 This book was intelligently written. Basically a personal and professional autobiography, I found it appealing from a human aspect as well as informational as to the various workings within the justice system as well as the FBI. I found that I grew to respect Mr Comey more and more as the book progressed, and, as angry as I was at the time of the disclosure re the Clinton emails, I now fully understand the torture of the decision he had to make. I do not see this work as partisan in any way. In fact, quite to the contrary, Mr Comey was true both to his personal standards for integrity as well as to his duties to his jobs and to his country.  Sadly, his fate appears to the result of living in a world where integrity appears to be little more than a word in Webster's dictionary.  I recommend all to read A Higher Loyalty without bias. There is much to be learned about self respect as well as honor.
 Best book I’ve read this year.  Period.  Superb honest commentary on leadership.  Well documented.  I wished I’d had this job prior to retiring when I was in a leadership position.  Regardless of your feelings on the current political climate - the ethics and leadership component is superb.  And the honest, well documented total embarrassment of our current political charade is well documented.
 I was pleasantly surprised by this book. Comey is a great writer. It is a page-turner that both my husband and I could not put down. I thought it would be a boring book about leadership, but it is actually a well-written, informative book detailing several major collisions between American politics and our justice system. Comey gives the inside scoop on his interactions with past presidents and other important political figures while summarizing the major fbi investigations he has worked and/or led. Having seen a few Comey interviews, I was also worried that the best parts of the book had already been discussed by the media. Fortunately, that wasn't a problem at all. There were plenty of fascinating details. In addition, although Comey definitely responds to his critics, he is most critical of himself. It is hard to walk away from this book without appreciating him as a guy capable of honest self-evaluation who can admit and learn  from mistakes. That alone is a lesson in leadership and humanity.
 I have to say i was surprised of how good Comey writes. He is detailed, he takes you into whatever situation he is talking about. Totally takes you into his stories.<br/><br/>I can only imagine the "memos" he wrote! He has oh so many stories, some of them we know a little as were part of the news at one point or another. I finished the book maybe in 5 days?<br/><br/>I also realized that all the cristism he got from the press and newscasters for the orange comment was hot air. He does describe him as orange, but so he describes everyone else in each and every story. Thin, old, hair, pale, etc. I think they did not read the book at all.<br/><br/>I do recommend the book, and congratulate Comey for being such an entertaining writer. And i thank him for his service.<br/><br/>And Lordy, I hope there are tapes! :) and from all that is happening lately.. they probably exist!
 J. Comey speaks from the heart as he discusses his family and their life path, which has played a role in his ethical and caring character.  His dedicated and wise wife is a true pillar of support.  He spells out the incredible leaders and mentors in his life and career, who have influenced and developed his leadership.  An incredible ethical public servant, who was done wrong by an out of control unethical idiot.  THANK YOU for your dedicated service to our country Mr. Comey!
 I listened to all of the hype about the book, and I assumed it was going to be an assault on Trump (which honestly, I was looking forward to). However, I had no idea that what I really wanted to read was this incredible book. James Comey made me forget all about Donald Trump and reminded me about the importance of honesty and integrity in leadership. He also showed me his own vulnerability and humanity. There is a section in the book (that I won't give away) which caused me to weep for his overwhelming grief. He discussed his short comings, his heroes, his sins, and the importance of leadership in our country. I was completely impressed by his writing, his passion for truth, and his love of country.  I hope he writes another book. I would imagine he has a life time's worth of lessons to teach.
 James Comey had neither the intention nor the interest in being a major figure in the 2016 presidential election, but as director of the FBI he played a significant role during the late months of both parties’ campaigns.  “A Higher Loyalty” is his telling of these tumultuous months, the months that followed, and the career that led up to his high position in the US government, and of his ultimate dismissal from that position.<br/><br/>The opening chapters of the book provide some important context for the book’s surreal conclusion.  Comey talks about his childhood, about the early years of his career in law and in government service.  He shares anecdotes about his family and his professional relationships.  His role models were his bosses and mentors who guided him through his mistakes and recognized his potential.  As a US attorney in New York, he prosecuted mob bosses.  He learned about their customs and their behavior.  All of this becomes germane later when he shares his observations of Donald Trump as president.<br/><br/>The book is written in a very clear and lucid style.  Comey's narrative is easy to follow and for the most part humble and believable.  He definitely faced more agonizing decisions during the late months of the presidential campaign than most people will face in a lifetime, mostly due to the imbroglio surrounding Hillary Clinton’s e-mails.  And life didn’t get any easier once Trump took office.  The closing chapters of the book stand out as an important telling of seminal events in US history.  His meetings and interactions with the new president were carefully documented.  Comey clearly sensed the darkness that had descended on the country, and he struggled with the dishonesty emanating daily from the White House.<br/><br/>Not everyone is going to like “A Higher Loyalty”.  Loudly shouted down as “fake news” by Trump and his followers, the book isn’t a pick-me-up for devotees of the 45th president.  But it’s an eye-opener for those who want a meticulously documented and credible perspective from a law enforcement professional who served under multiple presidents.
 As stated in the headline, Comey does little but whine about how he was mistreated by politicians, while denying any responsibility his own actions.
 Thank you, James Comey, for writing this book. Thank you for telling the truth, for honoring the truth, and for promoting the truth. I appreciate this account of your life and work regarding our nation, as well as the events of the last several years in our nation. I really appreciate the courage it took for you to speak out and do the right thing, both as FBI Director (and before) and now. Thank you for all of the hard work you have done to keep American citizens safe. A Higher Loyalty makes me want to be a better person, demonstrate more courage, and keep working to do the right thing.
 Reading this book it has reaffirmed my opinion of James Comey. He takes us through where and why he became so strong in his belief about honor and integrity and bullies. How he was put in a position where his honor and commitment  to the American Judicial System was put to the test.He passed with flying colors.I believed then as I do now that Director James Comey is a man of integrity.<br/><br/>When this current administration is dust, history will prove how this great man was dealt a disservice and we the American people and the F.B.I. will have lost a great and compassionate leader.  I hope he will come back somewhere and somehow to serve again.
 I liked it a lot. Coherently and intelligently written. It threw into sharp clarity the no-win situation that faced Comey just before the 2016 election. He had no clearly "best" choice and he anticipated being pilloried for his choice, no matter what it was. He made his choice and stuck with it. I have a word for that: integrity. Despite the fact I didn't agree with his choice, I applaud his courage for making it.
 I was very disappointed in this book.  Comedy had such an opportunity to bring light into history and he turned it into cheap shots and petty criticisms.  Really sad. I thought he was better then this
 His book was straight forward and is in great part a definition of who he is now and has always been. I believe in his goodness, sincerity, intelligence, and regard for law and proper execution of the law.  As the months have passed since Comey's firing, our president has been more and more paranoid and mentally off balance.  All this has added to Comey's credibility.  After reading the book twice, the only explanation that seemed not well nailed down was the announcement about Hillary's emails appearing in Weiner's computer. It seems that perhaps this occurrence leads one to believe that more enemies may have been at work behind the scenes. The timing was too coincidental in that the announcement destroyed HIllary's lead. Speculating here, when Trump felt threatened by James Comey's unwillingness to pledge his loyalty Putin also felt threatened. Comey's respect for honesty and law was well known, and some operative knew just what he would do as a result of the information. I wonder whether Comey is as concerned as I am about the stability of the future of America. Also, I wonder what he will do with all of his experience and expertise in his own future. He seems to be off the radar for now. I would guess that he has also read Fire &amp; Fury and will have Fear on his Kindle next week when I receive mine.
 James Brien Comey Jr. was the 7th Director of the FBI from 2013 until his dismissal by President Trump in May 2017; prior to this, he was the United States Deputy Attorney General (2003-2005). (He was a lawyer in the private sector from 2005-2013.)<br/><br/>He wrote in the “Author’s Note” for this 2018 book, “We are experiencing a dangerous time in our country, with a political environment where basic facts are disputed, fundamental truth is questioned, lying is normalized, and unethical behavior is ignored, excused, or rewarded… So if there ever was a time when an examination of ethical leadership would be useful, it is now… I spent a lot of time thinking about the title of this book. In one sense, it came out of a bizarre dinner meeting in the White House, where a new President of the United States demanded my loyalty---to him, personally---over my duties as FBI director to the American people. But in another, deeper sense, the title is the culmination of four decades in law… there is a higher loyalty in all of our lives… The higher loyalty is to lasting values, most important the truth.”<br/><br/>Almost the first half of the book describes Comey’s earlier life and career (e.g., in 2003, he was the lead prosecutor of Martha Stewart; in 2005 as Deputy Attorney General, he objected to the CIA’s use of techniques such as waterboarding as ‘torture’). In 2013, he was appointed by President Obama as FBI director; of his first interview by Obama, he recalls, “He said, ‘I don’t want help from the FBI on policy. I need competence and independence. I need to sleep at night knowing the place is well run and the American people protected.’ … I replied that I saw it the same way. The FBI should be independent and totally divorced from politics, which was what the ten-year term for a director was designed to ensure… Feeling good about my conversation with Obama, I agreed to the nomination… I fully intended to serve as director of the FBI through the year 2023. What, I wondered, could possibly interfere with that?” (Pg. 119-120)<br/><br/>While discussing crime in predominantly black/minority neighborhoods with Obama, he acknowledges, “I was trapped in my own perspective. A black person---who happened to be president of the United States---helped me see through other eyes…  He urged] me to see how black people might experience law enforcement and the courts very differently, and that it was hard to blame them for seeing the jailing of so many black men, in numbers wildly greater than their proportion of the population, as anything other than ‘mass.’ When we were done, I was smarter…” (Pg. 149-150)<br/><br/>But then, “On July 6, 2015, the Bureau received a referral from the inspector general of the intelligence community… The referral raised the issue of whether Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had mishandled classified information while using her personal email system. On July 10, the FBI opened a criminal investigation… the case was opened at the FBI far below my level, and I learned of it when the deputy director briefed me on it… In the course of doing her work, she emailed with other State employees… she and they talked about classified topics in the body of dozens of their emails… In Secretary Clinton’s case, the answer to the first question---was classified information mishandled?---was obviously ‘yes.’…  But] everyone she emailed appeared to have both the appropriate clearance and a legitimate need to know the information. So… we started the Clinton investigation aware that it was unlikely to be a case that the career prosecutors at the Department of Justice would prosecute.” (Pg. 161-165)<br/><br/>Of his July 5, 2016 statement to the media announcing the investigation of Hillary Clinton, he recalls: “My thinking was that if I started with the conclusion that we were recommending no charges, nobody would listen to the rest of what I said… As I expected, people on both sides of the partisan divide in Washington were very angry. Republicans were furious that I had failed to recommend prosecution… Democrats were furious that I  was]… describing and criticizing her conduct in detail and yet recommending no charges… if I had it to do over again, I would …  say] at the beginning of my statement that we weren’t recommending charges… More important, I would have tried to find a better way to describe Secretary Clinton’s conduct than ‘extremely careless.’ … it was as painful as anticipated. We had tasted the poison of our political system, and I had taken all the hits I anticipated, but I also felt great relief because the FBI and I were finished with Hillary Clinton and her emails. If only…” (Pg. 185-187)<br/><br/>He explains, “During the summer of 2016, we were working like crazy to understand what the Russians were up to… the Russian government was trying to interfere in the election in three ways. First, they sought to undermine confidence in the American democratic enterprise… Second, the Russians wanted to hurt Hillary Clinton. Putin hated her, blaming her personally for large street demonstrations against him in Moscow in December 2011… Third, Putin wanted to help Donald Trump win… the FBI opened an investigation to try to understand whether Americans, including any associated with the Trump campaign, were working in any way with the Russians in their influence effort.” (Pg. 188-189)<br/><br/>Perhaps less convincingly, he states, “there is a powerful norm that I always tried to follow:  the FBI] should try to avoid, if possible, any action in the run-up to an election that could have an impact on the election result. In October 2016, there was no good reason for the FBI to speak about the Russians and the election. Americans already knew what was happening, so the FBI could reasonably avoid action. But ‘avoid action’ was not an option when the Clinton email investigation came back to my office in October.” (Pg. 191) The FBI discovered that the computer of disgraced congressman Anthony Weiner (who was the estranged husband of one of Hillary Clinton’s closest aides) “might well include the missing emails from the start of Clinton’s time at the Department of State… The team told me there was no chance the survey of emails could be completed before the November 8 election.” (Pg. 192-193)<br/><br/>He continues, “I had testified under oath in public hearings to Congress and the American people that this case was finished. Now I knew this was no longer true… Assuming, as nearly everyone did, that Hillary Clinton would be elected president … in less than two weeks, what would happen to the FBI… or her own presidency if it later was revealed, after the fact, that she was still a subject of an FBI investigation?... one of the lawyers on the team asked a searing question… ‘Should you consider that what you are about to do may help elect Donald Trump president?’ … It was of course the question that was on everyone’s mind… ‘It is a great question,’ I said, ‘but not for a moment can I consider it… If we start making decisions based on whose political fortunes will be affected, we are lost.’ … I believed it was my duty to inform Congress that we were restarting the investigation.” (Pg. 194-196) Later, he adds, “Emotions were extraordinarily raw, and it looked like the FBI had just put a finger on the scale for Donald Trump.” (Pg. 200)<br/><br/>He acknowledges, “I was surprised when Donald Trump was elected president. I had assumed… that Hillary Clinton was going to win… It is entirely possible that, because I was making decisions in an environment where Hillary Clinton was sure to be the next president, my concern about making her an illegitimate president by concealing the restarted investigation bore greater weight than… if Donald Trump were ahead in all the polls. But I don’t know. I have seen and read reports that Hillary Clinton blames me, at least in part, for her surprising election defeat… I have read she has felt anger toward me personally, and I’m sorry for that. I’m sorry that I couldn’t do a better job explaining to her and her supporters why I made the decisions I made.” (Pg. 204-205) He adds, “I hope very much that what … I did---wasn’t a deciding factor in the election… the very idea that my decision had any impact on the outcome leaves me feeling mildly nauseous… That’s not because Donald Trump is such a deeply flawed person and leader…  It’s] because I have devoted my life to serving institutions …  that] play no role in politics…” (Pg. 204-206) And “I cam imagine good and principled people in my shoes making different choices..” (Pg. 208)<br/><br/>In a post-election meeting with Obama, he said, “Mr. President, my wife would kill me if I didn’t take the opportunity to thank you and to tell you how much I’m going to miss you.’  Although I hadn’t supported President Obama when he ran for office, I had developed great respect for him as a leader and a person, and it was only at that moment that I felt the full weight of his imminent departure and what it would mean. Unable to help myself, I added, ‘I dread the next four years, but in some ways, I feel more pressure to stay now.’” (Pg. 210)<br/><br/>In a pre-Inauguration intelligence briefing with Trump, “I decided I could assure the president-elect that the FBI was not currently investigating him. This was literally true. We did not have a counterintelligence case file open on him. We really didn’t care if he had cavorted with hookers in Moscow; so long as the Russians weren’t trying to coerce him in some way.” (Pg. 216) Later, “I then began to summarize the allegation in the dossier that he had been with prostitutes in a Moscow hotel n 2013 and that the Russians had filmed the episode.” (Pg. 224)<br/><br/>On January 27, 2017, Trump and Comey dined alone at the White House: “with a serious look on his face, he said, ‘I need loyalty. I expect loyalty.’ … I didn’t move, speak, or change my facial expression in any way. The President of the United States just demanded the FBI director’s loyalty. This was surreal… Dinner continued… I tried again to help President Trump understand the value that the separation between the FBI and White House offers the president. But it was very hard to get a word in.” (Pg. 237-238) Later, he adds, “Ethical leaders never ask for loyalty. Those leading through fear---like a Cosa Nostra boss---require personal loyalty… I went home and wrote a memo about the dinner, which quickly became my practice with President Trump after occasions when we spoke alone.” (Pg. 243)<br/><br/>In a later meeting, Trump said to him, “ former National Security adviser Michael Flynn] ‘is a good guy and had been through a lot… I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.’ … Imagine the reaction if a President Hillary Clinton had asked to speak to the FBI director alone and urged him to back off the investigation of her national security advisor.” (Pg. 254-255) Three months later, he learned from television that he had been fired by Trump.<br/><br/>This is a fascinating, frustrating, and sometimes infuriating account---but one what will be “must reading” for those wanting another “insider” perspective on the 2016 election and the early Trump administration.
 If you are an attorney, you will appreciate this book. This is because Mr. Comey does a very nice job of speaking to you in a fashion that you can appreciate the craft of catching the bad guys. I must admit that I bought this (a) hoping it would make me better informed: (b) because he was put in a tough spot, I  and I think he has a lot of courage. I still think that after reading the Trump saga.<br/><br/>I concluded after the book that he really did not use his head about some things, but isn’t that true of all of us. Dear Jim: Please do not go to work for a big firm and be “one of those people.” You served too long and have too good of a reputation among your fellow attorneys to trade your reputation for money.
 Prior to reading this book  I had no personal opinion of Mr.Comey. Al lI knew about him was what took place during the eelction. There were things I agreed with and some I disagreed with. The book was an inspiration to know that there are still people in the world that know the importance of integrity and honesty. I suggest regardless of what political affilaite you believe in Read This Book. Learn about the kind of people we need to run our country. Thank you Mr. Comey for a great honest book.
 Controversial book by a controversial political figure. Comey writes well, with a flair that makes for good reading. It did not, however, overcome my resentment for how he influenced the last presidential election. And I suspect my rating may lose one more star as the unending mess continues to be revealed in Washington.
 I have A Higher Loyalty 5 stars because it was all I expected it to be and more. James Coney offers a useful definition of what leadership is and how effective leaders affect the people with whom they work. He opened up his life experiences to the reader to show how his life shaped his values. Good values are the base on which all decisions are made for the good of others and country. Lack of good values shows in behavior and creates chaos.<br/><br/>I liked the book because it informs but does not preach. It does not imply that the author is perfect or that his decisions were the only decisions possible. On the contrary, Coney takes the reader through his thought processes and the reasons for the choices he made. I recommend it to everyone who cares about what is happening in our country today and how we can make it better tomorrow.
 I love this book. I can’t remember when I’ve been sad to see a nonfiction book end as I was with this book.  Comey gives detailed descriptions of interactions with  many government officials from the Bush, Obama,and Trump administrations. It makes you feel like you’re in the meeting and you can draw your own conclusions from his details about what you think about what went on and about character of the government officials he describes.  I also enjoyed his conceptualization of the qualities of a good leader. I’m jealous of all of you get to start this book.  I wish I could.  I loved it.
 I particularly liked the first part of the book, pre-Trump.  I learned things about Comey I didn’t know.  I was pretty much informed about things from 2016 on.<br/>As a retired leader of some 430 federal employees myself, I agreed with his concepts of leadership and putting duty to country first.
 I don’t normally read political books, but I do love biographies and this was both. Extremely well written, especially how one paragraph flowed into another, and one chapter bridged to the next. The reading seemed effortless, yet it was intelligently written, with caring, feeling, reflection, depth. I agree with the reviewers who said they could not put it down.<br/><br/>I’m not even sure why I bought this, but I am glad I did. I thought Comey might give a purely negative view of Clinton, or of Trump even, but he was even handed and honest. He is hardest on himself and quite self-critical, I suppose because he holds himself, and other leaders, to high standards. His comments on leadership were good, and his life story was fascinating. From the trauma he endured as a child, to his different career touch points and the famous people he rubbed shoulders with along the way. Comey seems to treat everyone the same, with the same level of respect. I knew him, like most people, as the guy who turned the 2016 election around at the 11th hour by opening the investigation into HRC again. I questioned his motives then, but I see from his explanations what an impossible task he had. No matter what decision he made, he would be reviled. But that is the point of the entire book: to sacrifice oneself to higher loyalties, to truth, ethics, honesty, and what is best for the country long term. He foreshadows an obvious case against Trump by weaving stories of childhood bullies, then his dealing with the Mafia (who demand loyalty above anything), then working for glory-hounds like Giuliani and on to Obama, of whom he seems in awe, not for his politics as much as his demeanor, how he treats people and his communication and analytical skills. By the time he gets to Trump, the book is mostly done and his time is short. He sees only glimpses of Trump’s thinking and behaviors, before he is fired. So the ending is a bit abrupt, but so was his tenure with Trump. Comey, director of the FBI, comes across as the ultimate professional, yet terribly human, sharing all his emotions under a variety of situations. It takes guts to do that. Excellent book and highly recommended.
 This is a book about leadership and integrity, for sure. Mr. Comey is descriptive and detailed in his writing.  He makes delicate and sometimes hard observations about the folks he has worked for, with, and alongside.  He is fair and self-aware.<br/><br/>Read the book for yourself.  I think media bylines and snippets about this book are very misleading and often inaccurate.  I appreciate Mr. Comey’s service to this country and his fight to do what is right.  Not every decision or thing that we do will be perfect.  We are human after all.  We come as close as we can to perfection.  He need not apologize anymore for his decision(s).  It was not a singular decision made in a narrow funnel. It was debated by many.  I think whether he went right or left we would still find him at fault.  There is no need for such discourse.
 A very riveting book, which begins with an experience from James Comey's childhood that had me on the edge of my seat.  Bullying behavior is not okay; it was nice to hear someone in your rank and position discussing something so personal in your life, who has really worked on himself and become a better man from the difficult experiences in your life.  I would like to thank you, James Comey, for your integrity and not going with popular opinion while in office with the FBI.  And thank you for your candor.  This was a really refreshing book, packed with information about our Branches of Government in full swing during trying times in the last decade.  WOW, what a terrible position you had to endure.  I did vote for Hillary Clinton, but I knew at that time you had to do what you needed to do because of the position you held at the FBI and any honest person would have done the same.  Disregard the naysayers, they don't understand the terms "Duty, loyalty, and integrity."  Again, thank you for your integrity and loyalty (as in the books title)!  I did't finish reading the last 3 chapters of the book before I gave this review.  After reading Chapter 12 "Trump Tower", I have to say, I laughed a lot.  I did not vote for Trump, I was sad for our Country, I miss President Obama (and his lovely Family), and I am sick about the direction our Country is heading with Trump!  WOW, I don't know how anybody could have voted for Trump, it is just shocking to me as well as embarrassing for our Country and really making me sick to my stomach every day he is in Office.  I pray that Trump is either impeached or sent to Prison soon, along with his family.  Enough is Enough!!!  Again, Mr. Comey, Thank You for your candor and for your Intelligence, loyalty and integrity!!!
 Dunno if Mr. Comey's telling the truth or just trying to make himself feel better- &amp; there's no way for me to know.<br/>As history moves along, we'll likely know more, both about the supported facts &amp; the outcomes. We're unlikely to know more about Mr. Comey's rationalizations- I think that'll have to stay between him &amp; his God, bluntly.<br/>Meanwhile, I found it quite interesting, empathize w the position he felt himself in, &amp; am grateful to get to hear from an insider.<br/>I'll just keep praying for ethics to be less alien to politics. There must be genuine statesmen &amp; stateswomen in Congress, the Justice Department, &amp; all the radiating strata of governance- I'm thinking about my father, who worked faithfully in the Inspector General's Office, pursuing &amp; countering fraud.<br/>We need genuine government, with a memory for what government is for, rather than treasure hunters, pirates, and mobsters. Folks need to remember (or discover) that living honorably is actually much easier than being a jerk. It's also better for your heart, your digestive system, your memory, &amp; your friendships, so it helps you live longer &amp; enjoy those around you.<br/>I'm thinking of Mark Twain's "telling the truth means you don't have to remember." Aaaah, yes.
 This is an interesting read. In years gone I wouldn't have been interested but the current political climate in the US is such that I felt it worth a read. The polarity in the system and its players appears beyond what I'd expected and while there appears to be corruption in most systems, it's amazing the Americans have been able to present an appearance of decency and leadership this long. I guess the vail is down now and the current administration is showing just how broken and morally bankrupt the place is and has been for a long time.
 Fantastic book! I was pleasantly surprised on how much I truly enjoyed Higher Loyalty by James Comey. I started reading this book by happenstance and was immediately hooked. I learned a great deal about the FBI, their roles and duties, their history and their relationship with the White House as well as other government entities.  Comey illustrates a rich history of the past 3 administrations beginning with Bush, Obama and finally his fatal interactions with Trump. While reading the book I grew to really admire James Comey for his courage, his leadership skills, his morals and standards. What a great guy! I loved learning about who<br/>James Comey is and how he became the man he is today. I also enjoyed his perspective of past and current politicians and celebrities. I have a great deal of respect for Comey, he is a very honorable man in my opinion and we could use more of the good guys (and gals) in our country and government, not less. Thank you James Comey for your service! You make a difference! I hope you write another book!
 Excellent book - regardless of your political view!  It’s about honesty and integrity beyond our own personal interest.  James Comey walks you through his personal and professional experiences, which illustrates his thought process in making decisions on the high profile cases that were played out in the media.  Rather you agree with him or not, you will understand why he makes those decisions.  Much much respect for this man and the FBI!  One of the best reading so far...
 I found this book quite engaging and even more enjoyable to read than I expected. It was so worthwhile to get an understanding of Mr. Comey’s background and development as an individual to truly appreciate the values and good intentions he has brought to the positions he has held in public service. He is clear eyed about his own shortcomings and struggles to be the best person he can be. He has plenty of ego, and struggles not to be driven by it.  Seeing’s interactions with the leaders he has served through his eyes is especially enlightening. Of course the interactions and events described with Trump sell the book, but it is very worthwhile in its entirety. It is somewhat comforting to hear him describe the ethics and values of those with whom he has served, and the belief that so many good people work everyday for the benefit of us all.
 I was taken aback at the obvious great value system James Comey has developed. President Trump firing him was a big mistake. I hope Comey runs for president as he would be good.<br/>  On the other hand I was also taken aback when Comey repeatedly discussed how honest and competent the FBI is. That is not the case here in Chicago. I know for a fact that the FBI in Chicago has known about unions taking in dues revenue and never filing law suits to defend the rights of members. Unions, according to the Chicago Tribune, have a firm grip on Illinois government. Perhaps, if Comey is dedicated to the truth as he says he will read this and report the scam to people he knows who could do something about it.<br/>  His book made clear that he is an outstanding person and should seek a public office where he could help solve problems, especially in the justice system where he spent some good years.<br/>Dr. Norman Jones  author of  Main St. vs. Wall St.: Wake-up Calls for America's Leaders
 James Comey is an excellent writer and very personable.  He explains the process of his job--the standards he follows, his reasoning, his values and his loyalties.  It's a bit like watching West Wing and realizing that government is not easy, simple or absolute do.  Except for honesty with yourself and others.  You might expect the recounting of so many details to be boring, but it isn't.  Great writer, great read, You'll learn a lot.
 Started to read this book. It wasn't worth my time, so I sent it back.  Damage had already been done.
 I loved this book. If you thought you were going to buy it and read all the Trump administration, you are sadly mistaken. I read this book from beginning to end and really enjoyed getting to know who James Comey is and his outstanding ethics and moral value system. His way of capturing his interactions with at least 4 different Presidents and the loving way he describes his wife and kids is very touching. Those people who wrote reviews the same day and a couple of days after the book came out and wrote crappy reviews are full of crap. They never read the entire book and are just haters. I hope to meet Mr Comey one day, he is truly in inspiration to our county and has done a wonderful job leading the FBI. He is a very competent inspirational leader and I'm so glad Trump isn't his boss anymore. I hope he helps to get Trump impeached one day soon.  Way to go Mr. Comey!
 I'm so glad to have read this book. I have always respected James Comey  since I first saw him interviewed on a network news show a few years ago. His quiet-spoken yet confident manner immediately won me over. Here was an obviously patriotic, honest man who loved his country and  was so full of integrity!<br/><br/>I too had been puzzled when he publicly acknowledged shortly  before the 2016 election that there was a matter concerning Hillary Clinton's emails that was being looked into; but I now understand, after having read this book,  WHY he  made that choice!<br/><br/>(I still voted for Hillary  Clinton  and I still have the highest regard and respect for Mr. Comey!)<br/><br/>THIS BOOK IS A MUST-READ !!
 Mr. Comey made a huge error in announcing that he was "re-opening" the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails so close to the election --- they already had her server; how could there be anything new and relevant on the laptop?  But I now accept that he did not do it to influence the election, which is what seems to have happened.  The story (his story) is very interesting for many reasons and the book is well worth reading.  His ethics are so much higher than some of our Washington folk!  They should all, somehow, be required to read it.  Maybe they would learn something!
 I read the reviews of the book and I heard the hype from the television pundits. I decided I needed to read the book to come to my own conclusions about James Comey. I found the read surprisingly good. It’s really about the “what and the why” of who James Comey is versus the decisions he made right or wrong that shaped the presidental election.  You learn about his family, his background, and his beliefs. I believe his decisions helped elect Donald Trump, who I did not support, but I could not help but like Comey at the end. The choices he made, I believe came from a deep commitment to protect the honor and integrity of the FBI. I was disappointed that he truly did not take full responsiblity about the ramifications about his decision to reopen and publicize the Hillary emails and to remain silent about the Russian investigation into Trump’s election.
 Our democracy is in great peril.  Donald Trump is destroying our country. James Comey confirms this in a candid and honest way.  We must remain hopeful that truth will out and the Special Investigator will get indictments that will, once and for all, drain the Trumpian swamp
 A “must” read......now more than ever!  It gives a clear understanding of the events during those months and weeks prior to the last presidential election and the part Mr. Comey had in it. I do thank Mr. Comey for being so straight forward in exposing his deepest personal and professional life experiences. I was very impressed when I first saw him several years ago on a 60 Minutes Interview giving precise and clear answers. Then I was very confused about his actions prior to the weeks leading up to the election. Having now read his book, I realize that he was caught in a situation you would not wish on anyone!
 This book changed my view on Director Comey and his justifications for the decisions he made gave me much better perspective and understanding. The stories he tells in this book are very gripping and he gives great reasoning on the importance of integrity, honesty and dignity as a human being. The last chapters of the book are quite heartbreaking. Everything in the book seems credible and honest. I wish there were more intelligent, responsible individuals in government as James Comey. I wish more people did not hate him so much, thinking he had swayed the election. I think he is being used as a lazy excuse for Clinton losing. Comey is optimistic at the end of the book. I hope he is right.
 I couldn't wait to read this book and pre-ordered it so I would get it the day it was released.<br/><br/>The book was pretty much what I expected. The one thing that sort of irritated me was the same thing with Dick Cheney's (I can't believe I wasted money on that), and Tony LaRussa's book. They try be nice and not be overly critical of anyone. It's like they want everyone even those people that they hate, and hate them, to like them. Give us a break and don't pussy foot around. Say what you're thinking.<br/><br/>By the way, the other two books I mentioned. They are the only two books I quit reading midway through.
 After the fiasco that was the 2016 presidential election, James Comey probably wasn't at the top of my most admired Americans list. However, after this peek into the mind of the man that was saddled with one of the most unusual and contentious campaign investigations in history it's easier to understand the struggle he had to maintain balance in his work and to remain above the political firestorm that was the 2016 election. Comey proved to be a man of integrity and at least of noble intentions, even though his actions may not have always played out that way on the public stage. While some may continue to criticize Comey for self promotion and rationalizing his motives and action, as described by his writings he came from a background in which he build a good reputation, integrity and credibility into as he described it, "a forest fire" not of his making which was sure to at least damage if not emulate everyone in its path.
 A book written to show how a man of integrity can stand up to unethical practices and come out strong and still in control of his beliefs even in turmoil.  Comey admits his mistakes but defines what a life of principles means.  He took a bullet on behalf of his principles but the wounds heal and he remained healthy and strong.  Any aspiring leader should read this book
 Well written and comprehensive, this book details Comey's path from childhood through education to his long tenure with the Justice Department and the FBI. He takes a very honest approach to examining his efforts, steps and sometimes missteps across his long career. From this book I see his approach to the Clinton and Russian investigations and, while I disagree in large part with several of his actions, I see how he arrived at those decisions and can find no reason to condemn him for what he thought was appropriate at the time. Hindsight is a harsh mistress, especially for Comey. You can say the "what" was incorrect, but the "why" was not.
 Coney does a great job in his book laying out the importance of the independence of the FBI from the White House. Something that President Trump does not understand or respect, even to this day.  He also does an incredible job describing how decisions are made in the FBI, which is very enlightening. Last, but most importantly, he covets I. Great detail, his thoughts regarding ethically-based leadership (essentially the only type of meaningful and effective r leadership) and how he tried, albeit imperfectly, to emulate that true ideal.
 While I didn’t really like Mr. Comey prior to reading this book, his integrity, patriotism and commitment to ethical leadership are undeniable. While I still disagree with some of his choices, I truly respect the man now
 James Comey is very intelligent and very straight forward with his concerns that individuals need to listen to each other, hear what is being said, do not be thinking of an answer before the other individual has completed there sentences.  He knows the law and how it is to be applied.  I had no idea about his background in law or the FBI this book has made me more informed and I respect this man for his humility and the need to follow the law. Highly recommend this book!
 Very hard read
 Mr. Comey is an excellent  writer.  He writes  from  the  heart  but with compassion and common sense .  He portrays the wondeerful family he has.  The grief he shares with the reader about he death of his infant son is very sad.<br/>The comradery he had with his staff was so sincere and you felt you were there in his office.<br/>You must read the man as he is as a husband and father. He is a remasrkable human being.  His professional life was stressful but he had the right people ikn his team.  He equates his success to each of his staff  Expderiences of an FBI agent under Mr. Comey was the time of his or her career.  Read with an open mijnd.
 Seems everyone hates Jim Comey for one reason or another, but I recommend that you read this book.  I was interested to hear his side of the story, because I certainly had pre-judged his performance and decisionmaking.  This is a very entertaining read, with one good story after another, starting with Comey's assistance to Rudy Giuliani in prosecuting the Mob.  Comey offers first-hand inside observations of several U.S. presidents and a view of the workings of the Justice Department.  Each president has viewed the executive/justice relationship differently and Comey offers his insight.
 This was  a much more interesting read than I had anticipated.  The author writes about his  involvement and why he made his decisions in the John Gotti and Martha Stewart cases.<br/><br/>In fact, of the 14 chapters, only the last 3 are about Trump. Highly recommend.<br/><br/>JF
 James Comey weaves his experiences and principles, and their impact on his FBI leadership and difficult decisions he had to make during his tenure.  Many have said this book was written too soon after his post at the FBI... I disagree.  In these times of dysfunctional partisanship it is important to have an unveiling of unprincipled leadership in our country (on both sides of the aisle).  Book reveals the spineless actors in the days surrounding the 2016 elections - both surprising and disappointing.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the moments of humor.  The only disappointment is the book did not reveal anything about alien disclosures.  *smile and a wink*
 This book has been extensively reviewed, so I won't add another long review to the collection. What interested me most about the book is James Comey's autobiography from childhood up until he found himself working in the Trump administration. His interactions with Donald Trump are already part of the public record and are not at the heart of the book, so I wouldn't buy the book just to read about the Trump-Comey conflict..
 Got to be honest I bought this book to see from his point of view what happened in 2016 campaign and beyond. I wasn't to sure what more information I could get after reading "Fire &amp; Fury" and "Russian Roulette". Boy was I wrong. This a great read about the life and the experiences he went through to come out to be the man that stood in front of us nationally on Television. After reading this book even though I liked Comey, I came away admiring this man. I wish there was more men like him in politics, to advance truth and justice no matter your party affiliation. I love the quotes to each chapter as well, of other important men that came before him.
 I liked it a lot. Very informative. James Comey is a very humble and honest person who admits his own mistakes. Very refreshing in comparison to the constant boasting and bragging coming from Trump and his administration who all feel they are beyond reproach - that is the Hallmark of narcissism and even psychosis. We live in frightening times where there are people that actually like and admire this behavior. It reminds one of Nazi Germany.
 Decent read. Felt like he was being honest in the book. No bombshells.  Pretty much what is already known in the media is what's covered in the book, with regard to his dealings with Donald Trump.  Brief history of his bio, early life, etc.  Nothing really exciting.  In my view, Comey is a decent man caught up in an impossible situation with regard to the Clinton investigation.  He does sort of admit that his ego got in the way a few times and he regrets some decisions he's made. Book was okay and I'm glad I read it, even if it was a little on the bland side.
 Just finished reading James Comey's outstanding book. Wow! This is a heartfelt and well written account of his life experiences, both personal and professional. I found Comey's thoughts on leadership, integrity and truth to be powerful and uplifting. I am left feeling optimistic that our country will rebound from this horrible period of lies and mean-spirited divisiveness. Thank you James Comey!
 I was surprised that Comey made himself sound a bit like a crackpot.  He doesn't attempt to excuse his part in treating Hillary to a public blasting, while remaining totally mum on the more serious involvement of Russia in the Trump campaign...(a fact which had been made known to Trump while he was a candidate...but which Comey treated differently than the Hillary investigation.  The best part of the book is that you get a clear picture of both the context and the pressure that Trump exerted to get Comey to lay off investigating Russian interference.  So worth the read because it is history in the making.
 Purchased this during the FBI application process. Got as far as the Meet and Greet and was not chosen to move forward. Either way this is a must read and I now have a clear conscience and much better understanding and respect for the FBI thanks to James Comey.
 I went into this book expecting another ‘tell all’ book, and not really expecting much. But James Comey is a good writer. Shock!  The beginning of the book was artful written &amp; intriguing.  Do read if you want a good read this summer.
 Everyone should read this book, regardless of political inclinations and beliefs. Mr. Comey is the exemplary leader that he has striven to be. His book is  the history of a genuine patriot and hero in our tumultuous and fragmented world. There are many lessons and wonderful examples to be taken away from his story. He is an example for all of us on how we should work every day to preserve and protect our democracy and actively live our faith.
 I recommend this book to anyone who has ever tried to make sense of James Comey’s highly publicized actions. Even if you disagree with his actions and their impact on the 2016 US election, this book will help you understand where he was coming from. James Comey explains what constitutes an “ethical leadership” and why intelligence organizations should be loyal to the people, not to a president or political party.
 The insights of a true patriot and a man of integrity who found himself between a rock (head) and a hard place (the media doing their job!). It is unfortunate that Rudy Giuliani isn't more like Jim Comey. Take your time reading this and absorb the many insights and wisdom offered.
 The James Comey  book evoked an emotion from my inner self. I felt a connection with the person as it relates to his character. Growing up my father instilled moral values in my character, but I had to learn courage or face being a coward for not speaking out for the truth, or staying silent in the face of a lie. I feel James Comey struggled with being a coward for not correcting bad actors, and not having the courage to speak out in unambiguous WORDS, terms and action against bad actors. It's not truly good to speak in terms of "read between the lines", or dance around a topic in hope of conveying a message. Mr. Comey in my view is a true individual who both Love and Care  for his country as do I. For that reason alone I rate the book "A Higher Loyalty" a solid five stars.  I also want to thank former Director / former Deputy Attorney General James Comey for his devotional service to our country. I'm proud that we had a morally sound individual as James Comey  leading the F.B.I. Additionally, I thank former Director Comey for his leadership inside the F.B.I as it relates to moral values, and in his efforts in the area of recruitment. In conclusion I totally agree with Mr. Comey's concepts of moral values and only wish we had more people who would speak out in search of truth. We as a nation need to unite as a country and stand up for truth. As the saying goes "United We Stand, and divided we fall." We are the United States of America.
 This was an interesting book, holding my attention throughout.  Of course, it must be read with an open mind because this is just a story written from his perspective.  Given the pending new investigation about his handling of the Clinton emails, it throws another viewpoint into my thinking about his perspective being unbiased and fair.<br/><br/>It was well written, easy to follow, interesting, and sheds more light on a situation that the public only got from the news sources providing it during that period of time in history.  I enjoyed reading it and did't see it as a waste of money.
 A concise version of James Comey's view of his upbringing and how it formed his ethics, his early career and how it helped formed approach to managing people and being apolitical, and finally his relationship, impressions, and his version of his relationship with the current president. A quick read and good insight into the truth. My only criticism is that I found it almost like reading a memo and I thought it could have more information on the current proceedings of the Trump presidency.
 I was initially not planning to read this but I am so glad I did. It's one of the top books I have read in recent memory. I would like to add that, like many people who voted for Hillary, I was not initially a fan of James Comey's but I have found him to be honest and sincere in everything I have heard from him so far.<br/><br/>Watching the series of interviews that Comey did on television the week his book came out, I honestly felt that that was enough for me; between the interviews and the barrage of Trump-related news every day everywhere, I didn't think I could stomach any more (I had already tried reading Fire and Fury and couldn't get through it).<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book so much and so much more than I expected to because it is *not* all about Trump; in fact, the Trump stories come toward the end, and take up only a fraction of Comey's memoir.<br/><br/>The book is, instead, a reflection of his experiences in and observations of leadership, from his days working as a stock boy in a local supermarket to his career as a prosecutor of mob criminals and in public service. He includes many anecdotes from his personal and professional life and the book also provides good summaries of news events that I had not followed as closely back then, before I became interested in politics.<br/><br/>But the stories don't mean much if the author's voice isn't engaging, and perhaps this is what makes the book. I was also apprehensive about the book being potentially dry and dull. To my pleasant surprise, reading the memoir was like enjoying a conversation with a friend. Comey's writing is personal and intimate, funny at times, and self-reflective and authentic throughout. The reading experience for me felt like a balm in the midst of everything else I read on the news. It is well written and also non-partisan. While the content is not a deep academic or analytical study of leadership, it is insightful and enjoyable as a memoir, and I would recommend this to my teen son to read, to learn about the different forms and challenging complexities of ethical leadership.
 I read this book because I wanted to understand why Mr Comey handled Hillary Clinton's emails the way he did.<br/><br/>He succeeded in convincing me that his actions were well thought out and without malice. It is easy to believe that you would have handled a situation differently. But this man loved his job and his country and tried to fulfill his duties under difficult sometimes impossible circumstances.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to learn what it means to be a leader.
 Stuck between a rock and hard place can pretty well describe James Comey's position on those decisions that brought him notoriety and also describe where my feelings lie in placing much of the responsibility for what were in my opinion disastrous election results.  But I believe his story because I believe him to be an honorable man.  His book is an eye opener and needs to be read by thoughtful people.
 Second, to read a personal account by the man who so honorably defended this countries values and was sacrificed for doing so. In approaching reading this book for those reasons, my take away was validation that there are people in government who are good and work to stay above the fray. This president is corrupt, immoral, cowardly and, at times, laughably inept.<br/><br/>Mr. Comey, thank you for your honesty and moral courage. You've brought the light out from under the bushel. I hope others will be inspired to do the same. For me, I have found my niche in speaking out personally and professionally against this man who disgraces the Oval Office as well as our floundering fathers. I feel validated, by reading your book, that my small and individual contributions are important.
 Totally exceptional book. I felt as though I walked away with a much better understanding of how things that I'd heard or read about in passing--Stellarwind, Hilary Clinton's emails, etc.--came about and why. It's also an earnest reflection on leadership and integrity, which is both hopeful and inspiring. I've since bought this as a Christmas gift for my father and brother, and think it should be on the nightstand of anyone who's looking to take a future leadership role.<br/><br/>I also can't recommend the audio book enough. Hearing it read by Comey himself gave it a whole additional layer of meaning and nuance that truly added a great deal of value. On the whole, 10/10, and I hope that he continues to offer additional insights into our country going forward.
 Thought this was a very good read, some behind the scenes details on Comey's interactions with Trump.  It is clear James Cindy did his best to uphold the integrity of the FBI and DOJ, despite pressure from the President to "look the other way" of his dealings with those who helped get him elected, as well as the ongoing Russia probe. The speed with which this book was published so shortly after his firing made it seem like I was reading this account in real time.<br/><br/>Highly recommend this book to anyone interested in the Trump presidency.
 I have more respect for James Comey after reading his entire book. I do believe him to be an honest man. He just didn't think about the repercussions of coming out about Hilary's emails at that particular time would do the damage that it did. I like him as a family man and as a person. The book was excellent. Ms. Brown
 Very informative....stuff I wanted to know. He's a character. It's worth your time.
 Love of reading is why I purchased this book.  The book was well-written and I learned a lot - some of it, I suspected but it was never mentioned on television talk shows.  I'm not a lawyer nor have I ever been close to the profession in my normal life so it was really enlightening to learn more about the FBI's function and responsibilities to the our wonderful country.  I hope Mr. Comey continues to share his gift of writing and we see something else pop up on books to read on my Kindle and in libraries across the country.  You even made you and Patrice feel like family.
 I appreciated Mr. Comey's telling of events. He comes across as a person of integrity and honesty un like our current president who has zero credibility. I was disappointed that Comey couldn't justify his departure from the established FBI procedures of not comenting on any investigation that still underway. Had he stuck to this procedure then nothing the FBI did would have had any impact on the Presidential election. That was the whole point of having those procedures! Once Comey started talking about it then he just kept digging the hole deeper every time he went public.
 The main thing I took away was Comey seemed to be a very stand-up guy, just full of good intentions, who seemed to get in a bit over his head.<br/><br/>It reminds me of the beginning of Dale Carnegie's "How to Win Friends and Influence People."<br/><br/>I'm not meaning to imply that Comey is a terrible person here. But, Carnegie describes how every person in the world, even the most hardened criminals, ultimately see themselves, in their heart-of-hearts, as completely pure and innocent. Carnegie says that every person, sees themselves as having had the most beautiful and highest of intentions. Carnegie interviews hardened criminals for this book and gets their inner beliefs about themselves. He finds and he explains that even people guilty of the most heinous crimes see themselves as inwardly harmless and innocent; and, often victims of circumstances. If hardened criminals believe this, Carnegie says, how much more so those who are so-called normal, those who don't break the law, those who try to live upstanding lives, those who live their lives attempting to serve others or serve their countries as best they can ?<br/><br/>Comey certainly believes he did the best he could. And it's pretty easy to believe that he might be right. Things went wrong, but perhaps he was between a rock and a hard place. The primary example may be that he says that he never intended to have an influence on the 2016 election, and yet, as everyone knows, it appears that he may have had a major influence.<br/><br/>He didn't intend to be loyal to Trump, and he certainly makes this clear.<br/><br/>And he says that he had a higher loyalty.<br/><br/>BUT, who was his higher loyalty to ...  ? To God ? .... To country ? .... To some other people ? .... For myself, this remains an open question.<br/><br/>...
 Other reviewers complained that this book was about him. This is a memoir, so it is supposed to be about him. It was very interesting to learn about the presidencies of Bush and Obama, as well as Bush. I believe him over the narcissistic Trump.
 This is a well-written book that I think anybody would benefit from reading, even if you disagree with everything in it. I personally thought he was an idiot for what he did in 2016, but I also knew that an idiot doesn't become the director of the FBI. This book not only gives the reader a peak into his mind and his decision-making at that time, and other critical times in his career, but also provides anecdotal accounts of ethical and unethical behavior and leadership, including faults of his own. Regardless of what you think of his decisions, I think everybody should thank him for his years of service to the public sector and the sacrifices he made to maintain ethical leadership, and take the opportunity to learn from his mistakes.
 What I like most about this book, is the apparent honesty Comey shows when telling about his experiences. He doesn't try to put himself in a "good light", although that would have been easy on many occasions. I came to really like this man and his personality more and more as I kept reading. The book helps me unravel many stories that had been obscure to me earlier, and is written in an easy to follow sequence of events.<br/><br/>There is really nothing I don't like about this book. I really enjoyed reading it, and was sad when it ended.
 Fabulous book, extremely well written, with stories from the ‘mob’ to the Clinton emails and of course the ‘loyalty’ pledge. But really a story of what it takes to be a leader, whatever your roll, how to be ethical and respect what you do and what others do who look to you for guidance. Comey is an excellent story teller and he paints a detailed picture of his career, the workings of the FBI and illustrates the impact of one’s ‘character’ on their job, personal life and country. And it’s simply a story well told.
 While I have mixed feelings about Mr. Comey and how he handled himself during the 2016 presidential election, I gave him the benefit of the doubt and bought the book. I really wanted to like it, I really hoped I'd come away with a better understanding of why he acted as he did, and a clearer take on the events around his firing and Trump's subsequent obsession with the former FBI director. I never finished reading it. I found Mr. Comey's holier-than-thou attitude to be so off-putting that I only managed to read about half before I shelved it. What I did read did not provide any insight, any new information. This could have been a really thought-provoking book from someone with a unique perspective on events that have changed the US possibly forever and not in a good way, but instead it was nothing more than a thinly veiled ode to self.
 This book was an easy read, and I don't mean that in a critical way. Mr. Comey lays out in a simple fashion who he is, where he's coming from, and what his decision making process was. He finishes up with his personal take on the state of the union.  We caring citizens need every sincere perspective we can lay our hands on, in the quest to make heads or tails of this bizarre period in our nation's history.
 I really enjoyed reading this book. James Comey is sincere and truthful, care about his family and his country, puts the principle of the Department ahead of his own. Nice to see someone still upholds justice in some government organization. We need more of people like Comey to serve in the government today. Unfortunately someone like that can not be allowed to not stay long to continue to promote justice we needed. I hope he is doing well after he left the job.
 I always tell friends and family I’m very apolitical. Watching what’s happening on the news in our politics confuses me more than it should. When I started reading this book I began with an open mind, and I thought it was very well written with very little bias. This was a very interesting read what I found most interesting was in his conclusion, he seem to be more open and free to speak.
 As a general rule of thumb, I don't care for autobiographies. I prefer more imaginative thrillers, full of fiction, suspense, mystery, science, mythology, and even fantasy.<br/><br/>This didn't really have much in the way of my typical inclinations.<br/><br/>"A Higher Loyalty" is a very well-written book. James Comey is humble enough to not only expose his weaknesses as a leader through actual examples in his life, but also expound upon them to impart a greater sense of their meaning and the lessons he learned. His unabashed review of the varied leaders he's served under during his tenure in the Department of Justice and FBI - along with a chapter dedicated to lessons learned in his earlier years - are all highlighted by different principles of ethical leadership.<br/><br/>Perhaps the most important facet of this book, however, is that it praises the search for truth, and encourages readers to verify for themselves not only the facts pertaining to conflict, but evaluate their significance by actively listening to each participant to understand their perspective.
 Comey makes a compelling case for why the truth matters in American politics .  Written by a man who's career it has been to protect the constitution and the rule of law, upon which forms the basis of the checks and balances within our system of government and helps to overcome human error flaws of those who run it.
 This book is an insider look into the U.S. Justice department, plus personal stories that are relevant to Jim Comey himself.  As mad as I still am at him for sinking Hillary's Presidential Campaign, I am really enjoying this book.  Many events are detailed that made the news, and Mr. Comey handled them well.  We all make mistakes.  Highly recommend the book, and I am a 100% Democrat.
 For anyone who has formed an opinion about what James Comey did and why he did it: read this book and perhaps you will rethink your views. How hard was it to know what to do with the Clinton email investigation? (Very). What about Martha Stewart and Scooter Libby? (Also hard, but nothing compared to figuring out how to react to the current administration). The book gives an outsider a good perspective on what it’s really like to serve in government, and in the FBI. Anyone interested in governance or in different leadership styles will also enjoy this book and likely will find it useful (and at times entertaining). I highly recommend it.
 Well written.  A story well told.  Don't know if I can believe that Comey is a total saint, but then it is HIS story.  The story is obviously well known and I follow Comey's logic for his actions.  But nobody is perfect.  The author makes himself a little too clean and, when he admits he failed, he always has an excuse.  Just a little too pat.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I wish I could thank Mr Comey in person for his leadership and dedication to our Country.  His history and experiences formed who he is as a person. Being confronted as a child by a gun toting serial rapist to the grief he and his young family shared.  His education and his early cases were very interesting.  If you want a book that rips one on Trump, this is not the book.  Instead he is a man who wants the President and our Country to succeed.  He has deep respect for the Rule of Law, The Constitution and all the members of/and the Institution of the FBI.  This is a man of integrity.  I enjoyed the read.
 James Comey is the embodiment of integrity. Integrity is not just a word that our current president lacks in his vocabulary, he lacks it in his character. A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and leadership offers an intriguing glimpse into the justice system and the FBI from an insider’s perspective. I highly recommend gifting this book for Christmas to any Trump supporting friends and family (if they can read). I’m sure any non-Trump supporting family and friends would really appreciate and enjoy this book as well :)<br/><br/>Mr. Comey- thank you for your service and loyalty to the American people!
 Very well written book about so much more than Donald Trump and his trouble with the truth.  James Comey illustrates the value of integrity and truthfulness with his own real life experiences.
 Worth reading, no matter where you stand on politics.  This account is largely about the struggle to prevent individuals from manipulating our justice and intelligence organizations.  You'll learn more about the Bush and Obama administrations, as well as getting insights into the extraordinarily unusual conduct of President Trump.  Fascinating, and I feel better informed as to the workings of my government. Highly recommend.
 This is one of the best books  I have read all summer.  James Comey did an excellent job of writing in an concise and detailed manner so that me the reader feels that I have a better idea of how the FBI should be run.  Comey writes frankly how he ran the FBI following all the rules and practices during his time working with President Trump and how he was surprised he was let go because of his competence in his job,  I definitely feel that this is the book you should read if you want to know what is going on in our government today--if you don't follow Trump's  way, you have to hit the highway.
 In his autobiography, James Comey, the 7th director of the Federal Bureau of Investigations, attempts to provide background and context for the events he was involved in during the 2016 elections.<br/><br/>A career bureaucrat, Comey writes a not terrible account of his childhood and later, career in the Justice Department - he was always very indecisive to the point of cowardice, hated bullies and always tried to do the right thing. As someone who followed all of the events around the former director of the FBI, I enjoyed the book and enjoyed his perspective on things. Not sure if someone unfamiliar will enjoy it the same or rather get lost in the "who's who" and lose interest.
 I was impressed by this memoir, enriched as it is by the author's personal zeal for note-taking when the going gets surreal, as well as for the occasional flashes of humor (when Comey refers to his own stature of five-foot-eight as "the FBI giraffe."<br/><br/>Mr. Comey comes across as a no- nonsense sort who is likely to tell a straight story. Finding himself, a straight-shooter in Trumpworld, is a fascinating look into modern political life in America. I can't recommend it highly enough for anyone who cares about the well-being of the U.S.
 In this age of criminal politics, one must read all the books that are produced from the present debacle we are living through. I recommend this book because we need to know who the targets are in our country and why they have been targeted. This book gives us a truly human look at James Comey and further bewilders us as to why he was targeted. No one should feel safe now.
 Like some other reviewers, I was pleased to read mostly about Mr. Comey himself, his family, and his ascent into the higher loyalty he espoused. His working years with Mr. Giuliani shone a light on what is happening today. I've passed the book on to friends. Recommended reading for those who want to understand more about James Comey.
 Politically neutral regarding public commentary for polarizing figures. Good story telling of cases and engaging of people along his career.
 The book was actually very good; I even highlighted certain parts as my children wanted to read it when I finished, and I wanted to make sure they read and understood those sections. I’ve never been so worried about our democracy until this presidency, and have seen “whatshisname” get rid of honest &amp; ethical people in record time.
 I am not one to finish a book in a weekend but, this was so easy and interesting to read.  I feel that he wrote this with the truth as the main character.  I wasn't a fan of his because I felt it inappropriate how he handled the Clinton information just days before the presidential election insinuating that the investigation was back on.  With that being said, after reading the book I see that he is an honest man, and that he did what he felt was the right thing to do.  Maybe he should be President, honesty would be a good thing!
 Leadership and ethics are vitally important to our democracy. James Comey paints a first hand view of how the best and worse exist in today’s government (political as well as law enforcement / IC). Read this book and awaken to the tragedy that is in progress. Every American needs to engage to protect our freedom.
 I heard a lot of hype both for and against  this book.  I am glad I read it.  Mr Comey seems dedicated to the truth and has an uncompromising ability to ferret out truth.  He was put in an untenable position but lived by his personal code of ethics throughout his time in service to the FBI and served with honor.  I truly hope his sacrifice will be validated by Mueller’s investigation.
 There were some interesting tidbits, but Comey's writing style takes on a hopelessly narcissistic style, despite his multiple admissions to being a work in progress in this category. His attempts at humor, or even dark irony, fell flat. I resisted every urge to put the book down and move on with my life--willing my way to see it through to the end. The last five chapters, or so, we're quite interesting.
 This book is a great read.  In the start I did now know what to expect but after reading an understanding about James Comey and his life from childhood to the present you get the picture of his Honesty and Loyalty to the people and Constitution of America.  For me it was a slow start but it kept me interested.  Well done Mr. Comey and I am sorry for your personal loss.  Aloha-
 Comey writes so well as he candidly details his life experiences that have shaped who he is. The man is very self-aware, self-critical, and self-deprecating. His story from his childhood years to his undergraduate years, to law school, to his legal work in both private and public sectors, to the Justice Department and finally to FBI Director, is interspersed with personal stories of life lessons and teachable moments. The book reads easily and like a story. Highly recommend it!
 An insightful look into an eventful period in USA politics during the bitterly and sometimes ugly race for the White house during the last presidential elections.  Former FBI director James comes across in this expose as a person of integrity,as he did to a world audience on TV-a man who favours justice and has a deep love for his country.<br/>As a non American, I and many millions of people around the world were astounded when Hillary Clinton lost and a crass, inexperienced person was elected. America what were you thinking? You have become the world. You have an egotistical leader surrounded by staff of little or no backbone.<br/>Highly recommended.
 This is a great book! It talks about values &amp; especially American ideals as more important than loyalty to a charasmatic leader or a political party. I’m a person who reads history &amp; this is more a contemporary critique than a biography, although it is not without biographical elements. It lays out the facts as understood by the author without whining or character assasinations. It is well written &amp; highly understandable. It will likely become a primary source document for historians of this volatile period in American history.
 Comey’s book lays bare Trump’s flawed personality.  It also, after seeing what’s happening with SC nominees and other scandalous policy and history from and about “45,” he cuts to the quick about decent human interaction and his evolving path on what leadership is.<br/><br/>The world misses you, Comey, and, even though you are a conservative (;)), you seem very chill and cool about your circumstances.  The FBI would have been lucky with you for six more years, but your influence will touch us more than the orange bonobo will.
 I try to remain well read on all sides of an issue. Comey's professional autobiography provides a thoughtful perspective on the complex tangle of issues our government faces, and the principles and motives behind their decisions. I was expecting more partisanship but was pleasantly surprised at the level of balance and impartial storytelling. Highly recommend to those who want a glimpse into the mind of someone who was stuck between a rock and a hard place in one of the most tumultuous and extraordinary times in American history.
 I really liked this book. I dont tend to see things the way people on either side does. I think this book confirmed what I had suspected previously.  This is a well written and thoughtful account of a man's life and his great career. It should have served to give insight to some of things about who the guy is and what he stands for. People can be too cynical,  I am guilty of this myself, but after this book I really do think he is the person he strives to be. I knew his writing would be good because a prosecutor and the head of the FBI is going to be detail oriented and that makes a good story.
 This was an excellent read. James Comey makes a great case for the integrity of the FBI. He also makes it clear that Trump acts more like a mafia boss than the president of one of the world's great democracies. James Comey does America a great service by sharing his experiences. He makes it clear that he, like all FBI employees, took an oath to uphold the constitution and the rule of law. What they don't take is an oath to follow the president as if he is above the law. This book is about upholding our democracy. It is a must read. By the way, I can't help wondering if the title is a reference to Henry David Thoreau's wonderful essay, "A Higher Truth", which was an inspiration to both Gandhi and Martin Luther King.
 Fascinating book! Intriguing autobiography of Jim Comey and his dealings with bullies, thoughts on truth, lies, and leadership, as well as his interactions with Washington politicians. It gives me faith that there are still ethical people in Washington and that we can survive the situation our country is in now. Highly recommend this book to everyone!
 Mr. Comey takes us on a journey through parts of his life and the people who were influential during those times. His contrast and comparison of various styles of leadership is spiced up by tidbits of insider information. As a long-time Federal Government employee, Mr. Comey accurately describes the checks and balances which glue our democracy together. Hopefully, his optimistic view of the future will prevail.  Bravo Mr. Comey for a well written and entertaining book!
 It is a must read as part of being as informed as possible to the issues of our times. Comey is neither a saint or a villain, but a citizens trying to see his way through the fog. I would have acted differently, but I have little doubt that he acted with what he believed was in the best interest of the country. I hope he ultimately realizes how much he contributed to Trump’s election by his own over analyzes of his importance. Good read, if you use a critical eye whether you are a supporter of Trump or Hillary.
 As many others state in their ratings, this is not as expected. It is a book that highlights the importance of integrity, independence, and humility of our intelligence communities, the realities that makes those things difficult, and the endless effort that should be put forth to separate politics and the FBI. Every American should read this book. It should be required in high school. Thank you, Mr. Comey.
 An easy read, the author tells his story. He establishes his penchant for doing the right thing through stories about his life and career prior to the Trump era and, in so doing, explains the rationale behind some of his more controversial actions. As his story unfolds, his direction and motivation are predictable and yet, understandable. I found it eye-opening.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone interested in the current situation in Washington who is willing to approach it with an open mind.
 While there are some eye opening passages in this book regarding the actions and behavior of certain government officials, by and large I was not wowed by it. Comey's main themes in the book include ethical leadership, honesty, and service to country. I respect Comey as a leader, and believe he got a raw deal when Trump fired him. Just my opinion.
 I enjoyed the book and it was nice that it wasn't extremely long. I thought it gave a good insight to Comey's life and his thinking especially his civil service and abiding by the law of the land. He may have made a few regrettable decisions but they weren't against the law but rather outside normal protocol. In these times I think normal procedure and protocol have gone by the wayside so he didn't do anything that many others have done and are currently doing.
 James Comey's book about A Higher Loyalty should be read together with the June 2018 report by the Department of Justice Inspector General, Horowitz -- which found Comey's actions to independently brief Congress in contravention of DOJ policy and practice to be extraordinary and insubordination.  The IG also faulted Attorney General Lynch and her senior staff for lack of judgment in this process.  Comey took this criticism with grace...One of the things that struck me throughout Comey's book was his focus on La Cosa Nostra, "This Thing of Ours," the Mafia, and its insistence on loyalty and the Boss -- with suggestive parallels and occasionally outright comparisons between the Trump Administration and Mafia crime families.  I was also impressed by Comey's accounts of his few meetings with President Obama, a man of integrity, intelligence, and judgment - and as is widely known, a great sense of humor.  Obama's successor has not begun to measure up, not in any way.
 An honest account of a man's struggle to make crucial decisions based on his sense of right and wrong and according to his understanding of the laws he was sworn to defend.  I greatly appreciated the clarity of his writing and can now better understand his reasoning during a period of time that will likely remain controversial for years to come.
 I am so impressed  I am purchasing several copies for gifts .  It is his life.  It is not about just Trump,  Down to Earth writing, interesting and an eye opener!
 This is a great insight into what really happened and the reasons behind universally disliked choices made by Director Comey. I would recommend everyone who comes with prejudice thinking to let it go and read this book. Also very well written.
 I had mixed emotions in reading this book.  I felt it came out too soon.  But like any true story, there is no time like the present to present Mr Comey's version of the injustice done to him by the President. I just finished the last page, and before moving on to a lighter story, I want to personally thank Mr. Comey for presenting a regrettable history of a black mark that will go down for all times as one of many injustices this country will endure during this "Black Mark" on the presidency of our beloved country.
 This is one of the greatest books I read this year. It is fascinating to learn how US Judiciary works and there are a lot of interesting stories and events James Comey wrote. Most of the stories and events have nothing to do with Trump.  I truly felt what makes our country great is people like Comey out there upholding our constitution and upholding the law. I understand why he made certain decisions and where his heart is. Comey is a true patriot.
 A Higher Loyalty was well thought out, well organized and well written, if a bit dry. One review here compared it to a case being presented in court by an attorney, and I found that to be true for me as well. The book deals with James Comey's career leading up to the Trump administration - what inspired him to enter law enforcement, how his career and family life developed, and his take on the events surrounding his firing as FBI chief. You may agree or disagree with his perceptions, but they are very well presented. I enjoyed this book and will likely be reading it again.
 James Comey brings an insider's view to government at the highest levels over the administration of three U.S. Presidents. He is observant and knowledgeable about the leadership abilities of the administrators he has worked with over the years and gives believable insights as to who and who does not have those abilities. Yes, he does come across as a staunchly moral human being, as some pundits have criticized. When morality as applied to the inner workings of government becomes a bad thing, we are well on our way to a civilization in decay. What also comes across in this well-written, easy-to-read book is his love of country and its institutions and the people who show up to work every day to keep it running, despite the vagaries and cowardices of some of its elected and appointed leaders. It's a necessary read for our times.
 Highly informative and reliable.<br/>Fact-checked and a humble representation of the separation of a truly well decorated man from the filth of politics.<br/>Up to now, Comey's accounts of his encounters are being challenged but still comes out as more reliable than anyone's. Even when it was found out just recently by the inspector general that he did a wrong thing out of a critical judgment call that he detailed in the book, he was quick to admit fault to himself and offered no excuse other than making a sacrificial lamb of himself out of great profound respect to the office and the institution he represents and that is total class and admirable to this distinguished author.
 Excellent read.  Such a contrast between the morals of Comey and Trump.
 Finally found the time to read this book and I'm so glad I did. James Comey's voice and honesty really come alive. It reiterates everything I thought about this presidency and makes me even more hopeful that we will come out on top again after this dark time is over. Thank you for telling your story and I'm so sorry you had to leave a job and people you loved because of a spoiled, heartless, self-centered man-child. Please continue to fight the good fight.
 I was interested to read about what happened during the Trump period.  While it was also interesting to read about his early years I was somehow bothered by those portions.  It struck me as egocentric: it was not so interesting that I would have cared to read it if it were about someone who had not become momentarily famous.  I felt Comey was trying too hard to win over public support.
 I really admire James Comey after having read his book. He’s a great and honest writer, but what I really loved is how he explains in such detail why he made the decisions he did and how he tried his best to do the right thing. It really helped me to understand him and to empathise.<br/><br/>Much of the book is about his life and career outside of the Trump presidency and it’s an incredibly interesting tale. He also provides really helpful descriptions and context and has a particularly wonderful ability to describe the good qualities of people he respects - it makes you respect them too.<br/><br/>I had never really considered what makes a good, ethical leader but James makes a repeated point of explaining what those types of leaders need and what they have in common. This, combined with the rest of the book, opened my eyes to things I’d not considered before.
 I believe that this book provides a valuable insight into a national topic that will have significance for the survival of our democracy.  While I am sure that  the author was not completely objective I do believe that he was successful in his efforts to provide us with a valuable perspective from a person who was a part of the story that needed to be told.  I gained an increased level of respect for the challenges our civil servants face in performing their jobs with integrity and in a manner that we should expect.
 Comey is precisely what he appears to be - an honest man of high moral integrity. This book really presents wonderful insight to who he is based on his lifelong experiences. Great read. Especially nice to know someone once in Washington made decisions based on his dedication and reverence for Constitutional law.
 Mr Comey strikes me as a man of integrity and honesty. Did he make mistakes in the Clinton e-mail case? I think he did. But he definitely did not deserve the character assassination by the current administration. Mr. Comey's definition of loyalty to the American Justice System rings true, and is, quite frankly, the only way I hope justice officials look at their jobs. Throughout the decades, he has conducted himself impeccably. As soon as Justice officials start affiliating themselves, their sense of Justice goes down the drain. I think Mr. Comey has the right to defend himself against the vitriol pored over him by the likes of Trump and Huckabee-Sanders, and I think he made a very strong case. Furthermore, in general, I think he makes an important example, by standing up to a troop of bullies. Applause to you, Mr. James Comey!
 We have a situation in the USA where we might have a Manchurian candidate in the White House. We need to defend the Republic from the attacks from the Russians who have always hated the USA after the Soviet Union collapsed due to the impracticality of their system and their backward ides. Democracy is a great responsibility and the oldest Constitution is still here due to no accident or will of one man. We the people are the greatest strength of our Nation that is and always has been and will be always GREAT !.
 This book is a must-read for all Americans! Not only is it an inspiring book about ethics, morality, and honesty, it is an excellent primer about the structure of our government and why our founding fathers created essential safeguards for a successful democracy. These safeguards are being slowly destroyed by our current president and his cronies. VOTE!!
 Seemed like it took me forever to get through this book. It was well written. It provides a lot of context around the events it describes. It provides a unique window into Mr. Comey’s thoughts and decisions. It’s just a wee bit dull, that’s all. Still a worthwhile read.
 Mr. Comey's book speaks to all of us about standing up for the principles our republic was founded on.  Our country's long-term prosperity depends on our collective adherence to valuing the rule of law over politics or personal loyalties to a particular leader.
 Especially enjoyed Mr. Comey’s retelling of his career both as a lawyer within government service and law enforcement/FBI.  Historical information very interesting during his time in NY and with Giuliani.  The retelling of his challenges, perspectives and decisions during 2016 to his “firing” was well done - having been a government employee for 12 years back in the 70’s-80’s, I can empathize with angst on how some of his situations were handled by management.  Good read - and his story isn’t over yet...
 He writes a compelling book about his life with the FBI.  He may be a renegade but I do not think he brought any shame or ill on the department.  I was not happy with his decision to reopen Hillary's case, but understand the dilemma he was in.  I think one lesson we all can learn is no one knows who will be elected until it is over or possibly when the Russians and other governments are not attempting to influence our elections.
 The love and pride Comey feels for the FBI people comes through very clearly. He is honest and seems truthful about the events, sometimes overexplaining his intentions. He draws parallels between Trump and Mafia leaders, which scarily rings true. He tries to finish with an optimistic  tone. I wish I could share that optimism.
 Fascinating and well written, this book gives a real insight into the stellar leadership of Comey, the testing of his independence by Trump, and the incredible importance of the independence of the FBI and DOJ.  These institutions are being tested like never before and this book provides great understanding of their role relative to the president and Congress.  The last chapter and epilogue I reread several times, both are so good.  I hope he writes other books about his experiences and the value of great leadership. This first book left me wanting more.
 It was an honor to have read Director Comey's  book, A Higher Loyalty. I found his words heartfelt, credible, and insightful. More biographical than a tell all of recent events, this book is very interesting and readable. I give this book my highest recommendation.
 Good book.  James Comey filled in the blanks of what I missed, politically speaking, leading up to the 2016 election and after.  He also explained quite well the Russian interference in the 2016 election and many years prior.  He did a good job of explaining the roles of the FBI, our judicial system, the president.  Quite an insight into how distorted and self absorbed those who run our country can become.
 This is an incredible memoire of the personal life and professional career of James Comey. It is a cover-to-cover read. Great insights on leadership and ethics. Great historical overview over the last 50 years of the justice system, federal government and intelligence community in the USA. I was surprised and delighted to see it wasn't until page 200 that Comey even brings up his bizarre encounters with Donald Trump. This book is so much more than Trump.
 I believe the author.<br/><br/>This book was written from the heart of the former director, and I was not formerly a fan. I found his facts sound and you opinions sincere.
 Comey writes well, tells a gripping story, only a fraction of which is about Donald Trump. It's a book about Comey, told by one who understands the promises, the possibilities, and the perils of leadership. Comey is clear that he is a servant, not a hero.  To that end his book inspires others, both inside and outside of government, to tell their own stories and share their own truth.  The American people would do well to listen.
 Very well written. I enjoyed reading it and got a new impression on the whole political scene between Trump and Comey. Obviously Comey didn’t want to be drawn into politics and that’s what Trump wanted. Trump also wanted Comey’s loyalty but he couldn’t give it. I would recommend this book.
 I found no great insights in this book. I hoped to find a fresh anecdote or an observation that went beyond our news cycles.  Unfortunately, the author writes from such a distance that even the personal reads as if he is relaying someone else’s tale and not his own.
 This book is written with openness and candor by a public figure who was willing to make himself vulnerable at a time when he is being judged from many quarters.  He takes the reader all the way back to his childhood and explains how he became who he is. He walks his audience through his quandary over what to do regarding the Clinton e-mails and how he worked diligently and collaboratively with FBI staff to make sure the best decisions were made.  Comey's book, which I recommend highly, is both the most striking and touching memoir I have read since Barack Obama's Dreams from my Father.
 I  worked for the Navy for 39 years. Our admirals were leaders just like Mr Comey. I admire his integrity and was brought to tears many times when he talked about our institutions and their role in our country. It makes me sick to my stomach that his career and the good he was doing at the FBI was destroyed by someone like Trump, but that's what bullies do. I told my husband that I think I have a crush on james comedy. I think he is one classic man.
 Honest look at Comey's experiences and what he has learned about leadership during his career.  I enjoyed reading this book a lot and thought it served me well as a cautionary tale in how to respect and treat others, and how to effectively lead others.
 James Comfy is an honorable man<br/><br/>My opinion of trump is or never could be based on this book....<br/>my opinion of trump, he is as dishonest, conniving, self serving as the day is long.
 This was a difficult book to read because after all the media coverage you almost knew what the book was all about. The loyalty he claims the WHO (White House Occupant) asked of him was as if we already knew.  There were many interesting  bits of information that  made the book worthwhile  to read. I wonder if the WHO has the capacity and ability to read it all the way though.
 Surprisingly moving; I think I tested up twice, while on the subway! I really enjoyed this as a memoir. Obviously bought for the inside scoop on recent events but was engaged with his telling of his whole career. Well-written in a straightforward style.
 Really like Mr. Comey’s writing style and thought the book provided good insight to the type of honest, honorable individual he is.
 This book is so good , truly interesting and a good source to learn leadership skills. It is  a shame that people think it is a book about Trump... it is not. I hope that people truly give it a try and find that it is about so many things. Very interesting to learn about the workings of the Mafia and the government and even things like child hood bullying. I highly recommend this book .
 It is difficult to write a book about yourself without making it sound self-seerving.  But for the most part Mr. Comey succeeds and it is interesting to see his perspective of those arround him as he heads towards what was bound to be a cliff allowing no return.  Since you know how it is goiing to end as you read the first page it is not a cliff hanger, but it has a lot of good information and interesting insight into some of the players.  I think history will treat this book well.
 One of the most interesting books I've ever read.  I have more insights into how Washington operates now and a heightened respect for public servants like Mr. Comey.  I appreciate his service to the country so much and I hope someday, ethics, kindness, and honesty will return to the Oval Office.
 A great view of what the Justice Department and FBI are all about &amp; James Comey's own history in his time there. The epilogue especially is great.  Here we have a man who strived to keep the FBI honest and politically neutral ending up being ousted for adhering to that commitment.
 A truely honest man  in a world run by dishonest men willing to subvert there own  morals to curry favour with a monster likeTrump .And a large part of the American public who are deaf dumb and blind to any facts and excuse any behaviour they wouldn't tolerate if the other side won
 I think I liked the most how he went through his thought process as he took in all information needed.  He listened to other opinions. It lead him into making fair assessments and decisions. His fairness in treating all, rich and famous or poor, to the same standards. I was impressed and he has my trust!  His own personal struggles and experiences growing up and after marriage and children contributed to the personal side of James Comey. He has an amazing support system in his wife and family.  They have seen him through this last year! I do not agree with his firing!
 Well written.  It gives a sense of an honest man who had difficult decisions to make and remain true to himself and his profession.  There wasn't any part of the book that I found boring.  I feel I am better informed on due process and the workings of Washington, DC.
 James Comey did an exceptional job during the time he served our country. He is just the kind of person we need to help lead our country in this time of hatred, underhanded dealings and lies. It is our loss that Donald Trump forced him out. Fearing that James Comey would uncover all that Trump prefers to keep hidden and bring it out in the open for the world to see. In my opinion James Comey can hold his head high and has my respect for a job well done!
 There isn't much to respect about the presidency now so it was good to read about a person in power having integrity. There were unfortunate circumstances that were difficult to understand but Mr Comey tried to do the right thing.
 An inspiring book, sharing wisdom for today's world.  Beyond the Partisan Divides, James Comey takes us on a rigorously honest and heart-felt journey guided by a Higher Loyalty.  Having read it, I want to share it with many family and friends, for different reasons.  One of the best books I have ever read on leadership and on how to listen and on how to be loyal to core values like truth and love.
 The more I read about the mobsters he helped prosecute, the more I saw the similarities in the current administration.  I enjoyed reading about the personal side of the man as well as the professional side.  After reading this book, I realize he never intended to help Donald Trump win.  He was put in a very difficult position - a no win situation.  He is a man of integrity.
 This is a great read.  It is a little slow to read because there are so many facts and info in it that I want to make sure I capture it all.<br/>James Comey is a good writer and  a good story teller.<br/>Well worth the read!
 I liked reading about his history, both personal and his life as a lawyer with the many positions he has held.  He comes across as a very humble man and I do admire him for how he has handled the many problems he had to take care of.  With all the news on lately I do not know what to think but I don't think much of our present leader or some  of his policies.  The book was written with sincerity I think.
 Excellent book.  Objective insight into a lot of issues as opposed to a revenge epistle against Trump - which is frankly what I expected.  Was pleasantly surprised.  Also downloaded the audio and listen to it on my iPad on the way to work.  It sits on the front passenger  seat of my car without headphones.
 The book has insight not only into the writer, but the FBI and the painful predicament our society is in at the hands of Donald Trump.  Mr. Comey's love of family, justice and country are the principles this country should strive to preserve.  The sadness is now to endure this president who is devoid of any form of civilized behavior, a bigot, a bully and ill- mannered narcissist.  May God give us the faith to rise above the low standards our leaders are setting.  It is nice to read such a well written book that was obviously proofed well.
 Excellent story by a real stand up guy. Mr. Comey has earned respect through his hard work, striving for the truth with honor.
 Very compelling book and very well written. Mr. Comey wrote this book as if telling a story. You will like this book no matter what party you belong. I cried, laughed and got pissed at numerous sections of the book. I pray the country is able to rebound after Trump leaves office!
 Comey gives us a narrative of Washington and it’s dark players from a source rarely tapped. He (Comey) is the true last boyscout Republican that has become an endangered species. You might find him somewhat self-serving but given the circumstances, I can forgive him this character flaw. It may someday become a part of high school history books or a college 101 ethics course.
 I left the country when George W. was re-elected and this book goes into a lot of my reasons for doing that. This reveals Comey as much more of a human being than he's been portrayed in recent media and it's a *great* read regarding the first few months of the current WH admin.
 This book is more about moral and thoughtful leadership from Comey's point of view. I appreciated his insights on his roles in private and public life. He does definitely describe his engagement with Trump but he also outlines his relationships with other administrations both the positive and negatives. I loved the book.
 I loved this book.  Not the type of book I usually read.  I thought it very well written and was inspiring.  Not that I think the man is perfect, who is... but believe that he thought he was doing best.  I might not have totally agreed with his every move but still think he had good intention.  I wish he had made one different chose but still think he is basically a good man.  Regardless it is a very well written book.
 Comey's tale of dealing with Donald Trump and the tumultuous 2016 election is fascinating...and he's pretty candid about issues that are controversial and gives his reasons why he took certain actions.  One may not agree with all his decisions, but the book left me feeling that he's an honest man and has served his country well. Between believing Trump and Comey...Comey would be far more convincing as to the FACTS.
 I do not agree with key decisions he made, but nevertheless he made those decisions with no malice. A true patriot and a loyal servant of the United States. God bless this man and his family.<br/><br/>(I am a Hillary Clinton supporter, I believed then and I believe now that Comey's actions in October 2016 was one of the main reasons for her loss. Having said that, it is important to realize all the factors that influenced his decisions before judging him and this book gives an insight into his thought process)
 Comey’s story is truly a wonderful reflection of the life of a career public servant. As we are all enthralled in the spectacle of his role in the 2016 election and the Trump administration (which he addresses with a great deal of transparency and candidness), the core of this book depicts the journey of man who has spent a lifetime examining leadership and putting into action lessons learned. He is open in sharing his flaws, inspirations, mistakes, and most importantly course corrections, and how all of this has shaped him over the years. It is evident he is a true leader and  I am thankful he imparted the wisdom he gained through the years. All in all a great read filled with scores of lessons for those inside the Beltway and beyond.
 An interesting, insightful, and honest account of American history. Appreciate the consistent citing of ethics, lessons learned, and the reliable character of Jim Comey. Hopeful we’ve not heard or experienced the last of his contributions to our country. An excellent - page turner - read!
 I so appreciated hearing James Comey's viewpoint about what happened to him during the Trump Admn. and recent election.<br/>His writing humanizes a very complicated situation and takes you right with him into the fray. Not at all boring and very interesting to<br/>learn of what a caring individual he actually is. It is our country's loss that he is no longer working for us.
 James Comey knows how to write. His descriptions and stories of the Bush era are incredible. His portrayal of Obama is enlightening. And the way he describes Trump is a stark contrast in what defines true leaders.<br/><br/> This book isn’t about Hillary Clinton. Because if it was I would put 1 star. Though Comey justifies his decisions based on well thought principles, I disagree with his actions. This book is about leadership. If you lead with principles, you won’t make choices you regret. Just wrong choices apparently.
 I liked the book very much. Its interesting to see from close what is going on and i also now understand the decision to announce reopening of Clinton investigation.<br/>But i have one edit, if publishers read this - Mr Comey is constantly refering to “amica nostra”. Its difficult for enaglish speaking people to know this, but in Italian, there are different words for female and male. “Amica” in a girlfriend, as “amica nostra” is “our girlfriend”, our friend, as a male, would be “amico nostro”, and plural amici nostri.
 Every leader should read this book, no matter what they may think of James Comey. It gives me hope that there are still people who will stand up for their values and do what is right.
 A good but restricted look into what happens behind the scenes. It did not fully whet my appetite. It left me with many unanswered questions especially about James Comey's professional work and experience. Any way, I appreciate that there is just so much he can be allowed to share.
 Comey is a good writer but the book, in my opinion, was a way to explain his lapses in judgment, especially in July of 2016 when he publicly commented on Hillary Clinton's email server. He shows his ego to be very huge and comes across as sanctimonious.
 A great read, his details about conversations with Trump are bone-chilling.  Mr.  Comey is an honorable and honest person. Highly recommended!
 With this book, you really learn to practice empathy and see things from his side. Regardless of your self-identification, i.e., republican, democrat, liberal, conservative, etc., this is a great book for all of us to read to understand better what is happening in our America, DOJ, and the FBI. Well written, easy and enjoyable to read. I even took notes.
 Regardless of your political affiliation, you should read this book. It is informative as well as entertaining. At times, I forgot I was reading an autobiography. If you aren't afraid to have you feeling, views, and beliefs challenge, read this book.
 Doing what’s right can sometimes be very difficult especially when it doesn’t fit the majority’s agenda or is inconvenient. This book affirmed that great leaders anywhere always act on that principle. I loved this book! I highly recommend it.
 Engaging read. Honesty, honor, integrity and dedication are points throughout the book that make the truth known. Very good book. Very good man
 Recommended reading for anyone who is seeking the truth about the relationship between the ex FBI Director and our President Trump. I felt it was a much needed tell all from a person I highly respect, Mr. James Comey. One I started reading the book, it was hard to put down. I was eager to hear the whole story.  Thank you!
 An insightful and hopefully accurate recollection of Director Comey's relationship and interactions with President Trump and various other senior government officials. Comey's writing is easy to follow and is interspersed with personal anecdotes from both his personal life and his storied career, as well as thoughtful comments on the value of ethical, selfless leadership in today's world of 24/7 media coverage. His unwavering resolve when faced with seemingly insurmountable hardships is inspiring and has certainly taught me a number of lessons to reflect on for a long time to come. The bottom line - this book helped me better understand the inner workings of all three branches of our government, and made me realize (even moreso than I previously thought) the rotten nature of the current presidential cabinet. I pledge allegiance to a Higher Loyalty.
 Excellent read! An in-depth look into the career of a man who spent most of his life upholding the rule of law.  His honest and insightful look into the last three administrations and his thoughts on what real leaderahip looks like. A must read especially for execuatives both within and outside of government.
 I appreciated the explanations around the U.S. torture policy, the Clinton emails controversy, and then the details around the various Trump meetings; the home invasion Comey experienced as a child is horrifying. The epilogue is pretty biting. Comparing this to the Michael Wolff book, Comey’s book is far more credible.
 When I first heard of James Comey during the Hillary Clinton email investigation, I wasn't sure what to make of him: hero? villain? fool? Now that I've read this book, I see him as human. Honorable and flawed, as most of us. This is a well written autobiography and also a glimpse into law enforcement and contemporary politics that more of us need to read. Well done.
 Should I lie? “Oh yes! Great read, highly recommend this...”....or tell the truth? Well since our politicians and leaders love breaking promises and their bottom line is in their pockets, I must follow my sixth sense: Don’t day anything bad! This guy (the author) headed the FBI! He’s got your number, so don’t make him mad! Just say...you loved his book and his propensity to tell the truth!” Yea, that’s what I’ll do!<br/>Oh! Back to reality. So far a good insight into this guys mind. And the mechanics of his brain. Not bad of a read, but I did find some inaccuracies. Still reading....
 While the information presented is well known it does not deviate from Mr. Comey’s public statements. There are attempts to rationalize some decisions but not an unexpected part of his story. The writing style is very good and in many places reads like a best selling thriller. I found the book readable, interesting, and worthwhile for me. I do not think it delivers any bombshells that people may be looking for.
 I am usually not a book reader, however, I could not put the book down and finished the 280 pages in 2 days. Great book, easy to read and as wonderful flow that makes it hard to put the book down. Would definitely recommend to anyone that is interested in learning the inside details of what happened during the Clinton Email investigation, and other topics of concern during the first couple of months while still FBI director under President Donald Trump.
 James Comey’s book is inspiring. Although no one is perfect, Mr Comey strived to hold high moral values, to live up to them, and expect the same of others. Through good times and bad, he maintained his focus on what was right. An excellent role model.
 It gives Insight into some of the responsibilities of the Dept of Justice, FBI, and CIA.  Integrity, truth, and a higher loyalty are paramount qualities needed of people serving as leaders of our country.  I liked James Comey before reading his book, which is why I read it, and now like him even more.  I have a great deal of respect and appreciation for him and the work he did.
 Content wise, I believe sincerely that this book needed to be written and made public. The president REPEATEDLY THREW COMEY UNDER THE BUS, then fired him over the CNN playback on TV. While I may not LIKE the way COMEY handled everything, namely the Clinton email investigation revival 11 days before the election, which I am POSITIVE threw the whole 2016 election to the nightmare president we have now...but as far as believability, I'm 100% on COMEY'S side.It's utterly IMPOSSIBLE to believe ANY of the CONSTANT FLOW OF BLATANT LIES THE SPEW OUT OF TRUMP EVERY DAY. Comeny just got caught between a rock and a hard space working for a leader who he had no respect for because of his serious flaws as a leader, businessman, and President, all of which I completely find believable along with evrrything else in the book. Yes, it's a nasty tell-all, but at LEAST SOMEONE IN THE GOVERNMENT HAD THE GUTS TO STAND UP FOR WHAT THEY BELIEVE IN AND STAND ON HIGH GROUND PRINCIPALS RATHER THAN LOW BALL, DITY TRASH THAT FLOWS OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE.
 I think this book should be required reading for every American citizen.  Mr. Comey has a very interesting life story to tell and it is so refreshing to hear about someone so deeply involved in the government is also deeply dedicated to doing things with honesty and kindness.  I pray our country can withstand the decay that is presently going on in this country.
 Finally! A truthful look at this administration and the people behind it. James Comey is an excellent story teller/author.
 A HIGHER LOYALTY: TRUTH, LIES, AND LEADERSHIP (2018) by James Comey<br/><br/>This is an excellent book and most readers regardless of political view will come away with high respect for James Comey.<br/><br/>He is self-aware.  His first sentence acknowledges the risk of seeming sanctimonious or vain.  He tells several humiliating stories on himself of cowardice or lying, which still embarrass him and remind him what kind of man he wants to be.  He credits people he worked for who showed him what good leadership is.<br/><br/>He feels the need to speak against self-certainty, disdain for fact and truth, unethical conduct, too prevalent in America at this time.  "The higher loyalty is to lasting values, most important the truth." (xii)<br/><br/>He was influenced by Reinhold Niebuhr, theologian and philosopher, while he was a pre-med student, and chose to become a lawyer as the best way to promote justice.  Pundits who mock his reference to Niebuhr are expressing the American habit of anti-intellectualism.<br/><br/>His story of New York law enforcement against the mafia is informative and central to his view of the value of truth and justice in government and business where mafia values are too common.  He makes a brilliant defense of the pursuit of justice--it repudiates submission to suffering as "the will of God."<br/><br/>His interesting account of his career, including the prosecutions of Martha Stewart and Scooter Libby in the face of strong criticism, aren't self-praise but teach lessons in truth-seeking essential to the rule of law.  His story of the confrontation between Justice and the President's men in Ashcroft's hospital room made me stand up and salute.  His conflicts as Deputy Attorney General with the Bush administration over surveillance and torture helps to explain current animus against him among some Republicans.<br/><br/>He offers important illustrations of the dangerous effects of confirmation bias in leaders who lack the ability to ask 'what am I missing, tell me if I am wrong."<br/><br/>Very credible to me is his story of interactions with Hillary Clinton -- his five months as a junior attorney for the Senate Whitewater investigation, his pursuit of the fugitive Marc Rich, his investigation whether Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich was a corrupt bargain, and his actions during the investigation of Clinton's emails, of which he says misinformation was widespread as partisans on both sides wished to discredit the FBI.<br/><br/>He had several bizarre encounters with Trump, which he recorded in detail -- something he had never done with other leaders.  His report rings true and his analysis of Trump's character is devastating.  Comey is optimistic that after the Trump forest fire American society will re-grow on its lasting values.
 The United States has lost one of the greatest advocates for truth and justice this country has had in the past 50 years.<br/>That having been said, “A Higher Loyalty,” shows how far this country has sunk into the morass of political stupidity and how easily it apparently it is for a fool to fool the voters of this country and become President of The United States.<br/>James Comey is an honest, honorable and upstanding civil servant. He has dedicated a great deal of his life for public service and the greater good of the public he served. His life and service is very interesting for everyone to read.<br/>There has been a good/bad equation relating to a very entertaining read. The bad being the firing of an amazing servant of the people of The U.S.A. And the good being the creation of this book and hopefully the awakening of the citizens of this country who may not agree with him, but take the time to read this book.<br/>My only negative feeling is that there are only five stars with which to rate it.
 I wish I could give more than 5 stars to this book. This book was actually everything I expected it to be. This man James Comey CAN WRITE! Let me tell ya, the moment I started reading this book I couldn’t get my eyes off of it, it was one page after another and that’s how you know it’s a good book when you can’t take your eyes off of it. I am very impressed with the book and I would recommend it to anyone that still has a sense of humor, adventure and very open- minded. If only I could find a way to get his autograph
 I gave this book the rating I did as it is articulate and important and offers some hope beyond the catastrophe that marks this current presidency.<br/><br/>It is also filled with thoughtful commentary throughout about the concept of leadership, what it means to be ethical, to be fact-based, and to make decisions based on that.<br/><br/>The author is also aware of his own short comings, and fairly acknowledges them as well as indicating things that.  On second thought, he would have done or should have done differently. These are the hallmarks of an honest, ethical leader that he aspired to be.
 I never read this type of book but felt the need to.  I needed Mr. Comey's side of things. This is an enlightening book, I'm so glad I bought and read it.  I thought I'd have to struggle my way through a political bore of a book.  The opposite is true, I enjoyed this book from beginning to end. Well done Mr. Comey. I wish you and your family the best.
 Well written book which tells the entire story of events.....certainly to be a major factor in the fall of the Trump admiration and a major piece of the Mueller investigation. Thanks for having the guts to write it!
 This book is written from a liberal outlook on the life of Comey working as an attorney to his experiences with President Donald Trump from 2013 to 2017 before being terminated. Coney shines light on important issues like Black Lives Matter, Watergate, Russia's involvement with the election and more. This book also helps highlight the importance of keeping politics and intelligence away from each other. Would recommend.
 The book raises questions into how the president is strongly<br/>Influenced by his business dealings with Russia and by<br/>his attempts to cover them up.
 Great read whatever your political stance. Comey has lived an honorable life.
 This book was very interesting.  After hearing of all the craziness in the White House, I believe in Mr. Comey's honesty.  We need more people to tell it like it is, not all the lies that are being told every day.
 Thought it was excellent. Author admitted he had a difficult decision to make on announcing information regarding Clinton's email outcome so close to the election. He comes through to me as intelligent, hard working, professional, thorough, and sticking to the facts. I think the book shows what a difficult position he was in.
 I had no idea what to expect when reading this book and it exceeded my expectations. Thoughtful perspectives on leadership. Great connections from what he endured in his childhood to the hurdles he encountered in his career and life.
 I highly recommend this book to learn about the insanity that is happening in Washington, D.C.  Mr. Comey writes from the heart and tells the truth about the dealings with the president of the United States. He does not write this book to make a buck, but to tell the American people to wake up and be vigilant. I am really sorry that he's not director of the FBI.
 My news sources are CNN, Fox, BBC, and NPR so my opinion of Comey was a mixed bag until I read his book.<br/>It's hard to fake integrity. People give us what I call  "tells" that uncover their true colors.<br/>Comey's honesty about mistakes he made, and his simply telling the story with explanations of why he reacted as he did, won me over.  He agonized over his choices, and then moved forward. He convinced me in this book that he had no ulterior motives for anything he did.
 Comey is a thought provoking leader whose words are worth listening to. He belabors his points on the subject of truth and leadership in a way that is simple to understand.<br/><br/>He doesnt trash Trump and Giuliani or Cheney because he dislikes them but because of their hostility as leaders.<br/><br/>He does not praise Obama or other leaders for their politivs but rather for their competence. A sorely missing component of our political theatre.
 Comey is a great story teller. I was surprised by his writing. Loved it all.
 This is a story of the path Comey took to become the director of the FBI and his infamous public firing by Trump. A page turner, full of specific details, and well-written.  I have a newfound respect for Jim Comey after reading this book.
 Enjoyed learning who Jim Comey is as he sees himself.  Very few could have done what he has accomplished in his life.  He makes earnest attempts to point out his faults.  And where he is most chastised, he stands on his principals and is willing to take the hit.  Trump says he could shoot someone on 5th avenue and no one would care.  That is because Jim Comey is the one who would (and did) take that bullet to protect the institution he worked so honorably for, and to protect our democracy from this wannabe Autocrat.
 Just finished another history lesson so important to understand.<br/>As have the same moral values could easily<br/>Understand the many dilemmas he has had to<br/>Face.<br/>Am praying that the truth will finally return and<br/>Those numerous "fired" presidential advisors<br/>Will finally not be so fearful to speak out.
 A well written story of putting honor and morals up against unbridled power and corruption.
 Detailed account of the FBI Director's career and his interactions with our simple-minded moronic President.  Even though much of the content has been discussed on all of the cable news shows, it is still well worth reading.
 Good book,we need more people like Comey to help keep this country from being run-over by lying, self-centered sycophants.
 I read about a third of the book.  Well written; interesting, for a while; kind of slow after the initial third.  It might be nice to have as proof of what this nation has endured if we survive...
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It gave a clear understanding of what we as the people of the United States must have a  discerning spirit regarding truth and loyalty.
 Mr. Comey writes of his conclusions about leadership based on his personal experiences. Fascinating and interesting book. Excellent!
 Book just isn't about what has happened and regardless of your politics a very eye opening read.  Story of a man's career serving the US.  I admire Mr. Comey flaws and all.  He served our country well and it is very sad he is not able to continue.  Truth, leadership and values from Mr. Comey - truly something to admire and so very much needed.
 This is an honest report of what shaped James Comey's ideas and subsequent actions.  The reader will not agree with everything he does but that's not his intent. As a first book it's well written and you get a feel for the discomfort he often felt.<br/>Although he could have looked to precedent for guidance in the Hillary issue it appears that concern for the department clouded his judgment.<br/>In the end  it is disconcerting to believe that someone went to such extraordinary lengths to deliberately destroy another human being.  Sadly this would not be the last time something like this would happen. In fact it became a recurring pattern.
 An easy and informative read.  My thanks to Mr. Comey for all he has given in service to our country.
 In all of my 68 years, this is one of the best reads ever. Well written, interesting sidelines, and an understanding of the higher loyalty that is the book's title. Some would call it the highest loyalty. Kudos to Jim Comey.
 This is a real page turner, very interesting about the life, the political people that Mr. Comey has had to deal with during his career.  It would be a great thing if this country celebrated other people who share similar honesty,  integrity, and faith in other humans as he.  I love it how he never backed down.
 As a 26 year old female democrat, this book offered me a world of new perspective. I only knew your name and your involvement from news headlines. Sometimes, it's hard to even listen to republicans nowadays, but I am so glad I listened to you and read the entirety of your book. Thank you for serving as FBI Director and protecting us. I am sorry that our President took you away from us. He is a shame to our Nation.<br/>PS - Patrice sounds like an amazing woman!
 Integrity is no easy road...especially when you are working for a president who has none.<br/><br/>In this fascinating glimpse into the life and times of James Comey, Comey reveals himself to be very human and self-critical, always questioning if he is handling things properly and living up to his own image of what a "leader" should be. (Relax, Jim. You've done an outstanding job in horrendous circumstances.)<br/><br/>The contrast between Comey's earnest soul-searching and our president's brash disregard for truth, coupled with his insistence that what's good for him personally is the only thing that matters, could not be more stark or well-documented. Unfortunately, the folks who most need to read this book probably won't. Like Trump himself, they seem locked in a view of reality that either ignores or distorts facts almost beyond recognition.<br/><br/>At least there's now a record to set things straight. We can only hope that enough people DO take the time to read the reflections of a man whose reputation Trump has sought to destroy (as he has destroyed the reputations of so many others--mostly anyone who dares to stand up to him and speak "truth to power.")<br/><br/>I wish you well, Jim. Thanks for writing this book and having the courage to say some things that needed saying.
 This was a very easy read. It gives you a different perspective of Comey. He isn’t as stiff as his professional image seems. He made some major mistakes in his job. It made him more human. He has had a lot of tragedies in his life. Maybe that affected his judgment a little more than he is willing to admit.
 The early analysis of this book focused on the apologetic nature of the writer. I read about a person focusing on the phases of his life that shaped his conscious and ethic in to a man of trust and integrity. If he comes of as righteous or improbable, it's because you are looking at him the wrong way. I honestly believe he is a rare servant of the Nation put in precarious situations not of his own making, but the political machinations of others. Great book and if you are a servant leader, it will reinforce some strengths and lay bare some weaknesses in dealing with other leadership styles.
 I came to this book with an open mind and I’m glad I did. I have so much more respect for not just James Comey but for W Bush and Obama. This fills in a lot of holes about what is going on.<br/><br/>An excellent read about honorable and ethical leadership.
 People on both sides of the political chasm will benefit from a read of this book. It clarifies the role of the FBI in our government and the need for this division to remain apolitical. Tremendous read.
 Comey is a highly complicated person and while not everyone will agree with his actions in 2016 there is no doubt that he is sincere and has a great love for this country.  Marvelous read!
 Very interesting and thoroughly readable. Mr. Comey spoke directly and clearly as though he had been someone you personally knew. Recommend everyone takes the time to read his story.
 James Comey recounts his life in the field of justice.  He served as a U.S. attorney in New York, deputy attorney general du r ingredients George W.  Bush's administration,  and F.B.I. director under presidents Obama and Trump.<br/>Comey recounts the circumstances of his firing by Trump in May 2017. Throughout this book, Comey stresses that  the federal justice system needs to be independent from any political influences .
 I absolutely loved this book and bought several more.  Mr. Comey has a higher loyalty and demonstrates his values in this book.  He is a talented writer who understands leadership, power, and loyalty. I recommend his book to anyone who enjoys business, ethics, leadership, and politics. The End.
 Listening to the audio version of "A Higher Loyalty" does make a difference. Instead of reading, I heard joy, sadness and frustration in his voice, as James Comey expresses his concern for what our United States has become under the Trump Administration. Democracy and our security is being compromised and it certainly is not a good sign!
 Excellent read about a man with a moral conscience which is hard to come by in D.C. these days.
 It is a credible and consistent narrative helping me to better understand the American political leadership. It was specially useful to grasp the character of the current president of the USA as well as his behavior. It also provides us a credible, simple and pertinent  information on leadership and the values that a leader should pursue. Hence, it is a useful work for people leading people and entities.
 I thought it was a very good read. Very enlightening on what is going on and very ashamed of are leaders.
 This was an interesting book.  James shared his personal life which has been tough.  He is definitely dedicated to his wife &amp; children.  I believe that as the head of the FBI, he tried to be fair in his dealings with Hilary, but timing was definitely off.  I regret that Trump was elected &amp; do believe that the inquiries did make a difference.
 Liked it.  Like some of the other books that have been recently published, portions relating to the current presidency were discussed on various news programs, but still found it a quick and informative read.
 I thought he was a bit arrogant before I read the book.  Now I respect him and his decisions, at least most of them.  And I've come to<br/>understand why he did what he did at the time he did it.  He does recognize that he could have handled some situations better then<br/>he did....but you will have no doubt after reading this book, that he is a man who does not bend the law for anyone.
 Brings out the problematic and enigmatic nature of Comey\Don Quixote. A veritable real life passion play this book was written by a man who was fired by Trump who he helped put into office by destroying Clinton then vilified by the party he helped. Sorry guy wrong windmill!<br/>Too late to get him out of office noodge.
 Educating and revealing, likely to become required reading for those studying government or business ethics. Basically reinforces what is already known about Trump.
 Appalling that POTUS fails to recognize his own ignorance.  He surrounds himself with liars, lobbyists, and criminals, and throws shade on career law and intel servants.  Read it, shared it, and will read again to remind me of what things are supposed to be verses the way they are. (for now)
 Reading with an open mind can be challenging, however this book provides a balance and successfully demonstrates the dilemma of balancing a persons believe between right and wrong. There are few easy choices and individuals who constantly challenge their belief system and open themselves up to divergent views truly grow in wisdom.
 Excellent read! Read it straight through in one sitting. Disagreed with mnay decisions Comey made, but this book explains-- for better or worse -- what happened and why. Excellent! Read it; you will not regret it.
 I enjoyed reading this book. I have great appreciation knowing that there are good and honest people like Mr. Comey in government positions since what we see happening in our country does not always reflect this. The firing of Mr. Comey is unsettling but is only a reflection of the administration that fired him. I appreciate that as a private citizen he has shared his narrative.  I hope he's right that this firestorm will bring new growth.
 Even though he was chastised by the IG, the book was still a very good read. I enjoyed it. Some facts in life he seems to be oblivious of in previous work but appears to be generally a patriotic American as should all FBI agents. It is a very easy read and not at all difficult to understand his point of view.
 It is heart braking to read the events that ocurred to Mr. Comey. However, the events, the fire, will surely make the people more cautious and guard democracy with more passion.<br/>I never thought that this country's voter would usher in a person who calls our democracy á swamp.
 I liked the book very much because it clearly explained that the FBI is a non political part of the US government and why is set up this way and how wrong Trump was to ask for personal loyalty to him.<br/>This book is NOT so much about about the turmoil in our current government but more a detail of how it should work under a real leader instead of a narcissistic self important upstart.
 Comey is direct and his concerns are our concerns. I found his discussion of the take down of organized crime in NY interesting. Definitely worthwhile as a read.
 James Comey's book is a very detailed insight to his long career in the public sector.  The way President Trump fired him really disturbed me and after reading about his many meetings with President Trump, I am even more disturbed.  I think this is a great book to read no matter what your political affiliation is.
 Easy reading and  well written .  Most of the book is about his life before Trump.  Only the last 2 chapters are about Trump and he sees himself as a Boy Scout.
 James Comey was there:  witnessing the character traits of Giuliani, Obama, Cheney, Bush, Trump.  He stresses over maintaining the reliability and independence of the FBI. He notes that one misstep by the FBI, seen to be politically motivated, will destroy the FBI's credibility with Americans for years. He called Bush/Cheney on their torture policy, on the WMD-justification for the Iraq war, and on the NSA "Stellar Wind" surveillance program. He stood firm on the FBI's investigation of Hillary Clinton. His refusal to become one of the president's men, and keep the FBI independent of the White House probably led to his dismissal by Trump.
 So much detail was included in this book, making me understand some behind the scenes rules and laws better. Hard to believe all this was actually non-fiction.
 Great lessons on leadership and so pertinent to our current realities.
 This book was surprisingly readable, at times funny, deep and well written.  I expected something rather dry, filled with political information- but this read gifted me with a very genuine look at Comey, the man, his experiences, his way of making decisions, and also gave a compelling look at the history of how things work inside the whitehouse and with respect to the FBI and the rule of law.  I found the book inspiring, and I deeply appreciate the man for the level of honesty-especially self honesty- of which he speaks.  We need deep honesty in our personal lives as well as our government, especially now. This book is a fine model of what level of honesty is required to heal a society and a government that has become mired in lies, half-truths and manipulation.
 I couldn’t put this down as I read A Higher Loyalty, the stories were still unfolding in America. The book was just released. Months later, the story still unfolds as the Trump Whitehouse continues to make news by being the news and staff continue to leave. I’m still dumbfounded.
 I like many folks have had good and bad feelings about James Comet. This book convinced me that he is an honorable man. I hope our country survives and become stronger after the failure of the current administration.
 I’ve never been a lover of American politics. I follow what I read in the news and with past presidents there wouldn’t be much to follow.<br/><br/>Things have changed and now the US lives with a president that is best described as ‘odd’ with wild and irrational behavior that puts his country and the World at risk.<br/><br/>This book details some of the events that can support that, although quite frankly there is no need for it, as we can all see it clearly on television.<br/><br/>Whether if you’re a Trump supporter or Comey’s, you can expect a solid version of what this writer thought of several strange events that went through this election and posterior moments.
 I just finished this very readable and well written book and I loved it!  James Comey's integrity, character, intelligence, and humility shine through on page after page.  As upset as I was when he told Congress that he had re-opened the Hillary Clinton email investigation just before the 2016 election, I now have a better understanding of why he felt he had to do that after reading this book.  I appreciate the epilogue in which he finds reason to be hopeful for our country during what I and many others consider to be a very dark and disturbing time.  Thank you, James Comey, for this insightful and inspiring book!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It is more about leadership than all the selacious garbage we heard on cable news. I found it very interesting to get a first hand account and glimpse into governmental areas that the general public rarely, if ever, sees. Lovehim,or hate him, Comey did a fine job on this book.
 Comey is as thorough a writer as one would expect of an investigator and is careful to share his story as objectively as possible given the circumstances.  While he never satisfactorily explains his reasoning or the timing of his last minute pre-election announcements, he is careful to describe the pressure he was constantly under during the months prior to his being replaced.  One can get a good idea of how the current president thinks while still realizing Comey uses the book as self-justification.
 Despite the continual public bashing of James Comey by President Trump, this is a must-read to get inside the FBI's Russian probe by the FBI's director. The title "A Higher Loyalty" sets the tone for the probe.
 Interesting reading.  Not what I expected.  Comey goes into his life and times as a young man.  His entry into public service and how it impacted the lives of his family.  I enjoyed the background of this man far more than the final confrontation with the president.  I learned much about the inner workings of our justice system.
 Well written, insightful, an easy read.  An interesting look into a world few get to experience.  Ethics , morals, and leadership over several administrations viewed.
 Mr Comey is a true Patriot. He tells the truth and has done the right thing. When he told Congress about the additional emails that were found he did the right thing. It didn't hurt Hillary's campaign cause the fix was already in by the Russians. Donald Trump's presidency is a sad sham on America.
 Interesting observations on three presidents and their administrations by a trained observer.
 I really liked how Comey gives you a perspective of who he is and his beliefs due to events in his life and his upbringing. You get a good sense of why he took the life paths he did. I enjoyed reading about his side of many issues that played out in the media. Whether you believe in what he did or did not this book helps to get a better understanding of the man and what his personal fights where considering his integrity and truth barometer. I enjoyed the read and am appreciative of his positive demure considering the cards he was dealt on several occasions.
 nice guy wanted to do the right thing but really screwed up the election. The F.B.I. would have survived a scandal i.e.  J Edgar but the country may not survive comrade Trump.
 James Comey upholds his reputation as a straight arrow and is totally believable with a well documented discussion and modern history of his life and career as a federal attorney and FBI chief.  This was an insight into his past investigative mind and patriotic past.
 This was a Great book that was hard for me to put down. This is a book that was written by a True Honest American !!!
 A very well written and informative, no matter what you think about Comey, you cannot argue, he was there for it all.
 Interesting, not very linear.  But as I once heard, " the first liar doesn't stand a chance".  I wish it had left me with some righteous indignation, but I ended up just sad.
 It's just what we needed to learn about all the reasons why our democratic system needs to be brought back to reality.  Alternative facts, factoids, and any unrealistic methods of propping up a false and failing POTUS need to be challenged and refuted.  There is no better person in USA to do that, than Mr. Comey.  He has the facts, the skill to collect and store them in ways that are needed for the job.  This book was<br/>a quick read for me, as we already had seen many of the facts in our newspapers and TV.  I've shared it with friends, and they all say this book is necessary to tell the public of America what really has happened.  The current administration is a travesty, and the sooner we all get to work to get rid of it, the better.  Both parties need to realize how serious and horrible this change is, and that we have to go to the polls in November to fix it.  Just rearranging the "deck chairs" won't do it.  We have to make our congress come to grips with the reality that we have very loose canon in the white house, and no matter who leads the congress, that has to change.
 This book stands apart as a wake up call to all regarding the importance of voter choice.  Choosing someone to run our country is an important responsibility we should not take lightly.
 The reason I bought this book is James Comey, seemed to be an honest, decent man with integrety, and when I read the book, I think it confirmed the impression that he is such a man.
 Interesting, well written, thoughtful and insightful. Very glad I purchased and read this book! Thank you for sharing your story with us Mr. Comey.
 Appreciated this book. It helps illustrate different kinds of leadership, gives his life experiences as to how he's seen leadership. A good reminder of our values above party line votes and what we need to hold important.
 Found this book totally engrossing...well written, and I was able to follow most all of the names...I started on the Kindle and 1/4 way switched to listening in my car...kept my interest to the end~
 This book should be required reading for any person working in public service. It speaks less to the partisanship of the Trump administration than it does to those basic values required to occupy such a position of trust, be it elected or appointed.<br/><br/>The writer presents in an easy, storytelling style that grips the reader. He carefully walks the reader through the mystifying shadow world of high level Government processes.<br/><br/>As a retiree from two different Federal agencies, I was once again connected to the seriousness of the oaths I took upon entry into each service to the Nation.
 Thank you James Comey for telling your side.
 Everyone in America needs to read this book.  James Comey is a patriot fighting for our country and our values which are seriously at risk right now.  Being a former cop I realize he was just being a good cop with his documentation and sticking to case. Good book!!!!!!
 I found James Comey’s account of his experiences with Donald Trump to be completely believable.  I think he’s a man of very high principles.  The book was easy to read and understand and whether you agree or disagree with the ramifications of his decisions, he gave clear and direct explanations for his choices.
 I LOVED IT!!! Couldn't put it down!! I found it genuine and I would highly recommend it!!
 This was an awesome book!!!! I would believe John Comey over Donald Trump any day!!!<br/>John Comey was doing his job and he was doing it correctly. AND, that's why<br/>Trump fired him so he could "clear the deck" in order to slow down the investigation<br/>which is still going on within the FBI even now.
 I was not a great fan of Jim Comey but his book made me appreciate his perspective and dedication to his profession. I thought this book was to be about Donald Trump but it is an autobiography of Comey's working life and his dedication to justice and truth.
 For me to do a book review is unheard of, but the author has earned this.  This book was a brilliant look into ethical leadership at a time when that is lacking in this country.  While the stories contained within sate a certain curiosity about the inner workings of the man and the administration he had to work with, the lessons to learn about WHY it is important to be honorable, honest, patient, and open in positions of leadership are the real reasons to digest Comey’s book.  Whether you’re far right, far left, or anywhere in between, you can enjoy this book and learn a thing or two about how you as an individual can help to make things grow from the current forest fire.  Thank you Jim Comey.
 I listen to  this in my car. I am always looking for truth and consistency from objective sources. This  certainly  is worthy. This is what "honorable" sounds like.
 I always appreciated James Comey's honesty and integrity.  This book was very interesting; I learned a lot about past legal cases and issues as well as the current state of affairs.  I am very glad I took the time to read this wonderful book.
 James Comey is revealed as an honest man and as history will judge. This is an important and a compelling read. Diogenes would have had a tough time in Washington but he could have found this honest man, as will the reader. But woe to the honest man, as we can all see more clearly now. And if only George Washington had not cut down that cherry tree, what better than now fruit it would have borne.
 I could not put this book down!  Such a detailed inside of his career, and the 3 Presidents he served under exists nowhere else.  The reader gets a thorough understanding of how and why he made decisions.  I admit that I didn’t appreciate what he did to Hillary Clinton during the campaign, but now I understand his thinking and admire him for it.
 It is about leadership, repentance about bad choices and yet a bit too much of self.  I enjoyed reading the pre-Trump part which was a discovery into the mystifying world of the FBI.
 An interesting book that is more than just a spilling of the beans of life in the Trump Administration. Coney has some stories to tell in high profile cases he's worked over his career as a prosecutor and as FBI director. I recommend it for.anyone who likes a good non-fiction memoir.
 I ordered this thinking it would be less interesting than it turned out to be.  My friend read it and agreed.  A thoughtful book that is not preachy but clarifies many things.
 My husband and I don't really care much about books on politics. However,  much to our surprise, we purchased A Higher Loyalty after watching James Comey's  first interview with ABC George Stephanopoulos. We were able to read through this book in one week. A GOOD BOOK!
 He is a gifted storyteller, and his eye for detail is far better than the best I've ever witnessed. He found himself in an impossible situation and had to make the hardest decision of his life. His backstories explain how and why he made the decision to do what he did. My heart goes out to him and I wish him nothing but the best in his life.
 Shared this book with several people; it is well written and an easy read.
 I liked the writing style and the flow of the story.  I came away with feeling he is a just and worthy person.  Others have gone out of their way to seed the flow of history to dishonorable end.  And I feel the author has been maligned unjustly.  Was glad I read this work.
 At first I was angry that he was fired. And then I realized I was angry that Hillary wasn't the one who should have fired him. He handed the election to a very sick demented megalomaniac. I am sorry he got one penny of royalty from this purchase. He's as much a fraud as Trump and talking about emails, he should be locked up too.
 Seems to be a very open and honest book.  I like his style of writing and his straight forward manner of speaking and writing.  While I believed he was wrong to re-open the probe on Clinton's emails just before the election, after reading this book, I do understand his point of view about his decision.  I still think it cost her the election.  I would recommend reading this book.
 I was surprised I liked this book as much as I did. I now feel I know James Comey better as a person and not just as a former FBI director. I plan on sharing it with other family members &amp; would suggest reading this book to others. I found the book to be thoughtful, educating and interesting.
 Mr. Comey is a really good writer and his book will be an important primary source in studying the behavior of the FBI related to commenting on investigations.  It seems such a Greek tragedy that such a principled person was so blind.  After reading the book, I can only conclude that Mr. Comey precipated what he wanted to avoid; the interference in an election of a President.
 Gives hope in these dark times. Provides concrete examples for issues discussed. Easy to follow and easy to read. Excellent
 The fact that I wanted to listen to it and read it because it's now part of History. Maybe not forever but James Comey name will be known ride along with Donald J Trump for a very long time. It gives decent insight for those that have not kept up on the news.
 Great to learn the perspective of one of the most important recent figures in the US government. Amazing arc of an accomplished career of service. Enjoy the original voice of this author. Recommended reading for all political buffs.
 I absolutely loved this book! He did a great job writing it! I don’t usually read books like this but after hearing him on a few talk shows I wanted to read it! He is a good man and was done wrong!! I think he was a great leader and anyone working for him was privileged to do so!! Everyone should read this!
 I saw an interview -- I remember Comey saying his editor (?) Suggested this book be conversational.  It is.  No pompous words, but more like he was sitting at my deck table telling me this story.  Better yet, the phrases were memorable----phrases I want to share with my First year college students. Ten  years from now, this book might even be included in historical reference for this eventful presidential term.
 Feel sorry for Comey and all the others whose life long careers, doing the right thing, destroyed by orange evil clown.<br/><br/>May they and we all live longer than whatshisname and family.<br/><br/>May we see Justice done.
 I have a better understanding of James Comey after reading this book. He came across as someone who is a big nerd but who loves his country and wants the best for it and wants only to do the right thing.  I do not always agree with what he chose as the right thing but he put his reasons out there for the whole world to see. Over all, I think I would find him boring personally but someone to admire for his body of work.
 As other reviews note, this book is extremely well written and and a great read. I am truly inspired by it to try to uphold truth and morality wherever I see it being abused. The “salacious” information about Trump’s appearance is literally one paragraph, and that paragraph doesn’t read like tabloid fodder at all, just observations. The way various newscasters and commentators highlighted over and over again this minuscule section of the book upon its publication is absurd. The book is really an autobiography of Comey’s life but focused on those personal experiences that dealt with leadership, ethics, and judgment. Trump supporters need to read it and think long and hard about their next votes for federal office. I do not see how anyone can read Comey’s book and come away with anything but tremendous confidence in and respect for him. It’s clear who the truth teller is where the Russia investigation is concerned, and it’s not our commander-in-chief.
 Fantastic book.  We need more honorable men like this in government.  We should be able to look up to our leaders instead of shaking our heads at the things they do ans say.  Can't wait for the next election.
 I enjoyed reading this book. It's not the kind you can't put down until your done, but it gave me a better understanding of the role of the different departments in our government and the oversight of one to the other. It also helped me understand the Clinton and Petraeus investigations better.
 Everyone should read (listen to) this book. It is much more than just about Trump - it is about the crisis we are dealing with in our country when it comes to ethical leadership. You can't address what you don't identify. You can't achieve what you don't identify.
 This is a really interesting book. The part I find most interesting is he doesn't really get to the "Trump part" for quite some time. Lots of background on other situations and interactions with other presidents and some good thoughts on leadership. Really gives a good perspective.
 A fast and interesting read.  Thank God for civil servants like James Comey.  No one is perfect, but honesty and integrity are qualities we need in our government employees.  Helped to put back a little faith in our government -- or rather the backbone of the government.
 Pretty well describes who James Comey is from some childhood events through working with an idiot President with orange skin and a pile of 15 week old cut grass on his head.  Good lead into what we can expect from this one term narcissistic liar we have to put up with on a daily basis today.  I pity Mr. Comey having to work for even the 5 months that he did with Mr. T, Ronald Dump.  Onto my next book, The Assault on Intelligence.
 Twenty one years sitting as a trial judge and a s a judicial arbiter have taught me something about lies and honesty.  I have also learned a lot about the importance of truth in understanding and applying the Constitution.  James Comey’s narrative is a glimpse into the life and mind of a man who values truth and the rule of law over politics and ideology.  People misread and misunderstand him because he chooses to operate and think on a moral plane where truth and the rule of law are the sole imperatives, not the acquisition of political power.  As such he is not unlike a modern day Thomas More.  I strongly recommend this book to anyone who cares about the role of integrity and character in our system of justice.  Leave your politics at the door and listen to the heart of an honest and self effacing man who cares deeply about our country.  He understands leadership and describes the characteristics of a great leader as few other contemporary authors and commentators.<br/><br/>This is quite simply a fascinating story. I pray that enough people can handle the truth to assure that James Comey’s story will continue and a new political paradigm will rise from the burning embers of these troubled times.
 Good background and interesting perspective from Mr Comey. Enjoyable and worth the read. Highly recommend this book, for both parties.
 Very well written. No, it is NOT a Trump-bashing book. Great revelations into the Mafia, and his interactions with the movers and shakers in Washington. Trump?, the last few pages. One of the best books I've read in the last year.
 For the heavy subject this book covers it is so easy to read and understand. I watched all this unfold on TV but you can’t know the thoughts or feelings beyond what is spoken. Mr. Comey did an outstanding job in explaining the thought processes behind the words.
 Amazing that Americans still believe this nut job of a President.<br/>Read this and then you will walk around mumbling, "boy is this guy more like the Adolf of 1933 or what".<br/>But the other side of the public still calls this "fake news".<br/>It is scary.
 Everything fine.  Haven't read the book yet, though.  As a professional editor/proof-reader of over thirty (30) years, I'm sure I'll find tons of typos, etc. within it, as has been my experience with many of these hurriedly published books of late.
 A useful insight into the workings of the white house but Comey concentrates on his philosophy on the role of the FBI as opposed to Trump's when you feel there are more important areas to consider such as where do people get their information from when they go to the polls.
 I found this book to be a very interesting read.  I found that Mr. Comey was very honest in telling his story and  this book is a very important read for everyone.
 An in depth look at the reasoning and moral process behind the decisions that this dedicated public servant made. While I didn't personally agree with all of the outcomes, it is an enlightening read. James Comey should be respected for his service and his grace under the most difficult circumstances He has spoken truth to power as he sees it.
 I am sort of a "head in the sand" kind of person when it comes to politics. I remember all of these events from news coverage and was appalled at the time. After reading James Comey's account I am aghast.  Comey did a great job describing his life and his involvement of notable investigation. His background of La Cosa Nostra brought meaning to the point of his book "A HIgher Loyalty". And his account demonstrated the mission of the FBI.
 A wonderful expose of the inner workings of American politics and the quite frightening injustices that goes with it. One wonders how democracy survives with the level of treachery that goes on behind the scenes. It's a shame to see honesty betrayed.
 I like the way James Comey writes, honest, well thought through and in a way you can hear him talk to you. As I am not an American citizen, he seams to be one of the great "cowboys" in former times.<br/>But, I only give 4 stars, because the result of the election was not, what I hoped for and in a way, he was really involved there. Sorry.
 I think Mr. Comey is sincere but does not see the big picture. He should never have done what he did without approval from his superiors who had a lot more insight than he did.
 Our Life experiences shape us into the person that is seen. Comey's story helped me see the man and understand his actions. I am finally at peace with his actions. The environment is so toxic in WA DC that his stances depicted in tbe book did not add to this toxicity. The appointment of a special counsel was and is a good thing that Comey's actions precipitated. I so wanted Hillarry to win. I was so hurt, fightened, and angry when she lost. You, Comey, were a target of my ire until I finished reading your book. Go in peace. My God guide you in paths of righteousness.
 Don't judge until you read for  yourself.  Good read is a good read regardless of your politics..
 This isn't a book about Trump, not Hillary, even though they are part of its ' content. It is a book about James Comey, his life, his experiences, his desire to make himself better every day. A wonderful book, easy to read and informative.
 I thought Comey gave me a chance to think about political views I wouldn't have considered on my own. Book arrived as promised and on time.
 Excellent book not necessarily about politics but about the importance and value of doing a good, honest job at whatever you do.
 I have been reading this book whenever I have a chance over the last few weeks.  Met someone on vacation who is also reading it.  She said  "I won't spoil it for you."  Her husband said, "We all know what happened."  HaHa
 Great story when truth and honesty matters.  James Comey can be believed in these times when leaders lie constantly and don't even know the truth anymore.
 Good read. He takes you on a journey through his life experiences, drawing examples of good and bad leaders in his own quest to being an ideal leader himself within the various roles he assumed. He brings up points and counterpoints of what made these leaders great and not so great, then (without being discrete)  manages to points those leadership flaws toward the direction of Trump. Indiscretely, he points out his own flaws (which some may see as counter to his claim that Trump is unfit to be president). I thought it was a very sensible, good read nonetheless.
 I did not expect secrets. I expected to get some insight about the personalities and behaviours of our leaders: what makes them to respond in a way or another, what drives them to do or chose what they chose. You will get anwers, if you read the entire book.
 This is an interesting and insightful read that helped me understand his choices, although I do not agree with them still. Combined with the Isakoff and Corn Farrow and other books paints a pretty clear picture of how the Trump presidency is proving​ to be so dangerous to our Republic.
 I enjoyed this book because it shows me there are, or were, people in government who really do care about truth, justice, and the American way. Thank you Mr. Comey for your service and integrity.
 Jim Comey's dedication to values is both heartfelt and admirable as well as his restraint from angry criticism of Trump.  Come tells the story as he saw and experienced it from his perspective as a loyal and admirable public servant.
 If you want the truth this is a must read...<br/>Comey tell's the truth not like TRUMP that<br/>Always is a liar ..
 I was on the fence about Comey before reading this.  I think more highly of him now.  He makes mistakes, is kind of a doofus sometimes, but I believe him to be an upright one.  The first half of the book is autobiography and does not really touch politics.
 Fascinating read. It'll be interesting to see where we are in 2020.<br/>As shown + good pack + good ship = find deal
 I found that the James Comey audio book was interesting and well written. It was also narrated by the author. Even if you don't like what James Comey did before the past presidential election, it is still interesting to hear from the man in the center of the controversy.
 READ THE BOOK........that's all I can say! I like him a lot and I wish his success at William and Mary
 A great read, and refreshing to know that high integrity folks not clouded by horrible so-called leadership still exist in our government (well until Trump fired him).  I was very impressed with Comey’s decades of integrity and doing the right thing, with a higher loyalty to our justice and the American people.  I have so much respect for Comey and our great FBI and hope the FBI continues to live by his legacy and independence from the chaos of our current political environment and poor leadership. Kudos to you Comey and I hope to read another book from you in the near future!
 Very interesting book - current events and past history of events that are taking place currently and in the recent past.
 My only quibble with this book is Mr. Comey repeatedly telling us what a great boss he's been in various jobs over the years.  If you think this book is primarily about his time as FBI Director and his dealing with Trump, you'd  be mistaken.  It's his autobiography.
 I couldn't put the book down.  Mr. Comey is pure class. The love he has for his family and country are insurmountable. I laughed and cried. I've always been fascinated with the FBI, his book gave me a better understanding of it.
 I did like the book but for the leadership skills it seems to talk about.  I did not buy it for political reasons, but to see if the inner workings of the government does sustain some real leadership.
 James Comey is an amazing storyteller.  You have to listen to this man explain his narrative  - so much better than reading it!
 I wanted to read James Comey's words for myself rather than rely on others, especially the media people, to tell me what it said. There was a great deal of detail from behind the scenes to more fully explain what happened in a wide variety of areas. I appreciated how much he talked about his family. I could tell he valued each of his family members. For me, this is very important.
 I was impressed with Mr. Comey's honesty about his personal flaws, about actions in his past he is not proud of but that he learned and grew from and feel the book was well worth reading and I learned more about how our Justice System and our FBI actually work.
 Mixed emotions about the book, it's content and it's author.  Recommend that you read it if you care about what's going on in our world, but don't take the contents as pure gospel but more as one man's view of his part and time in world events.
 I found Comey's book to be quite illuminating and convincing. He spends much of the book citing innumerable examples of the kinds of leadership that molded him in his early days, as well as what makes for an ineffective leader. He explains the Hillary email server controversy in a way that makes perfect sense. He was in a no-win situation and chose the best of a series of horrible decisions and chose to take the heat for these decisions to protect the FBI in the eyes if the American people.<br/><br/>I have met too many people who have dismissed Comey as an ego-driven man, but whike he does admit to struggling with his ego, I came away from this book admiring him for his assessment of his actions. His explanations are not apologies, but cogent arguments backing up his decisions.<br/><br/>I think this book will be seen as a must-read long after the current (Trump) administration is long gone from Washington D.C.
 Mr. Comey has taken some heat over this book but I found it extremely interesting and revealing. The reader gets to know a little about the man himself and I for one feel that he is an honest, good man trying to do his best in a tough situation.
 I thought this book was well written and gave a very good account of his background and viewpoint on issues. I was interested in his opinion on Trump but thought that his background in New York and the Bush and Obama administrations were probably the best chapters.
 Good read and it explained a lot of inner workings of FBI.  But the action of Trump firing Comey was a rather short section at the end of the book. I bought the book to find out more details about the firing.
 I believe Mr. Comey is a good Christian man.  Thought the book answered a lot of questions for me.  I've passed it on to a good friend to read.
 Although I haven't finished the book yet, the writing is clear and engaging. Find that it makes Comey seem more human and understandable. He tells his life story, upbringing and career development in a very interesting manner.
 I found this book to be very interesting. It gives insight on what really is going on. A bit startling.
 Omg, this book was amazing. I'm also not convinced with the recent Republican Congress ruling regarding Comey. This administration wants to blame everyone else and never wants to admit blame. If we aren't careful, the US will end up like North Korea or Russia.
 An honest portrayal of Comey and his life. Very well written. I do believe he made a (probably honest) mistake in his treatment of the Clinton e-mails that helped get Trump elected.  Trump clearly does not appreciate the irony in his opinion of Comey.
 Excellently written and most informative by the man most of America has great respect for, notwithstanding his firing by the ass we now have in the White House.
 Entertaining book that gives one an insight into Mr. Comey's thinking and background. Most of it is NOT about Trump, and this was refreshing. I recommend getting the audio version because I feel that one gets more of a feeling for Mr. Comey and his motivation. It holds your interest and I recommend it.
 A little boring and Comey ( I think) can be a little strange. But I do believe whether you agree with him or not on some of his decisions this man is telling the truth. To establish his character and truthfulness made this worth reading.
 This is a well written book by a man who gave great service to our country and then was fired by our president with neither appreciation or reason.  I would rather be in his shoes than in those of our current president if facing our Lord at death........
 This book was a good read from someone’s perspective who has known Trump and reveals him for what he is.
 We need to pay attention to what is in this book.
 I found Comey to be honest, forthright, candid and very believable unlike the subject of his book.  The book needed to be written.
 Very insightful and shocking publication. Enjoyable - no. Alarming is more appropriate.
 I read it from cover to cover, the man honestly took pride in doing a good job.  It was well written and wasnt at all back stabbing . It was his life story to date and a journey thru the quagmire the media created.
 Comey is definitely a boy scout. I suppose that's what an FBI Director should be. But it's a fast and refreshing read in this day and age. It was clearly written as a defense/rationalization of some of his actions and it did the job for me.
 James Comey has written an important accounting of his career and service before and during the Trump Administration.  I disagreed with his handling of the Clinton email events, but this is an incredibly important insight into the sorry behaviour of Donald Trump.
 This was one of the best books that I have read in a long time.  I found the narrative captivating and could identify with some of the scenarios from my past work life.  If you believe in the truth and loyalty to country and your fellow citizens, this book is for you.
 Everyone should read this book to learn about  what it means to stay a free democratic nation and truthfullness
 An insight into the heroes, examples good and bad, teachers, and friends that contributed to the man Jim Comey became.  Whether you agree with him or not, this is an engrossing look into our times, and what is becoming our history.
 Reads like a novel, but alas, it is not fiction.<br/>I had no opinion of Mr. Comey prior to this book, but came away greatly respecting his professed Higher Loyalty..... In a town where, quite often, ego trump ethics. (Pun unitended)
 I enjoyed reading this book.... it gave you Insight  into a man with character, who devoted his life to  keeping us safe and secure!
 Well written honest description of an impossible mission" while Comey try to explain why a week before the election he publicly announce the reopening of Hillary's investigation his explanation why he withheld the information about trump's Russia investigation is weak and does not conform to his stated beliefs. And thus Hillary and america were trumped
 Excellent book.  Well written.  A must read even if your view point different from author.
 This book gives us insight and first hand knowledge of the leadership and workings of Washington across several administrations.  Whether you have liked Jim Comey or not, it's interesting and informative.  It's very much worth reading.
 boy did this ever answer a  LOT of questions!  very clearly written and to the point.  I am a new fan of Comey's.
 The way Comey introduced himself in the beginning was a brave disclosure - have not finished the book yet......
 Good Read. Although James Comey tried to rationalize his actions as always being rational, they sometimes came off more defensive. Good insight into workings of FBI in relation to other Government Departments! Very well written. Would recommend to young people as a way to serve our Country other than Military or Politics!
 Interesting book left me with a lot of questions.
 Mr. Comey's personal story is inspiring. Mr. Comey to me represents the highest standards in federal law enforcement and personal integrity.
 Incredibly readable and an honest, informative and alarming story about our very unstable president and his ongoing efforts to politicize the institutions that should be independent and which keep our country a democracy and our laws applicable to all!
 This well written and enlightening book should be required reading for every high school and college student.
 Absolutely loved the book.  I enjoyed his narrative, and that it was not all political.  A great book on leadership.
 There wasn’t much that hadn’t already been reported, but getting the information first hand from someone who was there was a valuable reinforcement.  I must say I share the concerns he has raised.  In fact concern isn’t a strong enough word.
 Not only did he discuss the outrageous state of country under a crazy lunatic but takes you back to some very interesting information in his past that has nothing to do with Donald (George III) Trump
 This book is excellent! It takes you behind the scenes of the up and coming FBI Director and through his experience in that role.  If you ever wanted to be a fly on the wall, and in the armored security vehicles, and on the secure planes, this is your book. It is superbly written, reads like a novel, and speaks the truth.
 Comey was not my favorite person, but I wanted to hear all sides.  This man is the best author I have read in a long time... it's what he should be doing, excellent writer!  It has also allowed me to see another side to the story.  Very happy I ordered/read it.
 I found Mr Comey to be truthful, honorable and trying to do the best he could with a very difficult situation. His writing style was clear, organized and easy to understand. When I read a book and am disappointed that it's over, then I know it was a good/great book. That's how i felt when I had completed this book!
 The book was well written and informative. I give it a definite thumbs up.
 This book is written by an honest man who was placed in a no win situation.  Thanks to Trump, the FBI has been made weaker by his firing of James Comey.
 This book laid out a clear, well-stated case for the author's background and thought process throughout his career, as well as through the embarrassment of the early Trump regime.
 While some have referred to James Comey as sanctimonious, I found his account to be informative and inspiring. His long career and experiences have uniquely qualified him to tell this story. Personally I was furious about how he handled the Clinton email investigation. While I still disagree with his actions, as I read his story, I came to understand what drives this man. James Comey lives his values to the best of his ability every day. We need more honesty, integrity, and good intentions in this world.
 Comey presents his story factually and in a clear comprehensive manner.<br/><br/>His decision making, his anguish, his moral viewpoints are shared with is, and are compelling as a historical brief on this turbulent time period.
 Well written and an easy read.  It is not really a "tell-all" book as TV media hypes, but more of a self-serving  memoir of Comey's  youth and career.  My final impression:  this is an honest, patriotic man with a couple of fatal flaws.
 fascinating insight into the FBI career path, interesting legal situations, history of questionable calls by the GW Bush administration and the legal position.  Written by a Republican who served both parties, it's fascinating.
 Book was wonderfully written and kept my attention all the way thru. Very Good! Comey IS my homey now too!
 Everyone should read this. Comey doesn't grind axes. He has an ethical point of view that he speaks to and he presents his observations in this context.  If you long for leadership with a moral compass read this.
 The book is very interesting, and it really shows how far this politics game has gone, sometimes it actually made me sick reading it. However, it really bothered me how the author, during the whole book, describes himself as perfectly moraly correct, and all his actions and doings as perfect.
 This was very good and easy to gey through. Great writing. I am a fan of this guy he had some tough decisions, might not have made the right ones all the time, but I feel he is a good man. Might have helped put the Idiot in Chief in office which in the end was his death.
 I met James Comey in a few large-group meetings while he was director of the FBI and found his straightforward presentations - and his powerful listening skills - compelling.  I was shocked by his firing and was anxious to get his book to read his side of the story.  Believe me, the book is about far more than that!  He writes honestly about his life lessons, from childhood through several various positions in public service.  He presents challenges to his readers, all the while being eminently readable.  I can see this being assigned to college and university ethics and leadership classes. (Would that it be required reading for anyone entering public service!)  Mr. Comey says he will not run for public office - our loss!  But he plans to teach at the university level - reaching a new generation that will benefit from his vision of leadership.  I look forward to his future writings.
 Jim Comey is a great writer. I read this book because if people on "both sides" are angry at you, then you must be doing something right. And, he is doing something right. Even if you disliked his decisions, you can't help but respect them.The world needs more of people like Jim, not less.
 A very well-written book full of information.  I hope to see other books written by James Comey.  I would read anything he penned.
 This is a great book about what it takes to be an effective leader.  It's not a tell all book, although there are some definite insights into Bush, Obama, and Trump.  Well worth reading.
 This book shows readers Comey's leadership style in a very clear way. It gave me insight into the man that changed my opinion of him, of his ways, of what he did prior to his firing. I wish all leaders had his integrity. The book is well written and easy to read. Highly recommended.
 A well thought out book about leadership &amp; the search for a higher sense of being from a devoted public servant.
 Reading it now and like that it's got a lot of information about his life from a young age and not all about politics, its easy to read and very interesting!
 I chose to purchase this book because in the much publicized discourse between Comey and Trump, Comey comes out as the truth teller and Trump the liar and I wanted to read all the facts.  I found the book to be extremely well written and well organized.  I've always believed Comey o be an honorable and dedicated public servant and the book supports that belief.  I would certainly recommend it to anyone interested in knowing the facts.
 I had met James Comey a couple of years before Trump was elected and I was mightily impressed by his countenance. He carried himself professionally but was warm and approachable. This book lays bare the structure that holds up this man’s character and integrity, even under what most of us would call fairly intense and dire circumstances. I know a lot more about what went on behind the scenes for insider politics in Washington. I. Just more surprised now that anyone comes away unscathed,
 Very interesting look at how telling and finding the truth behind a matter is not an easy task.<br/>Comey was placed in a few Very Uncomfortable situations where finding and telling the truth was not a popular idea.<br/>This book gives some insight into the philosophy behind some of our most important government agencies and what it takes to make them work.
 I enjoyed reading the book and came away feeling that Mr. Comey was a very honest man... that cares deeply about the law and his country.​
 The descriptions of his meetings with the President are riveting, frightening, and the heart of the book. I believe that he tells the truth.
 Clear and well-written.  For those who say it sounds sanctimonious, that's what Eagle Scouts sound like.  This is a guy who believes in the value of government and the need for government to be restrained even with a straight-up pursuit of law-and-order.  That means you follow the book, not just do whatever you like.  Folks like Comey are true patriots, they dedicate their careers to making America the great place it is - by standing for principles.
 I wish e d to read the truth, James Comey is very believable and shows the difficulty  of an agency being independent from politics, trying to do there job. There is nothing simple in the world of the FBI and unless you can walk in their shoes we can not fully understand the directors job.
 Extremely interesting book.  Everyone thinks they know what went on, but no one really does know the story behind the headlines.  Getting into Comey’s head &amp; gearing, in his own words, exactly what he was thinking when he took the actions he did, is incredibly interesting.  At least if you love history.
 Like all autobiographies it is to some extent self-serving.  However there is much interesting material, and it is a good  argument for the  honesty and devotion of the justice department and the FBI.
 Great read. Integrity reigns and this man has it unlike our current POTUS.
 My husband and I both read Comey’s book.  We loved the book and especially James Comey!!  We are both liberal Democrats and voted for Hillary.  We were upset at him before the election but after reading his book understand why he made the decisions he made..  Comey and Mueller are of our generation and we have tremendous respect for their honesty, true committment to the rule of law, and service to our country.  Both men are superior leaders that could have made more money in the private sectors of their professions.  Thank you, Mr. Comey,  for your honorable service to our country and for writing this book!  You should still be the director of the FBI.  Under better leadership you would be.  Live your best life going forward with your lovely family.
 Excellent read. Kept my attention, and I normally read fiction. Explained well why FBI takes so long to come to conclusions.  Recommend to all readers, regardless of political beliefs. Comey for President!
 Just finished reading this book and felt that I need to leave a review. The book is very well written containing stories from James Comey. His story telling is very captivating and it kept me glued to the pages. Being able to peer into the days in a life of a FBI director is definitely something worth experiencing. That, and along with seeing what the author sees as a great leader. A must read!
 This book should be required reading for anyone who cares about the country and wants to understand who James Comey is and his role in Trump’s bizarre role as reality show wanna be President.
 Too bad the people who need to read this book never will. It's like "preaching to the choir".
 Very enlightening. A wider look at how the many levels of government work. Very well written.
 Still reading it, but so far I am enjoying it very much.  The book points out how Mr. Comey has been shown to be an honest &amp; highly principaled man...the kind this country needs as a leader, although he is bi-partisan.  He seems to be a man of high integrity.  Can't wait to finish..
 It was fascinating to learn more about the backdrop of the Clinton email investigation and why Comey made the choices he did. I was struck by his sense of honor and integrity.
 I thought James Comey went into depth trying to explain his point of view. There were several places when it bogged down with too much detail, but he persuaded the reader why he took the actions he did. The one thing I was unable to understand is why he didn’t pursue Donald Trump the same way he did Clinton. The book left me with some unanswered questions
 Everyone who cares about this country should read this book. Thank you for bringing the truth to the light<br/>Thank you James Comey you did not deserve the way that you were treated<br/>I think you would make a good president !
 I’m very impressed with this book. I didn’t expect to enjoy it. Instead, it was a great read and I learned a lot about how national security agencies should be operated.
 First of all, I am not into autobiography book. This is my very first time. This book is not about Donald Trump at all. Read before you judge. Since, I saw JC on tv appearing before the senate. I saw something in him, sincerity. I believe in you Mr Comey. Keep up the good work, you can still do a lot of good things being a private citizen. Don't let HiM bully you.. you are better than him, way better.. I thank u for writing this book. I've learned a lot about government and mafia. More power to you.
 A true and lasting Republic, a true and lasting Democracy requires Truth and a Higher Loyalty.<br/><br/>This book provides a precious gift which is so desperately needed and absolutely necessary to truly protect the U.S.A. and who we are from a political implosion<br/><br/>Mr. Comey writes with a profoundly candid openness coupled with honesty; in recent politics, a quality, that seems to be a rare, like a distant memory...and...yet...because of men and women in public service, within their love of country and what we are as a democracy, have proven and given their commitment daily, sometimes by making the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom to be free, really free<br/><br/>Mr. Comey, I believe without knowing, challenges each of us, every reader, and beyond this reader, to hold onto with vigor and truth a patriotic optimism, which is long standing, while understanding that the greatest lessons in life, the ones that truly impact us, and make us better as a people and as a nation, are not usually learned or remembered without some pain<br/><br/>Let us also not forget, ever, that it is the tolerant understanding, the acceptance of our differences, that gives us a compassion for all humanity and ultimately a sustainable future for all the world
 I really liked this book. I felt James Comey was a super intelligent man. The reason I didn't give it five stars is that there is some conflicting stories about what he did. I believe him.  Many don't.
 I found this an excellent, very well written book. Even though I do not agree with all of James Comey’s decisions, I feel that he is a very moral, ethical man who is dedicated to our Democracy. This book was a guide to good leadership.
 No matter your political views, you should read this book. Decide for yourself if you believe Comey or not, but realize that truth does matter. Lies do matter. And good leadership comes from doing the right thing no matter how popular.
 I don't agree with all his decisions but I respect his loyalty.  He got a raw deal getting fired by tweet and he was kind about it.  It was interesting to read his side of things!
 Very interesting and well written.  Feels like you're getting to know someone.  Doesn't feel political!!  I didn't want a political diraid and it wasn't.  Mr. Comey shares a bit of humor about himself and some soul searching.  We both enjoyed the book.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I believed that it was honestly written and an insightful look at the state of affairs in Washington. I recommend it highly.
 This was a very refreshing contrast to the articulations of the current president and a reminder that all in higher office need to be driven by humility, emotional intelligence, and, above all else, honesty and integrity.  Highly illuminating.
 At a time when many citizens believe integrity to be in short supply, Comey's book demonstrates that it is alive and well.<br/><br/>It's surprising to me that the early critiques of the book didn't note that; I think they were too focused on Comey's few keen observations of Trump's physical characteristics to notice.  For me, his integrity is much more noteworthy.
 Humbling, illuminating, sincere and truly informative. As someone who has no interest in politics and very little insight into the world of law enforcement, I am so glad I read this book. Thanks Dir. Comey for your service and moral leadership.
 Very interesting book; I was a little surprised that there wasn't more about the current administration, but an approachable and enjoyable read even for someone who's not well-versed in politics.
 This is a must read book, informative, and  well written by a dedicated public servant. It's on my bookshelf next to Profiles in Courage  Kennedy], Worthy Fights  Panetta], and Make Your Bed  McRaven].
 Comey writes an interesting story. Very insightful and believable.  Being an avowed progressive liberal, my political views run different than Mr Comey. However his book is non partisan and helpful in this current political circus.
 Five stars because it's a good book with a lot of important information. However, Comey made several big mistakes: He should have stayed silent. In this book, he is trying to convince us that he had to speak. His too big ego is a large part of the problem. Anyway, a good read. You will also learn about the human nature...<br/><br/>I have not read my Kindle version of it. I listened to the audio version read by Comey himself. He did a good job as the reader.
 I really like this guy.  Very honest.  Painfully detailed oriented.
 A straight shooting of the account of Jim Comey's life.  I'm convinced that his rendition of things that have been reported about antics in and around the White House is factual.  The loss of Mr. Comey as a public servant was politics... not justice.
 But worth the read.  He does come across as too much of an Eagle Scout. I’m sure the were many investigations he was involved in where the fine line he thinks he never crossed was tested and came up short. However there is no fine line between truth reality and lies. Thanks
 This book takes us through James Comey's life and introduces us to those people an experiences that shaped his becoming a man of integrity and a man committed to the law. We come to understand our power to help shape the lives of those with whom we have relationships. He gives us greater clarity into what was happening in the administration in those early months, and the reasoning behind his choices. Whether or not you agree with James Comey's choices, people of all political persuasions should read this book.
 very interesting insight and james comey's perspective of his world.  I like the book.  A nice addition to my library collection.
 Thanks to the author - a great book - the FBI rocks!
 If you have ever read Former Director Comey's tweets, you would know what an excellent writer he is.<br/><br/>This is the best tRUMP catastrophe book that I have read.<br/><br/>Oh how I yearn for an end to this era.
 Interesting book. It's not all about Trump like everyone portrayed.  There is some mention of Trump but he certainly didn't write a book about Trump.  The book is actually about James Comey and his life from childhood to Director of FBI and the people he met and worked with along the way.
 What a good man James Comey is!  We need more people of integrity (like him) running the country, instead of what we have.  Thoroughly good read - tutorial in places, exciting in places and overall vindication of his actions!
 Many questions were answered in this book. It's a go-behind-the-scenes look at a dysfunctional presidency and the role of the FBI.
 It's a tragedy one of the few decent, moral persons in gov't who sought what was the 'right moral thing'  for an entire career has been denigrated, ridiculed and had his character impugned by such an indecent man whose contrasted career is a history of deceit, dishonesty, immoral behavior, lacking integrity, and no trace of this kind of character.  Seemingly we're in the days where evil trumps good. Sad to be in the cult of personality
 There is a level of introspective thought that James Comey has about all things going on around him and with him.  The attention to detail seems like a trait of being an agent.
 Comey has high moral standards and this comes across in the book.  I appreciated the back story of his family and his important work with the FBI.
 Comey's views on leadership track with much of the literature available which focuses more directly on that topic.  It's interesting to consider those principles in the context of the executive branch, especially spanning different administrations.
 When I chose to read this book, I thought one thing about James Comey: he was the guy who fanned the flames and helped destroy Hillary Clinton’s bid for president. In reading this, and what, at times seemed to be an exhaustive self-defense of that action, I am still not convinced Comey needed to publicize anything to the world about his investigations into Hillary, either a few months prior, or the week before the election. If anything, with the repetitive defensive posturing about it, it came across as something that was done to save his own *ss or substantiate his actions. Regardless, I still feel it was a foolish mistake to *not* conduct the investigation in a clandestine fashion from start to finish (clandestine ops is what the FBI is *known* for!). In fact, as I read through that part of the book, I was sickened and infuriated all over again. That said, the book was very interesting and offered a provocative snapshot into some behind the scenes of D.C. and some context for stories every thinking, caring citizen heard or read about in the news during that time. I also found the book to validate my beliefs about our current president, although I’m not certain whether Comey was able to validate these thoughts for me as the result of a personal vendetta against the president, for not only firing, but humiliating him. In the end, I recommend this book for anyone brave enough to relive the 2016 election, aftermath, and launch of the special counsel helmed by Robert Mueller all over again... it will certainly deliver a unique perspective for you.
 Comey's style of writing made for a very easy read.  The book indicated a normal lifestyle for the author, one of honesty and truthfulness. And, how he worked and handled someone whose lifestyle was the antithesis.  Interesting book.
 There is a reason it is selling well.  This is an all American easy read!
 Great opinion book that I mostly agree with.  The heart of the matter is not what is just in the book, it is that you don't have to read it to know that Donald Trump is the consummate liar.  He truly is one of the greatest Snake Oil Salesmen of all time.
 Worth getting another side or perspective, however subjective from someone living in these odd social and political times... ends on an optimistic note for us all...
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book. I appreciated Comeys frankness and insight into the chaos that currently exists in the White House. His dissection of what the word loyalty means was refreshing.
 While Mr. Comey seems to be self-promoting sometimes it's accurate and in retrospect alot has come to light since the book that reinforces what is said in the book.
 I'm still reading it but what I've read so far is very interesting.
 Comey paints a revealing portrait of the slime currently residing at 1600 Pennsylvania avenue.  Hopefully we'll get some cleaning up from the House.
 I was prepared to dislike this book. My impression from the commentary I had heard prior to release of the book was that in it Director Comey would seek to justify his role and importance in the Hillary Clinton and Trump cases.<br/>Instead, I found an extremely interesting book written by a very decent man who faced difficult decisiones and sought to protect his agency and the rule of law. Some of the most interesting parts of the book are at the beginning where Comey describes his childhood and early career. The latter part makes a convincing case for the fact that, faced with a choice between a bad and a catastrophic choice Comey, made the best (and honorable) choice.
 Very interesting history of Comey, can be humble, which I appreciate.  He can also be a little self-serving, but I think he vindicates himself over the whole Trump debacle.  Also makes you think.
 On the plus side it was a fast read. However, it is very self-serving. Mr Comey is the hero of every story.
 I really enjoyed this book! It gave me a better understanding of what James Comey was dealing with when dealing with Trump and how he had to be very careful in how he dealt with him!
 Educational. Tells the way government works and who FBI reports to. How the president gets information.
 Very well written.  I've never had an interest in most non-fiction, let alone about public service or political topics, but I found this book very hard to put down.  This was a fascinating insight into the inner workings of our FBI and its interaction with the executive branch.
 As a student and teacher of history, and government, this stands a unique primary source that successfully details a singular legal and personal perspective of three executive administrations, culminating in the most volatile administration since Watergate. Viewed as a primary source it stands as an invaluable source for study of elements within the Trump administration, and divergent leadership models.
 This book is interesting and gives some more insight into what was happening versus what was "reported" or discussed by press and so called "experts" from left and right.
 James Comey should be President
 Director Comey was all about Diversity and Good Leadership
 I thought this book would be boring, but was pleasantly surprised. I now have a better understanding of the workings of our justice department. I also now know the why for the needed distance between justice and the President.  Recommend this book.
 Wanted to read his point of view.
 Comey details a solid background of moving up through the legal profession.  His nose to the grindstone hard work to do the right thing endears the reader to believe him.  When it comes to who is telling the truth, I certainly is not the slime ball in chief.  History will show the house of cards will fall when a White House is founded on lies and deception.
 I liked reading about his life.
 I struggled with the star rating for this book.  I was anxious to read it and had a basically positive impression of James Comey before I read it.<br/>The writing is definitely 5 star.  It is clearly written and easy to read and follow.  It also shows a lot of Comey’s inherent biases, especially toward women.  He spends so much time telling us how moral he is and how he hates lying, that I found it hard to believe.  It is like he is trying to convince us he is rather than being these qualities.<br/>Beyond that is where I had the problem because I think both writing and content should be represented by the star rating.  I immediately got the impression Mr. Comey is trying to justify his actions at every turn and avoid responsibility.  I was also troubled by the portrayal of the women in this book.  I understand this is his story, but it is so self-centered and lacking in insight that I struggled through it at times because I could not take any more of how good he thinks he is.<br/>He goes into a long explanation of the case against Martha Stewart.  They could not indict her on any wrong doing but there was circumstantial evidence she lied to the FBI.  He justifies the case against her by equating it to a case where a man actually participated in a crime and lied.  What about equating her to a man who had not participated in a crime and lied, would they have pursued him with such vigor?  Not to mention cost to the American taxpayer.<br/>A large portion of the book is centered on Hillary Clinton’s e-mails.  Again, investigators could not find any evidence of wrong doing but he seemed bound and determined to prove she had lied.  The number of sentences he uses with the words “Hillary Clinton” and “lie” is ridiculous.  There was no evidence that she lied which seems to disappoint him and he still tanked her presidential campaign and says he would do it again, showing he learned nothing.  He had been told about the Weiner laptop a month before he decided to make a public announcement about it right in the critical last days of the election cycle.<br/>He cast aspersions on both Sally Yates and Loretta Lynch which seemed completely uncalled for.  Surely there were men he thought were criminals or liars or that he should circumvent the Justice Department about and other prominent cases that could be discussed but he seems to only be concerned with women.<br/>While he justifies telling the world that they were reopening the investigation of Hillary Clinton, he did not think it necessary to tell the public they had evidence that Russia was trying to undermine our elections or that the Trump campaign was being investigated.  While I can understand the latter, I do not understand the former.  By his own examples earlier in the book and his justification for throwing Clinton under the bus, it certainly seems Russia was a bigger threat and a better reason to speak directly to the American people and side-step the Justice Department conventions and regulations.<br/>He tells us how much experience he has with the criminal element but he does not seem to be a very good judge of character based upon the way he approached and dealt with Donald Trump.  He says Donald Trump is a threat to our democracy but says we are all responsible for his election.  Considering what he says he knew before the election and how he acted, he takes no responsibility for the outcome of the election he knowingly influenced.<br/>My positive impression of the man definitely changed.  I wonder how he ever became head of the FBI considering his questionable judgement of both character and actions.
 Well written and believable account of what happened.
 I really enjoyed reading this, but there are so many perspectives on Clinton and Trump, it's hard to know what to make of it all. I highly recommend it,  but as always with memoirs, tread carefully.
 This was one of the most honest and forthright books that I recall reading in a long time. The truth will correct this mad and corrupt mobster/ president and history will remember this for many years. It’s not about party, it’s about truth and the common good of Americans. Mr Comey, thank you. You have my respect.
 I find him credible and although maybe a little bit self righteous I believe he is an honest person.  I believe what he has asserted and I believe that he is diligent in his weighing of decisions.  I really liked hearing his perspective.
 Mr. Comey does a great job of providing an introductory education on the basic workings of the various government departments, before, he explains his role in recent history. The background is important in understanding the gravity of the current state of our federal government, regardless of political affiliation. Anyone in law or management could appreciate Mr. Comey's insight and leadership experience.
 Excellent. Leaves you with a sense of hope that there are some few people up there that give a damn about the country even thought they all keep getting fired.
 The book did not change my mind about Comey's meddling in the 2016 election. That said, there is little doubt that he is an honorable person. There is also some great insight into mob operations and the similarity to the current administration.
 A book with well selected examples of positive and negative leadership from the life of Director Comey. Guess which type of example President Trump is presented as ...
 I really liked this book. It sometimes gets a little bogged down in personal observations, but overall is very interesting! And even as s life long Republican, I will still say Jm Comey has more integrity in his little finger than Trump &amp; a large percentage of the GOP all put together! Honesty should count!
 I binge read this in one day. It was a very interesting read and only had about one chapter about the most recent president and current events which was not what the media previewed.
 It was a very interesting read and gave me a great deal of insight into his thought process. Although I enjoyed reading it, I have to say, OMG-what an absolute narcissist he is!
 I love his loyalty for his country and the rule of law.
 I am very glad I read this, to get another side of the story.  Comey's writing style is fluid and conversational making this a very good read. Whichever political side you might be,  this is a good look behind the curtain.
 This book is surprisingly well-written for an auto-biography and provides many eye-opening first-hand, insider accounts of headline events going back to the (Bill) Clinton administration.  I hope many people read this book.
 He is a very pious man.  On purpose, or accidentally, he is responsible for the devil being elected president.  He is wrong feeling he is not the culprit.  The book was well written, but b someone I have zero respect for.
 I learned much from reading this account.  It seems like an important point of view to hear and written in an authentic voice without political wrangling.
 This review is of the book, not the actions of Comey in the weeks and months before the election (for which he deserves 1 star).<br/><br/>Most of this book deserves 4 stars. It is well written and lays out Comey's vision clearly.<br/><br/>The man and his actions in the weeks and months leading to the election of the 45th President of the USA deserves all the condemnation he gets. The attack on one candidate - to the benefit of the other - had an impact on the result of the election and is something that will never be forgotten. Unfortunately, the book does not deal sufficiently with his actions and the reasons (misogyny?, political pressure?) behind the decisions. For that dishonesty by omission, the book deserves 2 stars.
 Brilliantly written! Provides deep insight into the system &amp; provokes deep thinking into the role of leadership &amp; what steps should be taken to preserve/ensure leaders behave with honesty &amp; integrity &amp; how to hold our leaders to higher moral &amp; ethical standards.
 I read A Higher Loyalty because it was a pic by my book group. It is an interesting insight into a man who has led his life in public service in the most  honorable way. James Comey's remembrances of working with  people who now work in the White House are troubling in hind site. His loyalty to the rule of law is to be commended and it is what got him in the cross hairs of the current administration. Good book.
 What a descent human being that was politically terminated by a president that does not know his responsibility with regards to separation between himself and the FB I.  We are all in trouble with this president who is so not equipped to be our commander in chief!
 Outstanding patriot and leader who is also man enough to admit his flaws and mistakes. If I worked for him he'd get 100% of my effort and loyalty. Substantially better presidential material than the current POS loser.
 A valuable book for anyone who cares about our current toxic political environment---and who is interested in one very honest, if not always correct, public servant.
 Comey has made his mistakes but he is an honest man doing his best.
 I loved this book and I fell in love with Comey! A man of integtity and honor. Not perfect but doing all he can to come close.
 Until I finish a book I can't properly review it. Problems come with content. The pre-Trump sections I did like, though I thought his treatment on Hillary was incorrect.
 I liked that the author painted people in such a way that I could see them in my mind’s eye. I found it a little hard to follow the expected ethical rules of the upper leaders. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this novel it allowed me to complete my understanding of recent events especially about the FBI and DOJ. A very good read.
 Gave as a gift to my MIL. She really wanted to read but she doesn't do reviews. She said it was 5 stars though.
 Hear it straight from the author with his own voice.  Fascinating. This is an important perspective on a major series of events in our history.
 Good read in these troubled times.
 Worth Reading. Comey is a patriot; probably honest to a fault. Made a mistake regarding HRC's emails disclosure prior to the election of 2018
 This book was a good read, very interesting inner workings of our dysfunctional government.  The author is very self-serving...
 Well written, logical book that should be read for its insightful analysis of ethical leadership. His writing has made me respect him as a person of great integrity and courage.
 I thought it was a very interesting read.  Comey has led an interesting life and enjoyed reading and understanding the backstory, from his perspective, on the events that have changed our world.
 I really enjoyed this book. I've always voted, but now I'm recruiting voters to get out and vote and non voters to register and vote.
 great read very informative
 It was pretty cool learning how some tense moments in history played out from the inside.<br/><br/>In some spots it a bit much about how great a job he did. But he did write the book :0)
 It's fine. Tells you stuff you probably already knew. A little insight into Bush Jr. and Obama. Kind of feels like a cash grab from Comey after he helped get Trump elected.
 While the book is political in parts,it’s more about leadership and what it means to be a leader yesterday, today and tomorrow.
 LOVE THIS BOOK!  Great read or listen.  Audio is read by him and very masterfully.
 An interesting and important read for every citizen who cares about our country and the values which have sustained our democracy and underlining principles..preserving and protecting the integrity of our government and ethical leadership.
 The man's a genius.  He weaves in personal and professional stories that are eye opening.  I was upset with him during the election. Not any more.
 Very interesting book, it follows James Comey's career,  until his Director post with the FBI.  I found him to be, above all an honest man.  His thoughts and work history prove that.
 I came away with a greater sense of respect for Mr. Comey.  He tried to rise above politics in order to seek the truth.  He also values the people he works with.  Honestly I would like to meet him and buy him beer!
 This is a very good read. Very easy to follow because it is well written and thought out. Comey was unfairly treated by the would-be president.
 Great book.  Clarified a lot of misinformation re: his background.  He has some great observations on leadership that I plan on taking with me into the workforce.
 I found this book to be more interesting than I thought it would be.
 I appreciated the personal background growing up to put a face on Mr. Comey.  The background of the workings of government was spellbinding.
 When there are so many lie's being spread from people that are supposed to be telling the truth, it  is a relief that one will tell the truth.
 After the last election i thought i would never want to pick up this book.  It was really insightful and gave me a lot of respect for James Comey.  I understand now why he did what he did.
 It is a good read, but would not say it shines any profound light on the current president. I enjoyed it more for the ethics he has.
 This book gives me hope that there are still honorable men and leaders in the United States. Comey has an amazing history as a U.S. Attorney, Deputy Attorney General, and FBI Director. He inspired the people who reported to him and helped them find meaning and joy in their work. I can see why Trump is afraid of this book. Comey is a leader who does not need to ask for loyalty -- Comey earns it through his conduct and guidance. I did not agree with how Comey handled the Clinton email investigation, and at the time I was very upset about the entire thing. But I understand now that it was a decision made by a team at the FBI based on an impossible decision to speak or conceal. I am not sure what I would have done if I was in that situation (very unlikely) -- but I know that I would have erred on the side of setting the record straight.
 A loyal faithful man to his duties and country a shame he was fired by a spiteful unknowledgeable person whose time is running out.
 I learn much of the real, honest course of events that James Comey reveled in his book. I have absolute belief in his accounting as truthful as opposed to anything well recognized liar Trump or his spin team have to say. James Comey will have his day.
 I haven't read all through this book yet, but I want to know what Mr. Comey has to say and I wanted to have it for "history's" sake!
 I learned so much reading this book.  It is interesting, educational, and inspiring.  I wanted to read it because I like James Comey and I believe that his actions were done from a deep sense of integrity and thoughtful consideration, and consequently I wanted to understand what his thought process was.  This book is much more than the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails.  It is the story of a life long career in government service and the law.  He is an entertaining writer and I enjoyed the book very much. Reading it has also given me hope that there are good people with integrity working in government and public service.  I often feel beleaguered with everything that is going on in our public discourse right now and I was so heartened after reading this book.
 Enjoyable and informative read. It made me like and respect him, his honesty and integrity. It reminds me of a quote attributed to Abraham Lincoln: If you don't like a man, get to know him better.
 Great book.  I am soooo glad he wrote it
 You get a real sense of James’ sense of devotion to the US and his core values and beliefs. No matter what you thought of the Clinton email scandal, I think James does well in explaining his predicament. I found the Trump chapters so fascinating that I ended up YouTubing every incident and saw it from a different perspective. A very easy read and addictive to anyone who loves US history and politics.
 It was an interesting read to me. Not just for the political side but the personal side. Made me look at the author in a different light &amp; actually see him as a person.
 A good story and a good read.  It helps to know the reason why of the things that happen.  It is also good to remember how things should be done.
 Insightful but who do you believe?? James does make many good points but without confirmation from another or two people, i.m just wondering who is telling the truth. Still something fishy here and I think both parties are full of BS and probably James as well. But only time will tell when historians can weed through all the smoke and mirrors
 Insightful, informative and this man should be your next president!  Well written and provides much background to all that is going on in Washington today.
 Great writing and helps explain the trump gangster style.
 Coney gives us an inspired take on ethical leadership. He also gives us a revealing look at 3 presidencies that are all very different. This book gave me hope that with ethical leadership we can reclaim our democracy.
 One of the most inspiring books I have read in a long time. Fellow Eagle Scout James Comey is a true patriot for putting country over political party.
 Easy interesting read that is not all about Trump.
 Excellent book, very well written, very valuable insights on his life, his work in the FBI and the details of the recent presidential events and his treatment by the president.  Excellent purchase.
 AWSOME
 I felt like Mr. Comey was truthful in this entire book and very believable. It was well written and very interesting. I would recommend it.
 Something about Dir Comey's writing and messages that just conveys his honesty and integrity,  Reminds of what genuine leaders are and act like.  Book is well worth the effort to absorb from front to back,
 This is an excellent book!!!! It is well written. I like that it includes autobiographical information. He shows how his life evolved into his career with the book.
 Whether you like this guy or not...I believe him.
 Comey shares a very interesting account that deserves consideration. Ethical behavior should always be above politics. A thought provoking behavioral analysis of our President.
 The TRUTH written by an HONEST Man; NOT Many of those around ANYMORE!!..I know it pains him to do the interviews, he would have loved to STAY a PRIVATE Person, but you CANNOT do that with FRUMP!
 This is an honest book written by an honorable man. Please read it and vote that our national nightmare may end
 Really excellent for  clearing away the News "fog" and helps citizens to see the reasons we have the FBI and DOJ.<br/>Well written and quite inspiring - so much of current News just makes us more angry.
 His story is believable and he's human.
 A honest and dedicated man run over by a moron<br/>Excellent book. All Americans should read<br/>A real man tells of his life protecting all
 It was a “good read”! Very interesting and well written!
 Better than expected. The book is about leadership more than anything else, using personal life stories and professional experiences to show leadership challenges. Insights in political stories with an insider perspective is a bonus but someone with limited interest in US politics could enjoy reading this book.
 This was a great book.  I have the utmost respect for Mr. Comey and what he had to endure under the idiot 45
 Wow
 I thought this was a very good book I Usually don't read manybooks of this nature but Mr.Comey is a very good writer and kept the book very interesting with coverage of the many interesting aspects of the FBI.I truly enjoyed this book and would probably buy another one of his books in the future.
 I enjoyed Comey's nostalgia for the honorable government &amp; America of his formative years/youth but got increasingly bored as it went on. Sometimes it felt like someone just moving through the motions of a career that puzzled them (and us, too.)
 James Comey was honest in his assessments.  He acknowledges that it was his opinion of the situation.  The book was well written, and for the most part kept my attention.
 Invites into working government
 There was a lot of hype on this  book when it was released, mainly surrounding Comey's  (few) conversations with Trump and his subsequent firing.  However these events are only the smallest part of this interesting book which is basically a biography of Comey from his early life to date. I thought it tried to build in the mind of the reader a mental picture of Comey's character and make up, in a factual, unemotional way. In this regard I was left with a bland image of Comey and I though "okay, I can understand the type of person you are". At the same time however I also developed an empathy with him. The last chapter I found rather emotional, but I am a bit weird in that regard so doubt it will affect many readers that way.<br/><br/>The book is a "book of the moment" and  soon It will be a forgotten chapter in American history and just gather  dust on the shelves but whilst Trump is still a hot topic of conversation this book is worth a read although I doubt many of the 40% of Trump supporters will bother which is a pity if you are to have any chance of a balanced or informed point of  view.
 Interesting book but not marketed in it's true form . Yes Trump is mentioned towards the end of the book but this is the autobiography of James Comey and his role in the FBI. If you are interested in the life of James Comey, then this is the book for you.
 Excellent read of what shaped him into the man of integrity and professionalism he is....
 I actually really liked this book.  Well written, in fact at first like a novel.  Lots of details, plenty of love for country professed
 Gives great insight! I learned a lot from the author’s perspective and that has shed a lot of light 💡 on the day to day events with the 45 administration  Great job James Comey.
 This book describes how James Comey developed as a person, prosecutor and as the Director of the FBI.  Some may say that the book is one sided but it is a side all should read.  The reader will soon understand how the author developed as a person and how he made the decision he did—whether one likes those  decision or not.
 Comey's insight of his own career working at the FBI. To me a day a work the things an investigator deals with on a daily basis. It does raise some eyebrows.
 Thoughtful, insightful, honest, funny and at times tear jerking.  Too many negative reviews by people who did not even purchase the book, and likely didn't read it either.  I liked the author's style of writing, in which you follow him from childhood and gain insight into the experiences that shaped his path to the highest office of the FBI.  He certainly didn't get there by accident.  2 things that I admire most about this book: (1) it is a candid assessment of his own actions &amp; reactions during 2016 and after Trump took office, there is no vindictiveness or ego there, as some would have you believe.  He mentions Trump only to identify the characteristics of a person who is not a leader, and how a lack of morals &amp; decency can divide and seriously harm a country. (2) they way the author writes about his family, in particular his wife Patrice and the fight she took on after they lost their infant son, was truly inspiring. Comey has a remarkable, strong &amp; loving family, and he makes a point of giving them credit where credit is due.  Law enforcement in the U.S. has not been, nor will ever be completely destroyed by Trump no matter how hard he tries, however without a strong moral leader at the FBI like Jim Comey, it certainly appears to be substantially diminished.
 This is an informative book.  I was not surprised by anything that I read.  But, I still blame James Comey, for the Trump presidency.  I recommend this book.
 Even as Comey addressed a difficult subject, he did so with a gentle spirit. He has a lot that needs to be emphasized about good and effective leaders.
 There were sections that were very relevant, but the chapters about the Orange Groper were just an overt apology to our country.
 Very good! It’s on my nightstand and is read in spurts-
 Good book but I only wanted the meat, which didn't come until the last two chapters. I found it quite self-serving. The true bad guy is, of course Trump---guilty as sin, but Comey screwed up with the Hillary emails and actually caused her election's demise. Shame on Comey.
 I thought the book was very enjoyable.  Mr Comey seems honest and direct.  It was an easy read I couldn’t put down.
 Well written. I'm glad I read it.
 A fine book in all ways. It is well-written, gives a thorough history of Mr. Comey's career, and I now completely understand his actions in 2016. Highly, highly recommend.
 as advertised graet read
 I haven't read it yet because I'm backed up in my reading. I'm sure that it is a very telling account of this administrations efforts to deceive the American public.
 Very, very well written and a valuable history.
 James Comey describes a very interesting life. His personal excerpts from childhood  to adulthood are written with thoughtfulness and wisdom. His writing style is a narrative that is concise, explanatory and informational. However, it is far from dry. I really enjoyed this book.
 Good presentation of Comey's past experiences in government work and information about the influences on his life and his integrity.  I really was glad I bought it.
 It's a real American autobiography, not an over-rated sensational "tell-all" book. Not bad for a first time writer. Look forward to more books from Dir. Comey. I would like to get it on audio book too : ) Thank you for your service , sir!
 Well written. Recommend reading with an open mind.
 Great book, thanks God we have honorable men like Jim.
 Director Comey continues to impress me with his consistent efforts at maintaining integrity in the face of adversity and mediocrity.  His decisions, whether they are judged as right or wrong, are always made with the intention to uplift the professionalism and independence of the FBI.
 Very well told and  informative.<br/>One of the best, lost again to the Trump insanity. The former FBI director Comey doesn't hold back, he tells it like it is. The SS Trump is sinking fast and the rats in Congress are jumping ship.<br/>For the five months Comey was with Trump, he is a wealth of information.
 He could have shortened the personal historical info. Sure, he’s competent and ethical but it would be nice to know more about the Charlotte‘s Web the conservatives weave.
 Clear crisp prose. Great first effort. Found Comey believable. Perhaps misguided but honest. He tried to tell his story without embellishment leaving the door open for the reader to make up hid own mind.
 Sirs:<br/>I've found a new respect for the players of our government and it's dedicated some of our special people!!!
 Interesting well written book.Tell about Comeys experience s that led him to be the principled person he is.Not a book on Trump bashing.
 Really impactful and interesting read. There are two sides to every story, but I did not get any sense of bias or impartiality when reading this. I highly recommend it regardless of your political leanings.
 A book every American who keeps up with our our Nation,s Government should read.<br/>In contrast to what "others" in the government today tell us, it is apperant that<br/>James Comey HAS written the truth.
 I believe his story but he still handled Clinton investigation incorrectly.  Being fired by Trump shows how illegal our gov’t has become.
 I enjoyed reading this book, fast moving and no down time while reading James Comey's book, very enjoyable for me.
 I liked the detailed explanation of how the FBI does business. If I was a citizen of the US and was younger I would apply to be an agent.
 James Comey is a man with integrity and I believe he's told the truth about Trump and his regime.  Mr. Comey writes well, very easy to read and understand.
 Must read for all!
 excellent read from a man of truth.  my question to congress and the American people: where is your higher loyalty.  Trump is hypocritcal and unethical, plain and simple.
 Good details as to the responsibility of Mr Comey, and how well he handled it. Would recommend to all regardless of your political stance.
 great read
 awesome read. Very loyal to his profession.
 A review in Washington Lawyer magazine called this book "Comey's plea for understanding." As maligned as he was for his 11th hour notice of the additional Clinton emails he had a right to set the record straight. And he had no other choice – had he held that news until after the election and had Hillary won he would've been rightfully criticized by Trump and supporters.
 This was well written. You can't fake an honest personality. It's easy to see why Comey is so maddening to someone so completely dishonest like Trump.
 A good inside account of what REALLY happened. Not the lies that the dumpster fire presidency wants you to believe. I look forward to the regrowth after the fire as Comey describes in the epilogue.
 I wasn't sure what I thought about this until I read the book.<br/>This book was a lot better than I thought. It's a good read..
 Haven't finished the book as yet but I definitely feel that he is a very moral individual and the book is very well written with humorous notations.
 I read this book because I was dumbfounded by Comeys actions in regards to both, Clinton and Trump (more so re Clinton). I understand now better but not totally. I want to believe that he is an honest man with integrity. The only reason for not being 100% convinced is his perceived righteousness.<br/>Read the book anyways, you might feel differently.
 Lots of people are upset with Comey.  Personally I feel he oozes integrity, honesty, respect for America and her people.  This book is a great read!
 Nothing really new here if you listen to the news. Since the book came out, Comey doesn’t look quite as shiny as he did prior. OK read if you have nothing else to do.
 Eye opening book about the hidden side of the 2016 elections! Well written and thoughtful, I’d highly recommend! Please more books from Mr Comey!
 Although I don’t agree with all the decisions he made, I believe Comey made them with the best intentions. I appreciate loyalty to this country. He writes in a style that puts you in the room and helps you ‘see’ what he saw. The descriptions of how people looked and talked added a depth of believability to the book and did not seem petty as written.
 GREAT BOOK - THANK YOU
 Great read.
 Well written. The book is not about Trump. It about character and leadership.
 I am not finished yet, but rather interesting reading so far (50% there). But I belive what Comey has to say, I believe Him to be an open and honest HUMAN being, as we all are.
 Intriguing to hear Comey’s thought process as events unfolded! The book is well written and I was impressed by his relentless emphasis on maintaining the dignity and ethics of the FBI.
 A great volume that champions integrity and excellence in an era of Trumpian lunacy!
 Very informative eye opening book about the corruption within the Trump Administration.
 Well-written and interesting. I was a little skeptical that it might just be blasting the current administration, but it's not. Interesting stories about complicated jobs, told with some self-deprecating humor and reflection. Worth a read.
 Comey discusses his entire career.  There is very little on Trump, until the end.  While I disagree with Comey's behavior and language in the Hillary email saga, he does outline why he did what he did then and later.  He is a believable person who did what he thought best under the circumstances.
 Great book!
 James Comey is as straight as they come (typical FBI person). Mueller is the same way. Trust these people they will not let you down.
 This book clearly describe the state of this country, chaos, lack of leadership, and worst of all, undefined future and hopes
 Loved this book! Outstanding man. For many who are uncertain, read this book. It’s a ‘fast’ read, it’s so good.
 Well told story explaining what happened.  Went a little heavy on his childhood but that established his frame of thinking.
 If you are searching for the truth this book will lead you there.  Outstanding book by an hardworking, loyal American.  Thank you Mr. Comey!
 Easy read, great book!
 I enjoyed this book even though I am not a political person. It can get bogged down at times in some dry details with Mr. Comey's  personal beliefs and legal issues, but overall a very informative book of this current legal climate.
 Great insight into the qualities that make a good leader. Hope the author's predictions cone true. Easy to read book.
 Shows things about Trump and why the administration has so much turmoil and runs SOOOOOOOO poorly.
 I love this book because of all the facts I didn’t get from the news headlines. Now I know how Jamey’s Comey made the decisions he made driven by facts and law. This is what FBI must do and I am so happy that people like him exist. The book made me feel all the awkwardness Comey felt through the detail narration of the scenes. At one point, I almost cried when he describes how President Obama said to him after all the scrutiny he went through.
 If not a little disappointing.  My husband thought it would have covered more current issues.
 Easy to read.  Straight forward.  He answers many questions people have.  It remains up to the reader if they choose to believe what they read..
 Sister call me is a honest man with great integrity. You can tell that by the way this book was written. He tried to give mr. Trump the benefit of the doubt. but it is obvious Bedminster Trump at no idea how the government worked how the FBI and the Department of Justice was independent of the Oval Office. The analogy of mr. Trump to the mafia hits seem to be very accurate.
 I really enjoyed this book. It many ways it's frightening, but people should know. Great read and an eye opener.
 Great Read.
 Awesome!!!! Excellent book and great insight!  Integrity is important and Comey highlights this! Eye opening!!!
 Well worth reading. Gives an insider view of the FBI and the pressure it is under from politicians.
 I gained respect for the author. He seems honest and devoted to our country.  The writing style was quick moving.
 Great book.  Excellent insights in to stories seen in the media.  Personal viewpoint is very well done.  Well worth the investment
 I enjoyed reading about Mr. Comey's career. An interesting read, definitely recommend.
 I loved this book and have recommended it to several friends. Please take the time to read this.
 Excellent expose on Washington DC inner government going-ons; very interesting
 Mr. Comey wrote an intelligent and insightful book about what excellent leadership looks like. We need great leadership again, and truthfulness  is a key component of greatness. Great book!!
 Informative read.
 Very interesting and a good explanation from Mr. Comey that helps me to better understand the American justice system.
 It is well written, thoughtful and offers a different perspective.  I thought it was very interesting.
 I understand so much more about how the investigations into various possible crimes have worked. Excellently written. A methodical and ethically driven man. I believe that everyone in America should read this.
 Well written.  And very interesting to see inside of his mind as he presents his justifications for his behavior.  I will leave it to the reader to come to a summation on if we should or should not accept his conclusions.
 Loved the book.  It was a great insight into James Comey's life and what his family sacrificed in order for him to serve the country.  It's so sad that Trump destroys so many people with integrity and is allowed to continue to destroy our country.  Wishing the best to James Comey and his family.
 James Comey is a man of the highest integrity. We need more people like Mr. Comey in leadership roles in both the private sector and in governmental institutions.
 Well written, interesting read, whether you are republican or democrat
 I was hesitant to start this thinking that I wasn't in the mood to hear what I thought would be excuses about Director Comey's conduct during the 2016 election - I was dead wrong!  Now I think this book should be mandatory reading (listening) to all high school students!  Truly outstanding!  Mr. Comey reads his own book and has an excellent voice for this, smooth and well paced.  He covers his early youth though his career as an attorney and FBI director which all was well worth listening to.  He comes across as a very humble and truthful person (okay, except for the basketball lies!).  For those that may have been turned off by his description of the president during private meetings, I found that was perhaps one/one thousand of the entire book and greatly blowing out of proportion by the press. You'll also see for yourself that there was no 'leaking' of his private citizen memo and I have to admit I now find his reasons for the public comments on Ms. Clinton days before the election to be pretty compelling.  If you read only one book this year - make sure it's this one; the story of good Americans!
 Just excellent. I purchased it on audible and enjoyed James Comey doing the narration. After hearing  him tell his story, I believe you will feel he is true patriot.
 Really liked this book. Very well written.  Not just about Trump.
 Enjoyed ..James comey’s book.  Good man,<br/>served our country with honor &amp; respect.. even to this day. He writes .. what we already know..todays corrupt administration.
 Great Read. Thank you. You have reaffirmed my belief in honesty, ethics and transparency of our leaders at all levels in all organizations.
 well written, informative, useful in understanding how the presidential office works with other government departments
 Good book. Not a must-read, but a good overview of the Trump Administration and Trump in particular. He is a very frightening madman.
 Wonderful account of the events around James Comey’s firing. May our great country survive the horror of the Trump presidency. Everyone needs to read this.
 So helpful in capturing authenticity in an age of deception and untruth.
 Great story.  A lot of factual detail about Mr. Comey's life and dealings with Trump.  Maybe too much detail.  Of course Trump people will hate it, but likely will not read it anyway.
 No matter what your party affiliation you would do well to read this book.  It is filled with inspirational thoughts about values and honesty.
 Good book, I was expecting more, I wish he has waited to write this book later, the current state of our country was helped by the author when he released bogus information about Hillary, he derailed her presidency.
 Well written and entertaining read.  Not sure I'm convinced of the message in all parts, but pretty entertaining anyway!
 Excellent read. Great honest insight into the FBI. The personnel are above politics etc. well written book. I enjoyed the book and would recommend it.
 An awesome factual and honest masterpiece!<br/>excellent write up for the ages! Great job James Comey!
 For a change, got to hear the “other side” in headline news
 Very good book.  Comey is a man of great integrity.  He was put in an untenable situation with no good choices.
 Good read.  Very informative
 An enjoyable narrative that does a remarkable job of capturing the emotional roller coaster of a politically charged and fluid operational environment. Well done Director Comey. You’ve presented an articulate and at times lighthearted telling that transports the reader. You’re a gifted writer and I look forward to the next. Cheers/John
 I really enjoyed this book! It gave me great insight into the workings of the Hill! And what a cutthroat bunch of nefarious characters run our Government! Who knew. I didn’t until I read this book. Now I’m just scared!
 DEFINITELY WORTH READING.  AN EYE OPENER.  COMEY IS A MAN OF INTEGRITY, EXCELLENT  CHARACTER, &amp; ABOVE ALL TOTALLY BELIEVABLE.  OBVIOUSLY, THE SAME CANNOT BE SAID ABOUT THE CURRENT PRESIDENT.  UNFORTUNATELY,  FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE, WE HAVE BEEN DEPRIVED OF THE SERVICE OF JIM COMEY AS FBI DIRECTOR UNTIL 2023, THE OFFICIAL END OF HIS APPOINTMENT,  THIS BOOK IS A MUST READ.
 Expected more, but considering his position he cannot tell all. Worth buying to get more insight of the man, Comey.
 I found this book very enlightening...especially about James Comey himself!  Very well written book and well worth the read.
 This was purchased from intellectual curiosity and received the bonus of a fine tutorial in moral logic.  I am well pleased.
 An absolutely indispensable corrective. Clear insights into Comey's decision processes. This national tragedy has to have a last act resolution and reconciliation. Our country cannot sustain and survive on its current course. We're better than this.
 Informative
 I enjoyed this book very much. I thought Mr. Comey described his life events and work in the various levels of government justice well, all which shaped his morals and attitudes regarding leadership and loyalty. This book is less about politics and more about morality and holding yourself accountable to a higher power.
 I liked it because it was an autobiography. and reading about his life and family as well as life in the FBI and especially what he had to go through with our president,was just fascinating.
 A Higher Loyalty by James Comey is a narrative on ethical leadership. Written with tremendous vulnerability and humility, it delivers  insight into the corridors of power in the United States and the pressures and perils faced by a sincere few who bear a conscience.
 James Comey comes across as totally believable. Humble man of great integrity and he’s telling his story without trying to sell himself. It all has the ring of truth and passes the smell test.
 I have an idea just how diffrecult the job the FBI &amp; the CIA  have when dealing with so many egos ,I thank mr. Comey did handle the Clinton emails in a fair manner . I did not care for the amount of time mr.Comey spent  on his life.
 This is an interesting book, but I would rate it behind Hayden and Clapper's books.
 I enjoyed this book.  It is well written with an easy reading flow.  Comey gives you his background so you have a concept of his values.  He gives the reader information they don't know from the news reports.
 Sometimes a book is written to explain why the author is right.<br/>James Comey makes the effort to say this book was written to honestly describe what happened.<br/>It is vulnerable and unassuming.
 I couldn't stop reading this book. It wasn't what I expected. It was so much better. He comes across as interesting,  intelligent, informative, serious, vulnerable, honest and witty.<br/>I told all my friends, they need to buy this book.
 Given the increasing partisan tribalism we’re now witnessing in America, I don’t think the book could’ve came at a better time.  An easy read with a simple message: democracy cannot survive without ethical leadership; without regard for what is true and what is not true; nor without respect for, and faith in, the independence of our criminal justice &amp; legal institutions.<br/><br/>I didn’t really have much of an opinion of Comey prior to reading “A Higher Loyalty”; but, owing to the fact that I like to hear everyone’s side of the story, I figured I’d give it a shot.  I’m glad I did.  His type of level-headedness, and devotion to a “higher loyalty” is much needed in Washington, now more than ever.  I highly recommend 5/5.
 This was a really interesting book. I could not, of course, recommend it to everyone I know. However, I strongly feel that the information contained therein is important for universal dissemination.
 This book is not only informative but well written.  Thank you to the author for clarifying and sharing his experiences!  Highly recommend .
 A clear and good message, artfully and interestingly presented, with a touch of humor.<br/>This book has occupied it niche in history because it serves as a clear antithesis to the principle-less current presidency. It should be required reading at each level of education to serve as an example of how true character is developed and offered to benefit society.<br/><br/>Finally, here is a person of principle and honesty. The US got the president it deserved; now let us strive to deserve a president of principle.
 An outstanding read. Coney is an awesome writer. He draws you in and holds your attention. I learned a lot about him m and the circumstances he wrote about. I would highly recommend it.
 It was clear and to the point.  The early chapters actually explain how and why he made the decisions in later life.
 Informative and well written.  Not giving it 5 stars only because this is very recent, well known information.
 I enjoyed reading this book.  I liked that it was about his whole life, not just an "I'M telling!" type of book.  It was an interesting read.  Too bad he had to get involved in this Trump debacle.  He appears to me to be a very honorable man.
 LOVED IT.
 good book, but a bit full with Mr. Comey's self-importance and the constant statements of his "higher loyalty" to the country and the truth. I appreciate his honesty and for giving a deeper background in this book, rather than just focusing on current events.
 I enjoyed the book especially Mr. Comey's early life.  I have loaned it to several others since I read it.
 Great book and one written with honesty. I don't agree with everything Comey has said or done but this book is something that should be a essential read for anyone
 This account of the chaos that has become our nation, was written by a truly honorable man who loves his country, loved his job, and did it with an honest, strong commitment to the truth. Unlike the so-called president we are burdened with who is the most unethical man to ever hold that position! He's cruel, dishonest, immoral and ignorant! He is more like a dictator - and perhaps should be called 'the godfather' - not President of what WAS the greatest country in the world!<br/>I hope and pray people will realize the disturbing direction Trump is taking us, and VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!!! But PLEASE EXAMINE THE PEOPLE YOU VOTE FOR! Don't vote for someone just because you don't like the other person.....check out their past, their beliefs, their morals, their intelligence, their honesty, and whether or not they will lead with the ethics other great men have done.<br/>I do, however, firmly believe Comeys handling of the Oct 28,2916 email issue gave the election to Trump!
 James Comey is a great writer.  He certainly has a winning personality.  He is honest and interesting.
 love it
 great read
 This book is so much more than the 2016 election and his time in the Trump administration.  It was interesting to read about his time prosecuting the mafia through his time at the Department of Justice during the Bush administration.  He has had to make hard personal and professional choices, and how he handled each was enlightening.  While he has focused on leadership, one of my takeaways was learning from life experiences.
 This book gave more history on Comey’s growing up years and how he made his choices along the way. Not any big surprises. The book was a chance for Comey to getbhis side of the story out.
 I loved the book.  It give me such better insight into the overall relationship between the different groups in Washington and into the inner workings of the politicians. It is so important that he maintained his independence and kept such high integrity to all he did. I highly recommend this book too people in all professions but especially to those in public service.
 This was a very honest, open insight into the dedication of the FBI and Director Comey's life of service. Excellent!
 I don’t like Comey that much. He made mistakes.  Tough decisions.  But honest book n
 I wish that I could return it, but it is in our reception library for anyone interested. He diminished further my trust and respect for the position that he held. Initially i was smpathetic, but i think that somewhat he is still self absorbed, and it was oozing out in the writing. I was more interested in exposition and depth of what happened. It was boring reading about his "stuff"....
 Comey's book was a very interesting read! It was informative and educational and provided the lay person a look inside our government and how some factions of it worked. His explanations and candor were refreshing.
 I read and absorbed the book!! Very good reading and educational!! Makes me respect James Comey, even more! Very honest!! Marion
 Never learned so many straight forward life lessons in one book.  Comey is my new hero.
 Gives a good timeline of our events over the last decade or so.details that are clouded by the media. I liked that it wasn't egotistical, he told his side of the story but admitted his faults.
 Explains Comey's view of the Clinton investigation and his experiences with Trump. Easy to read.
 Whether you choose to believe Mr. Comey or not, he stands for truth, honesty and loyalty, without which no association of humans can endure.
 Riveting, on point, honest, humble and introspective while telling the truth.  Best read of the past three years.
 I really liked this book.  I am trying to understand the current government and this book was very helpful
 Very good book,  informative and easy to read.  I really liked it.
 I admire James Comey and his book confirmed my good opinion of him
 A lot more information then "heard" on the news and very interesting an informative and enjoyable read..
 James Comey came across as an ethical, hard working public servant who felt he had to raise his concerns about some major problems with the workings of the current national government in hopes that we citizens can correct the wrongs.
 It was great!  James Comey was very honest and humble while clearly explaining all sides of the events.
 I believe Comey and agree our country is on fire but we will survive and become stronger and wiser! Our current president must be impeached.
 I found this book very educational and enlightening. I recommend it to anyone on any part of the political spectrum.
 Excellent !  A real page turner..Uplifting.
 Important reading to know facts of personal encounters with President. Comey is an observant good writer. Enjoyed his insights. I was surprised at some details not out in press. Necessary reading.
 This is an absorbing biography that is easy to read, entertaining, and written with impeccable grammar.
 Im glad I read this book. It was very interesting to understand how and why he made the decisions he did. I'm glad I wasn't in his shoes!
 Enjoyed reading this book. Gave me a real insight to Mr. Comey.
 Liked this. Well written and interesting to hear the incidents detailed from Mr. Comey's perspective.
 Couldn’t put it down.
 I really liked the first part of this book, learning about Comey and his background.  At some point though,  he started to rationalize and justify his actions and seemed to get on a high horse about defending the reputation of the FBI no matter what.  I disagree with the premise that the honor of the FBI is more important than truth and integrity.<br/>Comey explains that he did the things he did for the greater good of the FBI.  Look where we are now.  By his actions alone, Trump won the election and is now daily attacking the FBI and the DOJ.  Is this the outcome Comey really wanted?  And where is he beloved FBI's reputation now?<br/>Comey is  an excellent writer.  No errors or mistakes and a very readable book.  He has a sense of humor, but is a little full of himself.  When he got into the rationalization of his actions, I couldn't take it anymore and stopped reading.
 My initial impression of James Comey was that he is an ethical and moral human being. This book confirms to me that he is a person of integrity and morality.
 For obvious reason, I was not sure how I would respond to this book.  I found it easy to read and in some ways reassuring.  Comeys thoughts on the individuals in the book largely conforms to my own, especially Cheney.  My question is, how could he still be a republican?
 Self serving ... I think his role in electing Trump was minimalized.
 Really enjoyed hearing the truth from a man with integrity.
 A political tool explaning his justification for breaking procedure and the trust of the American people
 This book gave me a little more insight into the intelligence community and James Comey. Having questions as to the election and why things were done the way they were. I understand things a lot more.
 Well and plainly written.  Comey's recall of events appear to be supported by ongoing news of what transpired.  He does at times, however, come across as being somewhat sanctimonious.
 One of the best non-fiction books on the market.  Very well written and a candid analysis by a true civil servant and insider.
 This book was a refreshing tale of leadership and areas our country can improve. It is definitely a great read!
 Reading this book I was able to get to know James Comey and learned that he has a sense of humor.  He was pretty funny actually.  Thank you for reminding us of our role as Americans, to make sure that we vote for people into office that are honest and respectful and work for the good of the people.
 An excellent first hand account of what goes on with the FBI and what happened during the 2016 election.
 Good book from a well-meaning FBI director caught up in a corrupt presidency.
 Be hopeful and act for truth, beware of the lies- verify!  Every American citizen has a responsibility to learn and seek accurate information before voting then please vote.
 A well written book for folks with political curiosity,  or aspirations of ethical leadership.
 Well written, easy to understand. I have great respect for Mr James Comey  and hope that all Americans who love our country will read this book.
 Director Comey gives tremendous insight into who he is and his commitment to integrity in public service.
 I enjoy reading autobiographies.  This one shared a lot about our country's recent history. I especially liked the focus on the style of leadership of President Obama compared the the style of leadership, or lack thereof, of President Trump.
 Comedy’s passion and honesty are encouraging in these times we’re living. This is a good read! No matter .what side you’re on, it’s worth reading.
 Easy money, writing that autobiography... Frankly very little content of interest.
 A must read! Leadership class will be reading this for years.
 A good informative read.... exposes how big a criminal Traitor-trump is.
 Information is critical at this time in our country.
 most of the book is his career leading up to Trump, Trump only really in the back third of the book.
 I thought the book was rather boring. I got through about half and haven’t read it in over a month.  Comey represents himself as a Boy Scout (which may be true) but I just couldn’t buy it.
 I was very impressed with Comey.  He is one of the good guys and should still be head of the FBI.
 Enjoyed reading this book - however, for someone who is obviously highly intelligent &amp; who always tried to do “the right thing” - left me with trying to answer a mind-boggling question of how Mr. Comey, whom I truly respected, could have been so egregiously wrong during 2017 &amp; 2018.
 He is the most ETHICAL person I've read having taught ethics for 12 yrs., he uses the terms correctly and applied them correctly.
 I had checked it out from the library. Started to read it and decided I want it for my personal library.
 The political parts with POTUS may be too raw compared to the other parts of his story, such as with his teenage attacker or his prosecution of Martha Stewart, where Comey has had more time to reflect.
 Just a great book about doing the right thing.  It's informative, insightful.  I'm a fan!
 I found all the disgruntled hype concerning the book to be unfounded: obviously the detractors did not read it. The first 10 chapters, out of 14, had absolutely nothing to do with Trump. This was a mini-biography of James Comey, and THIS  was interesting. I found the writing to be honest, sometimes funny and enlightening. He not only pokes fun at situations but also at himself. I think my biggest surprise was to find out he considered himself to be a bully, back in the high school/college days<br/><br/>The last 4 chapters were about Russia interference in the 2016 election. There was no smoking gun, no "alternate" facts, just a blow by blow of what actually happened and his feelings/concerns while our democracy is being blown up. In my opinion, the Epilogue was his best writing, open, honest, heart-felt and very moving.  Job well done James Comey!
 I found it very interesting,  it gives you a great insight into the working of our government .
 Easy reader about a man who did his job as he was told. Pretty scary when Giuliani was his .enter. Enjoyed it
 If I didn’t love Comey beforehand I do now. Well written
 This outstanding book gives one a glimpse of the inner machinations of the FBI and Public Prosecutors.  In the beginning, it starts with Comey's childhood in a middle-class neighborhood in Yonkers, N.Y.  Comey discusses how his serendipitous or not so serendipitous move from being a medical student with a desire first to become an M.D. is changed to a deep inner desire to bring about justice in the world as he remembers some serial criminals going around New York and New Jersey during the 1970's.  He tells how he has a gun held to his head and his life goes before him and more as a teenager by a robber in his home.  The details there are easy to visualize and I can imagine this book as a great movie.  Some highlights feature his first jobs working under a great leader and his blunders as he is met with a great mentor and the great role models and leaders he learned to channel.  The book is exemplary, relevant to the author.  A fabulous read shedding light on the legal reasoning, elements of crimes, when charges will stick and when they won't.  There is so much more! Not enough to fill the review with all the juicy details! I highly recommend this one.  Great reading a real page turner hard to put down.  Not a book to put you to sleep at night-I cracked it open one night expecting to be lulled off to sleep instead I wound up marathon reading till 5 am.  So be warned this is more like a book to read on a commute into work and not a boring one to put you to sleep.  I hope he is able to write a sequel sometime down the road. This is one of those lifetime rare historical books like tho.  I think it might wind up a classic.  It could be used to teach in classes.  I guess he was a law professor too.  Well, enough said. Get the book.  It is grammatically correct and has a nice flow as well. It has superb classical thought-provoking titles and quotes. Well done!
 This was an interesting read.  He expresses himself well.  Almost like he was talking directly to me.
 Dear Trump Supporters- this is NOT a Trump bashing book, it's a book about a fellow American (and Republican) who truly tried to serve the people- didn't just talk about it, but actually served the people. Please read the book before you speak. The ENTIRE book.<br/>This is a quick paced, blunt, open, interesting and, what I perceive, honest biography about an American that truly wanted to serve his country. Comey could have made huge money as a slick lawyer- but his life experience grew a deeply ethical conscience which became a heart for justice. His conscience cost him his job and dragged him through the mud. One may not agree with his choices- but we've all laid awake at night cringing over much less important things we've done. As a Republican who has bewilderedly watched his party implode, this was reassurance that not all of us have lost our minds.
 give the reader an insight to the daily ins and outs of the fbi.  very interesting and a very good book.
 I really appreciated getting his views on leadership as a way to makes sense of his decisions and his values. Besides all the drama that played out on national news between Comey And Trump, this was a great read on what makes a great leader.
 Very well written and allows for an in-depth insight and personal thoughts of Mr Comey. I now have N even deeper respect for him. He is a man of honor in my book
 Was a fairly good read.  Started strong, but got repetitious.  Was definitely an opinionated version of the events.  Might recommend.
 Excellent review of the events leading to the appointment of Mueller and beginning of the special counsel regarding Trump, Russia and the 2016 presidential election.
 While I am not a Comey fan, his book was very good.
 The book gives you great insight into Comey.
 We enjoyed listening to the audible version of A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership. I enjoyed learning about the workings of the government, the corruption,and politics that’s involved.
 An honest book but it also shows his arrogance
 This book is very believable and mirrors what we see with our own eyes and hear with our own ears. In these difficult times, the Director provides hope and badly needed perspective to help us find our way back.
 very interesting information , especially about his firing by Trump
 Didn't expect it to be as well written as it is and I very much enjoyed reading it.
 A must read for those of us who value the truth. Director Comey’s recount of his life experiences leading up to and after the tumultuous 2016 election is both thoughtful, sincere and a cautionary tale of the chaos created when poor leadership is left unchecked.
 Beautifully written insight into true loyalty and honesty. I may not have agreed with Mr. Comey’s decisions  but he stands tall ( pun intended) as a sterling example of a truly honest man. A great read.
 This book should be required reading for students of History, Civics, and Government. Bless James Comey for this important work!
 Would that the US had more "leaders", as well as politicians, who would serve in this manner.
 I purchased Mr. Comey's book because I wanted to learn what he was thinking when he took the actions that he did during the 2016 campaign.  I learned that and so much more.  The book is exceptionally well written and easy to follow.  It held my interest throughout.  I felt I had an opportunity to get to know the man and found that I like him very much.  Comey's story line takes us through his early years as events and experiences formed the man he became, expands to his career as a prosecutor dealing with members of the Cosa Nostra,  encompasses his role as US Attorney in New York  and later Deputy Attorney General under President Bush, his appointment as FBI Director by President Obama, and ends with the investigations of and interactions with both Hillary Clinton and  Donald Trump during and after the 2016 election.  If you think you don't like this man so much that you don't intend to read the whole book, at least pick it up in the bookstore and read the Epilogue.  There is food for thought in there and a measure of hope no matter which side of the isle you occupy.  Better still - read the whole book and then form your opinion of this man and our times. It is an important historical record.
 I am glad to hear Comey's side of the situation.
 Well written and interesting. Each important person the author meets he writes a description of and shares his first impressions. I thought this was not like the critics said all about Trump and anything improper. The book is 75 % not about Trump. There is a long history to Comey's values of leadership. He is credible and consistent in his approach.
 What an interesting read. Well written, educational.
 Fast delivery and a good price. Very interesting books. Liked it very much.
 A little self serving but if you’re anti-dump, very informative. Easy read.
 Wonderful novel from someone with high ethics. Great glimpse into current history!
 I'm not a fan of what he did to make the orange clown president . . . but . . . it's an otherwise honest and eye-opening read.
 Very interesting book. Extremely knowledgeable author. Kept my interest from beginning to end.<br/>Recommended it to friends.
 The author sounds like a real person with insecurities that I could relate to. I may not agree with everything that he did but I understand and respect the reasons why he did what he did. We need more people like him in public service.
 The man is believably honest in his writing.  Trump seemingly cannot abide a truthful person.  I hope Comey can someday be reinstated to be head of the Intelligence organization.
 I LOVE THE BOOK.  I LOVE MR. COMEY!<br/><br/>Thanks for Amazon's existence!!!
 I very much enjoyed this book. James Comey’s voice in it is clear, and the episodes of his life which he recounts here are interesting and each in service of his stated goal, to inspire ethical leaders now and in the future.  It was worth my time to read, and more, it was a page turner.  I can only recommend it.
 and will never trust him.  I can't see how he gets away with lying and no one says anything in his cabinet. Read this book! I give this give stars!
 Very interesting book . James Comey tells his life history from being teenage to present. I really liked this book.
 Really well written and hard to put down. I recommend this to anyone who cares about what's going on today.
 Interesting and very well written - more about his career than about his relationship with Trump.
 Excellent book by an extremely honorable man. Everyone should read this book in order to truly appreciate law enforcement efforts in this country.
 Absolutely fascinating and not what you expect. This tells how James Comey became James Comey.
 My husband enjoyed reading this book.
 Mr. Comey is fascinating when he focuses on the Clinton e-mails and the current occupant of the White House. But this book too often comes off as self-serving.
 I bought this for my Mom when she was at my house for a week. I could not get her away from the book. She loved it.
 Disappointed in the book.  He could not see the forest for the trees, and really gave the election to Trump.
 Important story, well-written.  All Americans should read it.  It's obvious that this man faced an impossible situation and is telling the humble truth about how he handled it.  We need more people in government like him.  He's inspiring in this time of low morals and a deteriorating democracy.
 Very well written; easy to read and understand. Good, clarifying, factual information.
 This book is filled with very good insight of an honorable director of the FBI. Many lies of the current president are eluminated.
 Great contain written by a great author. Very informative.
 This is an easy read, and an excellent book to be reminded of what it takes to be a true leader. Integrity, honesty, compassion, and a sense of humor are all required. James Comey shared his life story including every mistake he knows he’s made. His entire life has been dedicated to upholding the rule of law with compassion. His level of integrity and unwavering attempts to keep the FBI separate from all political influences is admirable. If only the current president had the ability to read, he might finally learn how to be a true leader!
 I found "A Higher Loyalty" revealing, perceived as true and accurate, a worthwhile read.  I believe my judgement lines up with the IG's later investigative report.
 I thought it was a very interesting read  With just a different point of view.
 After the book arrived, my husband grabbed it.  Hpefully, I will get the opportunity to read it.
 It was important for me to know Jim Comey's background so I could try to understand his actions regarding Hillary and where he "comes from" in general.
 More than halfway through. Fascinating, well written, touching on many subjects.
 James Comey tells a great story! Politics can be very boring but he kept me interested and I couldn't put the book down!
 Though it drags at first the story is so important I couldn't put it down.
 My husband enjoyed this book very much.  It was nice to read the true facts from the author.
 Very, very interesting. So good to hear the details of what has gone on at the top.
 Comey is a very honorable man, he tells his story well.
 True to its title, Comey addresses the value of truth and integrity. An easy and valuable read.
 I'm totally Team Comey after reading this. Most of the book talks about his former cases, qualities of leaders and his own short comings and successes with leadership. At the end he obviously talks about the Trump administration and his experiences with Trump.
 James Comey writes of his experiences in the justice department, and the FBI, and his life experiences which brought him to his central operating principal of leadership: Leaders must tell the truth, must be true to their mission, and must not compromise the integrity of their mission for personal or political gain. He also insists that basic moral principles underlie justice, and justice cannot prevail when moral values are compromised. So many of the dilemmas he faced are so familiar to me personally, and probably to everybody, and by failing to take the high road sometimes, he learned, as I learned, and probably everybody learned, that it is only through faithfulness to truth, to higher principles that we can achieve true success personally, and as a group.
 Thanks James Comey for a great book! Highly recommended.
 This book is well written.  I felt like I was in the room with Director Cindy<br/><br/>This book was well written.  I appreciate Director Comey 's candor and thank him for his service to this nation.  I felt as if I was experiencing what he went through. So happy he shared his experiences both personal and professional.
 Expected book to be more about Trump. Hard to get into reading it.
 This is a book about history as it records now.
 The book was well written and thought provoking.  Very enjoyable.
 Excellent book!  If you're looking to read a book about his disagreements with Trump, don't buy it - only the last few chapters deal with the election.
 Book had an insight view from James Comey. A fast  read and a lot of details.
 Great book from honest public FBI Director. So detail that walk you through the events.
 Excellent and interesting read --no matter what your politics!! Thoughtful!!
 Interesting insight to the Comey controversy.
 Anaysis of what one should do faced with impossible circumstances.  Very thoughtful.
 I learned a lot about how our government works.  Interesting read.
 not badly written but still have a bad taste after what he did during the election
 Purchased as a gift to my sister.  She has enjoyed it and keeps it on her coffee table.
 Husband said he enjoyed it but wasn't what he expected.
 a must read. Insight into American history and the tragedy of the Trump presidency.
 i am always amazed what goes on in DC and beyond.  It is a good read!
 When I have finished this book I will come back to revisit my post.
 No matter your political bias, if this book doesn’t shake your confidence in the current state of affairs of our Executive Branch, then we are in trouble.  Thanks, Jim Comey, for your dedication and service to the great men and women of the FBI, and to the country we all love so dearly.
 It is a lovely book to read. The English is plain and simple. Beautifully written and keeps you interested. It's nothing like the media had given the impression. Worth reading
 I enjoyed reading Director Comey’s book. I’m glad he started with his background so the reader can understand where Mr. Comey comes from.  I appreciate his honesty in the telling of his story.  It was enlightening to read what transpired behind closed doors.
 James Comey presented a cogent, clear, intelligent appraisal of his experience with President Donald Trump.  I already had high regard for Mr. Comey, but even regarded him with more respect after reading this book.
 Not a great writer, but a good writer and a good man. Very revealing.
 Every one should read this books, it shows how honest and truthful James Comey is
 I enjoyed this book. He provides great examples of what leaders should strive for.
 I found the book to be good but maybe a<br/>Little too much auto biology
 Not really, well written but with all the hoopla I thought it would be juicers
 Actually a very good read!  I have a higher respect for the guy now!
 A bit infuriating. Comey sounds like a boy scout most of the time.
 The book was better than expected, very informative and eye opening.  Helps understand or guves a godd perspective of past and present situations.
 A well-written window into the world of an American hero that fought to do right thing against baffling obstacles. Even though it's written by Comey himself, the logic process is clean and difficult to dispute.
 Comey made mistakes, no doubt. I appreciate him giving his account.
 I have not read this book yet, but from what I am hearing, it will be a good book.
 I highly recommend this book . There are a lot of mysterious things that I thought was absolutely great about this particular book. Don’t just take my word for it see for yourself .
 I found this book very interesting. Still don't understand why this man was fired.
 I believe Comey is really honest and truthfull, much unlike our president.
 Great political read.
 I can't tell what I feel about this book. It didn't tell me much I didn't already know. I gave it a good rating, though, for its historical value.
 Wish there was more.  Great insight.  Emotional roller coaster.  Recommend.
 This book represents the struggle of a very private man who is thrust into the I international political stage.  CA and FBI folks do not like the limelight.  They prefer to simply perform their jobs.  Comedy is no different.  Unfortunately lately his position in the Trump cabinet, disagreements on the Hilary email debacle and subsequent resigned made him public fodder.  This is an I interesting book to read and ponder.  Do not pass up this book, but reflect on the message contained.
 Not a literary work, but a well written, convincing version of a national debate still ongoing.
 Not a good read. No information beyond what is already public knowledge.
 Comes seeks to justify his decision in terms that excessively self pious. He tries to defend himself from cruel, harsh and mean spirited claims of Trump, but neither deserves our respect for their actions.
 Still reading it and I'm enjoying it so far.
 Very interesting. Worth the read if you believe comey to be a good man who made a mistake, but is committed to truth and democracy.
 The book is very well written, with a lot of information that was not previously available. It is self-serving to the author in many ways, but it's not dishonest. I agree with the author's final conclusions.
 Well written book.
 Very frank. Honest. I usually don’t read political led books. This is worth the read.
 Purchased as a gift.  The recipient was happy.
 Interesting facts however very dry and repetitive at times.
 Excellent book.. happy I purchased it, clarified a lot.  And it's well written .
 I bought this book to see what he had to say about the president.  I haven't read it yet.
 Excellent read! I enjoyed learning more about the Former FBI Director.
 Love this book! I have more respect and admiration for Mr. Comey more than ever.
 As I write this review, my only regret is that I am past the age of potentially becoming an FBI Agent. Anyone who is seeking the truth about what really happened should read this book. This book is about TRUTH, HONESTY and INTEGRITY. As I am not a fast reader, I consumed this book rather quickly…it was that intriguing! In my humble opinion, all a man has is his honor, and Mr. Comey still has his. Mr. Comey’s loyalty to the truth and the American people is truly inspirational. I trust that for the four years he has led the FBI he has inspired a new breed of Agents who will constantly seek the truth with honesty, integrity and loyalty only to the American people! I will cherish this book for many years to come!
 Excellent read and insight into the higher levels of government while offering lessons of leadership.  Thought provoking piece of work.
 Very interesting read even if I disagreed w/some assumptions.
 A riveting foray into challenges James Comey faced as leader of one of the world's most well known and revered law enforcement agencies, the FBI, and its relationship with the Department of Justice and the President's office.  From humble beginnings, and a terrifying home invasion by a serial rapist that haunted his teenage years, Comey's early law enforcement career began as a public prosecutor in New York, putting mob bosses behind bars.  He worked under three presidents, Bush, Obama, and briefly Trump, and compares the various styles of leadership.  The latter's was something of a shock, as Comey compared Trump's demand for loyalty as similar to the mafia dons he was investigating decades earlier, which grated his fervent belief in the separation of powers, and the neutrality of the FBI in matters political.  For those still struggling to grasp the Clinton email scandal, which in my mind felt at the time like political interference in the election by the FBI because of the timing, Comey sheds light on the impossible position the FBI was in when additional emails were found on Anthony Weiner's laptop on an unrelated investigation.  It's well worth a read as few authors have such insight into the disastrous presidency we are now under.  Additionally, Comey is an intelligent writer, and the books is full of subtle humor and wit, as well as personal struggle, and tragedy.
 Truth, justice and the American way.  And also a book very much about leadership and what it really means to be a patriot.  James Comey turns out to be a great writer and the book reads almost like a thriller even though we know where the story ends.  Or more accurately, we know where it has paused.  Comey has told us about his journey into and during a career in the law and law enforcement, in the Justice Department and in the FBI.  He's told us something about the kind of people who pursue that career and the kinds of challenges they face.  He tells us about role models and about anti-models.  Finally, we are left hanging, as is the whole country, waiting to watch the story of America continue to unfold -- and leaving us hopeful.
 Rather an eye opener, good for you Mr. Comey!
 For readers who do not like an academic exposition on the fundamentals of leadership, this book provides an intimate insight into the mind of a conscientious leader and the bases on which he made decisions. This book appeals to readers who want the author to speak to them, rather than speaking on a subject.
 James Comes is believable in this account of what happened.
 Happy with my purchase, intriguing and full of surprises.
 James Comey, a true patriot!<br/>Loved the book!
 Learned a lot about Comey as a person.
 Excellent book into the mind of Comey. God help us with Trump
 Better than watching TV.
 This book answered some of the questions I had about the Clinton email scandals.  What is interesting is how he crossed path with Giuliani and Mueller in his career. This book is so relevant to our times.
 Not worth the hype or money
 Interesting book.  Love the history and how NORMAL Mr. Comey is.
 This book is worth reading if you desire perspective in your political belief.
 What a solid and smart man sharing an inside peak into our fearless leader. I deeply appreciate the clarity of the writing and the ongoing sprinkle of humor onto this slow motion train-wreck of a Presidency.
 Glad to read Comey's version of "the truth".  Too many lies going around--hard to tell what's up!
 great reading
 Excellent of current affairs involving James Comey and the goings on of the current administration in America.. Well written and a good read.
 The title of the book signifies the mind set of its author. Like him or not, truth matters, facts matter and the book clear articulates realities and not fiction.  .
 James Comey hits the nail on the head--knocks it out of the ballpark. What a riveting account of his background and the experiences with Trump.His reporting of Trump's crude behavior is right on target and should be a wake up call for all Americans.
 So interesting!
 I am so glad I ordered this book. Not only did it clearly outline the FBI and Director Comey’s experiences with the Clinton email situation and the 2016 election but I learned a lot about the workings of our government.
 Still reading.  Fascinating account of Comey's professional life &amp; times.
 EVERYONE (including Republicans)  SHOULD TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS BOOK!
 Great book,easy read. This book tells me how corrupt our government really is.  Those who read this book adhere to<br/>Mr. Comey's words.  He sugar coats nothing.
 Timely and comprehensive
 Well written and insightful.
 No nonsense, no surprises. Comey is a person of integrity and a professional through and through. He is telling his side of this circus that is today's presidency, but not in a mean and slanderous way.<br/><br/>Sure, he takes a few jabs at Trump, but who wouldn't, had they found themselves in his position. I think this book is worth hour time and money.
 Clarity on the issues from inside the firing .
 I believe Mr. Comey to be a true American.  I found his book very informative and I enjoyed it very much!!
 I absolutely loved his explanation and his integrity which is surely lacking in this administration! Director Comey is an amazing man!
 Excellent biography from someone of true high character.  Provides insight into our national embarrassment occupying the White House.  I hope there are more Jim Comeys in government than those who are currently turning a blind eye.
 I enjoyed this book very much It helped me to better understand how the agency’s all work. Most Americans don’t get the complexity of who works with who and who can’t communicate with each  other in order for it to work properly! On a side note Trump should read it so he doesn’t keep blundering into areas he should not
 An outstanding currently relevant book
 Good read but occasionally wanders a bit.<br/>Covered a lot of recent political happenings in Bush's administration which I found interesting.<br/>Certainly worth reading.
 Decent book, but it is clear from reading it that he either is, or pretends to be, a real "Boy Scout."
 Well written, engaging personality
 Bought this as a gift. They loved it.
 Amazing book and nothing fake
 Still enjoying the read.  Good guy.
 Speak truth to power
 Work as as intended.
 Very informative and a pleasure to hear the otherside.
 What a great book and an honest man. I doubt anyone would want to be in his shoes and make the decisions he has had to. A great role model who will unfortunately be remembered for the wrong reasons
 I read this book hoping to find answers to the question as to why he was fired.  Not real sure he even knows now.
 Fascinating look inside the upper echelon of government. I learned a lot!
 Great book well worth reading.
 An honest, inside look at D.C., in all its petty glory.
 I'm really enjoying this book and have learned much about the inner workings of government at the highest levels.  Comey's writing style is straightforward, honest, insightful, and humorous at times.  A good read!
 I am a Democrat.  I fully expected this book to be a "Poor Me" whine fest.  How completely  wrong I was.  More an expos'e than a biography the incites mr. Comey provides are or should be of interest to all amaricans. A must read!
 Very interesting and well written book!.  Loved how it started with his school days through college and early career.
 Enjoyed it
 The book was very believable very interesting, Mr Comey begins with his life story and his adventures with his personal life experiences, siblings parents spouse children and his journey to FBI Director, Loved it, absolutely no regrets great book, Thank You for your service sir.
 Well writen and it held my attention from the first page. I feel like I learned alot,  I highly recommend this book !
 A great read.  Not long enough.
 VERY GOOD
 Very good
 Great read!  Good points for everyone in leadership.
 A heard, earnest, soul searching self examination by a man who tries his best to do the right thing even when caught in no win situations.  Highly recommended.
 Good book
 Good but drags in spots.
 Great write up on ethics.
 A very interesting read.
 Fabulous!! Love James Comey!! So Glad I purchased this Book and read!!
 Good read, but they should have made his wife the FBI director instead. Better luck next time.
 Comey explains clearly why he did what he did.  He is a true patriot.  I wish we had more like James Comey in Washington.
 Insight into this current administration. Love his perspective and ability to find humor in situations that aren't really humorous.
 He repeated himself a lot in his book.  Also, he overly praises the FBI too many times and omits a lot of shady and bad things the FBI have done.
 I really enjoyed the honesty in this book.  I especially liked his reasoning for re-opening the Clinton email probe.
 A poorly written book - but honest.  Would recommend.
 Well written book.  Good information.
 Excellent book it tells the truth.
 Helped me understand current events but was disappointed in the book.
 I enjoyed the book.
 Loved it. A must read. You can learn a lot and get excellent insight. Brilliant!
 Comey is a tireless civil servant, fired by a boss that should never have had that authority.  Hopefully time will indemnify Mr Comey and his reputation.
 Made me change my mind about him and see his dilemma.
 Very good and easy to read.
 James Comey is an excellent writer as well as a great American.
 This book goes into more than the current presidency. It goes into previous ones in some great detail. Don't just go by the excerpts you see or hear.
 Great book on leadership and heart!
 Bought as gift
 good book. explains a lot. ant criticism about 45 i love.
 A great book on Comey's career. It's very well written. If you are looking for stuff on 2016 election events, check out the last three to four chapters.
 This is an honest story told my an honest, decent federal employee who devoted his life to  US government service.  He was taken down by a dishonest, egomaniac out for revenge.  Jim Comey I love you!
 Very enlightening, and I believe Mr. Comey.
 Great conversational piece to leave on your desk at work.
 At long last a humble insight into what is happening in USA politics.
 Interesting except for childhood.
 Great read by a truth teller!
 Good explaining the ethics and dedication of most federal employees
 With candor and conviction Comey writes about his experience. Good read.  Good reflections and a necessary message tin our political world today.
 Terrific book by a true patriot. Highly recommend.
 Interesting, but not super interesting.
 I'm so glad I chose to read this book.  It definitely helped me to understand a lot that I didn't before.  I commend Jim Comey for writing this book which clearly shows behavior full of integrity.  I hope others will feel inspired to follow in his footsteps.
 Enjoyed reading this book learned a lot about the jerk on the oval office.
 One of those books that's hard to put down. Excellent book, Comey! I'm so glad he wrote this &amp; carefully outlined the events as they unfolded. I will keep this book in m y library for years!
 Nothing didn’t already know
 I enjoyed the read. Read it twice. It was enlightening.
 Very Good  Reading; had information we already knew and much more.
 GOOD READING
 Outstanding book full of great and revealing workings of Justice Dept and FBI inner workings. Both agencies are rife with Integrity ( not Fake news ). Love this country and love this book, Buy It
 Definitely a hot topic book. Provides great insight into Comey's life before and during his time in the Trump administration. Although he can come off a bit self-righteous, the book offers a lot of valuable lessons.
 This book was a quick read.  An interesting look into the Trump administration and Comey's role.
 This book not only gives insight about the current administration, it also gives insight about the bush administration and the Obama administration. Great book about Comey and his life in public office and what he observed.
 This was a well written, fast and fact-based read that gave me a new perspective and appreciation for Jim Comey. Like millions of Hillary supporters, perhaps even like Comey's wife and daughter, I was crestfallen, outraged, and in tears when results came in that fateful election night of Trump's victory. And it's literally been one rotten day after another with his unethical administration. Comey does a great job in this book of describing events and impossible choices. He also has some first-person stories of his interaction with Trump that are shocking, if that's even possible at this stage.
 Great background on author. Truth on Donald Trump. Loved it!
 I did not understand the choices James Comey made in regards to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's email investigation. I found this book to be enlightening and refreshing when it comes to truth and ethics.Our government and country in indeed in the mists of a forest fire. There is hope for this country and the many voices taking a stand for change. Excellent!
 a great read, compelling and insightful, a must read if you follow the current political scene at all.
 very informative of history in the making.
 Well told.  Good practical examples given of ethical leadership.  I highly recommend this booked to folks in management and administration.
 Interesting book
 I admire Mr. Comey and feel like he gave an accurate and truthful perspective.
 While frustrating in a few places (the logic around revealing the last minute investigation of Clinton’s emails while staying silent about the investigation of Trump’s campaign), this book renews my trust in our law enforcement institutions. I hope people like Comey prevail.
 A great book about moral and ethical leadership.
 Very well written. It is written as the reader is the jury and eloquently focuses on the facts and gets one to consider ones ethics
 Awesome lesson in leadership and integrity.
 very well written... very good book
 Excellent book, well written. Glad I pre-ordered for the first time!
 A great read no matter where on the spectrum your political beliefs lie. The book gives a great behind the scenes look at the White House under three presidents.
 I usually don't like audio books as I prefer to turn pages...but this was the perfect option as the book was just short enough to finish in 2 weeks riding to work.
 OK but not inspirational
 Somewhat informative.  Not great.
 Wife has read twice. Really likes book.
 Enjoyed this book
 Great Book
 VERY INFORMATIVE
 VERY INFORMATIVE. VERY INTERESTING READ
 Jim's account is balanced and clear. Thanks for sharing your story. Thanks for serving and inspiring. You held the line well and we salute you.
 Great book
 Although former director Comey comes across as a bit too Boy Scoutish (I would expect nothing less from an FBI director) I sincerely appreciate his service and his courage to honestly write about it and to face down the bully.
 Insightful information about the dynamics of Mr. Comey's experiences  under this current President.  Clear presentation. Makes me nervous to think about what is now going on in our country as a direct result of current leadership and the damage being inflicted.
 I gave it as a gift
 Much better than expected. I found myself really drawn in. Would love to sit down and have lunch with this guy.
 I really like this book.
 Insightful and believable....and I,m a Democrat.
 Well written and thoughtful. I had no interest in reading it, but my husband bought it and I figured, why not?  I have more respect for what Comey went through in his decision making. I feel he made the wrong decision, but I respect his reasoning. He is a bright man, and he has written and excellent book!
 Great insight on the current president and his family.
 You tell me!
 This text eloquently combines the stated subject content, a discussion on ethical leadership, with a recounting of current events related to the subject. It is highly readable. Engrossing, even. Without a doubt, you should study this book even if you do not like the author. He is right that leadership is universal as a concept. The message is right, and it doesn't matter who it's coming from when you know what he is saying is truth. For those interested, I might add that this does not read like the attack texts of political pundits. Rather, it is a frank discussion. Personal opinions are shared by the author, but never maliciously. No gossip here. Just the facts. Enjoy the book!
 Wonderful gift for the wife.
 intersting and easy to read.
 I don't agree with everything Comey said, but he is obviously a man of high integrity and in any even this is a must read.
 After reading the book I came away with the impression that neither Comey nor Trump met the expectations of their respective offices!
 Great read.
 Very Interesting, good read!
 Just started reading.  I have enjoyed so far.
 Very interesting book to read...FBI Director<br/>J. Comey’s mind at work..
 Honest and interesting, well-written.
 Great read!
 FACTUAL.
 Great read... Comey is an excellent storyteller . Enjoyed reading his backstory and family life. He is a man with strong family values and principles.
 Very interesting
 The book is very well written. Mr Comey is a person with very high values. I have a much clearer picture of events over the past few years.
 Excellent book by a great man.
 Good book.  I belief a lot more has to come out.
 Very informative autobiography.
 Uplifting to hear real truth and integrity.
 it's ok.
 I enjoyed this book, and now understand the reasons why James Comey did what he did at various turns in his life.  He is an upstanding guy.  I appreciate his service to our country.
 Truth and loyalty
 Well written, moves along fast. James Comey seems very honest and believable.
 Great book.
 Foreigners and Americans alike who follow American politics will find the insights offered by Comey to be very intriguing indeed.
 Good reading
 Bought as gift.  Person said he enjoyed it.
 Great book from a great man!
 This book is written as a history book. Mr Comey wrote the story well just not new information.  It could be written by any news junkie..
 The book explains many of the issues that were covered by the media, somewhat incompletely, and helps clear up issues affecting his decision regarding the email investigation and his interaction with the admiiistration.
 Enjoyed reading this book.
 Good reading.
 In his Epilogue, the author writes that he hopes the book will be helpful for those of us standing amidst the fire, wondering what to do next. Tell the truth, examine yourself relentlessly, and be grateful.
 Wonderful book.  Very interesting and enlightening.
 Good book
 Lost interest in just a few chapters.
 good reading and quick delivery, book brand new
 You have to read it!
 Fast, informative read
 Good to get the inside view
 Thoroughly enjoyed reading &amp; learning from Mr Comey himself.
 An Appreciated Gift!
 Good timely book.  Comey writes a story very well.
 Good read
 As if knowing about the Trump admin. could get any scarier . . .but it does.  Director Comey presents himself as both flawed and sincere.  Great read.
 Excellent book describing the Peru’s our republic faces
 A little too much unecessary  information about the author throughout the book.
 The truth will out .  Interesting to read the inner workings of the FBI and relationship in our government. Wishing the best to Mr. Comey and family.
 Loved it.
 I wanted to hear his side of the story. I think he is 100% a man of honesty and integrity. A great read!
 Read this book. Regardless of whether you lean left or right or not at all, this book is well worth the insights it offers into the state of affairs in Washington, D.C.. And yet, despite all that we see and hear in the media circus of today, Comey offers a message of hope: “I choose to be optimistic. Yes, the current president will do significant damage in the short term. Important norms and traditions will be damaged by the flames. But forest fires, as painful as they can be, bring growth. They spur growth that was impossible before the fire, when old trees crowded out new plants on the forest floor. In the midst of this fire, I already see new life—young people engaged as never before, and the media, the courts, academics, nonprofits, and all other parts of civil society finding reason to bloom.”
 This will be the next book I read
 This such a good read. It helps to understand the reasoning behind things that happened in our government! Not a total Trump banishing book!!
 Well  written
 My husband and friend enjoyed reading this book.
 I wanted to hear Comey's side and I agree that things will be better after this administration run its  course.
 This is a fantastic book! All politics aside, I admire and respect Jim Comey. This book is essential for anyone aspiring to be a great leader.
 interesting
 A great read!!!
 A great read from a life long public servant.  Cuts through the fog.
 prompt two day service and good book.
 Found out the writer was as confused about situation as myself.  I walked away knowing him better.  I have more questions now but glad I wasn't the only person on this earth that sees similar patterns with gang or mafia policy
 I was disgusted, but not surprised, when Mr. Comey was fired and delighted to know he'd written a book about not only that experience, but gives an intimate look into his personal life and the decisions of why he chose his profession. Reading throughout the pages, one can learn the depth of Mr. Comey's character - one of honesty, integrity, and duty to a sense of honor of doing the right thing. Also, I appreciated his frank and intimate revelation of his interactions with Bob Mueller, Rudy Guiliani, George Bush, Dick Cheney, President Obama and of those in the current administration.<br/><br/>At the end of the book, he states he believes the US will rise out of the depth of degradation now ripe throughout the nation. That's one thing I disagree with Mr. Comey about. I fear we've gone too far and if, if the politicians and people manage to pull us above the rot we're embroiled in today, I suspect it'll only be after we've slammed hip deep into the slimy scum of Trump's swamp.
 Great book
 good book
 Great book!
 Came in good condition. The dust cover has a texture that makes it get smudgy though.
 A superb book.
 Would recommend to anyone that likes to curl up with a well written, thought provoking book.  Therapeutic....in a surreal way
 Well written book, which clarified much of what has transpired.
 Great book! Such a peculiar characteristic and mark of a true leader. This book made me learn much more than what i had envisaged. We ned people like Mr Comey to be this transparent and protect the nation. Only truth can win at the end of it all
 The first portion of Comey’s book is essentially a resume to prove his dedication to Truth and Justice. The later portion is an important account of the lies and injustices occurring in the United States of America under President Donald Trump.
 A truly engaging book
 Fascinating book!
 I was so glad I read it . !!! I was walking around for a long time hating James Comey. Now I understand things a little better. Good read. You should get it.
 Just started reading it!!
 great read!
 Well written informative book
 I learned a lot about Comey the man
 I haven't had a chance to finish yet, been very busy, but so far very interesting.
 Good, quick read
 A wonderful read.  A must read for any Police  Officer, Military Personnel, First Responder, Democrat, Republican, this is the book for you.  Loyalty to the USA above ALL else.  Within 1st day of release of book, I received sale price. Thank you Amazon.
 Funny serious engaging never thought comey fit that bill as author but he does. Well worth it and some great insight.
 Great book!
 Excellent condition
 I felt like Mr. Comey was honest and straight forward.  I enjoyed the book
 Good read
 Very interesting.
 I am very satisfied with your product and service.
 I enjoy the book. Interesting.
 loved the book
 This is an excellent book. Jim Comey is a leader of unquestionable ethics and honesty. I was anxious to read of his observations (based on his many years of experience  and training in the FBI.) Even the smallest of body language tells is noticed; and for the trained eye and profiler these have meaning. For those who have studied narcissism, we understand the significance of these observations. We also understand the reasons for concise notetaking and speaking truth publicly.  I intend to go back and highlight the many “quotable” comments about truth, honesty and leadership.
 I'll admit, I only bought this book because I like James Comey. People may think he is a "showboat", that he likes to get in front of the cameras, but I see him as an independent thinker who makes choices based on what he believes is the right thing to do and to hell with what people think of him. I use to be a big reader, but nowadays I mostly read the news (which can get very stressful). I bought this book to as a show of support for Mr. Comey, and I ended up getting sucked in. It is really a good book. I love his writing style, the understated yet descriptive--and yes, sometimes humorous--storytelling hooked me from the first page to the very end. I also bought it to piss off any Trump supporter that comes into my house. It really is a good read, I recommend you buy. The only thing I don't like is the jacket, those things are flimsy and I always take them off. Wish the actual hardcover had the same jacket design.
 Just read it! It Wil Will give you a good perspective on the great system  of government we take for granted
 Well written. An easy &amp; enjoyable read.
 good read. not for Trumpers
 WoW. Could not put it down. Very readable.
 Enjoyed his pov
 Fills the gaps that the media couldn't.
 Quick read. I liked it/
 Very enlightening, it explained so much of what is going on and about what happened in the past. But mostly it was a great insight to what made James Comey a good honest man.
 You can disagree with what he did and I do disagree but he provided a solid explanation of why he did what he did. Very articulate.
 So far so good!  Well written, lots of information about politics.
 VERY INFORMATIVE
 Great read in easy, honest and straightforward language.
 good read as expected
 An American Hero in my opinion.
 nice book
 I absolutely LOVED this book. Loved the candor, insight, lessons, and even inspiration to strive to be a good person.
 Still reading.
 A delightful read
 This is the best book I've read in some time. No matter which party you subscribe to, you owe it to yourself to hear from Comey's own words, his struggle to bring justice against corruption. Inspiring, but with a cautionary warning about our future.
 As described.
 Wonderful book!!!
 A man of great integrity!
 We've passed this around the neighborhood.  It fills in some background and reveals Comey as just the partially mature and almost bright enough executive we observe.  He admits his brother has talents he lacks, I would call it a lack of genuine empathy.  This book is a hastily put together personal defense, poorly edited, the writers are a bit clumsy, that part is irritating.  If words are important to you, you will be writing WC in the margins on most pages and underlining where you would like a more precise term edited in.  If you seek a convincing self defense, then this is not it.  Comey seems to play among equals, his critics may have even worse judgement.  For readers bent on being fair minded, this is frustrating.  Comey seems to have hurt both Republicans and Democrats, he seems not to trust or like elected officials.  He also reveals a lack of self discipline and an inability to follow agency guidelines.  What a club he joined.
 Fascinating!
 Okay
 Not what I was expecting.  An excellent book on ethical behavior that applies to anyone.
 Good reading.
 I found the book to be very informative.  I now have a clearer understanding of the issues that led up to some of the present conflicts we face during and as a result of this presidency
 Thank you Director Comey.
 Great book.  Well written.
 Interesting.  Dragged a bit a certain points, but definitely worth reading
 Details on meetings with Trump and New York fderal attorney general<br/><br/>Comets personnel stories
 Excellent read, and helpful to put our current administration in proper perspective. Thank you Mr. Comey for this meaningful and successful journal.
 Excellent!
 Interesting read from the pointbof view of James Comey. Provided a good background to why he got into law enforcement.
 A must read.
 Enjoyed the book that is full of information...insightful, easy reading . It gave me some unexpected view point about politics
 I liked his honesty...👍🏼
 There were a lot of good messages about justice, honesty, and leadership. And these were presented to the reader by the author retelling key moments in his life growing up, going to school, being a family man, and as a professional. There's bound to be something you'll get from this book. It doesn't come off as preachy and at the very least, it does explain how Comey is Comey, why he made certain choices during the election, and how he stood up against the bullying and pressure that you'd expect from President Trump. Cast your political differences aside, for Justice is non-partisan!<br/><br/>"I know there are men and women of good conscience in the United States Congress on both sides of the aisle who understand this. But not enough of them are speaking out. They must ask themselves to what, or to whom, they hold a higher loyalty: to partisan interests or to the pillars of democracy? Their silence is complicity - it is a choice - and somewhere deep down they must know that." - James Comey
 I have enjoyed reading this and was happy with the price and how promptly it was delivered to me.
 I feel compelled to write this review, just as I felt compelled to read this book as soon as I started.<br/><br/>I initially bought this book because of its relevance in current events. And perhaps because I saw a few of Comey's media appearances in the lead up to its release, saw what he said and thought "I really want to know what this guy was thinking at the time of all this".<br/><br/>But after starting the book, what a page turner. I typically read to kill time on my commute. Therefore it takes me ages to finish any one book (even fiction-novels). But this book, I felt compelled to read, it was very well written. The ideas are very easy to grasp, and are well supported by Comey's experiences and storytelling. As a book on leadership, it definitely serves as a good practical example. As a book on ethics, as someone who has taken a few ethics courses, it has been more informative than anything I have every taken.<br/><br/>Definitely a must-read.
 Informative read. I learned a lot. Comey is a patriot and I was not a fan before reading this. Must read
 Hugh fan! More than I expected.
 Great book
 Good book.
 Great book.
 Very well written and to the point without the tremendous negativity seen on broadcast.
 Very informative.
 Great read
 I chose this rating because I thought it was released a little prematurely. I thought it was a great read because it addresses the morals and values all patriots should embrace. This book should be shared with high school seniors and college students alike!
 Well written!  Very believable.  He does come across as a little sanctimonious, but honest.
 This book has some good nuggets for leaders and aspiring leaders. It is also inspirational. Never a dull moment.
 I began Comey’s book looking to dislike him, but to my surprise, I ended up being a fan.  He is refreshingly honest and real.
 Everybody is talking about Donald trump, either good or bad, you just can’t escape it.  With so much “fake news” and misinformation I decided to start doing my own research into what’s what.  I decided to read 45 books on 45 and start drawing my own independent conclusion into what is really going on.<br/>A higher Loyalty by James Comey is the first book I read on this journey and wow, I must say it was the perfect book to start with.<br/>My first impression of the book before I start reading was that Comey would come off as, I’ll use his words, “presumptuous, even sanctimonious”.  Comey addressed this in the very first line in the book.  Comey is self-aware like few people are these days.  As such he managed to do something I didn’t think was possible for him.  Which was to write a balanced book based off the truth as he sees it.  I was expecting a left leaning, trump is the end of the world, I am the self-proclaimed savior of truth, loyalty and integrity and while there was some of that, he kept everything in perspective.  He managed this by giving detailed descriptions of what he has encounter throughout his career.  He starts with life changing events from his childhood, talks about his early career as a prosecutor and working under Bush and Obama, in fact he doesn’t dive deep into trump until the end of the book.<br/><br/>Story – 5 Stars, hooks you from the beginning and holds your attention throughout<br/>Readability- 5 stars, Easy yet very informative read<br/>Overall – 5 stars, I would recommend this book to my friends.<br/>Better or worse then expected?  Better.<br/>Is it worth a reread?  Yes
 I found Comey's book interesting and insightful. I must admit to an anti - Trump bias, but as a long-time student of Watergate, the eerie similarities to current events makes this book fascinating. Reading it was like listening to a monologue.
 Good read.
 An important tool in understanding the behind the scenes events of this Presidency and the life of Comey.  Well written, honest, sincere, heartfelt.  I couldn’t put it down.
 Just to set the stage for my comments, I was a city manager in my career and, as such, my entire orientation is to be non-partisan in considering public policy and decision-making.  Like thousands of other dedicated non-partisan public servants, that was Comey's outlook, too.  I relate to his non-partisan world view - and, therefore, I don't blame him for Hillary's election failure; and I don't blame him for Trump's inability to govern ethically.<br/><br/>It is unfortunate that so much media attention focused only on about five sentences in the book (e.g. the one related to Trump's hand size).  Because the book is, in total, is a heartfelt honest story of a man ... and of a dedicated public servant who, late in his honorable career, was thrust into uncharted territory and trapped between no-win options.  After reading the book, I am convinced he did his best.<br/><br/>In my retired life, I teach ethics from a very practical perspective and in a governmental context.  Director Comey's commentary on the importance of humility in a leader goes to the heart of what separates good leaders (those that people want to follow) from the bad leaders (those that people are compelled to follow). I tell students that excessive ego - and thus the inability to be empathetic and reflective - is the single biggest reason for failures in leadership and ethics.  Excessive ego is a gigantic red flag.<br/><br/>We are in a time of gigantic red flags.  A Higher Loyalty does a nice, practical job, of reminding us what matters most in the service of people and our American ideals.  I highly recommend that people, whether liberal or conservative, set aside their biases and give it a read.  You will come away with greater respect for the man and the challenges he faced.
 Good insight into James Comey and his values.
 Even if you don’t like the guy this is worth the read to learn how our justice department works
 Enjoyed it.
 Just okay
 It was a good book
 OK
 Still reading the book.  Very interesting if this is a subject matter that interests you.
 This book was an eye opener. I’m sure history will show Mr. Comey to be the bigger man.
 Good read
 I was curious to learn what he’d been through. This book provides a in-depth description of the complex interactions in the government administrations. I agree his point in what a great leader should possess: integrity.
 I found this book intriguing, as it offered a look inside the inner-workings of our government and its checks and balances.<br/><br/>There are so very many positive things I could say regarding this book, but I will simply say this: No matter who you are, regardless of the political party with which you align yourself, this worthwhile read will be well worth your time and money. I highly suggest everyone obtain a copy and read it.<br/><br/>In my experience, the ebook with the Audible accompaniment evoked immense closeness with Mr. Comey and offered a true expression of Mr. Comey as a person, and it brought his ideals to life and made me respect him even more than I previously had, which I would not have expected possible prior to reading this book.<br/><br/>I intend to purchase a hard-cover first edition to add to my library because this book is an indispensable historical resource, one which I hope my children - and their children - will someday read, long after the fire of our times has been stifled.
 Great Book,
 Great book...he sounds believable...we’ll written...
 Good Book, everyone should read regardless of Party!
 Reading it right now. And wow!!
 I read this book because it became a "must read for myself" after all the analysis and condemnation based on nothing but conjecture and shortened previews. It was nothing like the revenge book or the tell-all of secrets I expected.  Instead it was a methodical retelling of Comey's life and career, shaped by his steadfast beliefs in the "ethical leadership" throughout the world, but foremost the need for incorruptible law enforcement agencies and judiciary. Comey really lived his beliefs - foregoing possibly much higher paying jobs for high-pressure assignments in places like New York where he prosecuted the Gambino crime family.  His undoubtedly very well rewarded jobs as general counsel for first Lockheed Martin and then Bridgewater were only a brief interlude between work at the Bush Justice Department and his most infamous stance during the Clinton/Trump competition - tapes and emails, what tapes? Comey devotes only a brief segment of the book to the really shameful way he was fired. He describes himself as "someone who was quite memorably and publicly fired from his last job." - this is a part of the book I had to reread several times and I admire Comey for his restraint and I admire the staff of the FBI for supporting him in a way that preserved whatever dignity there was left. Comey's thinking and actions were always methodical - really, does the man not do anything just because? I admire him for his steadfast resolve in his private as well as public life. Maybe this book was long planned and the unceremonious parting made it all the more relevant. I recommend it highly.
 I am moving slowly with this one, I cannot give a complete review but it is a bit of a job to get in to.......
 Well written and eye opening
 Good read.
 Not read.  I have a lot of reading to do, would't you say?
 Very interesting insight. Take it with a grain of salt like with anything, but I enjoyed the read.
 Great book, well worth the read.
 I hope we hear more from James Comey.
 Excellent
 This is a good read.  Don’t believe the nay sayers.  Read it yourself
 Comey is a great writer. His insights are fascinating.
 This is an awesome account of current events.  Director Comey has done a great survice and will be vendicated in history.
 good book
 Great book
 What a gift we have been given, the reassurance that there are good people working and caring for this wonderful country.<br/>I purchased this book for myself and also for two very loved family members who observe the crazy  US politics from afar with complete and utter amazement. No matter your politics this is a must read you won't be able to put down.
 Jame Comey wrote a very truth telling book. It was I think very believable .
 Great read, highly recommend,
 A thought provoking read, a view of life in Washington during these tumultuous times.  Although written from Comey’s viewpoint, it gives one pause to consider the politics that are brought into play.
 Good Book
 A great read and a respectable man. It is sad what is being done to him by our current BS president and his miss guided following. May the USA wake up and survive this dark time
 I wasn't sure about buying this book because I was pretty angry at Comey's decision to speak out about Hillary so close to the election and I do believe it had something to do in the overall results. I bought it because I wanted to understand where he was coming from when he did this. Although I don't agree, and I think he has to justify it to himself, the book is well written and flows easily. Gave me a glimpse into the man who I think made a huge mistake, but how Trump fired Comey was wrong on many levels. Although disagree with the author, I am glad he is making money on book and will be ok financially. No one deserves the disrespect he got from the president.
 Great read. Comey shows true character and describes the meaning of what great leadership is. He’s a very respectable man
 Really solid look at leadership, as told by someone who worked with a plethora of leadership styles in some of the most powerful positions in the country and world
 Clear, authentic and believable first hand account of the Trump junta et al.
 good read
 It added to my negative opinion of the 45th president.
 Great Reading
 Great read.
 This should be required reading.  A candid inside view of a pivotal time in our country’s evolution and a display of character, integrity, and wisdom that we will one day realize was the absolute best we could ever have hoped for.
 Interesting but I did find Comey to be a little sanctimonious at times - which got him into trouble at the end of his career.  But, clearly his intentions were not political.
 I just finished the book and I loved it. It was worth buying it!
 Great writer
 Hard to get into but good book
 You can much of this off the newsfeeds and commentaries but it filled in many of the gaps I hade regarding Comey's motives and decisions he made at the time he made them.
 Very Interesting.  All the hype about Trump does this book a disservice  as only a very small portion of the book is about Trump.  Interesting look into Comey's past government positions and cases.
 No matter whether you run red or blue this book is fantastic! I've already had arguments from my conservative family members that won't give this book a chance because of what the talking heads say on TV. Don't believe them. This book is not out to sway anyone for or against a political party. This book is not used to bash critics or whine about fairness. All this book does is tell one man's life story and how he came to work for the POTUS.<br/><br/>It seems like it's impossible to find someone that isn't out to deceive, play an angle, or be so myopic as to distort reality. Comey never mentions his political affiliations or opinions. He talks about doing the job, respecting the rule of law, and, perhaps most importantly, doing what's right despite pressure to sell out. Comey is absolutely refreshing in his no nonsense attitude, to look for what's really important in life, and above all his ability to see the whole picture.<br/><br/> As you follow Comey from childhood, to college, to career he points out incidents or individuals that have shaped his views on what makes a good leader. He's thoughtful, fair, and brutally honest. There are parts that will make you laugh and parts that will make you head for the box of tissues. He makes you think. Think of someone that makes you want to work harder and be a better person just by being around them. What did that person have that others didn't? Think of every boss that that made your life miserable, and earning a paycheck a chore. What were they lacking in their job?<br/><br/>You will walk away from this book wondering, just for an instant, what it would be like to have joined the FBI.<br/>---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/>TL;DR<br/><br/>Comey just tells his life story and the positive influences he has met that shaped his outlook on life. I highly recommend the audio book as he narrates his own story.
 I bought it because I hate trump
 Honest, funny and we'll written.
 An honest look at the Trump mess.
 Compelling subject matter. Loved that the book was read by Director Comey himself. (He has a great voice). His call for ethical leaders is so desperately needed today. As long as there are public servants like Comey still around, we are going to be ok.
 Please read what I wrote above. I am on a high after reading this. I wish I could meet and thank James Comely personally.
 James Comey's _A Higher Loyalty_ far surpassed my expectations for the book.  Being a republican who worked for both the republican Bush and democratic Obama administrations, he was able to maintain the necessary non-partisan perspective in dealing with all legal aspects of his position as head of the F.B.I.  HIs writing takes the reader to the beginning of his tenure with President George W. Bush describing various interactions with the commander-in-chief, and his concerns for working with the-then president-elect Obama as one presidency ended and the other began.  He soon realized that Obama would be predictable and fair and his knowledge of constitutional law profound in all concerns thus making the transition a smooth one.  Treasuring the professional relationship he had developed with President Obama, he became greatly concerned for the status of the U.S.as it transitioned into president-elect Trump's leadership.  Comey saw all professional protocol illiminated, personal favors constantly requested from non-partisan leaders of both the F.B.I and the C.I.A.  The challenges of the Trump presidency threw the U.S. into antagonistic relationships with many of our allies while Trump pursued an unethical relationship with Russia's Putin.  In short, Comey's detailed descriptions catch the reader's attention while explaining the reasons for our country's system of checks and balances.  This book is a Must-Read!
 a must read!
 terrific
 Great read
 Interesting and informative.
 Fascinating book and quick read.
 While I have not read the complete book, I think I will love it  since I am a huge fan of Jim Comey and feel that it will be worth the read. I think it will reveal his reasons for making some decisions that were not popular.
 Fantastic Book
 As a retired state police detective lieutenant I wish I could have worked for such a thoughtful, empathetic, honest leader. James Comey’s book should be studied by all law enforcers who care about their oaths to protect and serve the public.
 Interesting
 The best way I can describe my feelings about this book is to quote my 90 year old father who said this after reading it: "This book should be required reading for every American." I couldn't agree more.
 Good read. Answered a lot of questions.
 This a great book by an honest man. I' m so glad that<br/>former FBI director Comey had the courage to write it.
 Informative and educational
 Couldn't put it down very interesting
 Received promptly and just what everyone was talking about.
 good read
 Content!!!
 He tells it like it is ina clear and concise narritive.I litigated against Jim Comey 25 years ago I the SDNY and was fair to fault then as he is now.
 Very interesting book. Read it in 2 days!
 A red for all...so much false news, good to see what kind of man and though process is behind Comey
 In "A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership", James "Lordy" Comey tells a very detailed story of his life and employment history.  Many portions add new depth to a man most of us only know from his televised Congressional testimony.  His relationship with his first boss as a teen, and with his wife, reveal much about where he learned and honed his leadership style.  Descriptions of his management of the FBI made me wish he'd been my boss.  Descriptions of his home life made me wonder about his relationships with his kids, but this was not included.  Having been mostly disinterested about some historical news, I was enlightened through his descriptions of who he prosecuted, and why.  That all made me wonder how Comey would have acted if he'd had a chance to investigate Trump (we all missed out there, LOL).  Despite the professionalism and detail, Comey's book is an easy read.  Could almost hear him exclaim, "Lordy, I hope so!"  His book also makes me wonder, why does it seem some people get more common sense than others get?  I'd love to sit in on one of Comey's speeches or classes.  Next book should be titled, :"Lordy".
 This is a study of a truly great man and his development.  It is a call to remember when politicians were about more than winning!
 As described
 Great story what media doesn't tell you.
 Lots of interesting insight from Comey around his life, the FBI, his career in gov't - and, of course, the 2016 election and the events that surrounded it. Worth reading to contextualize his thought process &amp; decision making process.
 My husband enjoys reading this book.
 Well written, thought provoking, excellent book!
 I must say that I had mixed feelings about buying the book because I honestly feel like Comey's revelation about the extra Hillary Clinton emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop, cost her the election and left us with the disaster that we now have. However I wanted to get his side of the story and I am glad I bought the book and read it.<br/>  Comey is about integrity and honesty. He worked for several presidents. He explained the struggle he went through about revealing the email situation. He also explained that they did not have enough on the Trump - Russia collusion to talk about it at the time. The book also explores some of the big cases in his history including Martha Stewart, and his prosecution of mob cases. The last chapter is about his dealings with Donald Trump, and his insight into this president's character. Well worth the read.
 If you think you know what's inside from the numerous interviews and media reports, that's incorrect.  This book is about a lot more.<br/>Very worth the time!!  Lots to learn for certain!
 So interesting!
 This was a great read! I thought his life was fascinating, and learn so many things I didn't know about him. He comes across as a very genuine and credible person.  I highly recommend this book!
 There have been so many stories about Comey, that we got to a point where we needed a logical, true explanation of the events that transpired between the President and Comey.  This is it!
 By the time I finished I felt as if he is a close friend!
 So-so
 Excellent read. Good to get information.
 I thought it was very well-written and unbiased, contrary to all the hype.  People thought Comey was going to bash Trump, when in reality, it was exactly what he said it would be about: Truth, Lies, and Leadership.
 Self serving. Should not have been written while investigation was ongoing. Very little new information
 well written
 Excellent book!
 A good read from his perspective and experiences.
 Was very good and I felt he was telling it like it is
 great book
 Wonderful book, very honest man.
 In a time of extreme partisanship choosing a middle course is often the hardest and costliest thing to do. Nothing demonstrated this more clearly than the final two years of James Comey's leadership of the FBI. In this autobiographical study on Ethical Leadership, Mr. Comey clearly takes the reader on a fascinating journey culminating in those disastrous two years and his ultimate firing.<br/><br/>Not without a few flaws, this book is an excellent and worthwhile read, regardless of political persuasion, if you consider yourself fair-minded. Contrary to the shrill hysteria in the media boosted by extreme political hacks, A Higher Loyalty is not all about Donald Trump, in fact, after reading the book, I consider him to be a bit player in this narrative.<br/><br/>Of course, history will have a much different opinion.
 Excellent!!
 Well written account of his life in the world of Justice and his thoughts and perspectives on some of the biggest legal controversies of the past 20 or so years.
 The book was everything I thought it would be and more.<br/><br/>I believe every word of this book and agree with his assessment of the current administration which is a scourge on the American people!
 Really enjoyed this book. While James Comey had some tough decisions to make, I believe he puts country over party every time.<br/>Really interesting reading about his life and history of service.
 Great read!
 An easy read.  Interesting.  Entertaining.
 Comey gives a very positive description of his life and career.  He has been unfairly criticized. He was placed in a very uncomfortable position and made some difficult decisions.  He would have been criticized by any decision he made or any inaction.  (The Inspector General's report describes the difficult position he was put in and criticizes his judgment. BUT IT FOUND NO PREJUDICE.)<br/><br/>Hillary was the wrong candidate and many mistakes were made by her and her campaign. Comey was not solely responsible for her loss. We will never know how much she was hurt by Comey because of all the other shortcomings of Clinton and the Dem leadership. It is unfortunate that many Dems refuse to recognize the many other problems. It is ironic that Trump criticizes Comey when his actions helped Trump to an unknown extent.
 Great to get this perspective on events we lived through and saw unfold in real time.  It’s definitely important to remember it is one perspective and point of view on the events, however.  Still, all in all, it’s very enlightening.
 Read this book with an open mind. There is truth here that must be conveyed. We are living in challenging political times BUT this too shall pass. Our Nation will survive and thrive again! We are a GREAT already!
 Gives some good insight into just what kind of monster we currently have in the White House.
 Great book
 It’s well written and honest. The only reason I didn’t give it five stars is because I had heard so much of it by the time I read it.  But this is the whole story, unvarnished and carefully spelled out chronologically.
 Enjoyed reading!
 Great story
 Very interesting account of a man involved with the political world for decades.
 I enjoyed the book
 Very believable, first person insight into the Trump presidency.
 James Comey has the kind of integrity we should all hope for and REQUIRE in our leadership!  I wish James Comey would run for president!
 kind of good
 Every American should read this Book!!!  He is a true hero in this present climate of UN-HERO'S - like ourmentallt  unstable president!!!
 Brave
 As a doctor, minister and someone who has looked into every side of our current social/political climate, James Comey's book offers Truth, and the vital historical contexts we all urgently need to move forward.
 Comey came across as thoughtful and truthful. I applaud his integrity, especially working with an administration that lacks all 3 qualities.
 GOOD BOOK===AS ALWAYS, GOOD PRICES ON AMAZON
 Well, I bought as a gift for my Mom. She loved it.
 This is a slow read. NOT beacuse it's boring but beacuse it has so much information in it.
 It's nice to know that a government bureaucrat can write well, which for those of us who worked in the government is, in and of itself, quite amazing. I know he had editorial help but so do a lot of the op-ed people whose material is far less logical and well presented. I don't agree with all of Comey's conclusions but his evidence is compelling and he presents it in a logical way. I would have liked him to elaborate more on the long term impact of the events of 2016 and 17 but, given Mueller's investigation and other investigations, I can understand why he did not. The key that comes from this - and that he has presented in public appearances - is that regardless of what we do and the mistakes we make - we must return to the selfless and honorable behavior that are the heart and soul of our democratic traditions.
 When you read whole book very interesting
 A Higher Loyalty has always been the bright shining star in James Comey's sky. Comey began life in a middle class home. He dreamed of being a doctor but following a home break in by a fugitive from justice he changed his mind! Comey and his younger brother were held at gunpoint by the criminal intruder but were soon rescued. He decided that law enforcement would be the best career choice. Comey graduated from William and Mary in Virginia and the University of Chicago Law School. He became a federal prosecutor in New York working for Rudy Guiliani. He worked in many cases against the Mob. Comey moved to Virginia and continued his career as a prosecutor. During the George W.Bush and Obama administrations he worked as assistant attorney general. He admired AG John Ashcroft but was much less a fan of Vice President Dick Chaney and AG Alberto Gonzalez. Comey also admired President George W. Bush and Barack Obama. he believes Obama is a great listener and is able to communicate in an effective manner with his staff. Much of the book contains Comey's thoughts on effective and ethical leadership style. He and his family have suffered tragedy when the Comey's son died as an infant. He and his wife have five living children.<br/> Comey was the head of the FBI for almost four years before being fired by President Donald J. Trump. The author goes into detail about the FBI probe of the Hillary Clinton e-mail problem . Comey was fired because Trump did not want the FBI to investigate his administration's links to the Russian government. Comey has several anecdotes relating to Trump's style of governing. He is not a fan of the Donald!<br/>  The book is well written and one admires James Comey for his honesty and devotion to government service. A good man, leader and public servant! Recommended!
 After reading I truly felt like I had a better understanding of the situation that Mr. Comey and the FBI found themselves in during the course of the election.
 An excellent book which offers a fair and balanced review of the Trump presidency
 mhm. yessir
 Interesting insight. Highly informative.
 Jim Clapper is a no nonsense patriot with over 50 years of service in the Intel community.  His book lays out a compelling case that the Trump administration coordinated their activities with Russian cut outs.
 Interesting! Not done reading.
 Great book.  Very easy read
 Great read!
 This book was an eye opener. The writing was so down to earth and from the heart. James Comey can really write a compelling reason to be more involved in the political world around us and to give thanks for the truly dedicated people who serve in our government in humble and honest commitment.
 It is an excellent lesson to the new generations, and some of the old, what these values of honor and truth means for leadership and for a the american culture.
 Occasionally, amid the surging flood of alternative versions of reality, one or more of them surface(s) with a kind of undeniable plausibility. There may be contradictions in detail across the small populations of ‘plausibles’, but they stand out from the herd because of a certain intrinsic believability.<br/><br/>Jim Comey’s A HIGHER LOYALTY is in my view such a description of events.<br/><br/>After a superb and varied career in public service that ended with a loud thud, Comey does not have to earn his right to be heard. Yet, erected upon that career’s foundation, his narration of events and his description of the White House’s current occupant as a high needy mafioso figure is undeniably plausible. This narration and description need to be heard, read, considered, and placed in evidence along with other present and emerging evidence that a great deal of irresponsible and indeed clueless conduct has taken place and continues to go down in this White House.<br/><br/>As a life-long Republican who wonders what has happened to the thing we used to be able to describe in level tones as ‘principled conservatism’, I find Comey’s account profoundly alarming.<br/><br/>What if only 60% of Comey’s reportage ends up meeting the standard of last facts standing after all has been said and done and shake out? Even after such a 40% haircut, tremendous damage will have been done to an enduring institution.<br/><br/>This reader is uninterested in plausible deniability. But I am deeply alarmed by the undeniable plausibility of the truth, the lies, and the leadership reported by this consummate insider (a description that just a short while ago we did not consider a disqualification).<br/><br/>Read and consider.
 Straight forward and to the point. Enjoyed it very much. As I read I remember seeing all the twits and turns nightly on TV.
 This book offers insight to real patriotism and dedication to public service to which many current-day politicians are blind.
 Well written from a trusted man with integrity!!
 Really a biography. Certainly established Comey's veracity and credibility. Would like to know more details, methodology in conducting investigations.
 The book was awesome .I just wished it didn't end so soon.
 very interesting
 I liked this book...fast reading
 I really enjoyed this book. The book is the story of James Comey from childhood and all through out his experience as Director of the FBI. I have to say Mr. Comey has led a VERY interesting life. I agree with him 100% on what makes a great leader!!!<br/><br/>I was really enjoying the book until we got the the section on Trump, which is towards the end and only a small portion of the book. I was so angry reading it. How in world did we end up with this horrible leader. I do not want to get into politics but Trump lacks everything that make a great leader. I for one believe EVERY single word in this book and believe Mr. Comey’s “side of the story”. Trump has proven to me over and over and over again what a liar he is. He has been caught on national television and on numerous recordings flat out lying!! Therefore, I believe this book - every word of it. I hope McCabe and Tillerson both write books as well.<br/><br/>Message to Hollywood: Someone out there... buy the rights to this book and make it into a mini series and put it through the awards season. I love the book and it was so well written, I would normally not want it turned into a movie/mini series, but America needs to be informed on what really went down. I do not think many know this side of the story. Too many are relying on Trump’s “fake” tweets.
 Has the ring of truth when lies in the political arena abound.
 Good insight into his perspective.  He comes off a bit petty at times but also has some valid observations.  Good read overall.
 Great read.
 Enjoyable, easy read.  All about Comey, Little about the president
 A great perspective of current issues. Provides valuable insight to help the reader understand the political issues of our times.
 Great Read. Highly anticipated &amp; I pre-ordered a copy. Was not disappointed. I found James Comey’s book interesting &amp; well written.  Would definitely recommend.
 Honest, compelling, a look into the tortuous decision making process which had to be made by the Director. His candid portrait of POTUS paints and confirms many previously conceived ideas of the autocrat..
 Well written, poignant and compelling autobiography that describes the personal history of Jim Comey.  One is left with a more complete sense of the integrity and moral fibre that Comey has earned over his life to this point.  I couldn't help but find him a man of honor with high ethical standards who deeply loves his country, and understands the complex relationships that must exist between the judiciary and the executive branches of government, and the role of the FBI as an independent truth seeking arm of law enforcement.  Comey pulls few punches when he explicates his dealings with D. Trump, and details the dramatic contrast between the current Oval Office occupant with the former two occupants of that revered office.  While there is no political experience in Trump's Curriculum Vitae, clearly there is very little competency either in virtually any behavior or activity engendered by this man whose style is to sit behind the Lincoln desk when others are in the room (an artifice for presenting a power position not done by either former president) and who simply runs his administration using the same principles as the Cosa Nostra mechanism typical of mob organization.  The completely surprised Comey who discovered his position terminated while viewing a news broadcast on tv does a carefully articulated evaluation of his serious concern for the integrity of the nation in addition to that of its leader.  More about the integrity of the author, however, the book paints a picture of achieving hard-earned respect and the American system of checks and balances and how it's all on rather shaky ground in this current presidential administration.
 Obviously Comes screwed up but at least he seems truthful. His book is a confirmation of this.
 Very interesting book!  I was hooked from the beginning, by glimpses into bringing down the mob bosses and learning their version of 'Loyalty' Cosa Nostra style. The behind the scenes look at the struggles over torture policy... WOW! The difficulties of leadership are well described including responsibility for making decisions that end in a lose/lose for everyone especially one's self. The theme of 'Loyalty' Cosa Nostra style, is a good one for discussions on ethical leadership and where we want our society to go.  The blockbuster movie potential is IMMENSE.  How are they ever going to find an actor to play 6'8" JC?
 Good read
 Mr. Comey is without a doubt a man who should pursue public life. His integrity is without a doubt of the highest quality. It was a joy reading his book!
 My wife loved it.. I am next to rear it
 I was hoping to get a lucid account of the weird world of American politics. This very well written book did this and more.<br/>I believe this guy.
 I ordered this book in hopes of understanding the entire nightmare that we are living.  I am very proud that James Comey remained professional to explain a very difficult situation.  A much higher and clear perspective than many others involved would have given or have attempted to misconstrued.  It's never easy to be set against the ocean but the tide always recedes and we will be amazed at what is staring into our faces.  Kudos to you, Mr. Comey!  Never easy to walk this journey but you did with not only your head held high but our Country's best interest at heart.  Very few have chosen this path for many years.  Yet, hope is not lost!
 Came exactly as it said it would.  Appreciate the communication.
 Recommended reading for D. Trump...
 James Comey's book should be required reading for all Americans over 16 yr of age!  Easy reading, insightful on how the FBI &amp; Department of Justice are critical to American.  So pleased he took the time to write this book!
 Interesting reading at a reasonable price for a new release book.
 There's a lot of talk here about people writing reviews without the "verified purchase" tag. Ok, so you bought the book at Walmart and decided to write a review...in Amazon. First, why? I'm sure the Walmart website or wherever you bought your book has its own section for reviews. Second, if I don't see a "verified purchase" tag, I choose to believe you haven't read the book and let's face it; very few of the zealous Trump supporters are actually going to read it. It is kind of funny that once you get out of the one to three stars that almost every single review includes the "verified purchase" tag whereas there are quite a number of one and two star reviews without that tag. Hmmm. Helluva coincidence.<br/>I believe that James Comey is an honest man. During the months running up to the election, he did what he knew had to be done regardless of what was politically popular. I'll be the first to admit when Comey announced a month out from election day that the investigation into Clinton's emails was being reopened that I thought it was a purely politically motivated stunt to throw the election to The Donald. Turns out Comey was just doing his job. Quite telling that Team Trump seemed solidly behind Comey until, quite properly, he refused to pledge unconditional loyalty to His Orangeness. Let's face it: Comey was fired for not being a team player and for doing his job as he was sworn to do. This book makes clear that if you're not on Trump's side, you're to be cast aside and quite publicly trampled into the ground via Twitter. We get an idea of just how out of his league our current president is.
 Great insight from his point and. What really happened
 James comey is an excellent writer . With very interesting material that seems factual and honest
 A very good read. Interesting to hear about James Comey’s life and his insights into the government. I highly recommend it.
 Really enjoyed his honesty and candor. No major dislikes
 My mother stated that she really enjoyed the book
 James Comey is the gold standard of truth.  After telling us some about how he developed into the person he is, he explains what it was like to serve in an incredibly important capacity under our immoral, mentally ill president.<br/><br/>One of the many difficult issues that make better sense to me now is why the FBI re-opened the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails so close to the election; I was furious about this.  But now I agree that the reputation of the FBI is more important than the election outcome, for the FBI will endure in the future, and crazy Trump will be gone at some point.<br/><br/>Comey's account of these very important contemporary issues refreshed my hope for America as well as mankind.  He offers truth in the midst of the vortex of confusion caused by our lying president as well as hope for our future as Americans.
 Amazing book.
 Regardless of the politics, excellent treatise about leadership.
 Autobiographical insights
 Grat American, Comey is.<br/>Conservatives should read this with an OPEN MIND.
 One day history will remember what a mockery Trump brought to the presidency and we will look back and read this book to see one of the first people to stand up and say "No this is not America!!!"
 Interesting. memoir of a true American patriot.  This book is an honest vindication against the lies that have been told about him.
 James Comey has always struck me as an honest guy.  I'm also of the opinion he made the right decision in prior to the election acknowledging that the FBI was researching new findings of Hilary Clinton's emails.  Hey, Hilary.  if you don't want to be investigated then don't have a personal server.<br/><br/>But this is an autobiography allowing the reader to capture the influences of his growth and how he ended up in the eye of the storm that is Trump politics.  Trump is not touched until chronologically in the last 15% of the book. True to form he writes of him in the same dispassionate manner as the rest of the book.<br/><br/>Read for yourself but an American law officer gives his honest opinions.  You can argue he wrote this too soon but generally I think this is appropriate.
 Obligatory reading for current times.<br/><br/>Without honor and principles, what are we left with?
 Whether you’ve kept up with the events leading up to and following Comey’s firing or not, this is a good book about his experience, the mission of the FBI and what they’re ultimately responsible for.
 Great read!
 interesting
 Great insights into ethical leadership.
 Still getting into this
 An excellent look at inside the man Trump fired.  Wish it was him inside the White House.  His honesty and passion are greatly missed whether we know it or not.
 Very interesting read.
 great book - explains how the FBI works
 Well written, very informative! A must read. Spend the extra money for the audio, as Comey dictates himself.
 Great book!  James Comey may have made a few mistakes, he is human and is an honest person with integrity.
 An interesting look into American contemporary history and politics. Very well written and educative.
 Loved this book and have shared with many others.  They all liked it too
 I enjoyed reading this book, very interesting. Regardless of my political views and beliefs, reading this book makes a person see how we need the 3 branches of government. But more importantly we need truth!
 Inspirational review of behaviors needed to be a leader and truthful review of the facts related to his experiences in his job and encounters with Trump.
 This book helped me understand what happened in the election year.  Highly recommend!!
 This book is well written. The dialog flows easily with great descriptions and some humor sprinkled in.
 Ok book but if it makes Trump gag then I’m happy to have bought it.
 Thoroughly good reading, enjoyed the book immensely!!
 Excellent well written book by who I believe is an ethical man. James Comey can be a role model not only for young leaders in the US but also for young leaders around the world. I think examples from this book will definitely be case studies reviewed in leadership courses. I am a not a US citizen but still enjoyed the book immensly!
 It was a quick read!  Enjoyed this book!
 Thoughtful in site into a interesting career. Many interesting revelations about the Trump presidency non of which was really surprising.
 A very interesting read for anyone curious as to what went down (and yes, I realize this is ONE point of view). Loved it!
 Expectations met.
 Great book. A true patriot.
 A good read from a non writer. Very insightful.
 Great read
 I didn't think I would like this. Pleasantly surprised by his candor.  Hopefully it will not be for naught! Hoped for more details.
 Incredible insight and experience especially in the final years with Trump. You will not be disappointed in what you learn.
 This well written book provides insight into the Trump presidency.  Comey is a true leader and I commend him for doing what is right for our country.
 This was a very interesting book. Enjoyed the read from beginning till end. Very honorable man Come is.
 No one can deny his truth. We can only hope for the best and know we will get past this horrific situation.
 Bien escrito. Honesto. Revelador. Trump me parece peligroso y el resultado de la degradación de la sociedad occidental. Felicitaciones al autor.
 Arguably self-serving, but fascinating perspective on the loss of this nation's soul through the prism of a career public servant.
 Great insight into the FBI and how the director interacts, or should interact, with the president. While a fascinating read, the writing style and flow of the book is a bit clumsy at times.
 Fast informative read.
 Great read!<br/>A true patriot!
 Very well written and an interesting and informative read.
 Overall, a very good read.
 This was an absolutely wonderful book! My husband is now reading it and then we are sending it to his father! Would buy it all over again
 Very interesting, and knowledgeable.
 This is the 2nd book I have read from someone high in government who explains without a lot of blame on others. I believe Mr. Comey is an honorable man in a hard situation.
 It brought out the significance of the workings of the government.
 Great info.
 Somewhat wordy, way too much background information.
 Good read.  Gave quite a bit of insight into the decision making process of the Director.  Hard job, hard decisions.
 Interesting to hear from James Comey's perspective.
 Appears to be written honestly and gives you a perspective of what goes on behind capitol doors.
 Loved every gripping word! Loved the integrity seeping through and punctuating the discussion! Loved the dialog and raw honesty! Loved the humility throughout!
 Very interesting book.  Read it in one sitting.
 excellent book!
 Great book. Insightful and easy to read.
 scary book
 Loved the book.
 Excellent book explaining his life and journey through life with his job in the FBI.. Verh smart man and did his job very well.. excellent reading!!
 Great narrative and fluid flow of words in mostly non technical terms
 Loved this book. I was pleased to find not everything is about the Donald! Sorry he had so much personal grief.
 Very well written, and I admire the writers insight and integrity. Wish more of our elected officials would have similar traits, especially the one presently running our country.
 Don’t let the noise surrounding this man dissuade you from the facts. This book reveals the vulnerability of a true patriot torn between no good choices. Well written.
 A good account by a dedicated player on the Washington stage. History will be the judge and jury of this political theater.
 well written
 I enjoyed learning about Comey and his perspective towards his role as a leader. Whilst willing to accept some of his flaws as a leader, I also found him somewhat sanctimonious. Much of the information I was already privy to having been ardently watching and reading the news and news commentary over the last couple of years. Still, it's a book worth reading--one of many that have and will be written about the Trump presidency.
 Mr. Coney brings introspective judgement based on a lifetime of experience serving his country. This is the value of a free press, speaking truth to power.
 Good book, quick delivery.
 Wonderful read , gave me a great insight ! Kudos to him for his honesty ......a must read for all!
 Best book I've read in a long time.
 This book is amazing. Perfect condition. Perfect Read.
 Was a little slow, w a lot of background on Comey, but informative for sure.
 Great book.
 Best book I have read in a long time. It is completely bipartisan or, more precisely, apolitical.
 Great book. If you're looking for an all-out rant against the current admin, skip this book. Mr. Comey has had an interesting career and has thoughtful insights on leadership. He presents them articulately.
 Interesting!
 Enjoyed reading the Truth !
 Enjoy good guys books......
 It's a fascinating read
 Such a good book.......easy to read and understand
 best book I have read in a long time
 This is the best book I've ever read in the history of the entire universe! I highly recommend this to anyone and everyone. I love this book! Go James!
 Very good. I enjoyed it very much. Finally the truth is told!  I trust Mr Coney to tell the truth more that I trust Trump to tell the truth. Thank you Mr. Coney for writing this book
 It’s no surprise that I loved James Comey’s book, “A Higher Loyalty.” I have read some reviews. There is one thing, though: I want to know how Comey’s very evident dedication to justice resides side by side with what he says about ethical leadership:<br/><br/>“Ethical leaders do not run from criticism, especially self-criticism, and they don’t hide from uncomfortable questions. They welcome them.”<br/><br/>Then, on the subject of DNI Clapper, Comey says:<br/><br/>“Jim Clapper was the leader I admired most in government... As the leader of the FBI, which is part of the American intelligence community, I reported to Director Clapper as well as the attorney general.” I want to know how he  can reconcile his self-described emphasis on ethics, and justice with his high opinion of Clapper.<br/><br/>Remember this?<br/><br/>“Clapper, director of national intelligence from 2010 to 2017, testified during a March 2013 Senate Intelligence Committee hearing that the NSA was ‘not wittingly’ collecting ‘any type of data at all’ on millions of Americans. Months later, former NSA contractor Edward Snowden revealed secret court orders forced phone companies to turn over all U.S. call records on an ‘ongoing, daily basis.’”<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book for any and all who want a better understanding what happened between Comey and President Trump.
 Excellent book. Well written.
 Interesting quotes
 I was pleasantly surprised that the title of this book was the perfect choice. It’s the story of how a humble, dedicated man, through decades of extraordinary experiences, developed a deep sense of simply “right/fair vs wrong/unfair”. Comey does a masterful job of explaining from beginning to end how he made each and every decision that ultimately led him to his October 2016 decision to speak out. Thank you Mr. Comey for clarifying your thoughts. I for one thoroughly enjoyed your detailed explanation. I’m sorry you have suffered such vilification (and a firing) considering how you agonized to make the right decision over your way too many no-win decisions. If those two 2016 presidential candidates who have nothing good to say about you, had your character and integrity, we would certainly be in a better place today!!
 Overall a good read, good of done without some of the personal history. Great for new and soon to be leaders.
 Lessons on integrity, leadership, loyalty and the corruption of the current administration.
 A little late to the party, but the book is decent and eye opening. The last 3 or 4 chapters are what makes the book.
 This is the story of a true public servant; unfortunately a dying breed these days.
 You know it when you her it and you know it when you don't.  who do you believe?
 Read it and enjoyed it.
 With this book, James Comey hopefully changed the trajectory of America.  His life-long commitment to service to his country demonstrated by his inclusive &amp; visionary leadership as Director of the FBI, is exemplary.  As I read, 4 - 5 passages brought tears to my eyes - Robert Mueller's deeply sensitive bedside words John Ashcroft's bedside; Trump's cruelty by firing Comey with a Tweet, like brushing a flake of dandruff off his shoulder &amp; then creating an uproar over Comey's journey home. As the Special Counsel's investigation progresses - and the conclusions I anticipate he will reach - I sincerely hope James Comey will be vindicate &amp; patriotic Americans will rise up, speak up and take overt actions to restore the values so many men &amp; women have fought and died to protect. I donated my copy to the local library (there's a long wait list!) - to help spread James Comey's story &amp; message to my neighbors &amp; friends - &amp; his hope for a groundswell of action. United we stand! I look forward to reading his sequel .... soon!
 Enjoyed entire writing extremely interesting
 great
 Good read
 Great book for anyone interested in criminal justice.
 This book spans many years...it is interesting, insightful and well written.
 We all come to this book with our own attitudes and prejudices about what makes a good leader and what differentiates this person from a despot, such as a Stalin. I am sure that people at opposite ends of the spectrum will see in this book only those things that support their position as it existed before they started reading. For those in the middle of these two opposite extremes, my desire for the Country that I love is they honestly read this book and figure a way to help us out of the morass.
 I am having a hard time getting into reading this book. I think i5s boring. That's just me. I thought the book<br/>would be more interesting.
 Comey told a well written story  in his honest, forthright manner.  His ability to speak plainly about telling the truth and doing the right thing was compelling.
 Interesting.
 Well written and easy to read. He clearly understands the impact of his actions. I love that he points out good leaders and why he admires them.
 I enjoyed the book. He admits his missteps and after personal conversations with people who worked in the FBI they agree that the Comey described in the book is the Comey they knew
 Great to hear the real story from the man himself. Well written and quick read. Hope there will be a follow up book in the near future.
 It was ok, didn't grab my attention quickly.
 Loved this book . Makes you question our Govmnt.
 Interesting book about the most turbulent time in American politics. James Comey was at the center of all that unraveled during the 2016 presidential election. Good read.
 Awesome book!
 Well written book. Very easy read.
 I like Comey's matter-of-fact telling of his story. I follow this nuts and bolts politics in our country and was quite happy to relive some of these stories.  Comey writes a very readable book and this is one that I find to be satisfying in both his factual recollections and his personal references to his thought process. I remember various episodes that he refers to in the book. I may not agree with the way he proceeded during the 2016 election, but I do not questioning his truthfulness or his integrity. I do question the ethics and integrity of the people in Congress and in the White House who used him as a political pinball at that time and subsequently.  They should conduct their lives with as much integrity.
 Great read, amazing observations and lots of factual tidbits
 Different from what I thought; light and easy read.
 I understood a lot more after reading this, I think he is very sincere, with only a hint of hubris.
 very interesting and believable
 Easy to read and understand.
 I am glad I choose to read this book. I was curious about James Comey, he is putting himself out there and he sounds completely credible. Now I understand why.
 Interesting Prospective...<br/>For a short read...packed with a lot of info.<br/>Content was not what I expected but memorable.  Read mostly on iPhone.
 Wonderful book, can understand why Trump world feels threatened by it. Methinks they protest too much.
 Absolutely love the book!!!
 The hope of America's future. One man or woman does make us one! The present will never be our future, it can only be a fork in the road.
 Integrity at its finest.  Comey explains how our government is structured, why we need that structure, and what is going wrong under the current administration.  Supporters of 45 with any moral fibre need to grapple with the issues Comey raises.  As Colbert said, "I like the man I met in this book."  Comey is one brave, strong, honest citizen.  Much respect, much gratitude for his service.  May other voices speak up against the raging inferno that is our acting president.
 I liked the candor within this book. James came off as an honest man. I believe his recollection of events.
 Bought this book for my husband.  He totally enjoyed it.
 interesting read about the workings of the FBI and it’s relationship in the political arena.
 Excellent book!
 Such integrity.  That's priceless these days.
 Great book. Helped me understand James Comey’s decisions. Wish our political leaders had his character.
 Mr. Comey has written what probably the best book illustrating  the above.  It is inspiring and illuminating.  I am  grateful for the time, energy and devotion to his job and our country.  This should required reading for all high school seniors who are about to register and vote in the 2018 &amp; 2020 elections.
 As much as this book has been politicized, I found it surprisingly light in criticality of the Trump administration.  It’s certainly not flattering, but nothing described here is treasonous on behalf of the author.  I finished the book relating well to Comey and the FBI leadership team he developed, especially their intense focus on improving diversity, while maintaining integrity and political independence.  This of course makes the events surrounding Comey’s firing even more troubling as I view the political machinations of our elected officials.  A great read for everyone interested in how our republic should function, and how that ideal meets reality.
 Enjoyed the book!  A truthful review of what really happened when Mr Comey was fired by Trump (the mad man). Well written!
 Excellent reading.  A companion book to Washington's farewell book by John Avalon.  Both books emphasize the importance of this time in our nations history.
 Ethical leadership powerfully explored through real life examples. Don't miss this one, it should be required reading for these times.
 Thank you
 Very easy to read...
 Honest accounting of important events.
 This book was very well written and reinforced my respect for Mr. Comey.
 I felt the book was an attempt to justify a brilliant but very insecure man. All his challenges in his mind we're because no one understood the correct way but him.
 Wonderful read
 Even though I was "on Comey's side" to start, I found his tone a bit self-righteous and pompous.
 Very nice read
 Easy read &amp; very interesting subject matter
 Regardless of your politics, this book is worth the read. Great insight into personal influences of Comey. For part of the read, I felt as though I was in the room with him. A little part I felt was surreal in terms of the author's efforts to explain he was protecting the legacy of the FBI. Overall, great read with optimism at the end. Bravo Mr Comey!
 Gripping memoir by a loyal American.
 Appreciate JC’s candor and attention to detail. He obviously takes in the world through a very observant eye.
 Fast delivery totally satisfied
 Great man and great leader I hope to see him in a federal position again soon! Thank you me Comey please stay active in public life
 Good read. Great insights into the man and his decision making process.<br/><br/>Suggested reading for all interested in today’s political happenings.
 Great read
 Great book.  I recommend it highly!
 great detail orientated.  Learned so much about the upper level of the FBI and how it works
 Told it like it is.
 Truth is subjective; fact is not! Without truth in our everyday lives, hope is vanquished. Excellent take on that premise!
 This book is not about Trump bashing. Almost everything written we probably already knew if we watch the news. James Coney offers his thoughts on why he did the things he has done.
 Great book with insight into politics of the country
 Excellent read. I had trouble putting it down to actually live my life. It was written in a conversational style, making it flow.
 Good read, I believe James Comey is a very truthful person who has defended himself against a pathological liar, and his cronies, I would recommend this book, I read it in 2 days, easy read, but when you are done you will see the deceit and the façade that is in the White House today, including his entire administration, his family and all, really you will see how they are raping the wealth of the nation unopposed, along with the Speaker of the House and almost all of the Republicans that are in Washington, You will see that the so called swamp has not been drained it has been deepened and widened to include many more. VOTE THE BUMS OUT AND PUT THEM IN JAIL.
 Not everyone is interested in the truth these days but if you are this is a great book. Clapper’s book is good too.
 A good book which gives enough insights into what the future may hold.
 Probably should be required reading for all Americans but not as riveting as "Russian roulette".
 great book ! arrived on time as listed
 I enjoyed Comey’s perspective and writing style. I would recommend this book to others interested in what is happening in this politically divided country.
 Helps in understanding decisions that were made.
 Needs to be read
 Excellent book. Reveals Comey's true nature. Read between the lines.
 Loved the book. It was good to see his side of this extremely difficult job
 Good book but somewhat self-serving.  It will be interesting to see how much of this book is confirmed by the multiple investigations into the Trump administration.
 A+++
 Very interesting book!  Gives a much different perspective on some very controversial period in our history!
 A Higher Loyalty is an event of real life, not to be taken with a grain of salt. Comey talks of fact-based life experiences both personally and professionally. His resume includes, but not limited to, prosecutor to top level mobsters of the Mafia, insider trading matters concerning Martha Stewart, CIA exposure elements of Vice President Cheney’s chief of staff, Scooter Libby, Stellar Wind, a program dealing with NSA surveillance issues, deputy attorney general to the George W. Bush administration, Obama’s 2013 nomination of Comey to FBI Director, and a four month, complicated association as FBI Director working with President Donald Trump.<br/> James Comey’s beliefs in values, ethics, truth and honesty has been his foundation of decision making and the ability to keep the “administration of justice” impartial.<br/>Every American should read Comey’s book and let the facts speak for themselves.
 riveting
 Love it
 I enjoyed one man's take on the many historic events he was a part of, but had thought provoking ideas about leadership.
 A bit self-serving, self righteous, and with little insight beyond what's known from the news
 Fantastic book. A page turner. You can't judge Comey until you've read what he was thinking and why he made the choices he made.
 Excellent book.  Well worth reading.  It’s an excellent reminder of what America stands for and represents.  There is a clear difference between being a boss and being a leader.  And, although I work in a different aspect of public service, finding good leadership is difficult this day and age.  Where once we (America) had careers, we now have jobs; Where we once had leaders, now we have bosses.  When the most powerful individual in the world is a “boss” not a leader there is bound to be trouble brewing.  Comey does an excellent job at discussing political rights and wrongs, old political issues, and the new administration and all its ill wills.  He brings up historical political issues that I had forgotten about in lieu of current issues.  I can only hope the FBI resolves the Trump /Russia scandal and America can start to heal, both as a nation and on the world stage.  PS:  I don’t think Comey cost Hillary the Presidency... She should have been a better candidate....
 Inspirational and insightful. Despite what he endured he remains optimistic and is a true patriot. “. . . forest fires, as painful as they can be, bring growth.”
 Engaging and well written. Insightful.  Worth your time. Background to stories you thought you knew about. Four words about Amazon
 Refreshing, thoughtful book.  We need more civil servants of James Comey caliber!
 I'm enjoying reading it.
 Great reading. I definitely enjoyed it.
 So many will judge this man without listening to him. It’s a shame. Amazing book on ethical leadership and a fascinating perspective from inside the White House and various institutions of justice. Highly recommend.
 Would recommend.  Good insight into different administrations and the politics that take over crucial decision making.  Worth a read. MAA
 Very informative, should be read by everybody.
 Excellent book especially since it was read by James Comey himself.
 A compendium of most everything that had already been reported.
 I liked this book in that it was written as a story. It is Comey’s version of the story but by the end of the book you have no choice but to believe him.
 Must read
 As a 60 year old man whose father was a career (42 years) WW II veteran and Pentagon public servant, this is clearly an honest narrative of one guest man’s experience doing his highly trained job to the best of his abilities. His experiences with the most bizarre President in the history of the United States is very consistent with all accounts. Comey probably wrote this book with very little editing required. Clear, concise accurate writing is, after all, a huge part of the wirknhie has done all his life. Good book. Valuable insights into how off-track our WH is with the current president in the WH.
 Lots of laughs.
 I liked it. had some interesting stuff in it.
 Most of what I read was already known because of the appearance on TV talk showes<br/>. Very sad about his son.
 Excellent book!
 A man's story from his prespective. A detailing through his lens. I appreciate the thought I know has gone into this telling of an experience.
 Great book and telling at that.
 Highly recommended read from former FBI director! It's a fast read and keeps you interested chapter after chapter! Definitely Recommended!
 The truth matters above all else.  Those who lie and divide will fail.  Choose carefully for the future of our nation and our children depend on it.
 Very good book!
 Great book!
 Got a lot of background into author's life and thinking. Tells a lot about how unstable Trump is...would recommend it.
 Both insightful and sad, this journal of the former FBI Director is written with candor and a sincerity not often displayed by someone in high government office. However, it did help me shape an opinion of Comey and, after reading, I don't believe he had the correct personality for that particular role.  Early on, when Trump seemed to indicate he was doing the Director a favor by keeping him on, Comey should have been firm with Trump about how he saw his role as policeman to the administration. Bear in mind, the FBI is the ONLY agency standing between honest government and tyranny. By being less than firm, Comey only invited Trump to continue with an insistence of personal loyalty. Even then, Comey hemmed and hawed. Had Robert Mueller still been the Director I'm fairly certain he would have slammed the door on Trump's insinuations at the get-go. Too bad for Comey. He'd make a great next-door neighbor, just not a great FBI Director. Still, I value his honesty, which this abusive President continues to challenge.
 Awesome book to read from Former FBI director 😄😄
 Reading, informative, straightforward, honest
 when you are put in position of leadership you have two choices, 1) lead by power and force, or 2) lead by example and integrity.  james comey chose example and integrity.  this is an excellent book demonstrating what that looks like over the course of one man's life.  i highly recommend reading this book, especially for young people looking for an excellent example to model one's life after.
 Great to read about a man with character and a desire to spread the truth instead if dealing with lying tweets!!
 Great read!
 Very insightful writing. A real inside look into Washington and those serving our Country and those who don’t.
 great book
 Interesting and engaging biography.<br/>Definitely worth spending your time reading. The book is an honest account of comeys time as a public servant.
 It is a very revealing book about our judicial system.
 His humanity shines through, and he has a very compelling story to tell.  Love him or hate him, it's a good read.
 Very insightful look into the characters of Jim Comey and Donald Trump, polar opposites!
 Very readable, very articulate and clear personal view from a major participant in turbulent current political events.  Happy I bought it.
 Good
 Very well written.
 Fantastic. Easy read and engaging.
 I was surprised, this is a truly great book!  I thought it would be all about Trump and political strife in our country.  But it is so much more, unforgettable.  It was a moving emotional journey, one of the best books I have ever read.  I will recommend to anyone no matter their political ideology.
 James Comey comes across as a honest, faithful and integrous man.
 One must understand that this book is not about our current president. It is about James Comey and his relationship with honesty and integrity. its essentially one large anecdote about his personal and professional life. it concludes with a bit of wisdom thats as obvious as what you will find in any new age self help book. we all know what the right thing to do is. we just have to choose to do it.
 Very good read!! Definitely worth the price!!
 Very truthful book
 Comey displays his qualities of spirituality and an easy to read writer.  The book is instructive<br/>as to how to live and how to be a good US citizen.
 So refreshing to read the truth in the midst of such a politically charged arena.
 Good to know he brought out his experiences but the bureaus past and ugly history.
 I thought the book was very interesting, as it talked about the author's upbringing and development from childhood, grade school, college, and the workplace. All of the above had a significant influence and bearing on the shaping of the author's belief system and character. As I read the book, I was better able to understand and appreciate many of the decisions made by the author, whether I agreed with them or not. All and all, I thought the book was very well written, and I have already recommended it to my friends and love ones.
 So far so good.
 Always interesting to compare what I think I know. Interesting to read about what someone thinks of others.
 his background and ethics and absolute value of truth.
 Very interesting, well written and easy to read. A first persons account versus what the media reports, or doesn’t report
 Truth from an honest public servant, leadership from a respected leader. This book is a must read during these dark times
 Eye opener about the worst president our country has ever had.  The way Trump handled the firing of James Comey was appalling!
 Awesome page turner recommend for anyone who wants to realize true loyalty to country over self Please read and educate yourself
 Gripping ... very well written and narrated.
 Excellent book.  James Comey's first hand account is right on point.
 Kick ass book!
 Great Book, super fast shipping. Thanks!
 Easy read.
 Well written!
 Excellent book. Well written and full of truth and facts. I appreciated Comey being the reader!
 Very interesting read! Fast shipping A+ Thanks :)
 Loved this book!
 Great read
 Quick shipping. Bought as a gift and was just what he wanted.
 Great Book, modern da,y happening now. Buy it and you decide.
 Great read!
 Very knowledgeable and I feel like I know Mr. J.C. Looking forward to more of his writing's.
 Good read.
 Excellent
 Liked the authors’ struggle with doing what’s right.<br/>Mr. Comey is a man of integrity and dedication to his country.
 Excellent book. Very thoughtfully written by a man of integrity.
 The book is well written.  Clearly, James Comey is an intelligent and well read individual.
 Of course its a bit self rightous and there are times I understood Comey to be a leader w a bit of a narcassitic personality. However, these traits are present in most government and law enforcement officials. He has a good way of telling the story of his career and interestingly enough  he doesnt spend a ton of time on current president. I listened on Audible and he narrated so I enjoyed that.
 Great real.  He revealed some of his strengths and weaknesses--a sign of a good leader...
 While reading this book, I veered between being annoyed by Comey and admiring him. Yes, he is self-righteous and made some bad decisions. But you don't have to like him or agree with all of his actions to understand that he is a patriot, totally honest, and always tries to behave ethically.  I just wish there had been a more complete story on the destruction of the mob in New York City.  Comey told just enough about how the mob operated so that later in the book you are able to realize that the greater Trump "family" operates much the same way.
 Received really quick! Book was great. Finished it in five days.
 Bought it to make a statement
 easy to read
 I felt like. I was hearing. The. Truth from a truth telling. Person.. Agree. Or disagree with him  he's as. Honest, as. The. Day is. Long!
 Great read!
 Good ticket every perspective
 Very interesting read
 Vg book
 The seller was fine, but the book itself was not without flaws.
 Very informative and very well written book.  I have a great deal of respect for Mr. Comey.  Enjoyed this book immensely.
 To read the truth as a counter to the drumbeat of Trump’s lies is reassuring both for one’s self, but also our democracy. This well written and insightful book is worth every cent it costs and every hour it takes to read. The epilogue, however, was the most important chapter of this book in its defense of our nation and its values.
 The narrative is needlessly detailed and becomes a drag, thus diffusing attention. On balance its ok as an informative reading.
 Great book.
 So sad Mr Comey is no longer serving. Hopefully, there are still many yet-to-be-known Comeys in our Institutions. Thank you for your service Mr Comey!
 There are lots of details into how the White House operates now.<br/>I liked the story of how he got to the FBI.
 enjoyable
 I'm only halfway thru the book, but I like the large font and also that James Comey writes in a down-to-earth, easy to understand way.
 Very well written and very illuminating. We need more people with James Comey’s intelligence, dedication and integrity serving our country.
 Great book
 I loved this book - finished it in one weekend. I'm surprised by what a good writer Comey is, and found the story of his life and career compelling. He's an honorable man of the highest integrity, and it's utterly disgusting how Trump treated him.
 Believable,not self serving
 Well written , good insights into the author and his story
 Awesome read.
 Loved the book. Easy read. True/false? Idk but still interesting
 Very interesting reading and provides a little insight to the author.
 An excellent description of haw bas Trump is
 While its well written and thorough, i thought it was a bit repetitious and as the title suggests no new insights.
 Insightful.  Learning what shapes a man and how he faces of adversity.
 Gave it to a shut in friend of mine.
 At this point in time, we all have a perfectly clear view of how very correct James Cooney was about matters of National Security over the years as different situations and occasions warranted his attention. James was most certainly correct about Trump also, never before has our nation ever been dumped by such a awful con man. And it's less expensive to short cut him by voting honorable mention and women who do not have their writing hands bought and paid for by political PACs. We must dump bought and sold coroprate interests in politics once more.
 Wonderful book written by a person of great integrity.
 Comey is a good writer and I believe he tells the truth.
 Interesting
 This book is EXCELLENT!!!!
 Easy read
 I don't care for the writing style, kind of dry.  He mostly talks about his career and life.  I think he is a very honest and caring person, dedicated to his career and country.  However, I'm not sure he made the best decisions, but that's easy for me to say.  I'm sure Trump is a real challenge, and maybe Comney didn't expect how bizarre he is.  I feel he got a real dirty deal when Trump fired him the way he did.  Not man enough to talk to him first.  When Trump wanted sworn allegiance to himself, and Comney refuse tot do that, Trump got scared and fired him.
 Excellent book. Well written, cogently argued, informative and honest. Well worth the money.
 I really enjoyed the book. It helped me to understand the dicisions he made during the election and the ethically standard the FBI holds itself up to. He was also able to give his honest opinion of GW and Barry. He has worked presidents from both sides of the aisle and offered a bit of insight into their work ethics also. I highly recommend it.
 I respect him highly.
 Very interesting and highly recommended!
 What an eye opener. James Comey is honest and open about how his life's journey shaped him into who he is today. He is a human being who believes that "truth and honesty matter" and that is very obvious as he unfolds his story in the book, A Higher Loyalty. It became very clear to me that Mr. Comey did his best for the American people while he was head of the FBI. His job was full of mystery, intrigue, dark and light and somehow he continued to search for truth.<br/>This is a must read if you dare to look into both sides of today's political culture.
 Interesting and insightful
 Awesome read
 Book was what I expected, did not disappoint, but then, I did not expect much!
 Great author.  Glad to see there are still men with integrity. Hope to see MORE works from this man.
 Lot of info
 Great. As expected
 It teaches leadership. Recommend it.
 The book was informative reading
 Everyone who reads books of this nature because they enjoy this political fiasco will most likely find this book hard to lay down. For those who don't read political books. Try stepping out of you usual reading and give this book a chance. James Comey is a man of honesty, almost too honest. A man of morals, faith driven, with such a level of integrity that he is like a square peg in a round hole. He or anyone as dedicated to the true rule of law, respect for humanity, and intelligent as James Coney could never function with peace of mind and  spiritual content in an administration of this bizarre nature.
 Thus was one of the best books I have read recently. Very enlightening
 It gave me insight into Comey
 An honest memoir by an honest man.
 I decided to purchase and read this book simply because I've read other books all about Donald Trump and, to this day, still cannot wrap my head around how or why he was elected to the presidency of the USA.  I've admired James Comey ever since he came to the forefront of the FBI, mostly because he truly exudes the kind of personality and honesty one would expect from the head of the USA's finest team of investigators, whether at home or abroad.  James Comey did exactly what I would have done under the same circumstances: don't jump to conclusions and make sure you take very good notes and put them in a very safe place.  Comey knew exactly what this president was asking of him and, thankfully, Comey did not comply.  All while smiling and pumping arms, Trump will throw anyone under the bus just to get people in his inner circle who will do anything, and I mean anything, to achieve a group who will lead us all into the fiery inferno called politics.  No one should ever sell their soul to someone expecting complete and undying loyalty.  That would be called a dictatorship.  I appreciate James Comey for his service to this country but, even more, for being totally honest and truthful about the events that led to his unwarranted firing.  Kudos, Mr. Comey.  I hope you have found solace once again now that you have stepped out from under his shoe.
 A must read by every American. Please read the Epilog first. It defines the situation and why, in Comey's opinion, a President, like none we have had before, is tolerated by some, in spite of very questionable behavior, because of tax cuts for the rich, appointments for the Fundamentalists, and promises of return of jobs from overseas. And why Comey thinks everything will be OK again, maybe even better than before, when this is all over. The book starts out as a brief autobiography, showing why Comey's entire life has prepared him to believe in his heart that integrity, care for people, and loyalty to the constitution are the most important qualities for an American leader. Finally he moves to the present, including his take on his communications with the President and his firing. A great book by a real man.
 Very good read, highly recorecommended !
 Interesting read.  Well written and engaging
 A Higher Loyalty is a masterful treatise on ethical leadership within a complex, rapidly evolving society and, more importantly, the risks we are facing at the epicenter of what Is, arguably, the most unethical Administration in American history. What is remarkable about Comey is his lack of artifice and a unique willingness to be candid about his own vulnerabilities, both personally and  professionally. Whatever the pundits and politicians may make of his service to this nation, his principled fealty to the Constitution of the United States bears witness to what this man is made of. I found this narrative reassuring in his use of metaphor to describe the future we are facing, a more just and perfect Union
 Great read!
 I enjoyed reading the book. I believe he was done wrong and I agree with him on almost everything.
 Sounded very selfserving, but the insight of what goes on when powerful people meet was interesting.
 Reading truth
 I held James Comey in the highest regard before I read his book, &amp; even more so since I finished it.  He has proven to be an excellent writer as the book is so well written, &amp; I appreciated his humor.  It is the country's loss, as well as the FBI's, with the disgraceful way the president fired him.  He has lived his life with "a higher loyalty &amp; truth", &amp; did not deserve the disgraceful treatment in the way our badly damaged president disrespected him.  Being a man of integrity &amp; high intelligence, as well as his experience in dealing with people with low morality &amp; dishonesty, I'm sure he considered the source!
 What a great read about a great American
 Good book.
 Interesting informative
 Comey can't be as pure as he writes but truth rings out loudly in his writing.
 Very well written. Very believable!
 I read a Korean paper article concerning this this book. If I feel good, I'd like to translate it into Korean.
 The truth is out there
 The book clearly shows Mr Comey’s passion for justice and integrity. A very interesting book.
 Good to hear his point of view
 The book was well written and very informative.
 Couldn’t focus 100%
 I believe that truth matters. We need people that protect the citizens of the U.S. to do it with integrity and honor. James Comey gives us a look into a real human being that deeply cares and has devoted his life for truth and justice.
 Very good book. It’s a very good read tooo.
 very good book. i enjoy reading it.
 Fascinating look into the FBI and how it interacts with the White House, a brilliant look at ethical leadership as well.
 Jim Comey is a role model for all of us both young and old! The contrast between the exemplary moral man who wrote this book and the unprincipled “juvenile” who fired him is alarming. Those in government like Jim Comey: Please stay put and try to weather this storm of insanity from the President while we work to remove him in 2020.
 A fantastic read and a welcome addition to my personal Library.
 Very informative!
 We do live in a trying time for our democracy, where free press and simple truths are questioned, many times outright attacked. I read this book with open mind, without agenda or prejudice. This is the first biography I've ever read, I enjoyed reading about some of details from Mr. Comey's early years, career and his family life. When it came to the details of both Sec. Clinton investigation and those of current Trump, I found it enlightening and informative to hear his first person account. I will, with profound interest, listen and read the results of the Mueller investigation when it concludes.
 A clear self portrait of the author, tracing the best aspects of his character and behavior to early life and work experiences. Also, a good description of how the FBI and the Justice Department work best when independent of the White House and the struggles that arise from the natural tension between political imperatives and tenets of institutional independence, precedent, the rule of law and expectations based on constitutional principles. Also, a good view from the inside of the decisions regarding the public pronouncements related to the Hillary Clinton emails. Makes one question the monday-night quarterback pronouncements in the inspector general's recent report.<br/><br/>All of this provides an excellent background from which to appreciate the degree to which the behavior of the current administration is chillingly aberrant and is a threat to the fundamental basis for our constitutional republic and the tradition of the rule of law.
 I found this book to be particularly outstanding for Comey's reflections on leadership While I was one of millions who was unhappy with his decisions with regard to Hillary Clinton, I gained a much greater understanding of the context of that decision. As a one-time town official I have had to make decisions that will please no one, though obviously on a much smaller scale. You're screwed either way. Comey also provides a brief history of other pivotal issues from his career that shaped him to be the leader he is. Everyone is free to agree or disagree with a particular decision. I certainly do, but I still have deep respect for a man who has spent most of his life in service to his country.
 As an Assemblies of God pastor and missionary for 48 years, I have read a ton of books on leadership. But rarely have I read one where the author lays bare his own short-comings and failures and critiques them so mercilessly. (The only other one that comes to mind is Henri Nouwen's book "In the Name of Jesus".) As someone who served 3 1/2 years in one of our intelligence services, I hear the ring of truth in everything James Comey says here. I believe history will look back at this book and Director Comey's life and choices in much the same way that I look back at the Watergate hearings nearly 45 years ago: as a moment when truth was told in the face of blustering, dissembling lies, deceipt and threats. Thank you, sir, for writing this. Contrary to current blather about "who we are and what we stand for", the Bill of Rights and the Constitution of the United States clearly lay the touchstones of our identity before us to consider and reaffirm. Again, thank you.
 Great read
 Well told.
 Liked pages 267 and 268 which indicated how democracy needs to thrive. The times are so confusing right now this is a book that will go down in history and should be read. Time will tell how revealing it is.
 great book and man.
 I enjoyed this book very much. It was a perspective I was very curious about and glad I purchased it.
 Loved it!!
 Great information for a man of the time
 Liked his early life<br/>Bored with things I had already knew
 Comey is the best.
 Excellent
 Excellent!
 I used it for reading of course! I like the honesty but I don't like the bias.
 Integrity Matters
 A must read
 Fantastic insight into the FBI and our beloved country! Never boring ! I really enjoyed this read....could another book be coming?
 A must read for anyone paying attention.
 Great!
 enjoyed the honesty
 haven't finished reading it yet, but so far, so good.
 He speaks the truth!
 I was prepared to hate this book. I got it because of the lure of hearing about the Mafia cases, which I find really fascinating. I hang with a bunch of people who think "Goodfellas" is pure fiction. Sooo... I wanted to read that part. I am still beside myself at this guy's giving the "careless" speech about Hillary, and reopening the investigation. I'm in a swing state. This s...tuff mattered. But... it was hard to put the book down. I could not do it. Very well written. He oscillates between a surprising humility and this utterly nuts clinging to what he's done, like "no regrets, would have done the same thing", which is annoying. But interspersed in the annoying things are such intriguing aspects of a life in "investigation" that it is just fascinating. And the characterization of the Mafia hit men and dons are just amazing.
 Good book
 Very good condition
 Comey is honest and forthright in his recounting of meetings with Trump.  I must say, things are worse than I thought.
 I got so much insight by reading this book. This is written by a truly honest man with integrity. I was pleasantly surprised to learn more about him, and by his writing skills and wit.
 It was in perfect condition for being used. Awesome.
 Best book that I have ever read
 Loved it
 I liked the book very much
 This is a man of honor. I enjoyed the book, easy read.
 Was ok, heard it all on the tv.
 Very insightful and honest Patrayal
 Great book.
 Refreshing TRUTH after Trump LIES.
 I bought the book because I thought it probably had some interesting insights and I respect the author, but didn't expect it to be such a page-turner.  The issues of import in which Mr. Comey played a role in his career as a law-enforcement officer dedicated to judicial independence are related in a compelling manner, with fascinating details and reflections on the charters involved in these real-life dramas.  The writing is clear and concise, and very much enjoyed the pointed humor, as well.
 Shows what a Skunk Trump is.  Impeach him
 Interesting read.  Enjoyed finding out some fascinating details.
 He told the truth about our Idiot of a president.
 A good look into a man Trump fired.
 Amazing book to read, hard to put down!
 James Comey is a highly principled man.<br/>His story is truthful and meaningful. A read for everyone.
 Great supplement to CNN for real news.
 I enjoyed this book was done reading it in 2 days.
 I loved this book.
 I had no idea what an interesting life he has.
 Excellent read. I couldn’t put it down.
 A very well written book that was hard to put down!
 I never read but got this book and it is great
 Am satisfied.
 Needed to place in context the controversies surrounding firing of Comey
 Although I learned little new, it was a well crafted book.
 This book is something you have to read in the age of Trump l.
 A very thought provoking book from a man of integrity who loves this country and was doing his job to the best of his ability. The truth will eventually come out, for Mr Comey, as well as other concerning issues. We are in troubled times for Americans. I wish you the best, Mr Comey, you have my admiration.
 GReat book!<br/>Prompt delivery.
 Enjoyed reading this.  Excellent, entertaining tale of his journey.
 Great read. Amazing quality.
 Thank you.
 It's a very different narrative than what I was expecting, but entirely entertaining and surprisingly well written. I can't say I was a fan of Comey's actions leading up to the election, but he makes good arguments for his world view and I certainly see him as a better role model than President Pushy Grabber.
 Like or dislike James Comey, This is an Outstanding Book!
 A good read!
 Interesting read
 I knew that the majority of the book was not about what happened from 2016-2017 based on the reviews.  Corey's historical background was necessary because it helped build his character, ethics, and leadership. We should be honored that he served as the FBI leader and hope that he instilled in his employees the necessary ethics to carry out the mission of the FBI in these challenging times.<br/>  It is a relief to know that the FBI is strong as a result of his leadership and not in shambles as Trump states today. We must remember what Trump said to Leslie Stahl  that if he attacks the media for "fake news", more people will believe he is right and the truthfully reported news is not. He has admitted that fake news is news he does not agree with.<br/>  Comedy had to write this book to set the record straight. I hope younger people read it for a better understanding of the role of the FBI and the DOJ. It is an easy read and I couldn't put it down.
 Great!
 I passed along to my sons Comey's discussions on leadership skills
 The book came in a timely manner, with no damage! Thank you!
 The only good thing about Mr Comey being fired, this book. Tremendous read. There is a lot to take away from this book, everyone should check it out. This guy has been apart of some incredibly  interesting events through out his life and his career. This book  is funny, sad, intense and every other emotion you can possibly  feel. His interactions with diffrent leaders throughout this journey are mesmerising and thoughtfully written. Fascinating read.
 Very interesting and intelligent man. I really enjoyed the book.
 Very well written. I do not read many books like this but this was very easy to get through. If you believe the author and I tend to believe him, he had an honorable career and did not deserve the misfortune of running into a very dishonorable man, 45. I recommend this book to all that love America as I do and James Comey does
 Seemed to be very honestly written.
 Great condition. I love it!
 Get to know a man of quality!
 Excellent written book, great facts.
 The book is great would recommend it.
 He enjoyed the read.
 Hard to believe how dysfunctional the White House is
 I loved this book.  It was inspirational to read such a thoughtful statement of principles and values from a true public servant.  Especially now, when we are so inundated with the corruption of Donald Trump.  The book was a well-written antidote to the despair I have feeling.  We need more smart and honorable men like James Comey.  I highly recommend this book.
 Brilliant read. Lesson in democracy in real life.
 Excellent read!  Loved it!
 Comey ends his book on up-beat notes sounding like... this too will pass....America is strong...America is good.....history will treat Trump poorly. I wish I shared Comey's optimism. What is see is 40% of America immune to truth - never exposing themselves to actual news - unable to separate their Jesus from their prejudices, and immune to reality and critical thinking. I see Texas outlawing Thomas Jefferson from high school texts and prohibiting teaching of critical think in Texas public schools. I see shifting funding from public schools to for-profit charter schools that can teach Jesus and Creationism. I see the rise of Nazism in America and Europe........ but none of that is a book review.<br/><br/>I bought Comey’s book because he’d said that the main message of his book was the subject of ethical leadership. I was a small business owner and manager for 38 years and I’ve watched ethical leadership slip away on both the local and national levels. For a vast segment of America, the definition of morality seems not to go beyond ‘anything that wins.’ Or perhaps that square foot of area where the legs join the torso.<br/><br/>I believe Comey is an honest, ethical man and I believe he did strive for those qualities throughout his career. But too many times in his story, he says, when faced with a situation that screamed “this is wrong!” {by some higher authority}, he goes on to explain in detail why he felt compelled NOT to challenge that authority with what he knew to be right, correct, moral. He goes to great lengths to explain his lack of moral courage.<br/><br/>Since the AG had sort of recused herself from the Clinton email investigation, it was appropriate for Comey to announce (summer of 2016) the end of that investigation. He should have said "This investigation is over and there is no evidence any reasonable prosecutor would take to a grand jury." He said that, and then he went on for THIRTY MINUTES to tell the country what a slimy, immoral person Hilary Clinton was. Absolutely unprecedented in the entire history of the FBI.<br/><br/>Comey said he had to notify congress four days before the election that the FBI was re-opening the Clinton investigation because "what if the FBI found criminality after the election?" What Comey fails (spectacularly) to explain to the reader (and to his delusional self) is the FBI had opened a counter-terrorism case against Donald Trump and the Trump campaign in July 2016 - slap in the middle of the presidential campaign. America learned of that investigation AFTER the election. It seems to have eluded Comey's thinking that criminality might be revealed in the Trump campaign after the election. I'll say... 19 indictments and 5 guilty pleas in the first year.<br/><br/>Comey is no writer but it's not a bad book. His story is convincing if you the reader knows no history and no context. But then it not that true everywhere? And is not that the reason America is spiraling down the toilet? It knows no history. No context.<br/><br/>BTW, I still think Comey is a moral man. He is just self-delusional and unable to identify his own prejudices.
 The whole story is mind catching
 I totally enjoyed this book. Really got to appreciate the man, how his mind works, and wished there were more like him in charge. Learned a lot about he workings of the top levels of our govt. Hard to find any evidence of agenda/bias, rather an exceptional level of integrity and commitment to truth. Actually Trump doesn't enter the picture until chapter 12 out of 14. Abrupt ending makes me feel sad for him and more importantly the future of this country.<br/> Would like to see more books from him, I like his style of writing. In the future if we ever see him on TV peddling reverse mortgages on seniors then we will know all is lost for humanity.
 Excellent book!! loved it - man of integrity
 A+
 This is a thoughtful and well written book that reveals Prime leadership based on truth and integrity at a time when we, as Americans, are faced daily with a lack thereof in our Whitehouse. To gain an understanding of why James Coney handled the case of the Clinton Emails as he did requires that we get into his head, and this book gives us that access. A glimpse into James Comey's life shows us  true leadership,  character, honesty, and integrity, as well as a real look into why we need separation of powers in our government. I thank him for this book which is a MUST READ.
 A very good book. An update on US internal policy experiences.
 Insightful!
 Great book, very personal and inspiring
 Enlightening!
 Persuasive
 Very interesting. Told alot about Comey's life.
 Entertaining, fascinating, great read
 None
 Very readable
 Interesting!
 Very interesting and informative book.  Like many I bought it because of what's going on politically right now but was surprised about all the other life stories he had to tell.  There is a lot more to James Comey then most people know.  He's led an extordinary life. Very good book,  So glad I bought it.
 the truth
 I like the book a lot, read and finished it two days.
 Excellent book!
 I bought this book expecting it to be a total dump on the President and not sure I could slog through it. While I am far from being a fan of this President, I was not sure I could read a book-long rehashing of what we had already heard through Director Comey’s interviews.<br/><br/>This book is really about Jim Comey and his experience prior to Trump, how he formed his views and how he tried to always do the right thing. I’m pretty sure the first 80% was mostly Trump free. I know you can always find people to complain about someone and claim all kinds of misdeeds once they leave a job. I am grateful to Director Comey for standing on his principles and making the choices he made, even the ones I hated at the time. He put the good of the Country and the importance of the FBI staying separate from political pressure as his guiding principles. Thank you for your service to our Country.
 My expectations were low when I started this book, but I was curious to find out the thinking behind decisions made during the campaign. The book is painfully honest and heartfelt. It explains much about how the government works and how much responsibility we all have in holding it accountable to us.  I have come away thinking that character is more important than policies of parties, because good character can prevent  extremes or hurtfulness of policies. This well written book makes us look up beyond partisan-ism - yes, it has become an ism these days. Love the forest fire analogy at the end and feel more optimistic about the future.
 What happened from his view point.
 Excellent. Truthfull.
 Thank you for an insight.
 Great reading!
 The truths and honesty
 Book is awesome! It’s  a must read!
 Loved this book!!
 I cannot even begin to understand how someone with such a stellar career could be brought down the way that he was.  Just imagine out and about and doing what you love and suddenly your world turns upside down.  I believe Comey is truthful and it happened just the way that he said it did.  I will never understand why he did what he did concerning Hilary --. he feels that he made the right decision concerning those darn emails and I believe he had no other choice. These are perilous times and we now have a man in the White House who does not belong there.  I remember during the contentious debates Jeb Bush stating that if Trump is elected he would be a chaotic president.  Nothing could have prepared us for times such as these.  Truth will prevail and when you are on the side of truth, you cannot lose.  All the best to you James Comey.
 Still reading it.
 Although by following the book's release and Comey's various interviews, I knew many of the details in the book, but not everything. It was a very good read. Comey exhibits his personality as a government servant, what serving the intelligence agencies entailed, and his flawed human side. Whether you like him or not, no matter what side you stand on the current events, it was well written and worth reading with an open mind.
 Very well written leaving me with much respect to the men &amp; women of the FBI whose relentless pursuit &amp; higher loyalty to the American People and the constitution of the United States is evident. The agency is led by people such as director Comey whom I consider the finest in the world dedicating their lives to the truth holding it up with the supporting pillars of Integrity/Loyalty/Dedication/independence... protecting us from the forest fire and chaos engulfing this administration. Is there light at the end of the tunnel, YES, but it will cost us. Dear Mr Comey, if you read this, you are an honorable man, Thank you.
 Loved the honest reveal
 Awesome
 Very informative and keep me reading.
 If my rating was just on the content of the book I would give a five star rating. Comey's book is a behind the scene look at the workings of the FBI. It is both informative and inspirational. Very little in the book is about the current administration.<br/>My one complaint is the condition of the book when it arrived. The cover of the book had grease smears on it. I requested a replacement book. When it came it also had grease smears and had dirt on it. I am not sure what the problem is but Amazon needs to fix it.
 Far easier to read and more entertaining than I thought it would be, for the topic and circumstances. Hard to not appreciate him and his work after reading. Objectivity and independence are some of the hardest qualities to obtain, retain and represent in the face of pressure and influence. Kudos to Comey for trying to align his personal mission with the FBI’s institutional values, it will be fascinating to see where his career heads after this. Hopefully not a career in professional speaking, good money I’m sure but a waste of leadership....
 Excellent book. A must read.
 A must read! Words from a patriot and an honorable man who has served his country well. Only those led by the current forces of hatred and corruption will not be able to appreciate the warnings to our democracy and institutions clearly expressed in this book.
 Great read.
 Excellent book, every one should read this one.
 I am happy with everything  thank you
 He was honest.
 Great book.
 Contrary to what you may be inclined to think, this book is not JUST about interactions with President Trump. Instead, it follows the career of James Comey. He provides example after example of leadership lessons he learned and the mentors he learned them from. Comey sets the stage for the tough and dynamic decisions he encountered over the past several years. His leadership lessons also establish a backdrop for the interactions he had with President Trump, supporting that he genuinely is a man of character and integrity, but not absolved of strife. Fantastic read for those in leadership positions.
 This book is incredibly good. It’s a call to follow higher principles, and prioritize honesty and integrity over partisanship. It was a refreshing to read someone so deeply committed to truth and careful assessment of facts in a time when people often act like facts don’t matter any more. I feel like this book serves as an example of how to more forward with integrity and clean up the mess created by the war between the right and left. I doubt Comey would be willing to run for president, but if he did, I’d vote for him in a heartbeat, no matter what party he ran for. I know he’d rather others do that job, just with more focus on leadership, humility, and honesty.
 Excellent book!  Learned so much.  Highly recommend!
 Awesome truthful amazing!
 Very informative
 I bought this book open to the possibility -- almost expecting perhaps -- that I wouldn't like it.  I'd seen and heard Comey interviewed countless times recently and I was suspicious of his motives upon learning that he'd included in it a description of the odd color of Donald Trump's skin and the excessive length of his neckties.  As much as I personally loathe what Trump stands for, I sensed in hearing those things that this book might simply be an embarrassing, retaliatory hatchet job.  It isn't.  It is a thoughtful and extremely inspiring analysis of leadership, both as practiced by Comey himself as well as unachieved by Comey himself.  It calls on countless historical figures -- large and small -- to illustrate characteristics that Comey feels constitute great leadership.  It explains with insight borne of considerable experience why excessive "group think" and slavish loyalty are not only dangerous but antithetical to maximizing the effectiveness of any organization as human beings are predisposed to hear only opinions supportive of their own and, as such, NEED to hear contrarian perspectives in order to overcome their own closed-mindedness.  This is a relatively quick read, but for anyone interested in understanding or aspiring to transcendent leadership it provides plenty of food for thought and guidance.  And yes, Trump is portrayed somewhat unflatteringly.  But in the context of Comey's take on great leadership, the portrayal seems perfectly apt.
 Loved the book very insightful
 Good read
 Wonderful and the truth
 good read
 After reading Comey’s “A Higher Loyalty”, I felt that he was basically telling the truth and made some very good points, particularly regarding the duplicity and pure pig-headedness of a certain Donald Trump. Conversely, however, I had a distinct impression that his self-complacent Christian faith and holier-than-thou attitude would make him one of the most least desirous persons to ever spend an evening with.<br/><br/>All-in-all, it wasn't a bad read, but it is a book that very much preaches to the converted.
 Great book.  Glad I spent my money
 :-)
 I'm glad I read this book. Very well written. James Comey exudes intelligence, honesty and integrity. No doubt he loves his country and he did his very best to do his best and fair for the people of our country. We need to see more people like him to run and protect our country. I'm sad he was let go and never get to finish his term.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book.
 I still don't understand his thinking relative to Hillary Clinton both as it relates to his feeling he had to make a statement regarding the e-mails and then again at the end of the campaign.  I also do not understand why the investigation relative go Trump was not exposed during campaign, except to say that sexism was clearly evident.  Comet was treated horribly by This awful administration but now so is the country and he holds some of the blame.
 I am a 78 year old, retired teacher and IT systems designer. Both my careers involved getting at the truth of the matter. I feel, therefore, my words of critical comment merit some attention. Was author Comey clear in carrying forward his stated purpose of writing his book? Yes. Was much of what he had to say about our current POTUS and our democracy truthful? Based on what we have been presented with, again, Yes. I remain, however, unconvinced of Mr. Comey's avowedly  apolitical nature, especially with regard to the statements he made late in October 2016. The world may yet rue his lack of judgment at that critical juncture of history. Will he appear again on the stage,  this time in a more overtly political guise? ST.
 
 I think Comey is sincere, though flawed like the rest of us. Any one who attended Catholic schools back in the day, would recognize the altar boy who strove so hard, you were sure he was going to be a priest.<br/>Sometimes you can try too hard, think too much, and over analyze yourself into a no win situation. It’s like the opposite of our “Fearless Leader”. ( That’s for those who also watched “Rocky the Flying Squirrel “).<br/>Anyway, I get it and appreciate Comey’s conscientiousness and his efforts to do the right thing as he saw it.
 Excellent
 After reading this book, I can but hope there are enough other people in the United States who believe in Rule of Law to get rid of the horrible people in the White House and on Capitol Hill.  Definitely worth the read.
 The book is good and Comey is an excellent writer.  There is a LOT of detail and I did glaze over a couple of times.  That said, James Comey is a principled man and I believe he speaks the truth.  All and all, I liked the book and would recommend it.
 Factual
 I found the book to be a must read of the role of the director of the FBI and his relationship to the period of history defined by the presidential campaign, the election, the transition and Donald Trumps first days in office.  It’s a frightening expose of presidential abuse of power and disregard for the role of the Justice department and its structured independence.  There is certainly more to come but one has to appreciate Comey’s honesty and integrity as well as his admitted human failings I think it is one of the most important books of the year and of the early days of the Trump presidency.
 As the headline says, I am glad I read the book instead of listening to people say Mr. Comey demeaned himself by saying this or that comment within the writing.<br/><br/>Mr Comey wrote in a through and thoughtful manner. And I would recommend anyone to read it and not come away with a deeper concern for our democracy as it stands with the current president.
 Seldom does one find a memoir that is thoughtful, entertaining, and educational. It's lucky to find a memoir with only one of those qualities. This book contains all three and it's one that I'll be reading again which almost never happens with me! It's thoughtful because Comey goes through great lengths to reveal his soul-searching through some really tough decisions. It's entertaining with the anecdotes he reveals throughout, and it's educational with the information he provides for ethical leadership. As a former middle-manager and current middle-school teacher, his advice is valuable and I recommend this book for anyone in a leadership position regardless of political leaning or personal feeling toward the author.
 The last quarter of the book, you already know if you’ve kept up with Comey”s interviews. The first three quarters of the book provides the man”s background and I found that material a worthwhile read. The man didn’t become FBI Director without a notable list of accomplishments.
 Really enjoyed this book.  I found it to be truthful and written with great reverence for our country. Shameful that Trump was elected President in the first place.
 Unfortunately, Mr. Comey fills most of the book with his childhood, education, work experiences and very little on what most of his readers want to know.  If you watched his appearance before Congress, there will be no surprises here.  His final comments are inspiring, however.  He is confident that our democracy will survive this period in history.  I hope he is right.
 Confirmed my (already strongly-held) opinion that Trump is abomination as a president and as a human being. No wonder Trump hates Obama and Comey, who are everything Trump is not; honorable, intelligent, likable, and worthy of respect. Comey is a goody-two-shoes, but that's what you want in an FBI director.
 Very eye opening...better than expected.
 “We are experiencing a dangerous time in our country, with a political environment where basic facts are disputed, fundamental truth is questioned, lying is normalized, and unethical behavior is ignored, excused, or rewarded,” laments the author.<br/><br/>Comey covers various aspects of his life going back to when he was a child. It was then that he experienced a life-changing event – the Ramsey Rapist. A gun-toting intruder had entered his home and the encounter caused years of pain. It was a factor that, eventually, led him into the practice of law. He covers his early legal practice, such as working with Rudy Giuliani dealing with organized crime, and then segues back to his experiences in high school, where he developed a lifelong hatred for bullies and sympathy for the victims. Some of his most satisfying work was putting bullies of all kinds in jail, freeing the victims for their tyranny.<br/><br/>We learn of his time as Assistant United States Attorney under Helen Fahey, whose confidence in him inspired his entire career in leadership. The Martha Steward story was interesting; it reminded him that the justice system is an honor system; he was United States Attorney in Manhattan at the time. He was later to become deputy attorney general under President Bush. He would discover “the pressures to bend the rules and to make convenient exceptions to laws when they got in the way of the president’s agenda” – remember the John Ashcroft incident in the hospital? Comey then relates his displeasure with the CIA enhanced interrogation program and his subsequent departure from government services and back to the private sector. After a number of years in the private sector, Comey was appointed Director of the FBI in 2013. In one chapter, he provides an historical perspective on the relationship between police and the black community, which was a hot topic at the time – remember Ferguson? Then, of course, we have the Hillary email investigation, where the author provides us with a detailed account of his thoughts throughout this entire investigation. I found this enlightening and very interesting. It gave me a different perspective on the entire matter. In the end, we had a year-long investigation, where a world-class FBI team came to the conclusion that there was no prosecutable case.<br/><br/>And then Trump got elected, and now the focus is on Russian meddling via cyber activity, social media, and Russian state media. It is interesting to hear Comey relate his version of his dealings with the new president; it is a detailed narrative that you will want to read, even if you have been following the news over this time. In some cases, the president is compared to a Cosa Nostra boss – someone who leads through fear, requiring personal loyalty. We see the us-versus-them mentality, the loyalty oaths, the lying. Eventually, we discuss the firing of Comey by the President. I find his account of this matter somewhat shocking, especially Trump’s outrage that Comey took the FBI plane home from California after learning of his firing on TV. Trump exploded and said he never wanted to see Comey on FBI property again – really! He treated Comey like a villain instead of an upstanding servant of the country.<br/><br/>Comey concludes noting that he wrote this book “because I hope it will be useful to people living among the flames who are thinking about what comes next.” He also hopes “it will be useful to readers long after the flames are doused, by inspiring them to choose a higher loyalty, to find truth among lies, and to pursue ethical leadership.”
 In the wake of the current firestorm, James Comey describes not only what happened to him and the FBI, but writes convincingly about values-based leadership.  The book defends his controversial decisions regarding the disclosures around Hillary Clinton in a reasonable and convincing way.  Mostly, he described the agonizing process of making those decisions.  None of them were easy.<br/><br/>Finally, the epilogue provides his ruthless assessment of the President, while holding out hope for better days.
 Excellent writer.  I was pleasantly surprised at how well he has written this book.  He's a detail man and that's important when documenting our history.  If we continue down the path we are headed in I can tell you we will end up very sorry.  Take a look at past history of Germany 1930's to 1940's and Russia until the wall came down.  This book his very worth reading and I highly recommend a person read it with an open mind and not a mindset of Republican or Democrat.  It documents a very serious problem in America.
 Watching history unfold, with so much propaganda, misinformation and the current toxic political administration, it is imperative that we look beyond the hype and lies and search for the truth.  Human beings are not and do not have to be perfect. But we should strive to do right by others and to make a positive difference. Most US leaders in the past have spoken and acted to promote a just nation.  Not so with the current president.  James Comey is exactly the kind of person we need in US Law, honest, ethical, humane, thoughtful and devoted to service of the people of the US.  God bless America and our separation of powers to provide the checks and balances to hold even the president accountable.
 Good product
 I have a new respect for James Comey.  I now understand clearly why Hilary was investigated regarding her emails (both times) even.  I better understand how the FBI and DOJ work and function.  Mr. Comey is correct in his description of how the American people view the FBI and the DOJ at least for me it's exactly how he described it.  The words felt honest and I was saddened thinking back on how he was treated in his dismissal.  I also agree with him.  The current situation we find ourselves in as a country will cause us to make the necessary changes, corrections and oversight committees to make sure this doesn't happen again.  I believe we will come through this fine.  This is America and one person or party cannot destroy it.
 A good book to read for anyone going into public service as a police officer, attorney, social worker, politician, etc. It doesn't flow like a John Grisham novel, but that's to be expected.
 James Comey is a very talented writer. He is an excellent observer. I even see why he made unpopular decisions - it’s what he does; not to side with political parties. James Comey was a well respected member of the FBI team. He has and will stand up to bullies. I’ll glad Comey wrote this book when he did. This White House has sparked much opposition from the citizenry. trump and his regime must be removed from office for the good of the Country.
 It’s difficult to not like James Comey in this book. Even though I'm on the other side of the planet, miles away from the circus in Washington, I’ve been following the astonishing events that have taken place since Comey's firing. Watching all the coverage, I’ve long suspected that he is an honourable, decent man, and this book merely confirms that.<br/><br/>If it turns out that he ISN'T the man we think he is, then he’s the world's greatest actor.
 If you ever wondered what sets America apart from the rest of the world, read this book. Our politically independent justice system is second to none, and good people like Jim Comey stand guard on behalf of all of us.<br/><br/>Thanks, Jim. You have motivated me to do greater good in my own life, to approach all interactions with kindness and thoughtfulness.<br/><br/>A must read book for every citizen who wants to contribute to sustaining our great country.
 Mr. Comey has written an easy to read book containing the truth as he sees it. I enjoyed learning more about him and his work in Washington and the people he had to deal with. After reading his book, I'm inclined to believe that he is loyal to a fault to this country and the American people. He did what he believed to be the best thing at the time regarding Hillary's email situation. Sadly, his actions just before the election did not work out well for the American people.
 Just superb.  Sensitively written and thought through, this is an invaluable insight into how our government claims to work.  Comey is to be congratulated for his historic role in a chaotic at best administration and his heartfelt and up close view of our worst president of all time, Donald Trump.
 Although no bombshells are dropped, Mr. Comey reinterates how scary it is to be inoculated by the continual lies and wrong doing by this "Leader" who resides in the WH. Thank you for exposing more truth and being honest and ethical in your dealings Mr Comey, We truly need more people like you in government today.
 This is what Leadership is and should be !  Integrity and honesty is everything and I hope all of us in America are talking to that with our youth and young adults !  Great book, great example !  I find it hard to go through this administration but I know that the truth will come out, it always does !
 We are living through some remarkable times. It causes anxiety for everyone, no matter your political views. I appreciate Mr. Comet sharing his journey. I hope as he says toward the end we can all be stronger. Let's look for the common thread we value; like kindness, honesty, forgiveness, tenacity to get back up and try again. My hope is that we inspire others to care, to participate and to vote.
 With the benefit of the DoJ Inspector General's report, I can view Comey's book with a slightly more skeptical eye.  But it's still a good book, well-written and informative about a public servant who took his responsibility to the public and to the institution of the FBI equally seriously.  And that, of course, is always the problem with working inside a settled structure of rules and procedures:divided loyalty.  With the IG's perspective as a guide, readers can see how Comey decided that he had no choice but to act against the Clinton campaign while not acting against the Trump campaign.
 I loved it. It's well written and I especially like his own voice reading it. I like his telling it like it is and was. Though I'm sure it got trimmed well
 As someone who rarely reads a book of this style, I was drawn in to personal stories, the deep experience, and wisdom that I found. I opened it because (like many) I wanted to hear about the first hand account of the trump train wreck, but I was taken over by everything else. A true lesson in ethics, great leadership, and standing true to who you are and what you believe in.
 Even with all of the subsequent exposes, the book holds up quite well. After reading the reviews, I wasn't expecting all of the details on early life, but little stories like working in a grocery store for a man he respected, actually did help me better understand some of Mr. Comey's beliefs and motivations. I admire Mr. Comey for his ability to stand by his convictions, even if I don't agree with some of his actions. All in all, I think the book makes a strong case for doing what you believe to be the best course of action, come Hell or high water. Being loyal to one's self is perhaps the most important thing of all.
 What a pleasure to read a book where you know the accounts are completely factual, and the author is completely honest, even with respect to his own shortcomings.  This book was a compelling read, not for any new disclosures, of which there were few (if any), but for the way in which the story knits together all that we already know about what happened between Trump and Comey.  We were fortunate to have James Comey serve us for so many years; that he is no longer on the job is our great loss.  (Ross Mitchell)
 This is a marvelous book.  It is not just about Trump!!! This shows Comey's journey to become the honorable and truthful man he is.  He talks candidly about those people that had a great influence on who he is today.  Outstanding<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/A-Higher-Loyalty-Truth-Lies-and-Leadership/dp/1250192455/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership</a> book; I would highly recommend!
 Save your money this guy is no author. More about Comey trying to clear his name. He never should have had that job he was way over his head. He is a proven kiss ass and that is how he survived in government for so many years. He cost Clinton the election pure and simple.
 Well written book, very compelling story. I was surprised to read about Department of Justice and FBI. Every few pages I had this urge to share the story I just read with my husband (he appreciated), it was that interesting. And through the book, this idea that leaders have to have this higher loyalty to the truth, to the team, be it a country or a grocery store. Would not change a paragraph in the book.
 Not what I expected.  Not bad, but not great.  I would recommend, however, for anyone who is following today's political scene.
 I finished this book before the FBI Inspector General's report was released.  I had also seen Mr. Comey speak in person, promoting the book.  His devotion to the rule of law is evident, as is his devotion to his own internal standards.  He describes both of these well, and in some detail, in the book.  Unfortunately, his devotion to being 'above politics' sunk him deep into them.  His actions may or may not have swung the election, but one has to wonder.
 As I read this book, I found myself asking the following question. Do you believe Donald Trump, or do you believe James Coney? As for me, I believe James Coney.
 Well written and funny...even thought I don't like that his actions had an impact on the 2016 election, I did enjoy this book and I do believe he tries to do the right thing. This book gives the reader (with an open mind) a chance to learn about the man and his convictions without the political spin. Well worth the investment, the book centers around him as a son, brother, friend, father, husband and career law enforcement officer. I'm thankful for his years of sacrifice and service to his community and country.
 I didn’t purchase the book until after hearing Mr. Comey explain during an interview that it’s not a book about Mr Trump but a book about leadership. He shared a lot about his life that brought laughter, tears, respect, and outrage. This is well written but the transition to the “political” examples (chapters) seemed a little forced. I highly recommend it and have given friends copies. After reading the book I’d like to meet Mr Comey to shake his hand and thank him for his service.
 A well-written, engaging, and inspiring book about how to be an ethical human being. This book is based off of Comey’s life experience, and president Trump was only in Comey’s life for several short months, so accordingly, info on Trump is only one small part of this book. I particularly liked learning about what daily work is like at the White House or FBI, and the Mafia prosecutions. Comey is a good writer, and his book should be widely read by people of all political stripes.
 Perfect name for an honorable &amp; trustworthy person such as James Comey.  This book is hard to put down.
 I am not sure why it took me so long to get through this book, but I did. I'm grateful to James Comey, and I can see why he chose to do the things he did, and to explain his side. The title is perfect, and I learned quite a bit about ethical leadership. I think I might read it again for more clarity. Though I was delighted to find out some of the infamous cases he help on, that was a very intriguing.
 I was not impressed at first because the reading level seemed to be about sixth grade. I was also under the impression that the book would just be one big whine from a person who, in my opinion, had made a bad call and influenced the election. However, once I read the clearly stated series of events, I felt myself leaning towards "forgiving" Comey for his October 2 016 announcement and feeling empathy for him. I ended the book feeling angry at what corrupt power can inflict on honest civil servants when people fail to object. I hope more people keep written records of their interactions with Trump.
 There's a tendency to accept the first version of an event you hear as gospel truth, then compare other versions to it. I may be more inclined to believe James Comey's story because of this. But A Higher Loyalty has the ring of truth. I can see myself reacting as he did in a situation that often resembled the Mad Hatter's Tea Party. The man is also a very good writer.
 Comey has to be very intelligent to write his FBI dealings with the White House.  Like teachers, I am sure he learn early to document everything in order for facts to be kept accurate.  The book is thorough, clearly written and the information is so needed by the public.  Thank you James Comey.
 I choose this book to get a better understanding of the political turmoil currently taking place. I felt that James Comey was tasked with walking a fine line when he dealt with Hillary Clinton's email investigation. Then Trump's apparent obstruction of the Russian interference with the 2016 election resulted in Comet's firing. A Higher Loyalty delivered the closer look I was seeking. I was also pleased with the leadership message that was conveyed through Comey's reflections and insight over the course of his career.
 Disliked Comey based on historical issues. I'm not afraid to say I've changed my mind. Absolutely enjoy his authenticity, humility, humanity, and honor. His commitment to reputable behavior and his respect for those who self sacrifice in order to expose outcomes of injustice is noteworthy. I hope he writes again.
 Politics aside, this is a fascinating look at the life of a law enforcement officer from the mob to the POTUS (whom he humorously  equates.)<br/><br/>Stunning recreation of his meetings and calls with Trump will make you cringe.
 The 2016 election hopefully has been a wake-up call as fake news and habitual lies have inundated the very fabric of our cherished institutions. It's convenient to blame Comey for the defeat of Hillary Clinton, but the 45% of registered voters who failed to get to the polls have themselves to blame for the daily clown show emanating from our nation's capitol. Comey's honesty and sense of duty to law enforcement is in sharp contrast to the mob atmosphere that has unleashed the worst hatred and divisiveness imaginable. This book saddens me to think that we can do so much better!
 Not what I was expecting at all. A man with strong ethics and a clear vision of honesty and truth. I was't really sure how I felt about this man when I began reading, but I'm very impressed with his leadership beliefs, and his character, and his deep desire to help people. So little about Trump in this, yet just enough to see a bit deeper into what a troubled man we have for president. I was not a supporter of Trump or Clinton in the election. In my opinion, it was a no win election. I'm sure Clinton would have been better than Trump, yet she is a troubling figure to me. I believe Mr. Comey did what he believed to be the right thing, the only thing in his mind, that he could do in regards to Clinton's emails. This is an extremely interesting book giving insights into our government that are both appalling and fascinating. Great read, wish he would write another book about some of the cases he worked with organized crime. I would love to read more from him. Whatever you think about him, put it aside and read the book. He is an impressive man.
 Outstanding read for non-fiction. I'm on the last 40 pages and I really don't want the book to end. The insight into how the Justice Department and the FBI work is outstanding - and the details of his work with three presidents is highly informative. James Comey's voice is authentic and apparent on every page; this book is clearly written from the heart of a man with a sound intellect and an upright character. As others have noted, the book leaves no doubt this man is doing his best to be transparent and forthright, and to do what is best for the country.
 Comey tell all is a little too late to impact any thing but his wallet.<br/>He was a coward.  Shame.
 I was not prepared to like or feel sympathetic for Comey.  Together with many progressives, I felt he had sabotaged the 2016 election.  After reading his book, I now feel he was caught between a rock and a hard place and made what he thought was the honorable decision.
 This book is very well written and in some places very funny.  Comey has had a very interesting career, I am nearly 3/4's way through the book and have not even come across his relationship with Trump as yet.  I am enjoying this book very much and find this a very good read.
 Mr. Comey has a unique perspective including a leadership role we can all respect. This book is as much about leadership as it is about current politics. I encourage anyone in a supervisory role to read this for a clear understanding of how to lead an organization.<br/>The indictment of the President is a given and likely will be proven correct in a short time. If only we can survive the forest fires.
 I liked Comey's writing style and the extensive background leading to the present. Comey is not a liar.  He is honest and kept the FBI's unsolved cases information within the FBI. He is very believable. No one is above the law.  This requires complete separation from other branches of government.  He suggests that he made some mistakes and only time will tell.
 Solid, well-thought out commentary on our current state of political affairs.
 Really interesting book that explains a perspective taken from life experiences. Not just about Trump, it covers his dealings with multiple people and shows a consistent effort to hold the high ground. Well worth reading.
 It was good to get inside James Comey's head to see where he is coming from.  He's very intelligent and perceptive, with a surprising and delightful sense of humor.  I haven't finished the book yet, but what I've read so far has given us much insight into how he approaches professional situations with integrity, knowledge, and intuitive planning.
 We cannot thrive as a nation when led by an ego-driven president.  POTUS has little regard for those who disagree with him and are strong enough to stand up to him.  The electorate, if the election is legitimate, made a major mistake in electing Trump.  We elected one who is neither qualified nor fit to hold the office.
 Former Director Comey  provided some insight into the thinking of Donald Trump. However, I found parts of the book had been revealed through interviews on television. Thanks for your service Mr. Comey.
 Well written book . I especially liked the stories Comey used to explain leadership , loved how he went back to his younger days ,giving cudos to those "everyday people" who shaped the person he became,and didnt focus only on his FBI and political life. You can disagree with his decisions or politics but not the quality of this book
 James Cindy's book details a long and storied career that was fascinating to read.  The mob stories alone could fill an entire book. It is a shame his experiences and observations have been darkened by the patina of current American politics.
 Very interesting. Includes background on other cases. Appreciated hearing Mr Comey's process for making decisions. Liked his writing style.
 Enjoyed it thoroughly. Broke my heart about the baby. Mr. Comey explains the "why it was done like this." ( Although I may not agree it was necessarily the best way.). After reading this book, I don't see how he kept from knocking that fluffy thing off 45's block. I'm sure it would be warranted.  Call it a bee in his bonnet.
 I found this book very inspiring thank you thank you thank you Mr. Comey for  having the honesty and integrity needed, and thank you for your attempt to hold our democracy together
 Good book but unnecessarily long winded.  I enjoyed most of it but it was so tedious in places in afraid I skipped some pages.
 The book provided a good perspective on Comey’s rationale for breaking with precedent and commenting on an ongoing investigation and commenting within days of the election. While I don’t agree with Comey’s actions it was interesting to read about how his prior experiences (e.g legality of torture during Bush presidency) might have led him to these actions
 amazing book. better understanding of James Comey as well as great leadership advice. Helped out a lot on a similar situation i am currently going through...obviously on a much smaller scale.
 A truth teller of high integrity. This contrasts so much with the lying infantile narcissism of Trump. I am ashamed of my country, who has succumbed so easily to an obvious fascist. Yes fascist.<br/><br/>The day may come that calls for dramatic measures to rid us of this venal horrible leader!  Impeachment must happen!
 How is it possible that people could elect a dictator. imagine the horror this man this egomaniac could commit without term boundaries a congress FBI etc James Comey it is comforting men of your calibre exist. Trump has given new light on how revolting and devoid of ethics a person can be. A truly great lesson. Tough medicine.
 This book is a great read. I laughed, I cried, I didn't actually cry, but I did laugh.<br/><br/>Comey tells his perspective of some very troubling situations and while he admits at times that he doesn't hold all the answers, he eloquently fleshes out how a real leader should act.<br/><br/>As a reader who does not find comfort in either of our political parties, I found this perspective of holding truth and ethics higher than partisanship extremely refreshing. We, as a nation, need to remember that our duty to our country rises above what team we're own and hold our own people accountable for their transgressions. Comey understands this, which is why Comey is my Homey.
 Not much new in here. "Fire and Fury," tells a better story. Still when the two are taken together, they paint a chilling portrait of the person who is currently the president.
 This volume gave an enlightening view into the way James Comey thinks and acts. Since presidents live in the limelight, it was fascinating to read his personal view of three. We, my husband and two sons and I, viewed President Obama's first inauguration with awe. We had seen others from President Reagan's, with the astonishing release of hostages, onward. It was dismaying to find our republican friends had almost no conception of the historical significance and joy of President Obama's inauguration. That aside(!), I thoroughly enjoyed reading the work of a man of erudition and humanity.
 James Comey is a truly loyal and honest man. His integrity is above reproach. He follows the letter of the law to a fault. He is probably the last real person in Washington. What I didn’t like was the imbecile in the White House sent him packing.
 It was very easy for this reader to tell that this book was written from the heart and by a former civil servant who sincerely believes in the integrity and tireless work of all the dedicated people working for the FBI. The book clearly shows the former FBI’s Director as a man who loves this country and all it has stood for. His loyalty to the truth and the Constitution of the U. S. would not be compromised despite the wants and desires of President Trump. A true man of integrity and professionalism despite the hurdles he had to jump while keeping his faith in the system and a hope for a better tomorrow. Well done sir.
 An excellent, well written book!  No matter what you thought of James Comey’s role In the last election cycle, he is professional and honest and lays out a good case against Trump.
 This is a fascinating book. I am not sure I agree that James Comey made the best decision regarding the email announcement so close to the presidential election.<br/><br/>But, the author provided valuable insights into the actions of the individual occupying our White House. May God have mercy on us all.
 A good insight into a man who I believe is an honorable man.  As humans, we all make mistakes.  It is how we correct those mistakes that determines how we will be judged in the end.
 And impressive leadership tail that leaves me anxious about the future but I believe that change for the better will outlive Trump. Thank you Comey for the difference you made
 It's very well written and compelling.
 Comey's book is built around the question of what constitutes good leadership?  He narrates his life with a focus on the bosses he has had: from his local grocer to high level government attorneys and three presidents!  (I was particularly surprised by the level of interaction he had with the Bush administration as deputy attorney general.)  He compares and contrasts their leadership qualities to distinguish what he found to be valuable traits from the detrimental.  He also details his own experiences as a leader.<br/><br/>What I particularly love about this book is how easy it is to follow his thought process.  Since it is an autobiography, you can see chronologically into how he learned and his decision making process.
 Comey is an excellent writer!  Reads like a novel—descriptive, informative, and believable.  Having the context from a reliable source provided me with useful information about Comey, the FBI and its relationship with the Trump and prior administrations.
 I am having a hard time getting into this book.  It is fairly interesting but not a page turner for me.  I am sure I will finish it one day but it is not my priority.
 I have always heard good things about Comey and supported him fully, as I come from a military and law enforcement family. I am always quick to defend law enforcement, even in these sad times where it’s “in” to bash them (and sometimes murder them). I whole-heartedly supported and defended Comey in forums that bashed him after he announced the Clinton email investigation, and again when he re-opened the case. I am NOT a Hillary fan, nor a Democrat or a Republican. I simply wanted change after what I perceived to be a sad 8 years under Obama. My son served in Afghanistan and Obama’s ROE’s and his lack of respect for military and law enforcement (and America at times) made me see red.<br/><br/>I assumed Comey would be and remain bipartisan in his service to Obama and then Trump. It was not to be. I have a few real issues with his version of what happened. First, he claimed that poor Hillary was very ignorant of technology, as she didn’t realize that hacking was done via the internet, which he read in her ridiculous recent book. Really? She was FIRST LADY and then SECRETARY OF STATE and you really think she was that naive? That statement alone spoke volumes about the obvious pass she was given.<br/><br/>Second, you would think, since he is so bipartisan, that he would have an open mind when it came to President Trump. His first meeting had him thinking the following: “This was the first time I’d ever seen Donald Trump face-to-face. He appeared shorter than he seemed on a debate stage with Hillary Clinton. Otherwise, as I looked at the president-elect, I was struck that he looked exactly the same in person as on television, which surprised me because people most often look different in person. His suit jacket was open and his tie too long, as usual. His face appeared slightly orange, with bright white half-moons under his eyes where I assumed he placed small tanning goggles, and impressively coiffed, bright blond hair, which upon close inspection looked to be all his. I remember wondering how long it must take him in the morning to get that done. As he extended his hand, I made a mental note to check its size. It was smaller than mine, but did not seem unusually so.”<br/><br/>REALLY? That is your professional, bipartisan view of your first meeting with a new president? Wow, just wow. He was 99.9% negative when it came to Trump and 100% positive when it came to Obama. It was obvious where his loyalty lied, yet he was appalled that President Trump requested his loyalty. He had previously said that it was highly unusual to be in a private meeting with the president, yet he did this multiple times with Obama.<br/><br/>Last, I felt that this book was written as retaliation for his firing and to clear his name, not to mention smearing Trump as much as possible. I applaud his early years in the bureau, but his last few years left me highly disappointed and disgusted by the way he was swayed and played.<br/><br/>That said, I will always have the utmost respect for the FBI and all law enforcement agencies. I thank Mr. Comey for his service and hope that he finds peace in his life.
 I believe this man is an altar boy. President Trump is a villain. I believe that  the loyalty discussion occurred,because of all the similar discussions in Trump' s books. I consider that this discussion borders on obstruction of justice. Soon the US will rid itself of this scoundrel and many of his supporters.
 Many reviewers have already summarized the contents of the book and scanned it to and fro.<br/>Therefore I shall focus on three specific episodes in this book that haven't gotten that much attention: Comey's interactions with President Obama; his confrontations with President Trump; and his list of expectations from his agents, delivered on his first day as FBI director.<br/>Comey's meetings with Obama and Trump are invaluable for two reasons: most of us would never have the chance to meet and converse with a president, and here we get the opportunity to assess the character of two presidents. Furthermore, Comey's descriptions put the differences between these presidents into sharp relief.<br/>Comey's reports of his interactions with Obama are heart-warming; they do justice to both men. In his first meeting with Obama, Comey is struck by "how much thinner  Obama] appeared in person and his ability to focus." (118) He was also impressed by Obama's view of the FBI as an institution "politically independent" from the president (120). This contrasts with the bear hug Trump gives Comey in his attempt to keep the FBI director close  and loyal to him.  On his way out of the Oval Office, Comey remarks on Obama's supple mind and his ability to see and evaluate complicated issues from a variety of angels. He is astounded that such a man got elected president. (So was I.)<br/>In one memorable vignette Comey recalls a conversation with Obama in which he explained to the president what he would do for poor, run-down black communities. Comey used the common FBI expression "weed and seed" to describe what he thought was needed--"pulling out the bad guys and working to grow something healthy in the space created by the arrests." (149) President Obama quietly took him to task: "'Can you see how that might sound to black people? Calling young men in their community 'weeds'?" Comey admitted that he never thought about it in this way. He was, he said "trapped in  his] own perspective." Thinking further he says, "A black person--who happened to be president of the United States--helped me see through other eyes." (149) In his book, Comey often reminds us that a leader needs both confidence and humility, and here he shows how gracefully he can accept the president's criticism. The story glows with the humanity of both leaders.<br/>Comey's encounters with President Trump are certainly of a different kind. Comey points out Trump's "expressionless blue eyes" (238) and the complete absence of laughter from his narrow repertoire of expressions, mostly angry, hard, and tight. Furthermore, Trump does not suffer disagreement. When Comey says that we "aren't the kind of killers that Putin is" (250), the opposite of what Trump asserted in his interview with O'Reilly, Trump just ended the conversation, then and there.<br/>By now we have all seen Trump's explosive temper, his thoughtless utterances, his cruelty, and his lies. However the most chilling (and for me new) aspect of Trump's conduct, which Comey mentions time and again, is what Trump really wanted, a patronage relationship. Comey compares Trump and his minions to the Italian Mafia, "La Cosa Nostra. The mafia "always drew a line between someone who was 'a friend of yours,'...and someone who was 'friend of ours,' meaning an official member of the family. I sat there thinking, Holy crap, they are trying to make each of us an 'amica rostra'--friend of ours. To draw us in. As crazy as it sounds, I suddenly had the feeling that, in the blink of an eye, the president-elect was trying to make us part of the same family and that Team Trump had made it a 'thing of ours.' " (221-222) Incredibly, Trump tried to make Comey a "made man."<br/>But what truly hits the spot in Comey's comparison of Trump to La Cosa Nostra is the way, as Comey explains, that Trump avoids challenge and disagreement. He never stop talking. He is never involved in dialogue, never listens. He only talks and talks. In this way, "Trump pulls all those present into a silent circle of assent. With him talking a mile a minute, with no spot for others to jump into the conversation,  Comey] could see how easily everyone in the room could become a coconspirator to his preferred set of facts, or delusions." (250) So that's how he does it, I thought, and it is true. His rapid-fire monologues leave "no space for others to talk." (249) How true and scary.<br/>Finally, to get away from Trump's awful darkness, I must look for the light in Comey's notes to his agents, on the day he became the FBI director.<br/>There are several things that buoyed me in Comey's list of expectations (131). He expects his employees to "find joy in their work" because their work has a "moral content."  He also expects them to treat everybody with respect, to work hard, and to fight for balance in their life. The balance is between work and home, or other activities, to refresh themselves. In their line of work, he continues, family is often neglected, for the thought is always, "I'll get back to it." Comey warns them: "You will turn to get back and they will be gone." Therefore--and here's the thing I never expected the Director of the FBI to say, never: "I order you to love somebody." How wonderful! It reminds me of Leonard Cohen saying: "Love is the only engine of survival." But who expects the Director to be also a poet? Isn't this great?<br/>Shelly Spilka
 Beautifully written. I really enjoyed everything about it. Everyone needs to read this book to find out the truth about Trump.
 Comey attempt to explain events, and justify his actions.<br/><br/>I didn’t like Comey preaching at me, or telling me what I need to do to be a Real American.
 I love the way Mr. Comey speaks so simply, yet so honestly.  It's as though you were sitting next to him on a bus or an airplane, and he is conversing with you.  I was very angry with him when he re-opened the Hillary e-mail investigation just before the election, but this book allowed me to forgive him.
 While I think Comey exercised bad judgment on occasion, I think he is a man who is otherwise on the straight and narrow. I believe Comey is telling the truth about what occurred in terms of his interaction with Trump. Neither he nor the F.B.I. deserve being my pilloried by Trump and his Trump bots. There is little doubt that Comey was fired because of the Russian investigation. Even Trump acknowledged that was the reason for Comey's  termination during  Trump's interview with Lester Holt. Truth be told, Comey is more of a decent man than that bloviating, corrupt, narcissistic windbag we call President could ever be. Comey hit the nail on the head when he likened Trump to the head of a crime family.<br/><br/>The book, in large part,  is about Comey's life and what shaped him into the man whom he became. He is a family man and pretty much a straight arrow. He is also a bit of a pompous ass. He claims he did not want politics to affect his decisions, but that is exactly what he did. When the investigation into Hillary's emails did not rise to the level of a prosecutable offense, and, thus, there would be no prosecution, he should have followed the cardinal rule of a prosecutor and left it at that but he did not, following it up with gratuitous commentary. Moreover, his later announcement that he was re-opening the investigation because new emails were found, without knowing the substance of the emails or evidence of any transgression, was also disturbing. Comey tries to justify his doing these things in his book, but it falls flat. So, for these transgressions alone, Comey should have been fired. The problem is that he was fired for the wrong reason.
 Still in the process of reading..... But so far this book is awesome. Very informative in the respect of the amount of description in why things were processed as they were.
 I have watched the political  scene from 2015 until  now with the same horror and facination as watching a train wreck.  A good leader surrounds himself  with good people.  Trump has utterly failed to do this.  I turned  off the news  and traveled the country.  That along with reading this  book  put it in prospective.  We will be  fine,  but  it's going to suck before it gets better.  Thank you  Director  Comey  for writing  this book.  Marcello USN Retired
 Much better than expected! Very interesting.
 Mr. Comey's writing style is easy to follow and he tells great stories, touching stories. He has a strong belief in the truth and the law, it's refreshing.
 Comey's integrity shines through his thoughts and moral agonies. A lesser person would not question the right thing to do.  I do not believe his defense of our country is over.
 Well written and a good insight into an administration headed by someone unfit for public office.<br/><br/>Comey should never have been fired and is to be admired for telling the facts.
 A well written book by what seems to me as a truly honorable man who has spent his entire adult life bringing criminals to justice. Now being character assassinated, slandered and defamed by a president who in Comey's own words is"untethered to truth."
 Gives the reader a perspective from inside. I liked how he told his story for most of the book without bringing Trump into it. The news has given us most of that but to see the kind of leadership he experienced before Trump makes for a great foundation of what solid leadership is supposed to be.
 Just finished his book this morning.  I have faith which the book portrays that the country will be OK.  Loved the stories he tells of past FBI experiences prosecuting people, how he made those decisions, many of which were in the news.  Excellent writing so interesting to read.
 This I can tell you... it’s a Tremendous read. TREMENDOUS!!! Many people are saying it’s like nothing you’ve ever seen before. Many People! Believe me! 🇷🇺💥🇺🇸
 If you ever had any doubts about Mr. Comey being the epitome of STRAIGHT SHOOTER - this incredible book will put them all at rest.  The least interesting thing about it is that it is very well written with so many extremely important recent historical decisions thoroughly explained. His memory of all events in which he was highly involved makes you understand why he was elevated to so many influential positions.  There is simply no doubt that his precise documented memos related to conversations with our current POTUS were exact and not to be doubted.  Given the current state of events, I cannot recommend this HIGHLY ENOUGH.  I t clearly provides accurate, behind the scenes data, on many of the recent news events related to the FBI and also vivid explanations of how the Bureau of Investigation works.
 Most biased self serving book I’ve ever tried to read.  Where does this guy come from.  He should be in jail
 If you're looking for a book where the author beats his own drum this is the one for you.
 A Higher Loyalty will go down as one of the best non-fiction books I have ever read! I challenge anyone, Democrat or Republican, to read Comey's book with an open mind and not come away actually liking this guy and believing that he did his best in all situations to honor truth and our Constitution. Surprisingly, less than one fourth of the book was dedicated to discussing Donald Trump. The other three fourths laid the groundwork for why Comey became the man that he is...highly principled and honest to the point of agreeing to take a bullet for the sake of his beliefs. In the sixteen months since Donald Trump has taken office, we have gotten a good glimpse into his true personality so that by the time Comey gets to the Trump stories, the descriptions seem to fit to a T. You believe what Comey says. While I question the timing of this book, it is clearly one that had to be written. Buy it. Read it. You won't be sorry.
 I highly recommend this book no matter what your political preference. James Comey clearly explains the role of the FBI and why he made the decisions he did. I finished this book with a sense of hope...that no one is above the law and a new trust in our democratic process.
 Not much new here that we didn't already know, however the book is well written and reveals much about Comey's personal life we didn't know before.
 I've always wondered how mentally stable Trump is.  He seems so insecure in not tolerating any views other than his own.  The book tells it like it is.
 Reading this autobiography both inspired and disgusted me. James Comey was an ethical hard working highly intelligent director at our FBI. I was disgusted by the treatment he received by our president. I found his story a page turner that I hope every American has the opportunity to read.
 Truly enjoying this book.  Anyone who criticizes this book is either stupid or a liar..  Mr. Comey appears to be a very honorable and loving family man.  And I would certainly support any efforts he would ever have to run for being a REAL President.  It is incredible. Well done.Thank you James Comey.
 James Comey did a great service by explaining how things work in the Fbi. He is a man of honor and truth. Great book.
 There is so much more to this book than I knew. I thought it was all about Trump. No. It is all about perceptions of government and interactions with Presidents going back to Clinton. I found this book to be impartial, honest with regard to the writer and incredible in it's quiet reality.
 James Comey’s ability to speak truth to power is a refreshing account that honesty in Washington is not dead. The USA needs to hear more stories like his which are focused on the truth; not one’s political party. The American experiment is alive and well!
 "Drain the Swamp" by getting President Trump out of office, before he causes more damage to these United States of America!!!!!!!!
 I was surprised that only the last 2-3 chapters were about Trump based on all the hope and media attention about this book.  It was really a biography of Jim Comey’s entire life until present.  There were a lot of interesting backstories to some infamous cases and new stories  such as the Marta Stewart case and the Bush White House/NSA privacy invasion of US citizens after 9/11.  I also enjoyed some of his childhood stories and his views on leadership.  Overall I respect Jim Comey more not because of his self-proclaimed morality and ethics but because of the amount of public service and his dedication to his job especially at the FBI and to justice.  I was able to verify a lot of what he wrote about in the book which made me trust him more.  I was not aware that he was not an Obama supporter or really a Bush supporter until reading this book.  The non-verifiable parts of the story were his opinions and reasons for the decisions that he made but they were well thought out and explained.  I also liked his views on leadership and the examples of his bosses and colleagues’ leadership which made you think about how you could be a better leader.  This book was definitely not what I expected plot-wise but it exceeded my expectations of thought-provoking ideas instead of Washington gossip and rumor like Fire and Fury.
 Impressed with this writer's humility and obvious integrity.  Having been a Republican  up into a few years ago, it amazes me how Republicans claim to be conservative while being more that anxious to waste taxpayers money on wars we cannot win and projects that favor their constituents financially. - at the same time they resent taking care of the needy in our own country.
 The book is very good. It told a very good story on how to be a leader. The media only focused and was interested in the relationship between Comey and Trump. Personally, I feel that the how-to on leadership is more important especially when you are in a very difficult situation to choose.
 This book is quite an insight into on workings of US government agencies for both US citizens and this Canadian. It is not a book about the Trump government but an auto-biography of James Comey. Only the last couple chapters deal the Trump fiasco. I believe this book to be factual as what is said is, for the most part, easily confirmed.
 I pre-ordered this book and read it immediately as I wanted to understand the background of Comey’s decision regarding the Hillary Clinton email investigation, as well as the nature and characteristics of this man who held the office as director of the FBI at that time.  Many weeks have passed since I completed the book, and I still do not completely understand or agree with the human decision. What I discovered was a book written about leadership by a man who honored the law and who was not afraid to face darkness and find his way back to light. Unfortunately, the mind set of our country does not operate that way and we listen and fall prey too easily to reactionary leaders and our own emotions. Comey points out the power of listening, a disciplined skill which I believe must be learned and practiced every hour of the day. This book is a must read and one to discuss with others, a book for all voters, both young and old. It is a book to use in examining and considering the role of good leadership of this democracy in a republic of ours that we must preserve; which was established upon those principles of freedom, equality, justice and humanity for which American patriots sacrificed their lives and their fortunes. (Re: The American’s Creed).
 “Thoughtful people are staring at the vicious partisanship that has grown all around us. Far from creating a new norm where lying is widely accepted, the Trump presidency has ignited a focus on truth and ethics. Parents are talking to their children about truth-telling, about respect for all people, about rejecting prejudice and hate. Schools and religious institutions are talking about values-driven leadership.<br/><br/>“The next president, no matter the party, will surely emphasize values—truth, integrity, respect, and tolerance—in ways an American leader hasn’t needed to for more than forty years. The fire will make something good grow. I wrote this book because I hope it will be useful to people living among the flames who are thinking about what comes next. I also hope it will be useful to readers long after the flames are doused, by inspiring them to choose a higher loyalty, to find truth among lies, and to pursue ethical leadership.”<br/><br/>These words from the Epilogue left me shaken. Why? Because James Comey’s view that the “forest fire” that is the Trump presidency will “make something good grow,” as happens in the forest after an actual fire. I wish I could share this man’s optimism.<br/><br/>Unlike the Nixon debacle, I do not think the current situation is a constitutional blip that can be resolved any time soon, if ever. A Trump-like presidency has been a long time coming. Actually, I should say a Trump-like government. I’d have more hope if it weren’t for the appalling silence from Congress on both sides of the aisle. Oh, there are a view voices, but not nearly enough, and certainly not early enough. The causes behind this situation are many, most having to do with the corruption that comes from greed. From the robber barons of the Gilded Age on, especially during FDR’s administration, the power elite has worked tirelessly, ruthlessly, to bring this government down, back to the “good old days” when those who dared interfere with the elite’s obscene profits were crushed. Every progressive advance was met with strong opposition. From FDR’s Social Security to LBJ’s Medicare to Obamacare, the opposition has been in high gear, and it’s been frighteningly successful. Forty percent of the voting population don’t go to the polls because they believe the propaganda that their votes don’t count. They’ve bought the lie that the social programs just mentioned are evil, anti-American, ungodly socialism. The “ungodly”part is crucial to their success. Whoever said that when fascism comes to America, it will be wrapped in the flag, carrying a cross nailed it (usually attributed to Sinclair Lewis.) We are perilously close to fascism, but it won’t be called that. No, it’s “Americanism,” America First, Make America Great Again (shh, like it was during the Gilded Age.) And never mind that Congress will continue to enjoy the finest “socialist” medical care in the world, move along, nothing to see here. People buy into this just as they did in mid-century Europe, where the main emphasis was on scapegoating. It worked then; it’s working now.<br/><br/>What does all this have to do with James Comey’s book? Everything, if it makes people think. If it makes people feel the outrage over what has been happening in our country. If it opens our eyes. And our mouths to speak out, as Comey has so eloquently done.<br/><br/>UPDATE:<br/>I have more to add, but after my political rant yesterday, I just stopped there. First, Celia wanted to know why I gave it five stars. When a book can affect my emotions, and make me think, it’s a winner. Second, I had no idea Comey could actually write. The book is quite surprisingly readable.<br/><br/>We don’t get to the Trump era of Comey’s book until the 75% mark, btw, the part most people want to read. But I became interested with everything leading up to that, too. In particular, I now finally understand the excruciating dilemma he was in over whether to speak or stay silent about the thousands of never before seen emails by Clinton that turned up on Anthony Weiner’s computer. In fact, difficult decisions had to be made throughout his career serving three presidents. It’s a truly fascinating read.
 I just finished reading a few minutes ago and all I can say is WOW. A phenomenal read regardless of your political views/opinions! You'll understand how deeply Comey cares for the well-being and security of the American people. A truly ethical, kind, and compassionate leader.
 This is more than a book on contemporary politics!  Comey's  life story is an examination of pursuing excellence in leadership - gaining and nurturing the respect and loyalty of colleagues and subordinates in acquiring and keeping the public trust.
 Before I read this book, I did not have a positive impression of James Comey, but I felt I needed to read this to understand more about what has been happening in our country and why. It is pretty hard to read this book and not feel respect and admiration for Comey. The book is well written and methodically builds in a way to give the reader a full understanding of the man and what shaped his motivations, namely a belief in law and order and commitment to uphold such.  I learned a great deal about things I recall hearing in the news decades ago, but never fully understood, and about more current topics as well.<br/>I came away with a new appreciation of Comey as a brilliant (but humble) and dedicated public servant. He stands in stark contrast to most of today’s political figures. We need more people like him in public service.
 No matter what you think of the subject matter the information was delivered well. I learned alot about many things I didn't even know I would have been intrested in.
 Mr. Comey tells a story of the White House in terms that bring you inside. He has an excellent way of telling his story and his struggles trying to maintain justice within his organization while facing corrupt behaviors from a questionable President.
 One of the most fascinating books I’ve ever read. Compelling, candid, professional and insightful. Also a thought-provoking treatise on the qualities of leadership.
 Comey is a bit of a nerd - and made a disastrous decision leading up to election because he believed HRC was a shoe-in - but he clearly cares about the right things - has a decent moral compass...and it just re-inforces what a broken sad human 45th is
 A man of honor and integrity wrote this book.  To bad Trump doesn’t read, he might learn something here.  Thank you to all the great people who serve our country.
 This book confirmed my fears,  we have an unethical president and he doesn't care who he treads on. I applaud Comey for his honesty and service. I will certainly be talking to children what lying means and the cost to others!
 This book was incredibly well written.  It gives me hope that we WILL recover from this horrific stain on the Presidency.  James Comey is a model for ALL true patriots to emulate.
 I'm sure Mr Comey has much information that couldn't be divulged at this time in history but considering what he is permitted to publicly discuss, I think he wrote a clear, compelling narrative that gives us a window into some of the political games and potholes he had to step around. I was impressed with his honest and forthright prose.
 He is a bit self-serving, but keeping that in mind, I GREATLY admire and appreciate Mr Comey for respecting the Constitution, respecting the division of powers among executive, legislative and judicial branches, and making decisions based on them that are absolutely critical when others in positions of power repeatedly attempted to force him to do otherwise.  This country is nothing if we do not respect ‘the law’ and it is critically important to prevent any attempt to circumvent it.
 This is a horrible, self-serving, quickly produced piece of behind covering baloney. James Comey should be ashamed of himself for trying to "explain" himself and his stupid actions which influenced the 2016 election before all the investigations and testimonies have finished. Never have I read such a blatant piece of self-promoting garbage as this book. Shame on you, Comey. Who cares what you've done in your life. You threw an election (with the Russians' help) and gave us the most disgusting excuse for a president and human being in our country's history. A pox on you and your career. How much better off would we all have been without you.
 James Comey puts his personal account to the events that lead to becoming the Director of the FBI. He examines his own motives and integrity as he gives us insight on the difficult decisions made during his tenure and up to being fired by Trump.<br/>I tried to read this with an open mind. Comey admits that he was in a no win situation dealing with the investigation of emails from Hillary Clinton's private server. At the end of the day, I think he is an honest man doing the right thing. I believe his account of meetings with Trump as he relates the 'loyalty' demand from Trump. An interesting read for those who want a peek behind the curtains in the White House.
 While I didn't learn much new information, it was gratifying to read what I believed to be true. Mr. Comey is just one of many who's life has been negatively affected by Mr. Trump. I pray our country's leaders will be stronger than this one defective person.
 I read a lot, and I've certainly followed the news.  I bought the book because I figured I "should" read it, though I wasn't too enthusiastic based on the TV coverage of it, which focused on the Trump days.<br/><br/>Right from the beginning, the book touched me deeply.  It was about the pursuit of virtue while occupying the body of a fallible human being.  I didn't even have to bother with the Trump stuff until over 2/3 of the way through the book.<br/><br/>It's a book about character, and humility, and trying to adhere to a code of "good" while facing more pressure than most can even dream of.<br/><br/>I shed a number of tears, and I laughed in places.  My favourite passage was his short discussion of the "imposter syndrome."  It was so out of character and yet, as I thought more, it was so "in" character with his sense of humour.<br/><br/>I read a huge number of books.  This is one that really moved me, and inspired me to be a better person.
 First of all, I hardly ever write book reviews...but this one was TOO good to pass up. Seems like thousands of others agree! I found it very interesting and I learned a lot! Comey for President :) Thank you Mr. Comey for the courage to do what's right.
 I am a moderate Democrat just so you know.<br/>I thought the book was interesting and written pretty well, but for an item of non-fiction there was a decided "moral" to the story.  The moral of this story is that Mr. Comey has almost always done the "right thing", felt terrible when he did the "wrong thing", always acts with considerable humbleness, and doesn't seem to think much of Mr. Trump.  I suppose if I wrote a book about my life it would share the same sentiment.  I like to think I do the right thing, and if I know I have done something bad, I feel bad. I feel like a reasonably humble guy and I don't like the guy that fired me two years ago either (they didn't call it firing, but hey, I aint working there no more and it wasn't my choice).<br/>I think Mr. Comey needed money as government service doesn't pay as well as a lot of folks think, and a book was the fast track to financial stability.  It did show how a lot of seemingly unrelated actions can be linked together.<br/>Overall; glad I read it, but it is only another piece of the puzzle.
 Amazing book by an amazing man. Extremely well written, almost like a suspense novel. I was upset over Comey’s decision to report reopening the Clinton email case so close to the election but his explanation made me admire his need for truth over politics and how hard that decision was. A complex, extremely bright man with a sense of humor as well as honor. I hope under a sane president in the future that he has another opportunity to serve our Constitution.
 This book makes me believe Comey, but prompts me not to like him much.  He comes off as a "holier than thou" personality with the audacity to breach rules within the DOJ to take it upon himself to disclose the "Weiner Laptop" issue to the public.  He also has a penchant for valuing his own opinion most highly and rationalizing to support it.  This, with his claims of being humble,  is quite obnoxious.  Glad I read this.  It illuminates the man and his character.  Of course, he also illuminates the Trump character.  And it's far worse than Comey's.
 This book reminds me in a way of Augustine's "Confessions" or Newman's "Apologia." Comey reflects on his life in light of the great issues of our day.  This autobiography isn't just about him; it is about the values he holds dear for responsible self-government.  After all, we have a republic, "if we can keep it," to paraphrase Benjamin Franklin.<br/><br/>I was at first a bit perplexed by some of the things Comey included regarding his childhood--bullying, for example--but the logic of including that and other topics became apparent later in the book.  "A Higher Loyalty" isn't just about Comey's conflict with Donald Trump (which is the focus of about  20% of the book), but about the ongoing challenge in our time of maintaining the integrity of the Justice Department and the FBI, in light of demands placed on these organizations by both Democrats and Republicans.<br/><br/>I was struck by how Comey's concerns reflect those of Cicero, in light of Caesar's challenge to the Roman Republic.  We can be thankful that  a man with Comey's integrity had high responsibility in these two vital governmental agencies and that he sought to prevent them from becoming instruments of a coercive state, in many cases unintentionally.  How easy it is for even well-intentioned people (let alone for ill-informed people) to abuse power unintentionally for a "higher" cause.<br/><br/>This book will hopefully help people examine the challenges we face in the United States (and in other countries as well) to main stable, honest, republics.  Comey shows us the need to be eternally vigilant.  As for those who don't believe Comey and say he is lying, hold on for 50 years until the archives are opened.  Let's hope people are archiving what the law requires.
 A GREAT read &amp; a truly fascinating book. It was interesting gaining his perspective, &amp; it gives me hope. Comey’s philosophical principles on honesty &amp; leadership are well framed. I was really moved by this book. It reminded me of why integrity in leadership deeply matters. If you haven’t read it; you should! Awesome storytelling. I’m not disappointed.
 I bought this book as a Mother’s Day present as this book is what my mom wanted. However, when we received the book it had greasy fingers prints in the cover, very disgusting. i had to use a Clorox wipe on the prints to clean them off. Whoever handles the packaging should maybe skip the greasy food, I didn’t pay money for a greasy book.
 I was  unsure as to my thoughts about Mr. Comey's decisions regarding the 2016 election but respected his position as FBI Director.  After reading this book, I have great admiration for his courage and his commitment to the truth.  Thank-you James Comey for being you!
 A man of integrity tries to explain why he is honest and loyal and what made him that way. If you are looking for a book the trashes #45, this is not it.<br/>Not just for politicos...this book is for anyone who values truth above trash. I loved it.
 I am glad I read this book, not because Mr. Comey wrote it but because it sheds some light on the different structures in US government departments and the need for having and keeping boundaries. The fact that Mr. Comey wrote it is a bonus for sure. I remember seeing Mr. Comey at the International Conference on Cyber Security in NY when he was still the FBI director. The first thing I noticed was his confidence and yet humble persona. I have read and heard his speeches and believe him to be an honest man. Having read this book has reinforced my opinion about him. I am saddened by the way president Trump treated him. I had a dislike for Trump and after reading this I dislike him even more. My heart goes out to all US residents who did not vote for him yet are forced to stand him for the coming years.<br/>This book helps you understand the different paths Mr. Comey took both in his personal life and his career. There are sad moments and there are some funny moments. It’s nice to see that after all Mr. Comey went through he still has a sense of humour.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend this book to those seeking to understand the events that led to the firing of Mr. Comey, those seeking to understand in layman’s terms the differences between different federal government agencies, those seeking to understand what true leadership is about. It’s about transparency, integrity, decency, doing the right thing, having confidence but staying humble, acknowledging that you should want to educate your workforce with accurate feedback and that even if the rule of thumb is that every employee is dispensable - you treat them as indispensable!<br/><br/>To quote him on accurate feedback: “The best leaders are both kind and tough....Ray Dalio believes there is no such thing as negative feedback or positive feedback; there is only accurate feedback, and we should care enough about each other to be accurate. By avoiding hard conversations and not telling people where they were struggling and how they could improve, I was depriving them of the chance to grow”
 This should be required reading for anyone interested in History of our country.  The events detailed are scary but ring of truth.  Our country and its citizens owe James Comey a debt of gratitude for being brave enough to speak his mind and Honest to the Core
 I loved learning the real James Comey, not the one that is receiving such smack from our leaders who know his worth but must have someone to blame .  Truth will always win. Thanks for your truth and service Mr Comey
 After reading this book, am not sure if Comey was a victim or a liar.  Gonna take more than this book to unravel this mess.  I have passed it on.  Probably should have waited on it at my library.  Waste of my money.
 This is an excellent book.  Two parts come to mind: First are the author’s discussions about bullying and the examples he gave of honorable people, ordinary everyday individuals, who were examples for him in his learning how to treat others; and second is his use of the memo from J. Edgar Hoover signed off on by Robert Kennedy regarding the government’s attempt to de-legitimize Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his work for racial equality.  Having grown up in the 60’s and 70’s and seeing a resurgence of evil which the current president supports and fuels for his self aggrandizement, I am hopeful for the integrity that Mr. Comey exemplifies in this book.  I wish him safety and a good life.  I would say to him, Thank you for writing this book.
 As someone concerned with the current leadership of our country, this book was a breath of fresh air and reassurance that America will be just fine. It is an honest, non-partisan, book about a great leader who is not afraid to speak truth, even when encouraged not to.
 Excellent book about honesty, integrity, and true leadership, as almost everyone has already said. Very inspiring, especially in the epilogue. I didn't expect to have any interest in reading this, but was very pleasantly surprised. Very refreshing to read, especially during this awful presidency.
 made me believe Comey even more. He's very good at relating detail in a vignette, and not afraid to be candid. What a shame our political system has come to this, that good men have to resort to this to tell their truths.
 James Comey has made me think. I value that greatly in an author and in a man. I value Comey's insistence on the truth over loyalty to any man or political party. The example he sets is one we could all emulate.
 Fascinating read about the goings-on behind the scenes. An easy, conversational tone makes it a quick and easy read while still providing a lot of interesting ( and shocking) details about working for the FBI.
 Fast, well written book.  He describes everything so you feel like you were in the room.
 This is a thoughtful book about leadership and about the place the FBI holds in American government. Honestly, after reading this book I looked up what it takes tp joine the FBI. This book gives great perspective on the choices made and why.
 read this book....no matter how Trump and his followers try to smear James Comey - the truth of Comey’s experiences shine through.  The book is not just about Trump, it’s about Comey’s thoughts about leadership throughout his career.<br/>We need more leaders like Comey more than ever.
 Well written and an easy read.  It gives another important perspective to issues of today.
 I was curious to hear him Express his motivation regarding the Clinton  investigation.  I may not agree totally with his outcome but it is apparent that he is indeed a patriot and guardian of the F.B.I.  Leaders often put themselves in uncomfortable situations for the good of the whole. I would recommend this book just for p we perspective.  Just like my flippin channels from CNN to FOX to MSNBC to NPR to get a different take on a news item.
 If you want a great story from a credible public servant, this read is for you!
 Very well written and easy to read. I love that i am learning while reading a story.  KUDOS to Comey for doing the right thing and standing up for our RULE of LAW.
 Very well written. Clearly a man of integrity and honor
 Good read to keep up with the latest politics going on in Washington, D.C.
 After reading some of the negative reviews, it is disheartening to see that honesty and values are dismissed by a clan of sycophants and their allegiance to a narcissist who is bilking the nation.
 Director Comey delivers a lesson in civics that everyone, without regard to political affiliation, needs to read and understand. People like James Comey, are the reason that America is great. Not the cheeto  in chief.
 Great book from a great man!  It’s refreshing to hear about the truth of Trump’s antics and insecurity from the inside and a person who dealt with him personally on several occasions.
 I'm glad I spent the money and time on this book plus the Audible recording for immersion reading.  I learned a great deal about our government branches' interactions.  Caused additional research on my part.
 I couldn't put it down--James Comey is a superb writer.  Only the last thee chapters or so deal with Trump, but they are honest and direct.  Comey is a man of profound integrity.  It is a shame that those occupying the White House (with the possible exception of General Kelly) lack his depth of honor and integrity.  He understands that one's integrity and loyalty must be to the nation and the Constitution, NOT to the president or to any person.  Trump has no comprehension of this, or loyalty to this nation or the Constitution that he swore to uphold but has never read.
 Mr. Comey's discourses regarding the plots and personalities making up the 2016 presidential race are both interesting and disconcerting.  He provides insights into inner workings of political machines, as well as into his own significant impacts on the election process.
 The notion of leadership with a moral compass and integrity is a breath of life in the midst of the politics we are living with now.  Many good people in Congress have lost their way as servants of the American people as they become polarized and polarize others.
 This book offers more than a glimpse into political headlines.  There are pieces of Comey's leadership philosophy woven into the story which some might find compelling.  These gems are probably not enough to build a leadership seminar, but I think the book as a whole provides clear examples of great and poor leadership.  I recommend this if you want to know his accounting of the US's more high profile recent events.
 A great read, not only to learn about James Comey’s experiences with the current administration, but also the fascinating accounts of his work on other high-profile matters as well. Worth reading on many levels.
 This is book is common sense in an uncommon time for the United States of America. A reminder that good leadership is observable and should be copied in order to balance this uncommon time.
 Very Honest and truthful review. Well done very believable and clear to understand actions. Your explanation of events as you recall are clear indication of your honesty and truth. Thank you for your commitment to The FBI and your years of great service in government positions.
 Mr. Comey writes his experience without excuses. His rationale is sound. He reminds us of the importance of the separation of powers and of the rule of law. He reminded me that the political branch of government is often driven by the desire for power while the judicial branch carries the scales of Justice. The appropriateness of his actions will be borne out by history. This review is written by a Clinton supporter.
 James Comey is a man of great integrity, who has written with clarity about the FBI, Directing the FBI, and the many experiences that shaped his personality and values. He has also written about Donald Trump and the dark forces that led to his firing (scary indeed)! A great and important read.
 A good review of what we should know about the current administration, and an important iteration of the reason for an independent FBI and Justice department.  I was surprised by the humor, I had expected Comey to be more “buttoned up”, but he is pleasantly real.
 Well worth the read to get a realistic perspective of Comey's work with the FBI.
 This is a truly great nonfiction. Comey does not even mention Trump until the last quarter of the book. I recommend this book to anyone regardless of your political affiliation.
 This book made me laugh, cry, and ponder the nature of what great leadership looks like. I’m a year younger than Mr. Comey, and could relate to him on many levels. I too was bullied in school, yet somehow grew into a 6’ 2” 210 lb. man who is arguably now, difficult to bully. And I have great pride in my work, my integrity and my family. Hopefully, James Comey is remembered as the man who stood up to evil lying waste-of-space Americans who don’t deserve to call themselves as such.<br/>I could not be more proud of a public servant. If they were all as committed to excellence,as self effacing and broad minded, we literally wouldn’t be in the mess we find ourselves now.
 Reading Comeys story from early in his career was helpful in learning more about the man. Interesting read and Mr. Comey is an excellent writer. In this particular time in our country’s history this is a view that needs to be part of our understanding.
 Fascinating beyond just the current President and times. Useful insights tied to specific incidents but also with universal application. Excellent, even lurical, prose that carries you through to the end and makes you want to go back and read it again immediately.
 I highly recommend reading this book, surely it will be an indispensable tool for understanding these times. And one day will serve as a reminder, when time and politics change the waves of history, what a man in loved with his country is.
 Great Book........although that remains subjective.........pages were not rabbit eared, cover was not scuffed!
 I loved Comey's book for its personal insights as well as for his honesty. I still believe he was the cause for Clinton's defeat, but I also believe that he acted with integrity. He was in a very impossible situation.
 Refreshing to read about a leader with such a high moral and ethical value system. A real must read; good for the soul. I bought an extra copy for a friend with a job in high management.
 Enjoyed but sadden a book like this had to be written about the ugliness in unethical  lying dishonest government officials. I enjoyed the humble like  writing and trying to explain the truth as he saw it. Which I believe him. Hopefully people will see politics must change and honest people will run and win.
 I wanted to see if I could get a sense of the man who threw an election to, arguably, the worst US president. I'm left thinking even if Trump fired him for his unwillingness to help out with Trump's Russia problem, Comey needed to be fired for elevating himself above procedures put in place to protect our fragile democracy. His action dramatically influenced the direction of our nation, a fact he plays down in this cringe-worthy narrative of unreflexive self-promotion and oblivious white privilege. And do I detect a whiff of misogyny in his pursuit of both Martha and Hillary? He would say no, but actions Mr. Comey. Your actions speak volumes. If the Attorney  General had been a man, might you have demonstrated more respect for the office, your boss? Easy to read. Clearly this is the kind of book that will polarize readers. Perhaps the most dangerous place--to be--is between James Comey and his outsized ego.
 I read this book at about the same speed at which it was unfolding on cable news. This Presidency has certainly been like no other I’ve been involved with. Following Jim Comey’s tenure at the head of the FBI and dealing with, at best a political novice (practiced) “film flam” con, I hesitate to call him an artist, has been, according to Mr. Comey memoirs, a fascinating read. A few people have been critical of the way he spoke about President Trump’s physical features. Something Late night comics have had a field day with since he announced his candidacy. In my opinion Comey just corroborated the obvious. I didn’t read any malicious intent into it. Comey lays out a pretty good analogy as to why he was let go. Much is yet to come in this ongoing saga and this is my third book on this administration. I’ve studied it and continue to marvel at how much Congress and our representatives are not using their collective powers to strike a balance of power with the seemingly out of control reality TV show that is the Executive Branch. I really enjoyed the read.
 Having watched much of this story unfold in television segments I was glad to read this book. For me this book put together many of this story's pieces in an understandable narrative. I liked this book and found much to think about in it.<br/><br/>I think the job termination of James Comey as FBI director described in this book is a high-profile example of a problem our democracy has struggled with for many years. That problem is inappropriate political influence by some elected officials on some honest hardworking government employees. I understand many years ago my state passed civil service laws to stop many abuses of government employees by some elected officials. Included in these civil service laws is the requirement that for a civil service employee to be involuntarily terminated specific, legitimate, documented reasons must be given. Apparently, there is no such requirement for termination of an FBI director which would have applied to James Comey in this case.<br/><br/>From what this book says it appears there are some protections for the FBI director to stop inappropriate political influence. Examples of these protections include the FBI director not working directly under the President and the FBI director's appointment for a ten-year term. The FBI director appears to be in a grey area between full civil service employment and a legitimate political appointment position. To me the problems documented in this book suggest the need for a review and possibly strengthening of the methods of protecting future FBI directors from elected officials who may choose to use inappropriate influence on them.<br/><br/>In the last part of this book Comey writes that he thinks our country has a great future ahead, that it can learn for its mistakes. I am not that optimistic. Even powerful past civilizations like the Roman Empire did not survive. Because problems documented in this book represent only a portion of the current problems our government is facing, I think our government's continued existence is seriously threatened by what is currently happening.
 James Comey tells a very straight forward view of the events.
 Fascinating read. Mr Comeys credibity is complete.  Just be prepared to feel utter disgust about our current President.  If you didn’t already.
 I really enjoyed this book, whatever your politics there is denying that Comey can tell a story.<br/>I think he could have another career as an author.  Very honest and self aware.
 In today's world where lies are turning into facts and facts are turning into fake news, this book is refreshing and a wake up call to all regardless of party affiliation.
 Great read for someone still interested in truth! Mr. Comey is very articulate and relatable.  Although I have not agreed with some of his choices over the years, this certainly gives insight into his motivations.
 This book is a must read for everyone who lived through the last two years. Mr. Comey brings a lot of clarity to all that went on during this tumultuous time. He does this with a humility that is refreshing. I highly recommend this book.
 I liked learning that James Comey is a  thoughtful decent man committed to telling the truth. For those of us who look for any bits of truth<br/>in these murky times, he is a beacon of light. Well done. I hated learning how mean and vindictive Donald Trump can be, even for him.
 Comey for president 2020! !!
 I love  that he tells the truth about how the FBI is run. How the current POTUS should be impeached for all the lying he does. He is not honest with the American people
 A must-read for everyone.  Amazing guy!
 This was a great read, I could not put it down..
 Happy I bought this book. Great read!
 I am reading it and LOVE this book.
 A good book but, spends too much time on extraneous and or otherwise non-relavent information.<br/><br/>Otherwise provides interesting insight of the justice system.
 Details the life of a career prosecutor, and head of the FBI until he was fired by Trump. Autobiography.
 Meaningful book<br/>I’m half way through this book and I love. I’m not in any side Democratic nor Republicans and this book is simply talks about leadership and other true aspects of being loyal.
 Wonderful read and sounds truthful.
 Gave it to someone to read, he loved it.
 I was skeptical and came at this book with "a grain of salt" theory in mind. Its, really freaking good. Not a lot of opinion, it's a lot of due process and pre 2016 election prosecutions and experience. I loved it!
 Should be required reading for voters.
 He’s not perfect. But he tells his side of the story in a way that highlights and puts into context the principles and integrity held by those who choose to serve their country. Well worth the time to read, as an antidote to the knee jerk reactions that characterize too much of today’s news and reporting.
 Political books are normal boring and long winded, but this book surprised me. I was very impressed and I learned a lot from the book.<br/>I would highly advise reading this books. Its hard to read the book and not agree with Mr. Comey about a lot of things.
 Well written. Insightful. Self deprecating. A good, albeit slim, read.
 Ok, the first half of the book was interesting and gives some insights into what went into the making of Mr. Comey, but the second half gets into the thought processes of what he had to deal with. I am amazed that he handled it as well as he did. If you don’t read anything else, you must read the epilogue....truly hopeful and inspiring.
 Hands down the best nonfiction book I’ve ever read. It is written passionately and with a tone that demonstrates an honesty that can only be seen in personal journals or diary’s. It’s not Trump bashing or Clinton promoting. I voted for Trump and I still can say this is a MUST READ NOW!
 Thoroughly engaging book. Well-written and thoughtful. Mr. Comey is a talented writer with a gift for keeping the reader wanting more. It is not a gossipy tell-all, buy rather a great study of leadership and all it entails and requires. Very enjoyable.
 Enjoyed reading about Comey's personal and professional development, candid accounts and analyses of recent events, behind-the-scenes views of the intelligence and justice communities, and interactions with Presidents Obama and Trump.
 A highly inspiring perspective of a true values-driven leader. A must read in an era of deteriorating morality.
 A very personal and emotional account. A look at how principled leadership, combined with empathy for others, and humility, is so important in the maintenance of a stable democracy.
 This was a fascinating and insightful read.  Regardless of your political standing, it is well written and gives you an intimate glimpse of one man's journey to navigate his surroundings.
 Great read so far. His writing is clear with no hyperbole. Good insight into his early influences on leadership. I'm only halfway through.
 Good detailed information and good reading.<br/><br/>Easily to understand the in between línea existing in the Trump administration and circle.
 Best name for this book.<br/><br/>I gave this book the highest rating because it is one of the best reads.  James Comey took me on a trip through his life, from beginning to present day.  I couldn't stop just wanted to keep reading..Mr. Comey is a good writer.  When I read I usually skip the small words, but with this book I read all the words.. Congrats on a lifetime of public service, good luck on whatever you do next.
 The best book I’ve read in a long time! Comey shows how honesty and integrity are the most important traits in the leaders of our intelligence agencies and should be in the leaders of our country. An important read no matter what political party you are part of.
 Honestly, with all the lead up to this book, you've pretty much heard everything in the book already.<br/>Quick read. Finished it in an evening.
 wow was not expecting such a compelling read. james comey is surely one of the good guys, and a readable author. book shipped as expected
 A true epilogue on how far does true loyalty go. Egocentriism  vs absolute transparency. Troublesome, full of high anxiety! Apprenticeship at its BEST!
 This is a book I will never forget.  Love it
 Loved this book. So much insight into what the FBI does on a 24/7 basis. Comey needs to be paid his back pay and pension for sure. He did nothing wrong.
 It was very refreshing to read the story told from a different perspective. Comey is very knowledgeable and his sincerity comes through loud and clear. I highly recomment this read.
 Amazon is telling me that this was “sent” to my Kindle. I have obviously paid for it but it has NEVER been sent to my Kndle even thou I continue to try and send it. I would love to read it...but someone please help. I can’t get it to send to my Kindle. HELP
 I was concerned that this  book  might be in an intellectual  voice that might make it boring to read.  I was happy to find that it was very readable and very interesting.
 It's hard to compete with a narsasistic liar, but James Comey did a great job telling it like it was and helped me sort out the fake news lies from the truth of an honorable and professional man!!
 Dear Mr Comey, thank you for writing this. Thank you for being a decent and courageous human being. As a child a saying came to my mind that "If you keep to the path of truth and light you will shine long after darkness comes."  Darkness is the absence of truth and we again find ourselves in an age of media complicity... It's like the 1930s all over again.  This book made me happy, sad, concerned and hopeful. Happy : to find someone who still thinks about values and action in a non partisan way. Sad : at all that happened and how it happened. Concerned : about our shared future but ... Hopeful : in that those it was written most for will be inspired and reminded to be strong and stay on track.... and that those that can't get past their partisanship and who therefore can't receive the much deeper message of this piece will be soon moved aside by a more activated people who finally realise that it is not evil people doing evil things that is most dangerous, it is when good people do nothing.  Democracy requires active and aware participation of its population to stay healthy, this book would inspire those aware enough to take all that is possible from its pages.... and not just the pages containing and orange man whose brash and harsh appearanceand actions are the very opposite to the book's cover both in color on front and back, and within the heart of the content in every page in between.
 Comey is the real deal. He is human. He is accurate to the letter, he admits bad judgement which didn’t happen often but he is a true American who loves country and family. You want believe what a heart and soul this man has inside. And yes he is very Tall!
 While most of what is in James Comey's book is already public knowledge, the details are fascinating and the story is very well told.  I was especially inspired by the epilogue and have new hope that our Phoenix will rise from these ashes.  Thank you Director Comey, for your service and your honesty.
 Fairer and not as biased as one might suspect.
 James Comey shines out as man of honesty and integrity. His insights into leadership in general and difficult job of the FBI have increased my respect for that man and the agency he served. The contrast between effective leaders and Trump's machinations is sobering but the FBI and the American people have weathered storms before and I left the book feeling reassured that with today's activism we will survive the Trump presidency.
 I want to thank James Comey for having the courage, integrity, intelligence and consideration for the American people, our Constitution, and our laws to write this book. Comey provides a personal account of his life and the role of the FBI, its function in American life, and its necessary arms-length working relationship to the WH.  He walks us through the stressful and challenging emotional roller coaster of FBI work, the unforgiving and relentless political pressures placed on the department by administrations, and the painstaking deliberation in choosing the right course of action, all swirling within the framework of standard government operating procedures.  Then comes Trump....
 I thought it came across as very believeable and interesting to our current situation.
 Comey's book is about much more than his dealings with Donald Trump, though he does have quite a bit to say on that subject. He has spent time in public service during the administrations of both Republican and Democratic presidents, and is able to present a valuable perspective on the mess in which we find ourselves.
 Very honest memoir.  The author is very candid about his life in politics.  Gives a first hand account of things everyone should be aware of.
 Good book.
 Good read.
 Really enjoyed this book, however it frightened me to hear how out of control the Trump administration is.
 It was refreshing to read about the experiences of this honest and ethical man. I learned a lot about the FBI and DOJ. Once again I'm distressed to see how sick, unethical and ignorant (about democracy, government and the role of various agencies) Donald Trump is.
 It’sbeen A hit in our small library
 Very insightful and informative.  I was very angry at Mr. Comey for what he did in 2016.  But I honestly wanted to understand so I bought this book.  Thank you, Mr. Comey!  This should be required reading for all high school students.
 James Comey provides an account of his relationship with Donald Trump that is believable, honest, and horrifying. Well done Citizen Comey.
 Good book to read.
 If you watch the news at all, you already have most of the high points of James Comey's new book. It's not until the final 25 or 30 pages of the book that he gets to his interaction with Trump. But his background information that fills the majority of the book is very helpful in understanding the workings of the FBI and somewhat of a foreshadowing of what is to come.<br/><br/>Comey makes it clear what is involved in lying to the FBI.  She gives several example, case in point that of the case against Martha Stewart.<br/><br/>Frankly, I went into this book not really liking Comey for the release of the information on the Clinton email.  But after reading his explanation, I'm satisfied that he is an honest man who was trying to do it job and got shafted by the ego maniac that sits in the White House.<br/><br/>A HIGHER LOYALTY will serve as foundational reading for future works on the Trump Administration.
 Reaffirms my belief in Americans. As a certain American fictional character once said “I don’t like bullies. I don’t care where they’re from.”
 I bought it as a gift and read part of it m self
 I am immensely grateful Mr. Comey chose to write this book. I was desperate to hear a voice of reason and hope, sharing truth in these difficult times. His explanations made clear to me some elements that were missing through media reporting, though they, too, have only pieces of this very ugly puzzle. Mr. Comey is a credit to this democracy we all call home and I'm proud of his contributions to our way of living...a way that is indeed, currently on blazing fire.
 This is a review of the hardcover version of James Comey's "A Higher Loyalty".<br/><br/>First and foremost, the book itself is wonderful. The cover is a soft-touch cover that is super grippy (great to read while commuting). It doesn't get covered in fingerprints and just feels nice. The paper quality is also fantastic.<br/><br/>Moving onto the substance, I first want to say that I consider Comey a hero. I was a reluctant Clinton supporter, but I've always had a high opinion of Comey. Comey's protection of the law when serving under Bush (going against Alberto Gonzalez and Dick Cheney) was one of the most heroic things I have ever seen someone do. I've long considered Comey to be a true American hero and patriot due to his actions. "A Higher Loyalty" discusses many aspects of Comey's life. From his youth (surprisingly close to where I currently reside) to his rise through the FBI. His detail is impeccable and he leaves no aspect unturned.<br/><br/>However, I have to admit that he left me wanting more at times. And perhaps that was his goal (to hopefully write more about his experience). For instance, I've long known that he worked on numerous mafia cases. The book provided a great overview of his work (I also recommend reading Jesse Eisinger's "The Chickenshit Club" as something to accompany this), but I feel like there is just so much more for him to tell. I was left wanting so much more from his description of his work on the various mafia cases and I have to think he can write an entire book on that.<br/><br/>Moving on to some of the politics, those that say this is some "witch hunt" of a book haven't read it. They are parroting administration lines. This book is around 280 pages or so and Comey doesn't even begin to address the election until about page 180. He doesn't even address Trump until about page 200 or so. So this weird idea that this is some anti-Trump book must solely come from folks that have just willfully chosen not to read this. It's an outright lie and you should ignore anyone that says that.<br/><br/>The discussion on the election is what many came for and I do hope that those of you that think he spent too little time on it at least enjoyed the other aspects of the book. I do admit that I was surprised at the relative brevity of his discussion of those aspects. But pleasantly surprised. I admire the fact that he went out of his way to try and be diplomatic about the entire process (and it's sort of comical to me that some Trump supporters still think that Comey was trying to help Clinton win . . . or something).<br/><br/>I also get the complaints from folks like the Pod Save America guys (I listen to every episode, along with Friends Like These and Lovett or Leave It  and their other podcasts]). But come on, guys. Comey thought he was doing the right thing and still feels that way. While we ended up stuck with a mad man, lunatic, moron, or however else you want to describe Trump, I still feel that Comey acted admirably. I guess part of the reason that so many on the left end up disagreeing with his actions is due to how dirty those in the GOP have fought and acted recently. So it's a bit of a catch-22. I'd still rather go the honorable route, though.<br/><br/>At the end of the day, you come down with a book that shows a flawed character all throughout who, at every juncture, tried to do the right thing. It's the boy scout that we always knew Comey was. Boy scouts can still screw up. And I do believe that Comey screwed up. But, to me, his screw up was at least forgivable since it was done with actual honor behind it. Do I wish that Comey admitted more to screwing up? Maybe. But I think that would take away from this book a bit, since I don't think he actually feels he truly screwed up.
 Honest and real as we need to hear it.  Well written by an expert observer , real truth on fake Trump
 The book was an interesting read as the Director describes in detail his experience(s) with the current Potus. I believe  Director Comey to be a man of great integrity.
 Just read the whole book, every word. James Comey is a good writer, providing a needed detailed context for the last 30 years. He helped me to see the functions of our our government in balancing each other, the need for Justice to remain non-political to balance the executive and law making branches. His perspective is needed today, and I am grateful for his book. He is a real person, balanced, and shares enough of his personal self to make the reading a joy.
 James Comey brings hope to American democracy and the world with his frank and open revelations about a government gone awry.
 Well written and very clear.  Easy to read in one day, if you have the time.  Whether you agree or not, this is a great read.
 Excellent. I really have nothing new to add to what has already been posted. I'd just hope that people will read it and learn.
 Great read!!
 Provided me a picture of how American politics works and also that humanity is susceptible to frailty that can jeopardize many
 Great book if you are interested in how the government and laws work. Well written and never boring. I think that Jim was a gentleman when it came to wrong doers!
 This book is more about the importance of integrity and ethics to leadership than about politics or Trump. Narrated by the author himself, the audio version of the book is quite engaging. Comey paints a clear and compelling picture of own ethical and philosophical disposition mainly in the context of his professional life. This life story offers a practical compass for people in leadership positions. The book is an excellent resource for students of all disciplines.
 The book seemed redundant because I had seen so many tv interviews with Director Comey. While I believe that the email issue did cause Hillary's defeat, I understand why he made the choice to be transparent about the issue. That said, he got a raw deal and nobody deserves to be fired via national tv. To use one of the president 's favorite words, it was disgraceful. Someone is indeed a liar and a malevolent force here, but it isn't James Comey.
 This book resonates on so many levels. Contrary to most media depictions of the book, the vast majority of it is not about the president. It is about leadership, the strengths and shortcomings of our government, its institutions, and core values, the maintenance of which should be cherished and valued by every American, regardless of party affiliation. And offered by an intelligent, decent, thoughtful and dedicated public servant who has served under both Republican and Democratic presidents with no known history of, or reputation for, partisan politics. No objective, rational and honest person, if asked whether he or she believed Mr. Comey or our President Trump’s account of things (whether it be the Russian investigation, or simply what was said in conversations between the two) could ever say they believed President Trump. God bless us.
 Really enjoyed this book and look into the inner workings of the FBI, a true thankless job, and how he strived to be a true leader
 TBH I already lost it. But nice to throw some money behind Comey I guess? Anything that makes the president mad lol
 While it is obviously the view from one person's perspective, and self exculpatory, I found it highly credible and insightful. Perhaps this is so because I found most of his views on leadership to be coincident with mine.
 I was pleasantly surprised to find that James Comey is a great storyteller. He makes a complicated subject easy to understand.
 Thoughtfully written by an individual of great integrity and honor as well as being apolitical.  Doesn't fit the stereotypical view we all too often have of those in govt service.  Let us hope that the experience of this election cycle has provided a much needed wakeup call to all of us.  I was also impressed by exceptional advice related by Mr. Comedy that he received from his wife
 I encourage everyone to read this book, especially if you are fed up of all the carnival style smoke and mirrors.
 This book has thrilling moments akin to Clancy novels and life lessons from the best self help books. James Comey is a hero or at least my hero now. This is a great book and a great story from a misunderstood man
 For someone outside America it is a great insight into workings of Washington and FBI and the higher loyalty required to keep America great
 The book was an eye opening account of all that happened in the first half of the first year of the Trump presidency.
 I thoroughly enjoyed Comey's book, especially read by Comey himself.  It felt very self-revelatory that way.
 Good read,  Lots of insight.  Author feels good about himself so needs a grain of salt.<br/>Enjoyed the book.
 The book allowed this reader to go from just being an uninformed spectator to having an in depth accounting of history. The author appears to have much courage, discipline and open to discussion. Some are just appointed others, as in the case of James Comey, appear to be highly qualified.<br/>I never sensed anything but positive intent. He is not trying to justify, hurt or praise himself. One of the most important sections was his explaining the need to disclose the reopening of the Clinton Emails. It took tremendous courage as well as wisdom to go where he had to know what would follow. It signify a patriot willing to take the bullet.
 Great book!
 Good Read
 Very interesting.  Loved the format of the book...very conversational.  Easy read.  Insightful.  Would recommend.
 Great book. Interesting and well written. He talks about his career as a whole and not just about current scandal and gives you a good background. I really enjoyed it and have a better understanding of why he did some of the things that he did.
 Agree or disagree with the author, this is a well written book that keeps you reading until you are done.
 This book i enjoyed to read &lt;3
 A very interesting record; one for the history and two for all of the ethical questions it raises. These are interesting times.
 Loved his stories that led to justify his decision making. What a career. Dedicated to justice and civil service. I do not agree with Comey’s decision on the last minute Hilary emails during the election, but I deeply respect him anyway. Thank you for your honesty. You’re right. We all need a higher loyalty right now. More than ever.
 This is the story of a man who was raised with a strong conviction to do what is right. He starts this autobiography in his childhood and included  his many positions as an attorney leading up to bring selected to be director of the FBI.  He had served George W. Bush and Barack Obama, and  was appointed to his last job by Obama.  When Trump won the election, he tried to explain to Trump why the justice department was independent from the White House. Trump insisted on loyalty to him. Hence the title of this book. It is a good read featuring a man of integrity dealing with a president who did not share the author:s values
 Well written explanation of the reality of the intelligence community and how the FBI, for example, actually does its job.  The real news is much more interesting than comments made up by the person currently in the White House.
 This was a terrific read and insight on what takes place with law enforcement and those chosen to do the job.
 Comey is very self-aware, thoroughly examing his own motives every step of the way.  He comes across as being extremely honest, even when that honesty is painful for him.
 For all those reviews saying not enough about Trump, too much about Comey, you didn't get it. It's all about Trump. All Comey's discussions about leadership are also about Trump's failures as a leader. Trump fails against every example that Comey uses of good leadership, good decision making and ethics. Make no mistake, Comey skewers Trump as a leader, decider and a man and he does it as fairly and honorably as possible for someone treated so unfairly and dishonorably.
 Good read.
 Comey wrote the book explaining how things were for him from the beginning. He didn't sugar coat anything.
 I read mostly fiction, so I was a little hesitant to begin this book. I was afraid I would find it boring. To my surprise, I love it!  Mr Comey was able to catch my attention and keep it throughout the entire book. Few people in government could impress me more. I found the book insightful, well-written, and reflective. As Americans we should all try to live our lives with the upmost integrity and dedication to the laws and history of our great country. Hopefully, the search for truth will remind us all what true American heroes, dedicated civil servants who work for us and not for the president, do to uphold our deepest values and rules of law. Mr. Comey has earned my trust through a lifetime of service to his country and with his ability to illuminate his view of the man in the White House through his life lessons.
 Not a page turner but I now have a greater respect for James Comey and much less respect for Donald Trump.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book, and I have a much greater understanding of the way the FBI and the DOJ works. I also understand now why he had to disclose the reopening of the Clinton email investigation. I do think it cost her the election but he did what he had to do even though he knew How much criticism he would get for it.  We need a lot more people like him in government.  Thank you for your service James Comey.
 Great book very well written. Better understanding as to why he felt he had to make a statement before 2016 election. I am sure this will be debated forever. I highly recommend this read.
 Wonderfully written and hard to put down. Great insight into the difficulties of striving to maintain a non political FBI in the heart of Washington government. Comey paints a sad but true picture of Trump as our ominous “Godfather” while making the case for why he would not bow and kiss the ring.
 A Higher Loyalty is a flatly written autobiographical sketch. Comey begins with a brief review of his growing up, college, law school, his first jobs, and how these shaped what he takes to be good leadership, integrity, and just plain niceness. He moves on from there to his service in government, first the Justice department where he moves up through the ranks to Deputy Attorney General, and then to the FBI. Throughout he emphasizes what he takes to be his own leadership style acquired from his early mentors both before and during his professional career. He emphasizes humility, a willingness to listen to others, the ability to change course when one recognizes a mistake, crediting those who work for you, and so on. He hammers this this theme so much one might accuse him of self-righteousness on grounds that he insists he is not. But nobody is perfect and this is, after all, a book and a relatively short one. His point in all of this is to emphasize that in doing his job (all his various jobs) he made every effort to be apolitical. His life's mission (apart from his family) was to serve justice and the law, never taking political sides. The quality of Comey's leadership is well established by the testimony of people who worked with and for him over the years.<br/><br/>In the telling of this story he relates many headline cases in which he was involved, but he doesn't get to the meat of the matter until about 2/3 through the book when he relates the Hillary Clinton email case, especially the part where he announced a reopening of the case only a few weeks prior to the 2016 election thanks to an accidental discovery of Clinton emails on a laptop belonging to Anthony Weiner whose wife happened to be one of Clinton's chief aids. He goes to some length here explaining why he did what he did. But by this time in his career he had learned that though you may not take political sides, political sides are going to take you!<br/><br/>Following the Clinton debacle comes the election of Donald Trump. The last quarter of the book deals with Comey's interaction with the Trump administration and of course the man himself. Comey worked for both the younger Bush and Obama. He understands the historical relation between the FBI, Justice department, and the president. Trump, to put it mildly, broke every rule, every convention, and potentially compromised everything that  separation between these entities, established for good reasons, was supposed to achieve. Because these actions were so unconventional, and in Comey's opinion potentially damaging to the integrity of the U.S. Justice system, he paid attention to every word of every meeting and wrote memos about the conversations shortly after having them. These memos contain no classified information and a few of them are reproduced here. He was so concerned about the potential for his own compromise that he sent some of these to the entire staff of the FBI so they would know exactly what was going on. I think in the end his firing was a relief. He missed his work and he missed the people he worked with, but on some level I'm sure he was glad to be out of the line of fire.<br/><br/>The book closes with Comey's testimony to congress following the firing and an epilogue where he levels his most personal criticism of the Trump administration in general and the man in particular. A fitting close to the story and one that is far from over though I have to believe that personally, Comey is doing fine.
 Those who know me understand that I am more than a little biased towards James Comey. I find him credible and honorable. I will do my best to write this review in the spirit of fairness and openness and—<br/><br/>OMG I LOVED THIS BOOK SO MUCH!<br/><br/>Okay, okay, I'll admit that there is a fair amount of confirmation bias in my love for this book. I despise the "president" and I like Comey very much. Nothing in this book changed my feelings or thoughts about either.<br/><br/>What struck me is that Comey seems very genuine. Whether he writes about his experiences with bullies when he was a kid, or about when he behaved in a bullying manner when he got to college because of 'groupthink' (something he says he remains ashamed of even all these years later), you can tell that it was part of what shaped his worldview. I have said all along that Trump is a schoolyard bully and Comey seems to have had that feeling, too. "All bullies are largely the same. They threaten the weak to feed some insecurity that rages inside them." Very true.<br/><br/>Comey admits to struggling as an adult with ego and over-confidence. It seems obvious that he also has enough self-awareness to realize that about himself and does his best to counteract that by encouraging others to confront him and push back against his preconceived notions, whether it is his wife or President Obama.<br/><br/>I found him quite funny and enjoyed the stories about the "presidential apple" for his youngest daughter, learning tips for cooking turkeys from Martha Stewart's shows, and especially his recounting of the infamous curtain incident when he tried to blend into the curtains in the Blue Room. His abiding love for the FBI is also apparent (he even dedicated the book to all the men and women of the Bureau). As someone on Twitter said, "Get yourself a man who loves you the way Comey loves the FBI."<br/><br/>I also found him deeply philosophical as he recounted his reasoning behind the decisions he made during the 2016 election. I've felt all along that he made the choices he did in order to protect the nonpartisanship and integrity of both the FBI and the DOJ, and he talks about that at length. I think he really was faced with a Scylla and Charybdis moment, not once, but a few times, and he made the only decision he could.<br/><br/>I get frustrated at hearing the pundits on both sides say that "he should have done this" or "he shouldn't have said that." Or he shouldn't have said it when he did. He has explained over and over how he came to the decisions he did (although there is still some classified stuff out there that he can't disclose). I find his thought processes credible and well-reasoned in the context of doing what was best for the FBI/DOJ and their nonpartisanship. It is easy to second guess someone when you've never been in such a position. There is also a ridiculous amount of semantics involved, especially among those illiterate in legalese. I am certainly not literate in that language but when he explained the subtle difference in legal terms and why they matter, I understood.<br/><br/>I also enjoyed his thoughts on intelligence vs judgment. It's one thing to have the intelligence to understand facts and figures, to understand something intellectually, but it has to be tempered with good judgment and the ability to look at a problem from other perspectives. He recounts a great conversation with President Obama in which they discussed the Black Lives Matter/Blue Lives Matter movements and the conflicts between young black men and law enforcement. They each got each other to see certain views from other vantage points. That is the mark of true thinkers, the ability for self-reflection, self-awareness, and the ability to approach things with a sense of humility and accept that there are other ways of looking at things that wouldn't occur to you because of your own life experience.<br/><br/>Oh, how I love to have those types of discussions myself! Going deeper than the easy, superficial talking points and bouncing ideas off of each other. Getting someone to understand your viewpoint and getting them to understand yours, and finding points of consensus when you realize that you both hold many of the same thoughts. We seem to have lost that recently. I miss it.<br/><br/>I admire and respect some of the same people that he does, including President Obama and James Clapper. I also despise some of the same people that he seems to, including Dick Cheney (who comes across every bit as evil and humorless as I've always thought) and the current "president." Comey doesn't use the word 'despise,' but his disdain and visceral dislike for both comes across loud and clear.<br/><br/>I think Comey is right when he says that while Trump might not be medically unfit to serve, he is morally unfit. He is devoid of ethics and does not possess the ability to provide ethical leadership. Comey was reminded over and over of his dealings with Mafia bosses earlier in his career and I think the comparison is a suitable one. Trump cares not one whit about societal and political norms, nor about defending the Constitution. He cares only about how things will affect him and about uncompromising loyalty to HIM. People like Comey and professionals in the FBI and DOJ are utterly foreign and incomprehensible to him: people who took an oath to the country and the Constitution, not to any particular person.<br/><br/>In interviews, Comey has said that he sees this as a situation where we need to put our moral and ethical values—who we are as Americans and human beings—above partisan politics and issues, whether it's gun control or tax cuts. I couldn't agree more. I disagree with the right on so many things but can we get back to the place where we all agree that we value the basic premises of free speech and other Constitutional rights above partisanship? I believe we must if we are to move forward and be our best selves.<br/><br/>I think that a leader who expects fealty to himself rather than respect for the rule of law cannot be part of that equation.
 a very good book detailing the Comey / trump relationship. You can tell what party I'm a member of.
 Like his honesty but the state of politics is sad and alarming. Please, read and research for yourself. Then vote accordingly.
 This is a very good read.
 An inspiring book with some remarkably lucid discussions of important ethical issues. James Comet should never have been fired. Let's hope that Trump will ultimately pay the price for the damage he has down to our country.
 Great story and great insight into what was going on during the 2016 election and afterwards.
 The book was well written and I enjoyed the leadership advice. He actually made me feel how he was feeling. A lot of good pointers on being an ethical leader and an inside look in his life. A very good book.
 Good reading, and I believe this man!!  It was hard to put down once you started reading....
 I found this very interesting and well written.  A very important book in these times.
 I am reading it now.  I really like James Comey and I feel he got a rotten deal with the President.
 Well written. A must have if you are an intellectual. A good book on leadership and the rule of law.
 I just finished this book and am I am glad that I read it. Many people felt that his decisions regarding Hillary's emails cost her the election, but he explains the reasons that led him to make those decisions and I think this book shows that he only had the best intentions for this country.  Although I was most interested in the last couple of years of his career,  the book is so much more.  He describes events  during the Bush and Obama administrations and also touches on his years as a child including some of the mentors in his life that helped make him the man he is today.  I was not one of those people that blamed him for the election results and this book bolsters my feelings that he truly is a man of integrity.  He certainly exhibits love of country.  So much has happened since trump won the electoral college that I think we sometimes forget all of the things that occurred during this time period.  It certainly shows that trump was ill-equipped for the position he now holds and is morally bankrupt. I also enjoyed Comey's writing style.  It certainly was an enjoyable and important book to read.
 James Comey gives a  look at how things are done and happen in the agency.  Very informative book
 Well written. Comey writes from the heart.
 I bought this book because I wanted the inside story on Comey's brief association with Trump, but it contains so much more. His writing is clear, concise, sometimes poignant, and brutally honest. Like many people, I was angry when the FBI re-opened the email case days before the 2016 election, but all I knew about it was what I heard/read in the media. Comey explains the legalities of the investigation and makes clear he was in a no-win situation. His book also clarified for me a lot of what the FBI and Dept. of Justice are supposed to do. The book is enlightening on many levels, and I highly recommend it.
 Surprisingly bipartisan great read!
 I finished the book today during my lunch break as a 5th grade substitute school teacher.<br/>I retired about 12 years ago from my full time “day” job to start doing what I really had wanted to do for some time, i.e., teach school.<br/>The hardest part of this book for me was reading about FBI Director Comey’s firing from his job. I had had a similar experience, which led me to do what I do  now.<br/>My firing was in no wise as significant an act as was Mr. Comey’s, but the “gut punch” I got from  reading his story brought back a memory that was as hurtful.<br/>So, as I say in the Header panel, the book ends, but the story doesn’t.<br/>I don’t retell story lines in my reviews, mainly because I believe the author can tell his story eminently better than I can summarize it. I also don’t read other reviewer’s reviews because their’s likely read better than I can write.<br/>I firmly believe that Jim Comey’s telling of his story is better than anyone elses.<br/>This book is a critical analysis like no other I have read, fiction or non fiction. It had plot, character development, rising action, falling action, but no resolution as yet for me, because as I say above, the story has not ended.<br/>I have been following the several appearances by the author from ABC to CNN to the scheduled town hall meeting on CNN. In each, Mr. Comey bares his soul to convey his message.<br/>He is eloquent without being effusive in his telling of his history both outside as well as inside his life in government.<br/>I don’t think he could have said it better, and I believe his words will have resounding impact for some time to come.<br/>Hopefully I can add a part of his philosophy to my teaching skills in my class room work.
 This is an outstanding read. Provides a true depiction of the events leading up to Comey’s firing by Trump.
 Received this book quickly (the day it went public).  In great condition.  Wonderful book.
 It seems to show that Coomey is an honest man that is bothered by things that are unjust.
 Excellent book by an American hero. He gives our law enforcement people a good example with his integrity.
 Fun read. If you have asked yourself " what was he thinking?" Then this is for you.
 I worked for James Comey the whole time he was FBI Director and have the utmost respect for him. Reading this book was like sitting down and talking to him face to face. He is honest in his views and commitments and isn't afraid to show his faults. When he says he cares about the integrity of the FBI, it is true. This book sets right a lot of the misconceptions about Mr. Cormey's handling of the Clinton email investigation. Whether you agree with his decisions or not, this book provides a clear explanation of why he made those decisions. There is no place for politics in the FBI.
 A must read for everyone, regardless of political affiliation.
 I found this a good read that flows smoothly. I like James Comey, so I've enjoyed reading his book.
 A must read for every American.  It doesn’t matter if you are a Republican or a Democrat.
 Excellent book! I like it so much that I bought more books and gave them as gifts!
 Best read of courage with facts from a unethical lying president.Come is a man to be very admired<br/>Written like you are there having a conversation
 I am convinced of both Mr. Comey's recollections and his writing skills. I'm a believer.
 Well written.  James Comey seems very gentlemanly and believable.  Good reading.
 A very enjoyable read from start to finish.  He set the tone about his integrity &amp; honesty from childhood.  His leadership qualities are impeccable &amp; remain a constant throughout the book.
 Great read !
 I found this far more engaging and enjoyable than I’d expected. Comey writes an interesting memoir that explains who he is, how his moral compass guides him and how he approaches the toughest decisions. I learned a lot and feel this is a book I’ll think about for a long while.
 Excellent book, well written.  Much to consider about loyalty with some good humorous antidotes!
 Very interesting book which contains enchanting stories and reflections. James Comey is a great story teller.<br/>This is a page turner and I really enjoyed reading it. Highly recommended
 So cool to get out on release date none of my friends had their copy yet and for the price I got.  a++
 I found this book a fascinating read. I learned a great deal about Comey and his beliefs as they applied to leadership and his work for the FBI. I liked the flowing writing style with few wasted words, the organization, and the chapter heading quotes.<br/><br/>I found his explanation of “confirmation bias” (p.104) fascinating. “Our brains evolved to crave information consistent with what we already believe.” Confirmation bias means that we keep ourselves from considering information which might be opposite of what we accept. The downside is we stop growing by not considering other viewpoints and simply keep recycling what we already confirmed.<br/><br/>I consider this book required reading because it broadens our thinking about leadership, what it is, how it looks. It also shows the heavy impact of lies, and how lies continually need refining to keep them going and the time they waste. The book also gives us insight into the inner workings of government and the FBI.
 I loved the book!<br/><br/>I’m a bit of a political junkie and I have to say right off that I looked forward to reading Comey’s book and perhaps hearing him blast off and condemn Trump for who Trump is and the harm he’s done to the country. Yes, I was looking for all the “dirt” and gossip that Comey knew and perhaps even some confirmation on the “dossier”. Tell me about the dirt about the Russian hotel, tell me about the pay offs to keep stories out of the news, tell me about his failed business and bankruptcies  – I expected a lot of that..<br/><br/>But I got little of that and much, much more of what is far more valuable. I found out what kind of person Comey is, what his values are, what guides his life choices, what are his core values and what is the over arching lode stone that keeps him grounded.<br/><br/>My sense is that Comey, first of all, is an extremely honest and an honorable man. Time and time again that fact is validated to me by how he’s led his life, the moral choices he has made, his dedication to family and country, and a lifestyle not sullied by scandal or morally unacceptable behavior.<br/><br/>In the press there has been a lot said about Comey being overly self-righteous. And, yes, I can understand that being said. We, all of us, have a moral compass. Some swing to the right, some to the left, and some swing aimlessly in circles providing no guidance or direction. I vote for the one Comey seems to follow – a rock solid pointer always directed toward high moral values and a guide for him to stay his course on.<br/><br/>I’m a very old person. The values that in my early life I thought were eternal and everlasting have turned out to be fragile, mutable, and like old clothing, disposable on a whim. Comey stands for something more, something that I think we are losing. I admire him for his beliefs and values<br/><br/>Is he a bit self-righteous? Sure, but I’ll take that any day but especially now living in Trump’s clueless morass.<br/><br/>I loved the book. I admire and respect Comey and wish there were more like him in government.
 I like Comey’s style of writing; factual and detailed with a bit of irony.
 This was an interesting book.  I think Comey's observations are spot on.
 I enjoyed Comey's journey from a youth to the top of the FBI. What a trip and the challenges he faced!
 Mr. Comey is, among many things, a good writer. The book is enjoyable as a book. But more importantly, I'm glad he took this opportunity to express himself and let us see rational-emotional balance. He comes across as very human, willing to be introspective, and practicing the balance that he preaches. I would also want him to know that I found this book somewhat comforting.
 The book brings to life Comey's life and career. He is thoughtful in his writing and careful to remain neutral, at least until Trump.
 He writes in a clear, organized way. Comey has a way of turning a phrase; enjoyable read and I highly recommend the book.
 great, well written book
 This book was magnificent. I waited to read it til a bit of the hype had died down, and bluster from talking heads blew over. Being a keen observer of history a current events, I remember well a number of events discussed in this book as they happened, and Mr. Comey replays them faithfully.<br/>I do believe the author has a keen sense of personal honor, a rare thing these days, and I believe that sense has been outraged. I further believe that those without a sense of personal honor cannot conceive of how a person of honor will act, and I think that is where a lot of shallow criticism of Mr. Comey derives.<br/>An excellent book, thought-provoking and chilling, very necessary.
 A clearly written and persuasive book with some honest soul searching perspectives.
 If you care about truth, ethical leaderdhip, and what it means, I highly recommend James Comey's book. I find it very believable in every respect.
 Very informative. Paints a good picture as to the kind of man he is, how he thinks, what he believes.
 This book should be required reading in every school of business and public administration curriculum. Far from simply being a “tell-all” or an elaborate self-defense, James Comey has written a wonderful primer on moral and ethical leadership, using actual leaders for whom he has worked to exemplify why such leadership is critical to the success of any entity and how the lack thereof can be catastrophic.<br/><br/>A lifelong Democrat, I was naturally highly critical of Mr. Comey’s actions Immediately before the 2016 election — and still disagree with his decision. That being said, I now understand and believe that those actions were taken wholly to protect and preserve the FBI’s “reservoir of trust” and not to intentionally impact the election.<br/><br/>This book is beautifully written and authentically in his voice, based on the many, many television interviews with Mr. Comey to which I’ve listened. I especially enjoyed the well-chosen quotations at the beginning of each chapter.  (Fox News viewers should pay particular attention to the quote from Mark Twain at the beginning of Chapter 7.)<br/><br/>I concur with readers who now lament the loss of James Comey from public service and hope that his absence will be temporary, not permanent.
 A brilliant, and chilling, insight into how Donald Trump functions.
 I enjoyed the perspective that Mr. Comey provides throughout this book. Given the explosive and combative political climate, especially the degradation of truth, the backlash from both parties is likely a testament to the objectivity and integrity that Mr. Comey possesses. I have respect for the truth and appreciate that there are people, albeit few and far between, who share that sentiment.
 James Comey has drawn the ire of both the left and the right, which is, I think, a testimony to his non-partisanship. The independence and reputation of the FBI are very important to him, and he writes to vindicate both. Most of the book is about his journey in life to the FBI; there is actually very little (about one fifth of the book) about his tenure under Trump. He is interested in good leadership; and he compares and contrasts the presidents he worked under: Bush, Obama, and Trump, as well as bringing in examples of good leaders he knew as a youth--a grocery store owner, a woman mentor, his parents . . .<br/><br/>The book is well-written and a smooth and sometimes amusing read. I found it fascinating.<br/><br/>That Comey was the victim of an unfair firing is blatantly obvious to anyone who follows these things. Yet this is not the screed of an aggrieved employee. It's an attempt to assert the simple thesis that truth matters, facts matter, and that there is something higher to be loyal to than one's party affiliation. In our hyper-partisan age, this seems to be a message that draws fire.<br/><br/>Comey reminds me of James Stewart or Gary Cooper as the classic American good guy who goes to Washington, and, by his sincerity and straight-arrow character, shakes things up for the better. We used to admire men like that; now, it seems, we vilify them.<br/><br/>Comey is perhaps over-scrupulous--he guesses and second-guesses his controversial decisions, as he should. Yet there is no doubt that he made the decisions he did out of careful consideration for the institution he loved and the greater country beyond it.<br/><br/>I felt that his announcement of the re-opening of the criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails cost her the election. At the same time, it is obvious from his antipathy toward Trump, which had its seeds in his doubts about Trump's character and veracity during the campaign, that Comey did not mean to bring about any such result. He was doing what he thought best for the FBI and the country. He didn't want to be treated as Trump's man afterward--he seems horrified to have been perceived as such.<br/><br/>Now he is in the unfortunate position that both the right and the left dislike him--the right because he has exposed some of Trump's egregious character and leadership flaws; the left because he might have cost Hillary the election. Yet Trump really does have egregious character and leadership flaws--and Hillary Clinton was "extremely careless" with classified information important to the United States (so careless that a hundred thousand of her emails ended up with Anthony Weiner--he of the unfortunate but illustrative name). Were either of these people of better character, this discussion would be unnecessary. It is particularly important to consider what we want in our leaders at this time, and Comey opens the discussion.<br/><br/>I am sure this has not been easy for James Comey. I think he is doing it because of faith in our country and its institutions, and a desire to assert the importance of truth and some of the characteristics of good leaders.<br/><br/>It's an important book and a refreshing one. I am grateful to Comey for standing up, and I hope history will treat him kindly.
 A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership by James Comey<br/><br/>“A Higher Loyalty” is a surprisingly insightful book on leadership at the highest levels of American government. Former FBI director James Comey provides the readers with his personal experiences from prosecuting the mafia and Martha Stewart to his unexpected firing by President Trump. This candid 293-page book includes the following fourteen chapters: 1. The Life, 2. This Things of Ours, 3. The Bully, 4. Meaning, 5. The Easy Lie, 6. On the Tracks, 7. Confirmation Bias, 8. In Hoover’s Shadow, 9. The Washington Listen, 10. Roadkill, 11. Speak of Conceal, 12. Trump Tower, 13. Tests of Loyalty, and 14. The Cloud.<br/><br/>Positives:<br/>1. A joy to read. A candid, revealing page turner.<br/>2. A fascinating topic treated with utmost respect and care. James Comey is credible and candid.<br/>3. The book has great rhythm, Comey is an excellent storyteller and his characterizations of key players is very compelling.<br/>4. In many respects this book is about the defense of the integrity of the FBI versus Trump’s insistence to mix politics into it and demand loyalty.<br/>5. Many readers most likely will read this book to get the dirt on the current administration but Comey covers many of his important experiences including dealing with the mafia. “But the promises not to kill made guys, bed their wives, or deal dope were lies. Gravano and his fellow Mafia members routinely did all three.”<br/>6. Shares his experiences that led him to decide on a legal career. “Lawyers participate much more directly in the search for justice. That route, I thought, might be the best way to make a difference.”<br/>7. One of the strengths of this book is Comey’s ability to give very credible depictions of the key player of the book. “Rudy’s demeanor left a trail of resentment among the dozens of federal judges in Manhattan, many of whom had worked in that U.S. Attorney’s office. They thought he made the office about one person, himself, and used publicity about his cases as a way to foster his political ambitions rather than doing justice. It was a resentment that was still palpable when I became the chief federal prosecutor in Manhattan—and sat in Giuliani’s chair—a dozen years later.”<br/>8. Describes his experiences with bullies and his personal disdain for them. “Those years of bullying added up, minor indignity after indignity, making clear the consequences of power. Harry Howell had power, and he wielded it with compassion and understanding. That wasn’t always easy for him, because he had to deal with a lot of immature kids. Others had power, like the bullies at school, and they found it far easier to wield it against those who were defenseless and to just go along with the group rather than stand up to it.”<br/>9. Does a very good job of describing what drives him. “I carried in my wallet from the age of sixteen a quotation by Ralph Waldo Emerson: “It is easy in the world to live after the world’s opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.””<br/>10. Describes the people who influenced him. “I HAVE WORKED with great men over the years, but two of my most important teachers about life and leadership were women.”<br/>11. The lies!!! “He who permits to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it a second and third time, till at length it becomes habitual; he tells lies without attending to it, and truths without the world’s believing him. This falsehood of the tongue leads to that of the heart, and in time depraves all its good dispositions. – Thomas Jefferson”<br/>12. Much philosophy shared in this book, here is one of Comey’s favorite analogy. “I would explain that the problem with reservoirs is that they take a very long time to fill but they can be drained by one hole in the dam. The actions of one person can destroy what it took hundreds of people years to build.”<br/>13. Many interesting cases and stories including Martha Stewart, Scooter Libby, and Abu Ghraib torture case. “The Bureau had long ago concluded that coercive interrogations were of no utility, the information obtained largely useless or unreliable. Instead, over decades, the FBI had perfected the art of “rapport-building interrogation”—forming a trusting relationship with those in its custody.”<br/>14. Interesting interactions with people at the highest levels. “Mueller and I were not particularly close and had never seen each other outside of work, but I knew Bob understood and respected our legal position and cared deeply about the rule of law. His whole life was about doing things the right way. When I told him what was happening, he said he would be there immediately.”<br/>15.  Insights into the FBI. “They helped me rewrite the organization’s mission statement to match what was already written on their hearts: they exist to “protect the American people and uphold the Constitution of the United States.”<br/>16. Much of this book revolves around leadership. “We would teach that great leaders are (1) people of integrity and decency; (2) confident enough to be humble; (3) both kind and tough; (4) transparent; and (5) aware that we all seek meaning in work. We would also teach them that (6) what they say is important, but what they do is far more important, because their people are always watching them. In short, we would demand and develop ethical leaders.”<br/>17. Some revealing admissions. “First, I said, we in law enforcement need to acknowledge the truth that we have long been the enforcers of a status quo in America that abused black people; we need to acknowledge our history because the people we serve and protect cannot forget it. Second, we all need to acknowledge that we carry implicit biases inside us, and if we aren’t careful, they can lead to assumptions and injustice. Third, something can happen to people in law enforcement who must respond to incidents resulting in the arrest of so many young men of color; it can warp perspectives and lead to cynicism. Finally, I said, we all must acknowledge that the police are not the root cause of the most challenging problems in our country’s worst neighborhoods, but that the actual causes and solutions are so hard that it is easier to talk only about the police.”<br/>18. Great respect and admiration for President Obama. “And this is where Barack Obama surprised me yet again. He was an extraordinary listener, as good as any I’ve seen in leadership.”<br/>19. A fascinating look at that whole email situation with Hillary Clinton, a really telling chapter in the book. “The facts of the case were straightforward: Hillary Clinton had used her personal email system, on a server and with an email address that was entirely of her own creation, to conduct her work as secretary of state.” “In Secretary Clinton’s case, the answer to the first question—was classified information mishandled?—was obviously “yes.””<br/>20. The case against Petraeus. “I argued strongly to Attorney General Holder that Petraeus also should be charged with a felony for lying to the Bureau. Replaying in my mind the Martha Stewart, Leonidas Young, and Scooter Libby cases, I argued that if we weren’t going to hold retired generals and CIA directors accountable for blatantly lying during investigations, how could we justify jailing thousands of others for doing the same thing?”<br/>21. Trump, Trump, Trump. “The four agencies had joined in the assessment, which was both stunning and straightforward: Russian president Vladimir Putin ordered an extensive effort to influence the 2016 presidential election. That effort, which came through cyber activity, social media, and Russian state media, had a variety of goals: undermining public faith in the American democratic process, denigrating Hillary Clinton and harming her electability and potential presidency, and helping Donald Trump get elected.” “I suddenly had the feeling that, in the blink of an eye, the president-elect was trying to make us all part of the same family and that Team Trump had made it a “thing of ours.” For my entire career, intelligence was a thing of mine and political spin a thing of yours. Team Trump wanted to change that.”<br/>22. The firing. “Donald Trump’s presidency threatens much of what is good in this nation. We all bear responsibility for the deeply flawed choices put before voters during the 2016 election, and our country is paying a high price: this president is unethical, and untethered to truth and institutional values. His leadership is transactional, ego driven, and about personal loyalty.”<br/><br/>Negatives:<br/>1. No supplementary material. I would have liked a timeline, charts or diagrams.<br/>2. There is no doubt that Comey was restrained but he certainly made the best of it.<br/>3. Some readers will be disappointed that most of the book is not about Trump. That said, he builds an interesting momentum toward Trump.<br/><br/>In summary, an excellent and credible account of Comey’s experiences at the highest levels of government. Comey cleverly shares his personal experiences while building a compelling case of what leadership is and why Trump does not meet such standards. He is defender of the integrity of the FBI and exposes the lies and conflicts brought upon by Trump’s administration. A must read!<br/><br/>Further suggestions: “Fire and Fury” by Michael Wolff, “Trumpocracy” by David Frum, “What Happened “ by Hillary Rodham Clinton, “Can It Happen Here?: Authoritarianism in America” by Cass R. Sunstein,  “Fantasyland: How America Went Haywire” by Kurt Andersen, “It’s Even Worse Than You Think” by David Cay Johnston, and “How Democracies Die” by Steven Levitsky.
 Fascinating look at Mr. Comey's experience in the FBI.<br/>Mr. Comey has been in some unenviable positions in the last few years.<br/>His character,ethics and those who work with him have been under fire...<br/>We should be very concerned about what the current administration has done/is doing to this nation.<br/>We have never been more divided.<br/><br/>I realize certain talking heads believed, and perhaps hoped, Comey was mocking the current president when he briefly described his appearance.<br/>While Mr. Trump may have made himself a target( for many) by mocking others appearance and bragging about his hand size, it is my understanding that FBI agents are trained to take careful note of the subject/events at hand. Whatever that may be.<br/>Mr. Comey's remark about the presidents facial coloring was a matter of fact, nothing more.<br/>And the hand shake, I would venture to guess that given Comey's stature, very few people would have a hand as large as his.
 It hurts to read such an incompetent person is ruining not running this country.<br/>Thank you Mr Comey. If I tweeted, I would, but that seems to be for teenagers and bullies.
 This is a powerful Book.Certainly the truth from front cover to the back cover.So glad I purchased this book.My hat is off to Mr. Comey for telling it like it is.
 I wonder if all the political critics have actually read this book.  It’s an auto-biography NOT a political criticism of Donald Trump.
 Well worth the read. Jim blth lays bare all his mistakes in an intimate matter and bolsters his reputation as a man of law in a humble and meticulous way. I wish the book wasnt so politically polorizing to some people, however, it's a good edition to the history of the DOJ in America.
 Excellent book!  I admire his commitment to his values, which have always been core to my own definition of good leadership. My daughter is a senior engineering student. I’ve recommended that she read it, too. Thanks, Mr. Comey, for sharing your personal journey with us!  My faith in ethical leadership has been restored!
 Not sure what I think about some events.  A very revelling book
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.  Of course, it all depends on one's point political beliefs.  That being said, it was an enlightening and eye opening book.
 Excellent read. I enjoyed it. Felt he was in a precarious position.
 Excellent book and I received this popular book quickly. Thanks.
 Loved the book.  It presented a different picture of Comey.
 Well thought out and written. Seemed very believable .<br/>Highly recommend this book. Book book book book book book book.
 The book A Higher Loyalty was so rich and so truthful, I really enjoyed it. I feel like I understand the situation a lot better now.  We have a problem with a lack of ruth in our government which I regret.  This book shined a light on truth and honesty.  I can't help but respect James Comey and the FBI that he represents.  Thank you.
 I bought the Audible Version, but after listening to Comey's excellent reading of his book, we've decided to buy a hard copy, for this is a book worthy of being in our library and sharing with others. Comey has integrity. He brings that wholeness and thoughtfulness across the spectrum of his life. His views on leadership are transferable to any profession and interpersonal relationship. And yes, I can understand why and how he has exasperated many people while holding the position of FBI director. In my opinion, you will gain from reading A Higher Loyalty.
 Well written and a good insight into the current administration
 I can now understand why Mr. Comey was an aspiring journalist, he’s a pretty decent writer.<br/>Useful background information about three administrations and it’s not focused on one person. I suspect that It will be judged even better 10 years from now when the dust settles.
 This may have been his first book, but it will be remembered as an honest rendering of the tragedy our nation currently faces.  Thank you for your service!
 historically enlightening but could have been edited better
 The way Comey was fired tells us all we need to know about the man who fired him. How very cruel.
 I really enjoyed this book. I purchased it in all honesty, to see what's the "buzz" is about. James opens up, revealing even some shortcomings which is refreshing to read from a high ranking government official. The reading is conversational, like he's talking to me personally. Well done.
 Still plowing through it. He will eventually run for POTUS IMHO.
 I would recommend this book to any independent voter. It shows how the justice dept. and FBI have to stay independent from the White House.
 Sadly, just finished this amazing  book. Just as sadly, so many people will condemn this book and it's author as "fake news ".  People on  either side politically need to read,  and understand,  the importance of the words, of the meaning.<br/>Thank you Mr. Come for your service.
 Enjoyable read through a tough time with tough choices. Highlights why sound responsible leadership is so important. Recommended. A good record.
 Powerful book.If anyone wants to see what it's like on the inside of the Trump Presidency, this provides a thoughtful read.
 The book is written not to excuse or blame, but to share and convey an understanding that will escape you should you be looking for an agenda.<br/>James Comey is empathetic, humble, honest and hopeful.  Men like Comey, Brennan &amp; Clapper are truly the calm in the storm and remind us just by their truth that America will be ok. We really can trust in the intelligence agencies and the foreign intelligence agencies that have our back.<br/>The book is a leisure read, and I can see where the timing could make some disappointed because it was not about trump, but James Comey.<br/>He takes you through stages of his life and events that lead to his reasoning skills and rationale for decisions that were "damned if you did, damned if you didn't."  In a small way, I believe he still feels responsible for the outcome of the election.  To me, it would have possibly been the same result because of the collective interference.<br/>I appreciate that James Comey is able to expect that what he wants for himself, he also wants for others. How refreshingly simple, like the forefathers wanted for America.<br/>The book closes shortly after the election, and he maintains a matter of fact approach to his recollections as his training has taught him to do.  But he shares his personal thoughts and feelings about many things that show strength in leadership, so today's trump supporters would hardly understand, much. less. read. it.<br/><br/>Having read fact based journalism and steered clear of conspiracy whack- a- moles, I believe this russian cabal in our government will pay dearly and the oligarchs will be wise to retire their fool who is costing them more than just money.<br/>Trump went from "Witch Hunt" to now suing on the grounds that,  ie "coordination with a foreign government makes us smart, not traitors!"<br/>Russia's hacker's excuse? "It's not illegal if we didn't know it was illegal."(trumpsky rule of Law)<br/>As I write this, he is, again, attacking a private citizen, companies, and journalists, much like the pseudo-"democracy" that putin claims to have in russia - where the elections are also rigged.<br/>I don't care what party you are, if you love America and Democracy, you would be missing Obama by now.<br/><br/>If you are reading this, check your voter registration immediately.<br/>Do not just look at it! PRINT IT!  If your registration file is affected, they have changed the data on the portion that prints out and you will not see it unless you print it.  This is the portion that matches the Drivers License data, not your physical address on file.<br/>If you notice an error, contact your state AG.<br/><br/>Trumplandia IS Idiocracy, not the United States.<br/>"Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities." Voltaire
 Well written, truthful book. Very interesting. Would recommend.
 Although I dont agree with every decision James Comey made, I am certain this is an honest, self-reflective man doing his best to live with great integrity. I learned a lot about our government, law enforcement, and the FBI by reading Comey’s book. Justice must operate with freedom to find the truth and not be coerced by any politicians. Comey’s book is well-written, engaging, and important. Highly recommended.
 Excellently written, and believable and understandable
 This book is very well written and a real eye opener for anyone who is even somewhat unaware of HOW our government often works(?)!<br/>As someone who worked in various offices of the Federal Government during three of the last presidential administrations and briefly in the current one, James Comey has a fascinating story to tell.  Indeed, much of what he recounts is quite pertinent to our current events.  Comey's sensitivity, compassion and breadth of knowledge and keen understanding of human behaviors, also, make the book literally "difficult to put down"!  His sense of humor is engaging, and that aspect of his storytelling makes the charm of the book exceptional!<br/><br/>My ONLY negative feedback is that I find Comey's touching, refreshing idealism may at times cut into his real life understanding of both our Justice System and more broadly of the injustices of our "system" at large.  However, if true, it is heartening to note that this drawback surely is NOT as a result of carelessness or of uncaring, as is often the case with high level government officials; Comey obviously cares deeply for every bit of creation, and tries his best to be service to the whole!  Also refreshing, I believe him to be committed to the truth!
 Light but ever-so-interesting read.  Couldn't put it down
 A compelling account of how Donald Trump intends to run the country like he has his businesses, by intimidation and dishonesty, thinking only of himself. Only hope that James Comet is correct in believing that the United States will recover from the damage that is being done.
 Comey does a good job at exposing his weakness and strengths as well as depicting what he feels good and great leadership looks like.
 Good read, regardless of which side of the political line you stand.
 Very well written, blunt, and well supported factually.
 I knew the outline of the Comey story from the news but not the eyeball-to-eyeball part about being there. Really eye-opening, especially about President Trump.
 Found it less interesting than thought it would be
 I liked Mr. Comey's honesty, despite what has been said by his detractors.
 Awesome book!  Comey is an American hero! Please read this book!
 Excellent book.  Breezed through it quickly.
 Apparently I can't just submit a review of star rating. It won't let me. So my review, it's a good book.
 Got it for the partner, he loved it  Informative reading
 The truth, when independently verified by honest persons, will set us free.  This book helped immensely in my own quest to determine the truth.
 interesting read
 Not sure what all the hype was.. Disappointing..
 It seemed to be an honest view of how he perceived all the events. Most information I was aware of and some was new. I would recommend the book to anyone concerned about who is telling the truth and who is not.
 I don't follow politics too much but I heard Comey in an interview on NPR and thought, who this man is funny! Who is he really and what actually happened? I've been through enough in life to know that every story has two sides. So I wanted to hear his side. Wow! All I can say is this book to me was really about leadership. It's about being confident enough to be humble and being kind yet tough. I learned a lot and I will listen to it over and over again and eventually read it too. I recommended it for everyone and even told my 16 year old it's a must read.
 Great book.  l could not put it down.
 The author's intent to be honest and transparent.
 A must read for all Americans, regardless of political persuasion.  Our nation’s core values and ethical standards should not be forgotten.
 I like a good biography  on how fate/choices shaped a life
 Mr. Comey comes out of this as the one that should be President.
 Must reading for every American, it clearly identifies what we have as a president and what we must be careful to do or not to do. Believing anything Trump says is NOT something we should do.
 Good read no matter what your politics are
 Absolutely insightful and honest book!! Holds more credibility than Donald Trump. I believe what he is saying in this book and thoroughly enjoyed it!
 I don't know if this was the FULL truth?
 I am a Comey supporter!!!!! There is nothing I didn't like in this book.
 Comey explains a lot in this book about his life, leadership and law enforcement. And of course the 2016 election and its aftermath. Very enlightening and inspiring.
 written as a bestselling spy novel, unable to put it down.<br/>it is hard to believe this is  real life in America.<br/>Comey should take up writing as his new profession.<br/>he makes politics exciting.<br/>  annelise christie  Perth Australia
 Very honest and well written account of what has transpired to date.  Mr. Comey should be congratulated on having the courage to stand up and write this book. He is definitely a person of high moral integrity who displays the values of what makes America great. Excellent read and I would recommend this book to all.
 Well told, well written, but profoundly sad in the stark reality of the presidency of Donald Trump and the failure of his supporters to understand the evil they have unleashed in America.
 Not as substantive as I hoped, but it was interesting
 Powerful look into an interesting life, and a terrifying glimpse into the reckless, dark mind of the current President. A great read.
 Very strong on leadership philosophy.  His explanation of what happened is not real strong.
 An amazing book from an amazing person who walks the reader through the world of his eyes.  He highlights important in the book values and morals that not only should a president have but every person on this world should have.  A great book, I would definitely recommend it.
 Prompt shipping.. Gonna be a good read soon.
 I liked it, but he tends to get a little boring.
 Bought this for my Wife. She believes that this book can help the entire nation understand the character that it takes to lead in this day and time.
 Great book! Thanks Amazon and thank you James Comey! We wish you the very best!
 Have not finished reading it. So far, exciting
 Very well written. Comey comes across as an honorable and competent leader. He writes a very clear and believable narrative regarding his unfortunate dealings with Trump. A valuable lesson to all voters to pay attention and educate themselves.
 Reading Jim Comey's personal account of what transpired during the campaign and early Trump administration confirms his honesty and integrity. It also is a good read. On many levels. His confidence in the ability of this country to get to the truth and to rebuild after the "fire" is what I needed to hear.
 Regardless of where you stand, this is a book to read. Well written, on point multiple times, and a way to stand back from all the media flurry about this story, this man, and the institution of the FBI.
 It's frightening to hear how our current president is regularly altering the way things are done in Washington. Things that are done for the purpose of protecting the people and our laws. You can try to excuse some of it by arguing he is new to politics, but you can't ignore the arrogance and desire to have things his way at all cost. We need more people in the know to stand up and shout - enough!!!
 Great book with interesting points
 Fascinating!
 James Comey is not only an excellent writer with great integrity with whom I agree.  He rightly points out the dangers of the current Trump administration.
 Though I did not like Mr Comey's decision concerning Hillary Clinton's emails, I did develop an understanding of why he did this.  I also got to like him in his commitment to do the right thing, which can be so hard to judge sometimes,
 Director Comey is reading the Audio Book! With this format I get the author's own emphasis and voicing. Well worth the extra money.<br/>Its so well written that I can't get out of my car when I get to my destination, though. I'm surprised at how riveting it is. Very well written.<br/><br/>Director Comey is brutally self-honest and self-effacing. His way of enumerating his character defects is more of an amends than a Mia culpa. I believe this man and he is the legitimate Director still in my view. The man who fired him is not legitimate. It would be entirely appropriate to withold consent to be governed as one particular party is shielding him from an investigation. That tells me they have an awareness of wrongdoing and put that party's political agenda above the good of the nation and her people..
 This book was written by a suberb leader with morals and compassion that is missing in major areas of our government. What has been publicized as a insiders look into the Russia Investigation is actually a book reflecting strong leaders and their influences. This book is about making decisions while keeping your dignity intact. Hats off to Fmr FBI Director Comey.
 Excellent book— a must read for all parties!
 ...would have made a great thriller if only it were fiction. As a treatise on moral leadership, it should be read by every thinking adult.  If (as Comey hopes) America comes through these times to reestablish itself as a strong, moral &amp; ethical democracy, this book will have helped make that happen.  Thank you, Mr. Comey.
 Ha Ha Ha. What an ass this Trump is!
 It was great to learn about some more of his background, but there’s no big reveals on the Trump debacle.
 First hand account about current political chaos shaking our country. Comey comes across as principled, trustworthy and believable. This saga is not over.
 An outstanding book. James Comey is a true patriot and an extremely honorable man; his story is a real eye opener.
 He really explained what was going on “though his eyes.”
 Truth is the way to go!
 Director Comey wrote a very good book. It was insightful, entertaining and it makes you think about how far (low?) we have come as a country. He wrote about his experiences with the good leaders in his life, like the grocery store manager. Seems strange that the Director of the FBI would be influenced by a grocery store manager he worked for as a teen, but once you read the book you understand completely. Good leadership is being able to inspire others to do well, no matter what position you hold. So sad that the current President has no idea how to motivate people and seems capable only of being divisive and demeaning. I get that we only had a choice between two horrible candidates, but what does it say about us as a country that those two awful people are the two who were thrust into the spotlight and that is all we had to chose between? I voted third party myself for the first time in my life, despite being a life-long conservative.<br/><br/>There were many funny anecdotes in the book, like the time he encountered a young FBI employee in the cafeteria who seemingly had no idea he was the Director. Comey is a good writer who holds your interest. He could have changed some anecdotes to make himself look better, but he comes across as honest and admits his faults and is open about how he could have and wishes he had done some things differently in the earlier parts of the book. BTW, this book was about his entire life, not just the portion dealing with Clinton/Trump. Trump or Clinton haters/lovers may not like him personally, but really Clinton and Trump have only themselves to blame for the FBI investigations. Try as they may, neither candidate nor President can pretend that they are blameless for the FBI investigations into their actions.
 This is a must read book if you want to gain knowledge of our government and to keep the 3 branches separate.
 Very interesting and worth reading
 Very interesting book  --  easy to read.  Mr. Comey reveals much about himself from a child to the present.  Really enjoyed the book.  Did not find it to be as much "Trump bashing" as many seemed to think.
 I really like the way Jim Comey has written his account of events.  He has worked quite hard to make it readable and interesting.
 This is a well-written, often disconcerting, but ultimately hopeful and inspiring book. There have been many comments made on the more salacious descriptions of Comey's interactions with Trump, but the true substance of the text, especially the former FBI's thoughts on ethical leadership and our country's ethical foundation, is a valuable reminder of what we should all aspire to, even as we will all certainly fall short of that goal.
 Great book, enjoyed reading it.
 Well written, factual, and timely!
 Interesting book. Tells a lot about ethics. Regardless of political party people should read this. Good book, some good insight into our current political division.
 I have very mixed feelings about the author yet I have to say this book is excellent. First Comey is an excellent writer and his style is interesting and clear.  While I think Comey tends to be somewhat self-righteous and his judgement at times is questionable I do think he is an honest and honorable man. This book clearly outlines the outrageous conduct of President Trump.  Comparing the leadership of Presidents Obama and Bush to the current resident of the White House is a frightening realization.  I hope all of us who love our country will read this book and heed the revelations it exposes.
 The writing was better than I expected and the message more nuanced.  Comey used his experience with Trump as one example to convey how he developed his leadership philosophy and how he used this philosophy in his leadership roles. He extends on his testimony to Congress and in comparison to the President he comes across as an honest and transparent person. This is an important book that will endure beyond the current morass.
 This man is an EXCELLENT writer and keeps the reader's attention.
 The entire USA should read this book. This man dedicated his life to protecting its citizens. He may have an ego, but compared to Commander Bonespurs he is the most humble man ever.  Decent read but am sure it is all "fake news and alternate facts".
 Wow, I needed to read this!!!
 When I got this book I thought it’d be a book about Trump. It was not. It’s about Comey’s life experiences. You will have more understanding  about why he did the things he did. I didn’t agree with how he handled the CLINTON thing. After getting to know him through the book, I understand his thinking.
 He writes so well and his brief description of his LBT (Life Before Trump) is so very interesting.  He seems a totally decent guy doing an extremely difficult job.  I was angry at his decision just before the election, and now can truly see his dilemma.  I learned a lot from reading A Higher Loyalty and am pretty sure most thoughtful readers will as well.  Well done.
 To James Comey:  Thank you.
 Everyone has already said it. Every American should read this book, its author is a riveting writer with an amazing story to tell. This would make (and probably will) a terrific movie. I'll add one more thing. This is the first person in government in a very, very long time that I can say has earned my respect.
 Well written and pleasant read, especially for a first-time author. Details of Mr. Comey's interactions with President Obama, even in tough moments, made me miss the decency and poise of President Obama more than ever. My main epithet for Trump for over a year has been, "He's a mobster;" so to see James Comey repeatedly compare his interactions with Trump to his previous experiences with la Cosa Nostra, John Gotti, and the Gambino family, was quite a validation.
 This is a masterpiece and must read for all! It is filled with treasures of wisdom. Please buy a copy for a friend you care about.
 What’s happening to our government under this President makes me sad.  It lost a good public servant in James Comey.
 I felt this was a very well written, thought out book about a man who always tried to do the right thing, though there were times when the best decision still had consequences that were less than stellar.  I found it to be an excellent read.
 I thoroughly enjoyed James Comey's book and was pleasantly surprised by the content.  Given the media hype regarding references to Trump, I suppose I expected more of a "tell-all book", but it is decidedly NOT that.  I found myself turning down pages which referenced leadership traits and passages that struck me - including the first page to the entire, wonderful Epilogue.  Each chapter begins with a funny and/or thought-provoking quote - love that.  It was interesting to learn about his childhood, teen years and personal life/family, as well - funny anecdotes as well as tragic and near-tragic situations.  His accounts of prosecuting the Mafia were riveting - as were his accounts of working under the Bush-Cheney administration.<br/><br/>The infamous emails don't turn up until 3/4 through the book.  I realize that the book is, in a way, Comey's attempt to vindicate himself in others' eyes.  I had already come to my own understanding as to why he chose the actions he did with regard to the Clinton emails, but in this book, Comey lays out his very difficult choices.  One would have to be blindly obstinate not to understand the position he was in at the time.  Despite the over-the-top coverage given by the media, Trump doesn't really show up until near the end of the book.  (I'm sure it grates on him that he's more of a footnote than a theme)<br/><br/>I found this book to be a quick read and well worth it, as well - double bonus! I wish Jim Comey the best as he returns to periodic teaching stints at the College of William &amp; Mary.
 I love this book it's not just about dumb#$$ Donald but there's a lot of recent history here.
 Comey is a good writer.
 Comey,s authentic development of leadership as the eternal principles of truth, love and goodness should be read by every high school student in the land.  This highly readable book strikes at the core of what we have lost in our relationships and the courage necessary to restore them.
 Disappointed in content
 Generations will look back to these words.<br/>May God bless the Director.<br/>Truth will always be the victor in the long run.
 It was a good book.
 Well written book! It gives you an understanding as to how the Justice Department operates and insight to Comey’s dedication to the country Trump is destroying.
 Insightful.  Engaging.
 Our nation, as Mr. Comey tells us—in a book written with humility, thoughtfulness, and humor—is bigger than any one person, even if that person is the president.  It behooves all of us to recognize that we as a nation are better when led by men and women of integrity, who are called to public service not by a desire for power or fame, but out of a drive to serve the American people.  James Comey is such a man.<br/><br/>Regardless of what partisans may think of his decisions in the days leading up to and following the 2016 election, it is clear as he walks us through his struggle to act in the best interests of the American People that Comey really was driven by a higher loyalty than partisanship.<br/><br/>It should comfort every American that men like Comey have been at the helm of our major institutions—and equally, it should terrify us that those men and women are being stripped from their positions and replaced by rank amateurs and naked partisans.  This country is not the mob; it should not be run as if it were.<br/><br/>This book is a must-read for all who wish to understand more about how we came to be where we are—and who see the grave danger threatening our democracy.
 Informative read!
 Worth reading, Americans need to understand the current political situation. Comey shares his insider view of the justice system in relation to politics.
 interesting
 well...you know
 cant wait to read
 I didn't anticipate liking this book as much as I did. Its brilliant!
 An excellent read
 it is a gifr
 love it!
 Ok book. Obviously from one point of view.
 Director Comey understands loyalty and leadership better than most people in government or the general public. He may have made some mistakes in decision-making, but few of us could have done as well.
 So much more to this book than what media reports have focused on, and so much more to James Comey .  Sincerely hope the writing of this book was as cathartic for the author as the reading was cathartic for the concerned American people.<br/>Thank you Mr. Comey for your dedication and service.
 My husband loved the book.
 excellent book
 Interesting
 Must read!
 Great book.
 I loved the focus on values and the need for truth in our democracy.  When is his next book coming out?
 A healthy dose of truth-telling from a good, honorable man. Must-read, regardless of where you stand on the political spectrum.
 Good Book easy read
 Another must read.  Gives a good picture of Comey's personality which makes it clear how he blundered into his dilemma of having to expose the Clinton campaign to harm, while preventing America from knowing the issues with the Trump campaign.  Would Clinton have one, don't know.  Comey doesn't hold all the blame for the issue the Obama administration also hold half, if not more of the blame.  Difficult decision for both, both botched it.  Pray for Mueller.
 I do not agree entirely with everything James Comey believes politically or even morally, but I do believe he believes what he says and speaks the truth, which I had always perceived as rare among those who make it to the top of our political organizations. To hear him discuss the past couple of decades of presidents, and get an inside look at his interactions with those administrations, is pretty extraordinary, and I also found his message at the end heartening: that perhaps even in a forest fire there is good, in the end.
 This was a thoughtful informative book from Mr. Comey about his experiences with 3 Presidents and other leaders.  How his dealings with Trump were so abnormal.
 My conviction to know the difference when lack of strength overcomes me, I'll muster... my intacted soul becomes strength.  Thank you Mr. Comey.
 I was surprised that less than half this book deals with the 2016 presidential election. The first 54% deals with James Comey’s prior career including everything from John Gotti and Martha Stewart to waterboarding. All of the book deals with Comey’s mental processes, basically as to why he made the decisions he did. I don’t agree with all his analyses, but am left with the impression that he acted in good faith in 2016 and was not attempting to assist or impair either campaign. As we already knew his relationship with Donald Trump deteriorated as time went on, ultimately leading to his being fired. Since this is a literary review rather than a political analysis, I will not express any opinions on the latter. It is enough to say that James Comey’s perspective and rationale are well set forth and easy to understand.
 I like he tells the truth about the very ugly 45th.  Loyalty is not to a man in the government, but to the people who elect or hire them.
 Much was said in the days leading up to the release of this book of the author, of the book itself. Conservatives in the press and in government labelled this effort in the most negative of terms. I found the book both educational and inspirational!  A lesson in truth amidst the lies in our government, our press, and our presidency.
 Believable!
 Satisfied
 After reading this book, I am more convinced that Comey is a hack and a liar and just another pawn in the Clinton web of lies and deceit...If any ordinary citizen did what Hillary Clinton did, they would be in jail! It is a crime that he covered for her...he deserves to be in jail as well. This book proves that justice for all does not exist!
 This book gave me an greater understanding of these events.  We should all strive for a higher loyalty. Our country desires it.
 love it
 This is great leadership training material, because it is filled with multiple complex case studies. More importantly, however, this book is powerful because it reveals what I have expected for some time...the emperor has no clothes.
 I listened to this book on a road trip from Minneapolis to KC.  James Comey is the narrator and it was obvious that his passion for his wife and family as well as his profession (in that order) indelibly shaped his worldview.  To put Mr. Comey in the same sentence as Donald Trump is a disgrace to Comey and to the entire law enforcement community.<br/><br/>Having been a middle school principal for 35 years, I think every possible excuse for behaving badly was presented to me.  Not once did I hear a 13-year old kid plead with me to believe his/her excuses because “even if there is a 1% chance his/her parents found out—it would devastate them.”  Trump’s effusiveness to get anyone to believe he was not with prostitutes in Russia is indeed a tragedy.  No one but a narcissistic and bloviating career liar would exhibit such atrocious attempts to convince anyone—especially the Head of the FBI to believe him.  In other words, it is obvious that “Trump doth protest too much.”<br/><br/>Mr. Comey ends his story with a profoundly effective metaphor.  Trump and his administration are indeed a “Forest Fire” that will burn out in time and new growth will begin.  In the meantime, he chides and warns: “do not become complacent with Trump’s uncouth behavior.  Encourage your friends, family and children to embrace the art of being kind…because only then will we make America the great place it was before the anomaly of a Donald Trump presidency."
 Based on recent news (June 2018) about how Comey was insubordinate by reopening the Clinton email investigation, I REGRET buying this book. I have not read it yet and really have no motivation to do so now. I'm very disappointed in knowing that Comey could have kept his mouth shut about the emails until AFTER the election and we wouldn't be in the horrible situation we are in now with trump. It's ALL Comey's fault as far as I'm concerned.
 An interesting look at how our FBI is to be an apolitical organization to maintain a high level of truth and trust.  James Comey level of integrity and loyalty to the mission of his organization is refreshing in this difficult political atmosphere we  now live in.
 I’m a Hillary supporter. Like 1/2 of America, I was upset with him over the 2016 election. I still feel that his handling of the email investigation was wrong. HOWEVER, this book is amazing. It shows how difficult his job was, and many others in our government. The AG, DAG and FBI director positions, among others, require people of unbelievable integrity. I feel Jim Comey is one of those persons. He now stands as a hero to me.
 Great read.
 What I liked most about this book was Mr Comey’s coverage of his work history especially serving when George W Bush and Barack Obama were presidents.  Also  liked his explanation of Hilary Clinton’s troubles using her special server without her realizing that her emails might be vulnerable to be hacked.  Gives a different view of the investigation.<br/><br/>Disturbing to me at the end was the firing of Comey while he was giving an FBI talk and him seeing it being announced onTV. To top it all the President didn’t want to give him a ride home to Washington.  However he did get a ride due to the help of Andy McCabe standing up for him.
 like the story so far, still reading it !
 I could not put down this book once I started. I understood many things in detail and sequence how everything unfolded. James Comey comes across as an honest and highly loyal to this great country and it’s values. He clearly narrates the President Trump’ s mindset and how ego driven and lies laden behavior has shaped the presidency .<br/>I hope and pray as Comey says that the current presidency works like a forest fire and brings good things for future of our children.<br/>Book is a must read !<br/>Thank you James Comey for serving this great country and inspiring the common public for optimism in current climate. Thank you sir!
 Good read
 James Comey is awesome.
 Could not put it down. Eye opening and well written.
 WAOW
 What an amazing look at a lifelong career... Such great insight into his mind while he was growing into who he is today...<br/>AMAZING... Thanks James Comey
 This book is true to its subtitle.  It is primarily a book about leadership.  Comey describes his personal development as a leader. He shares how and with whom he discovered several central principles. In the process he comments about various presidents with whom he has worked.  Only the last few pages focus on Trump.  Anyone in leadership or who aspires to leadership would benefit from reading this book. The principles are clearly articulated and exemplified in his experiences.  It makes crystal clear the dependence of our democracy on effective leadership.  Anyone who is also familiar with "servant leadership" literature will find in Comey's book, narratives and examples that make this leadership style come alive and relevant.
 People,  ya gotta read this book. A rare look into our president and it's not so good. We as a nation have got to put this era behind us.
 I’m not into politics &amp; am not politically. I am, however, an American born, tax paying citizen &amp; Greatly Disturbed by events that have occured since 2016. I believe this is one Honest man’s account &amp; is Relevant. This eye witness has an impeccable background of public service &amp; duty, that was long before this mess America is floating through. God help us...
 This book made me challenge my own partisan thinking.  I was also fascinated by the stories and career path of James Comey, which was surprising to me as a liberal Democrat often skeptical of organizations like the FBI (for example, under James Comey's direction, the FBI cadet training curriculum was modified to include a case study on the FBI's reprehensible treatment of Martin Luther King Jr,, requiring new agents to look at the historical mistakes the FBI made in the past).  I came away with an understanding of why James Comey made the decisions he did even though I didn't like some off them at the time and putting myself in his shoes I would probably have come to the same conclusions.  This is a man that follows the rule of law and is dedicated to protecting the Constitution.  I found some of his interactions with Obama particularly moving and I enjoyed his perspective on the slippery players in the Bush administration. His descriptions of Trump and his bumbling staff would been amusing if it were not our current reality.  I have newfound respect for James Comey.  He is the epitome of servant leadership. I can only hope there are more government officials who share his integrity and dedication.  My fear is they are too few and far between and we will continue to watch the destruction of our democracy in the "post-truth" age.
 Really lived reading this book.  Was great that it was available in a timely manner while all the publishers interviews with the author
 This book is personal study of leadership. Comey has a writer's eye for detail and economy of description. His humility resounds and self-deprecating stories pull one through, story by story, page after page, supporting his point. Leaders are confident and humble as they strive for truthfulness/integrity. He finds his grounding in the theology of Richard Niebuhr and, while his implementation is inconsistent and falls short, he is driven by “a higher loyalty”, the pursuit of justice, summed up by the following: “Man's capacity for justice makes democracy possible, but man's inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary.”
 Insite into Comey and the reasons why he did certain things.
 Every Citizen should read this book.  I read Luke Harding’s book, “Collusion...” and it convinced me we have a very dirty President in office.  Mr. Comey takes it a step further in describing his interactions with President Trump.<br/><br/>But mind you, MOST of this book is not about Donald Trump.  Mr. Comey writes about larger themes, the notion of justice, decision making in the government, why and how people serve us in government, and hope for the future.<br/><br/>Like Senator McCain, I do not want Donald Trump at my funeral.  But I would welcome Mr. Comey, not to talk about me, but to give mourners hope for the future in this great country.  To remind mourners the great responsibility we all have to the present and future of our country.<br/><br/>We have inherited a great republic.  We must not give it away to lies, bullying, alternate facts, injustice....<br/><br/>Mr. Comey - run for President.  We need your leadership<br/><br/>Robert Bryan Davis
 Comey holds deep core values of truth and justice. His moral compass marks the direction of difficult, necessary decisions, showing admirable leadership qualities. He is articulate and authentic.
 This is history in the making.  It's interesting to hear Comey's perceptions and decisions during a difficult time.  Additionally, the book provides insight to FBI and DOJ procedures and values.
 James Comey has a sense of consistency and integrity unparalleled. His recall of events has never wavered and the humanness and vulnerability of his writing makes one wish he was the true leader our country needs, decorum and vulnerable when it comes to others. Critical to his theme is listening and working to be the best communicator he can be, growing and learning all of the time, and capitalizing on what he learns Bravo.
 An excellent book about ethical leadership from start to finish.  James Comey is a role model for good citizenship and an inspiring leader.  Thank you for your service to our nation!<br/><br/>Harry Markopolos, CFA, CFE<br/>Chartered Financial Analyst<br/>Certified Fraud Examiner<br/>Boston, MA
 Most excellent book, everyone should read it if wanting to be enlightened.
 I especially enjoy his candidness about himself and his views
 Comey asks citizens to wake up and get involved!  Apathy will only let the fire grow, consume and damage more of our values and institutions.  New growth and energy may come, but attention and knowledge is needed to contain the damage.  Thank you Mr. Comey for sending out the Call!  Wake up, Act!
 GREAT BOOK
 Recommending to everyone I know.
 Comey is an excellent writer.  His integrity and compassion shows through in his unfailing commitment to live up to the legal and ethical obligations of his role.  Given the way he was treated by the POTUS, I am impressed with his ability to "take the high road."
 This book gave great insight into the world of politics, law enforcement and specifically the FBI. The over arching theme of leadership should be required reading for any future leaders of any field
 a very good read,
 Excellent book, very important and informative. Must read to understand what true integrity is.
 This is a must read to understand the decisions of James Comey.
 Fantastic. Insightful. Interesting. I couldn't put it down. Thank you Mr. Comey!
 Comey’s book opened my eyes to subjects I didn’t expect, most notably about effective, principled leadership.  His chapters showing us effective leaders he has worked for in the past, and what it was about them that made them effective, served to set them up as a model for how he would lead the FBI. His efforts to racially diversify the FBI were not known to me prior to reading this, and made me appreciate him more for his wider-sweeping views on leadership and for his vision of the future of the FBI.  The concept of “protecting the reservoir of trust” is a concept I will always carry with me and his views on effective leadership have helped me to re-evaluate my own leadership style.<br/><br/>It’s NOT a book about Trump.  It’s a book about leadership, boundaries, integrity and his higher loyalty to the citizens of the United States to run an FBI that is not influenced by any political party.<br/><br/>Well written and easy to read.  Bravo
 Please do not listen to the opinions of those that did not ready the book, or those that only read excerpts, or even those people that read the entirety but are typically known to be so extreme in views that their minds are closed off... this is NOT a book about politics; this is a very well written book about integrity and leadership. Comey does an excellant job of setting the scene and bringing the reader into his mind at some of the most challenging times of his life and career. Without directly doing so, Comey invites the reader to really think about their own morals and contemplate how you may respond when faced with difficult and/or unethical situations/people. This book was very insightful, inspiring and concerning all same time...
 As an ordinary citizen, this book was an eye opener to the core values and principles in which the FBI stands for. The book offered keen insights to the decision making process of some of the most toughest problems our country faced and that Comey had to solve.
 This book was well worth my time....the writing never lost my attention.  I learned a lot about our Justice System and was pleased with that clarification related to what is happening in the current Presidential Administration, May, 2018.  I am encouraged that our Democracy will stand firm.  I believe James Comey has done great service to his Country by writing this book and I am not one who has followed his life prior to now - but no question, he is a man of immense integrity.  I am a widowed 75yr old "little ole' lady", registered democrat and reading this was uplifting and made my heart smile.
 Written so someone that is not a practiced reader can easily read and understand the author.
 I became interested in this book by listening to James Comey's interviews.  He impressed me as a genuinely good and honest man.  Like the rest of us he has short comings and made choices that upon reflection would have had another outcome.  This being his first book, he has done an excellent job.  I hope that all will turn out well for him and his family and I am looking forward to his next book and project.
 Fairly well-written book. There were many self-reflecting moments that I emphasized with. Our self-serving, so called elected leaders, need to reflect and do what's best for all, and not their pockets and/or the few. Serve all publicly with moral conviction, so we can move forward as a great nation and heal as a society.<br/>As a former soldier, who served under both competent and ineffective leaders, the message on leadership is worth its weight in gold. Leaders lead without fear at its core; truth un-shackles all who are willing to listen even if it doesn't fit ones narrative.
 Fantastic book!  I was hesitant to purchase this since I initially thought that it would be just a book trashing Trump and empty of any substantial content, but that assumption couldn't have been more wrong.  The first 70% of this book is about Comey's childhood and career before the Trump administration, and illustrates lots of leadership lessons that Comey learned along the way: some that he learned from great leaders he had, some from lesser leaders, and some from his own mistakes.  When Comey finally starts talking about the Trump administration, even in his book he seems to try to remain neutral despite all of the hardships he had endured, further emphasizing how difficult and important it can be to always do the right thing.<br/><br/>Highly recommend this for anyone, regardless of your political leanings.  I can guarantee you will learn important lessons on leadership, integrity, and compassion.
 Should be read by all. Then you will be able to tell who has the most integrity and loves this country.
 You have to read this book.  Not because of political reasons.  In fact, the only way to read it is to try as hard as possible to set aside partisanship and the wild propaganda being peddled among some of the media and political organizations and just see James Comey for who he is.  An imperfect man who dedicated his life to upholding American values with an unwavering commitment to doing the right thing.<br/><br/>Yes, there is a lot of political stuff in this book because of the nature of who James Comey is.  However, it isn't a 'tell-all', there is no political agenda being served, and no, James Comey is neither sanctimonious nor is he a narcissist.  Get to know him through this book.  Listen to the life-long lessons he has learned about ethical leadership.  See that he is honest and genuine and that he is someone who answered the call and sacrificed very much because of his love for the United States of America and his commitment to do the right thing, no matter the cost.<br/><br/>Please, read this book.
 Even if you don’t like it, you need to read it. I don’t see human nature quite the same way as Comey at times, but I see that he’s honest &amp; patriotic, takes responsibility for his choices, and is crucial to understanding how Trump is the ultimate chicken come home to roost of politicians using fear to dupe susceptible, misinformed citizens into voting against their love of  Our Union under the guise of saving their country (aka their tribe) from trumped up “dangers”, leaving us open to a foreign power and a narcissistic leader, loyal only to self, tearing down sacred edifices under the banner of “draining the swamp”. That’s how we go from the frustration of bogged down bureaucracy to the depression of a rancid, decaying cesspool.
 Well -written discussion of leadership, especially when addressing the balance between confidence and humility.  The author also puts flesh on the bones of the bits and pieces I gathered from media coverage of the events he describes. I'm glad he wrote this book for many reasons. Great job. Thanks.
 Comey is articulate and thoughtful in his writing. Most of the book is not about Trump, but the highlights of his career. But for most of us, myself included, we wanted to know the “inside scoop” on his dealings with Trump and the 2016 election. If you been paying attention then you already know the basics, but now you will know Comey’s reasons for the actions he took which landed the most unfit person in the Whitehouse. I doubt any Trump supporters will read it. For those few who are still undecided about Trump, you may want to read this book. If you have any doubts about who the “lying scumbag” ( to quote Trump) this should lay them to rest.
 Pretty much what I expected. Comey did an excellent writing job.
 absolutely love it!!
 I tried to ignore all the takes from pundits who didn't read the book before commenting on it in the media. I'm glad I did.  Mr. Comey's honesty, integrity, and ability to reflect on his own imperfections definitely come through in this book.
 On time great book
 Provided a whole different view versus what has been portrayed in the media and Internet.  Thank you James Comey! Nothing but respect.
 If you are looking for a titillating expose on the Trump administration, this is not the book to read, or at least you can skip the first 75% of the text.  If you are looking for a story of how a person's moral and ethical development is applied in the real world, then this is the book for you.  I found A Higher Loyalty an excellent discussion of how life experiences shape and form the decisions that one takes in their career and personal life.  The book is well-written and engaging.<br/><br/>I will not rehash what others have already written in reviewing the book.  Here are a couple of observations:<br/><br/>- As someone active in and identified with the "left" groups beginning in the 1960s, my kneejerk reaction then was that the FBI was part of the evil empire, identified solely with the worst excesses of the McCarthy era, et al.  Through my personal relationships as an adult, growth beyond a them vs. us mentality in all things, I have come to understand the simplicity and error of that initial thinking.  Mr. Comey's book in particular demonstrates to me how someone with many of the same values I maintain can come to be a Director of the FBI.  Quite to the point, I think that if Mr. Comey were my next door neighbor we would get along very well.<br/><br/>- Having read A Higher Loyalty completely, I am unconvinced by the Trumpite et al allegations that the book, and Mr. Comey in general, are nothing but lies and leaks.  The credibility in these allegations are no more valid than the "fake news" response to everything the Trumpite ilk disagree.  My only response is that if the book is filled with lies and leaks, then the accusers should specifically, not just cite the specific instances, but also provide evidence that trumps that presented by Mr. Comey.<br/><br/>In sum, the book is a fantastic read on the life and career of the former FBI Director and how that prepared him to deal with the Trump administration.
 Though he doesn't always measure up to his own high standards of leadership, James Comet is very clear about what ethical leadership is. He gives the reader examples from his life experience and at times rises to that glorious height we all would wish to attain.  That said, two things are very clear. First, that Mr. Comey has been at the heart of many of the most controversial events of the last 20 years and in each and every case did his level best to insure his actions and the actions of the agency he loves so very much reflected the highest ideals of ethical leadership. Though reasonable people may differ about some decisions no one can dispute the effort to be honest, thorough, and clear. In fact to my knowledge no one has disputed the accuracy of any of his described events prior to his interaction with Pres. Trump. That leads me to the second point. The first 70 percent of the book established that credibility. In those remaining  pages Mr. Comey describes in believable detail interactions with the current president that are honest, thorough, and clear. What we have is a clash between and ethical leader and a leader who sees lying, manipulation, and abject personal loyalty as ethical.<br/>  I am glad Mr. Comet ends on an optimistic note, but I fear we will all be dragged though some darker times before things get better for this country.  I
 What we needed.
 Have not finished it yet. Kinda boring.
 I’m more sorry than I can say that James Comey was treated like this, but we’re lucky it was him - no one else could have stood up for America, truth and decency like he did. Trump sucks.
 Too much, sounds like throughout the book He is trying to convince the public He is so perfect.too much that way.
 Fantastic book by a great man. I believe this especially after reading the book and getting to know James Comey, thru his writing.<br/>I expected a good story but this book is an easy read with important information about history and our world today. I am only three chapters in but I am enjoying it so much I thought I should write a review, and encourage others to buy this book!
 Very honorable person who should be President
 What I liked about the book was the writing style-- Comey can definitely pull the reader in and give outstanding descriptive detail. The chapters on his work with the mafia, that evil "laughs" and "cries", was outstanding. The chapter where he describes the death of his son made tears run down my face. What I didn't like about the book was the outstanding hypocrisy and double standards littered throughout Comey's proselytizing. (based upon current DOJ IG investigations, this book will likely not age well.) I found the book to at times illuminate Comey's character to be of exceptional high integrity, and in other sections to be so profoundly and sickeningly partisan, radically self-centered and out-of-touch....frankly, the way he threw almost everyone he knew under the bus (with an innocent push) made me glad I never had to work directly with the guy-- he may be taking notes on the "white areas" under my eyes  (for individuals casually flattened in the road, see sections on Loretta Lynch, Bob Mueller, et. al.). In summary, the book left me thinking that his blackhole-sized blindspot is that his "higher loyalty" is really to His Royal Highness Jim. Which is fine, in many ways he is American Royalty.  Jim loves Jim, so what? I'm glad he wrote the book. Another alternative to reading this book is to simply Google "It's not about the Nail" and watch the video-- replace the female in this video with Jim Comey and you'll get the right idea of what Jim's real ongoing issues are.<br/><br/>It was hard to read this book and not imagine oneself as a therapist; Comey on a couch looking upward, ruminating on his glory days and best moments. I liked that aspect, as a reader. There is one part, in particular, that I found curious. Comey infers a meaning from Obama's expression when Comey announces to Obama how he plans to have a one-on-one with Trump re: the dossier. The insightful part of this, was that Obama, more likely than not, made that expression to Comey based upon how incredulous he was that Comey had decided to weaponize information in such a fashion. Comey's own defense of himself as "not a weasel" and "not sneaky" begin to sound like the-fired-Director-dost-protest-too-much. The big winner in this book is Obama, who comes across as the only truly sane guy in Washington DC, at that moment in time. The other winner in this book is every American who has bought into the sad twisted non-stop narrative that Trump is the anti-Christ. To everyone who has loves that propaganda, this book will make you feel really righteous and really good.  I would recommend this book to the right, and the left, alike.
 Comey ends this thrill ride of a political book with the image of a forest fire. If trump is the fire, the resulting new growth from civil society will bloom when he is gone. Best political book I’ve read in the last two years. Fast-paced, carries the ring of truth and integrity. If someone so close to the flames has hope for the return of sanity to this country, how can I not?
 I read this book in under 48hrs...it was fantastic. Well written and truly insightful..two thumbs up
 Fascinating read, I was sucked into the story and could not let go. A must read for anyone who follows American politics and wants to learn more about the workings of US government, DOJ and FBI. Comey is doing a great job telling his story.. Most amazing book I have read thus far.
 I bought this book for my daughter and this is her review: This book and it's author have become huge inspirations in my life. The book had genuinely funny moments and truly emotional ones as well. I found both rep and dem parties repellant during these last few years. Comey stood up and reminded us all to look above the politics to what is really important - truth respect kindness integrity morals and ethics. Mr Comey thank you for writing this book. Pls know there are people out there like myself that have been truly inspired by and believe your words and support you.
 Not at all what I expected. An interesting portrait of the FBI and of the author’s career. Well worth reading and I finished this book with a better understanding of this man whose fate it was to be the Director of the FBI in the strange 2016 election year. Agree with his decisions or not, he debated them internally and did what he thought was best for this country.
 If you haven't read this, you should. I've met Jim Comey, he's an honorable man and the book is very telling.
 This was a generally easy read. I see the author as a man who chose integrity in his personal and professional lives, and I believe his reports of his encounters with Donald Trump. He describes what we see on TV daily. Worth reading!
 Important book to read in the Trump Era. Honest assessments of  Comey's time in government and what it takes to be a truly great leader.
 Well written and very interesting.
 I really didn't care much for politics until the 2016 presidential election became a macabre sideshow of the American politosphere, yet I felt strangely compelled to read Comey's book. I really wanted to know what this guy had to say. He did not disappoint.<br/><br/>A Higher Loyalty is an engaging human portrait of your typical g-man in a blue suit, swinging from vine to vine between the public and private sectors, ultimately settling for the public sector (but don't hold that against him). Aside from the obvious discussion regarding the President, Comey offers a very unique viewpoint of the goings-on inside not only the White House, but also the Justice Department, vantage points that the average American typically does not get to see. Although the mafia and la cosa nostra parables he spins in the first third of the book are an obvious harbinger to what is coming, they lay an important foundation for understanding the "who," the "why," and the "wtf" of the enigma that our country elected to lead us.<br/><br/>Before I read the book, I had a feeling that James Comey was a genuinely nice guy trying to do the right thing and now that I have finished the book, my opinion is the same. I do believe he is a genuinely nice guy with the same hopes, dreams, and flaws as the rest of us. I'd definitely have a beer with the guy sometime and I sincerely hope that his life goes back to some semblance of normal. I wonder if he will write a "Part II" once this mess is all over?
 I was as impressed by the book as I was by the thank you that James Comey gave to the people with whom he worked at the FBI, before he testified before the Congressional committee. That thank you is the last 2 pages of the book proper. I was also impressed that when he gave the short announcement about the Clinton investigation being reopened, he chose wear a gold tie: neither blue nor red. Reading the book did not change my opinion of the current president, but it left me with more respect for former President Obama, of whom I had not thought highly.
 Comey sounds like a man well - qualified for, and well - spoken about, his career.  Makes you wish HE was president
 Clear, easy to understand. Good to hear or read TRUTH for a change.  We need more men like Comey in our government again.
 We have all recited the words as children, but as adults, to whom or what, do we "pledge our allegiance"?  Mr. Comey articulates his allegiances, and the principles that have shaped his professional life engagingly and articulately.  While taking us into the belly of the beast, he remains an ardent patriot, confident that the values he cherishes will prevail.
 This book is about much more than Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. In fact most of the book isn't about them. It is about ethical leadership. I'm grateful to Mr. Comey for having the courage to write this book. More importantly I'm grateful for his professional pursuit of truth and the importance he and DOJ and FBI professionals place on maintaining a reservoir of trust as independent agents in our highly partisan times. Many excerpts of this book will help illustrate key concepts in the AP Government class I teach.
 Insightful look into operations with the FBI. Plus interesting life experience anyone can learn from written in a interesting way.
 I sit wondering if my review is from personal bias or not.  I feel the author has given a very believable account when coupled to my recollection of events as they happened.  I find that I just can't wait for it all to be over.<br/>Everything in the author's life make him far more credible than POTUS
 Must read.
 James Comey has written a very thoughtful, insightful, and specific memoir to paint a poignant picture of a man of integrity, humility, and honesty. He shares his story through meticulous descriptions that prove there is no ulterior motive for this book other than to offer insight into the important work that he has done throughout his life.  If you are looking for "the dirt" on Trump, you will not find what you think.  In fact, all of the hype by the media is based on the last two chapters of his book, with Comey's description of his interactions with the president. I feel that he was heartbroken to have been fired (especially the way it came down) and wanted to acknowledge the good (honest) work he has done - dedicating his life to public service.
 I like that I have a book to read when I’m at the pool in my development. That’s the only time I read it.
 This was a good book from a very likeable author.  I thought I might be a little bored reading it but I wasn't at all.  It got my attention from the first chapter.  Very interesting view from the authors perspective.  Although there were a few times I didn't agree with the way he handled a few situations I found him to be honest to him self and his beliefs and experience.  I understand better how he came to reopening the Clinton email investigation that I believe led to her losing the election.  With that said I feel he did the right thing in letting the American people know that the FBI had to do the right thing to protect the institution of the Justice Department and that they weren't hiding anything from us.  There are some disturbing encounters with Trump and if I was Comey at the time I would have been terrified of the man that can never tell the truth.  So glad he took notes and wrote this book.
 This is an excellent book that everyone should read, regardless of their political persuasions. Listening to the media excerpts really doesn’t do this book justice. I found it truthful, accurate, and insightful. This really is a book about great leadership, honesty, honor, and love of country. I’m a former Republican, turned independent about 9 yrs ago. I did not find this book political, like some lead you to believe. Thank you, James Comey, for your service to this Country and for this book. I almost never rate anything, but felt compelled to rate this great book.
 This book is a huge gift to all of us in the U.S.  James Comey has written from his heart about what is truly most important to each and everyone of us in this democracy.  We've needed this man and his book to wake us all.
 James Comey's narrative ranging from his childhood to 2018 is riveting and believable.  He states facts and situations that were verified by notes written during and immediately after encounters.  In regard to certain actions that were deemed unfavorable he has cogent explanations regardless of the reading audience's point of view.  This book is essential reading for those who seek out true facts.
 Enthralling, honest and self-critical examination of a life lived faithfully in public service.
 An important message to all Americans, and when read with an open mind, it brings its message of the importance of truth, transparency, and doing the right thing to the reader.  It is well written and thought provoking.
 I really learned so much reading this book.it is about so much more than Trump. You will learn so much about the FBI and the government  and how they do and dont interact. He tells it in  personal format which makes it enjoyable to read.
 Im up late. This is so amazing and fascinating. He describes Mafia figures..people he worked for as a teenager...i feel like im there with him. Watching him try to escape bullies..at work...he is a decent man witn a strong moral compass. Im so happy he wrote this book. I feel a sense of hope.
 Like many others around the world who couldn't quite understand what happened, this book offers clarity. I find it very sad that someone with such integrity was treated this way. Thank you Jim for sharing your story with us. I wish only good things for you and your family.
 Incredibly readable book; hard to put down.  Very timely and interesting with expanded information on pieces you thought you knew everything about.  What a decent man.
 As a witness to history, it is important to have the perspective of this man at the center of the whirlwind.  I'm glad I bought this book and read it.  I am going to give more thought to the idea of confirmation bias, too, and try to look at current and recent events through the view of those with whom I disagree. Thank you for your service, Mr. Comey.
 Thank you for your sacrifices during this difficult time for the country, to both Mr. Comey and the Comey family. You wrote an enjoyable, educational, inspiring book. I’m sorry you were treated unfairly although it led to a book of the times. Students should have this as required reading in schools. I enjoyed it and bought copies for my family too. Hoping you will re-enter public service!
 In these very disconcerting times James Comey’s brutally honest book restores my values in truth and justice. I can only hope his words will resonate among the people of this country and they will see through the facade created by Trump and his “select group of advisors”. My hope is that truth will prevail in spite of the many efforts to suppress it.
 I found this book most interesting and compelling. As a non-American, I am flabbergasted at how this President has blindsided his supporters. He is a bully through and through. Yes James Comry stood up to him  and upheld his own principles. I admire you for doing this and committing it to history.<br/>Not only is the book well written but it shows your character and the honorable person you are. Unfortunately I can't say that about your President.<br/>I wish you every success
 As much as i was upset with the poll changes right after Comey's announcement about emails before the election, I can forgive that decision after reading this book and watching him on interviews- including Fox news where they couldn't grasp the big ideas that Comey put in his book. I think that I have a good person radar and he has it. If some think he is a bit confident about his morality, it might be that they envy that in him. He has paid a huge price in his life for doing the right thing and so it's OK to name that honor in him. If he was high minded and had a life of ease or chose to not to do the hard things, which he has done over and over, you could say it's easy to talk about morality when never tested or when never put yourself out there. But that's not the case here. James Comey, if you read these reviews, thank you for being someone I can point to when talking to my young adult kids as someone who does, in fact, still embrace honesty. You have no idea how much that means to me. Thank you. So refreshing and so desperately, desperately needed. Maybe you can run for president.
 Given the political storm and fury about James Comey and President Trump, I was pleasantly surprised to see that those issues were a small part of the book.  Comey has written more of an autobiography than a political expose'.  His childhood, his early schooling and social interactions and his history as a lawyer in and out of government give an interesting picture from his perspective of James Comey. He develops his arguments well and presents them frankly.  While one does not have to agree with his conclusions, it is a book of interest and well worth reading.
 Comey spends a lot of the first part of the book establishing himself as the character.  You come to understand his background from childhood all the way through his legal career up to his firing from the FBI by Trump.  It gives a good overview of the tough choices he faced and why he made the decisions he did.  Not as flashy as the book by the reporter, but has more substance to it.
 Many will be attracted to this book expecting to find dirt spilt on Donald Trump by his former Director of FBI. If dirt is what the reader perceives them to be, then dirt it is, but the value of this book is that it gives the reader a sense of balance as to who one would believe – Trump or Comey. This may sound strange to American readers because they are probably sure one way or the other with or without this book. Indeed, many non-Americans have strong views about Trump, but to those who would like to hear the other side, this book is essential.<br/><br/> Comey does not go straight into the entrée. He provides the hors d’oeuvre, then the appetiser, and a soup before he takes the reader to his relationship with Donald Trump. Like the well-trained FBI Comey is methodical and each part of the book is carefully crafted to lead the reader to appreciate the next part better when he arrives at that part. This is an account of how one man rose to become the director of the FBI, and the process that led him to understand the qualities of leadership. This is the main theme and the most inspiring aspect of this book.<br/><br/> Comey talks about his brush with a serial-robber/rapist when he was a child and how he was almost killed, and explains how those events shaped his life. He uses those events to explain how his character, based on integrity was formed. This becomes critical because when one compares his testimony against that of Trump, the reader needs to know who he should believe. In this regard, Comey does a brilliant job building his authenticity, using every episode that he recalls. One example is the incident in which he was visiting the ailing Attorney-General John Ashcroft in hospital when he learned that Gonzales was about to get Ashcroft to sanction things the Justice Department would not recommend or endorse, and Comey feared that Gonzales might use his secret service to forcibly remove him from the room. Comey, then with the Department of Justice, telephoned the then Director of the FBI, Robert Mueller, who then ordered his FBI agents guarding Ashcroft not to allow Comey be taken from the room ‘under any circumstances’.<br/><br/> So the print looks good on Comey, but cane we believe him? Print is cold. Many a knave can hide behind beautiful, alluring words. So I bought the audio cd version and listened to it as well. Comey read the book himself on the cd production. Listening to his voice may provide one a better gauge of the author Comey. One of the questions the reader might ask about the book, is, ‘Has he told the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth’? Listening to Comey may help the reader form his own view.
 I read this book the day it was released. I did the same with Fire and Fury and Shattered. I'm a left-leaning Ivy League grad who was less than happy with Mr. Comey's decision to reopen the e-mail investigation of HRC. I was shocked when Trump won the White House. So I approached this book with some skepticism. Despite what many people might think, this book is not all about Trump; he only finds his way into the last chapter or two.<br/>This book is all about Mr. Comey's career in law enforcement and prosecution. He tells vivid tales of his days chasing mobsters and white-collar crooks. He's open about his opinion of the many people with whom he interacted. Even though he's a Republican, he's not shy about expressing his dislike for people like Rudy Guiliani or his admiration for Barack Obama. He waxes philosophical in many places in the book, describing lessons he learned about integrity and transparency. This theme comes up repeatedly. Comey is a real Boy Scout in that he's by-the-book and ever mindful of the ethical implications of his actions.<br/>I suspect that most readers will be digging for Comey's views on Trump. Right after a couple of chapters on the e-mail investigation that were not flattering to Hillary, Comey launches into his experiences with the president-elect. He tells stories of Trump corralling him at meetings and even a private one-on-one dinner at the White House. He describes Trump's attempts to obtain loyalty pledges to him personally, and his requests to look the other way on Flynn. Mr. Comey has little enthusiasm for the sort of narcissism that Trump exudes, and he isn't shy about calling Trump a fraud and dishonest man. Trump-haters will like the characterization; Trump-lovers not so much.<br/>Mr. Comey convinced me that he is an honest man who considers the consequences and implications of his actions. I accept his rationale for the HRC pre-election announcement, and I certainly agree with his assessment of Donald Trump.<br/>Comey writes well. He is a clear thinker who puts his thoughts together carefully. He doesn't employ dense, stilted prose, preferring straightforward declarative sentences that are easy to digest. I didn't find myself having to constantly re-read a sentence or paragraph - his ideas were as clear as his moral positions.<br/>I came away from this book with a higher opinion of Mr. Comey than I had before I read it. And I don't mean to damn with faint praise; he is an upstanding man with a clear vision. Trump's supporters are going to have a hard time assailing this book because the author deals with facts more than opinion. I hope his message comes through.
 The honest and straightforward account of his life and work at the White House.
 3rd audio book purchased - just started; great read so far!
 I was pleasantly surprised at the scope and depth of Comey's autobiography. While the popular press has focused on few isolated references to Trump, this is a compelling and believable story of a life well lived with an honest and ethical foundation.
 What an amazing writer! Mr Comey manages to make a dry recounting of politics, manipulation and unethical  people something to stay up all night reading. I am so glad he decided to write this book to let us participate vicariously in the workings of the justice dept. and to understand current events.  For all of us who feel hopeless and helpless to make  our government better, he is a bright light of hope to look up to. I enjoyed this book immensely it is a six stars. The pen is mightier than the sword.
 This is an easy book to read.  I could not put it down, in fact.  James Comey gives us an insider view of what it is like to be an Assistant Attorney General and also the Director of the FBI.  I really appreciated seeing the political mine fields he often had to cross in order to do his job.  There is much more to the book than the chapters on his unhappy dealings with our current president.
 Fascinating insight into James Comey and his experiences in Washington. Anyone interested in or terrified by our current political climate should read this book.
 James Comey had an impossible mission against an immature dictator.  Good read but the facts and acts of this Mofia type of idiot make you sick.  What he and his rich friends, not to even mention the Russian meddling, is devastating to our Democracy.  Good luck to Mr. Comey and his colleagues and good luck to our country and the world.
 An excellent treatise on the art of effective leadership and the importance of integrity..  references to DT simply help to illustrate the message.
 This book gives me hope that there are people in government who are staying true to justice, honesty, and democracy. The criticism that Comey details salacious details about Trump is exaggerated. The majority of the book gives us insight into a brilliant public servant who loves his country, his job, and his family. He is human, debates mistakes he may have made, but it is clear his actions are always motivated by truth and goodness.
 This is a good, well-written book. I didn't expect it to be so easy to read, even though at times the subject matter was difficult and painful to absorb, especially the sections on torture. One important note is that this is not a book about Donald Trump, which would have been tiresome and boring. The president isn't even mentioned until the final chapters.<br/><br/>The core of the book is a memoir about James Comey's experiences since childhood that instilled the values of truth-telling, good leadership, and adherence to the higher values of the institutions of justice in our country. I particularly appreciated Comey's examples and comments about leadership, and the actions he undertook to show appreciation to workers at all levels of the FBI.<br/><br/>In one of the later chapters, Comey describes the difficult decisions he made about the Hillary Clinton classified email investigation and honestly acknowledges that some people may disagree with his judgement. I found his humility refreshing and his explanations understandable, even if his actions may not have been inevitable.<br/><br/>Finally, the end of the book delves into Comey's various interactions with Donald Trump, first as the president-elect and then as president. The revelations in this section of the book were partly known to me but to have them described more fully was both shocking and sickening. One new piece of information that struck me was that Comey kept copies of his contemporaneous memos locked up in his home to insure that they were preserved. This man was the director of the FBI but was concerned enough about the Trump administration's circumvention of the justice system that he felt he needed to protect himself. This is astonishing and troubling.<br/><br/>Comey also explains the circumstances in which he demurred to the bulldozer of Trumpian pressure and unreality (lies, alternative facts, la-la land). The idea expressed by some pundits that he was not a "profile in courage" when dealing with the president is insulting in my view. Although he doesn't say it outright, Comey implies that his failure to explicitly challenge the president had more to do with his wanting to keep a job he loved than with his disagreement and revulsion at what Trump said and did. This book is part of his effort to stand up and say something important to the citizens of America.<br/><br/>All in all, the book was a fascinating read and I would heartily recommend it to those who want to think deeply about leadership, adherence to the truth, and the dangerous shortcomings of our current president.
 This was a good book--very interesting.  It arrived promptly and in great condition.
 Worth taking the time to read.  Wasn't what I expected after hearing all the media hype.  Reading the "other side of the story" put things in prospective, not necessarily in a "political" way.<br/>For me, it was an important reminder of the values men &amp; women in the FBI have in order to enforce the rule of law.
 Everyone should read this book written by a true American patriot.
 We love the book
 Not a dull moment in this book.  Comey is a great writer,  and I'm thankful he gave us citizens this gift of understanding.<br/>Once anyone listens to his brilliant way of writing, (and in this case speaking) ...and conveying much of his life's story ... there will be a much better sense of what  the FBI stands for, and how the honest and devoted people who work there are on ONE mission:  to protect the people of the United States.  I have enjoyed this book so much.  'Thank you James Comey for this beautiful, and thoughtful gift to the public.'  I refer to the book as a 'healing balm' that was so sorely needed!  I  deeply appreciate having this opportunity to listen, learn, and gain even MORE respect for this former Director of the FBI.  Who ever dreamed we'd get to peek inside these Great Halls of Justice?
 We have followed a lot of this on the news each day.  The rhousandnyard walk after trump calls Comey to taking e his hands ans hug ?? Him was in agreement I h how i read his body language as he heard his name called.  You have *iven us hope for the future, with folk like you in government.
 A great read.
 The book is detailed, showing a  true patriot who basically got screwed by the worst President ever elected.  The recent news stories are  showing  that Comey told the truth, Trump is a liar.
 I write this with tears in my eyes as I mourn the death of what this country stands for. I thoroughly enjoyed reading and learning about a great human being. I find it incredible that after facing so much opposition in your quest for justice, you continued to serve your country when called upon. I regret that the FBI did not get to reap all the benefits of your leadership. I hope someone else in that department carries on what you started. I have to confess that after watching your interviews I was questioning whether or not I waisted my money by preordering the book. I highly recommend reading this book regardless of your political affiliation. If you ever run for office you can count on my support. This Country Needs People Like You In Office. God Bless You And Your Family.
 While I may not have made the same choices Mr. Comey did, thanks to his book, I can see his logic. His conclusions regarding the danger of public lying by the president and the complicity of all the other politicians reflect the opinions of the citizens of other democracies.  Most don't share his optimism for the future though.
 I really enjoyed this book. It gave me a completely different view of James Comey.
 I was surprised how captivating a writer Comey is. I was worried the contents were spoiled on TV by giving away too much. Not so! It’s not all about Trump (thank God) but more about the very interesting &amp; insightful life of a great man. Enjoyable read. I highly recommend. Comey’s honesty &amp; integrity shine through each chapter.
 Thought it would just be an "I was done wrong" type of book but fascinating details about the law, the FBI, the Justice Department, and our current problem.
 As I have only read about half of this book, this is a partial review. I find it to be very well written and entertaining. It is a memoir giving the author's take and reaction to numerous important events he was a witness to over the course of his career. Particularly fascinating is his account over the events involving a questionable NSA program called  Stellar Wind where representatives of Pres George Bush tried to get then seriously ill Atty. Gen. Ashcroft to overrule then Acting AG Comey. After Ashcroft said no, Comey relates how Ashcroft's wife (also a prominent lawyer) "Without looking at me, the two men turned toward the door. When their heads were turned, Janet Ashcroft scrunched her face an stuck out her tongue at them".
 I read this book as a Hillary supporter,  but tried to be non partisan.<br/><br/>This is a very good book that gives a lot more details than the media did on why Mr. Comey made the decision to release that Hillary was again under investigation.<br/><br/>I came away seeing Mr. Comey as a very non partisan,  honorable man, who believes in the rule of law
 Liked that he was honest.  But didn't talk about the<br/>FBI not having a brotherhood, like police and firemen. Everyday there's something going down<br/>around the White House!
 Very interesting book
 This book is thoughtful, methodical and absolutely necessary for today's Americans. Politics aside, Comey tells you ethical truths and submits to the idea that we need ethical leadership to reach our values in our lives. Read this book.
 In this book, James Brien Comey recalls key events in his life and explains, in frequently self-deprecatory terms, how they shaped him and his views on leadership and ethical behavior. He describes his management of the FBI in a way that seems very similar to "managing by walking around" -- the management style used by Dave Packard and Bill Hewlett, the founders of Hewlett-Packard. Be that as it may, one thing is certain: he was a good manager, and the claims by Trump and others of low morale at the FBI are farcical.<br/><br/>He also comes off well in the confrontation with Alberto Gonzales and Andrew Card over "Stellar Wind," an illegal NSA surveillance system of the G. W. Bush administration -- and so does John Ashcroft. Readers of this episode, in Chapter 6, will no doubt learn some details they hadn't heard before.<br/><br/>I got the impression that, despite his long experience with miscreants, he was somewhat at a loss when faced with Trump as his superior. That's perfectly understandable, and as we saw, he handled himself well overall. When it comes to his public statements during 2016 about the investigation of Hillary Clinton's emails, his explanation made clear to me the dilemma he faced. I came away understanding for the first time that he made the choice that was less bad.<br/><br/>In sum, this book is an easy read that will leave an honest reader knowing that James Comey is an honest man who has served his country well.
 It really is a career memoir, a reflection on the qualities of a great leader, and when Comey feels he measured up or fell short. All the stuff we've heard on TV re: Trump is towards the very end of the book. A fairly quick read although occasionally feels plodding. Overall, an important contribution to this very strange era in our history.
 Seems a bit too causal in writing style; I expected a more informative read.
 Thoughtful. Well written. First rate. A stand out when we are living in unprecedented historical times in America, coming from someone who went to great pains to document his 'bizarre' and brief encounter with this administration. He is a man with conscience, courage and integrity. As a nation we are well past partisan politics. This is about what would seem "the road less traveled" in a democracy that is being dismantled and damaged at an alarming rate. Comey is human and as such makes mistakes and possesses 'feet of clay' as we all do. But he is also self aware, cares deeply about what is important: is guided by a moral compass, strong character, ethics, truth and yes, a higher loyalty.
 excellent
 This is a very good book and very well written. Comey is FBI through and through, and he has dedicated his life to public service. Comey is not a "Trump hater," as many will no doubt allege, he is a truth teller. It was refreshing to read the truth about the Clinton e-mail investigations, and Comey's meetings with Trump. Comey is a thoughtful and deliberative man, and his description of Trump and his administration are right on the mark. No doubt history will validate Comey as an honest man with integrity and character, it will also validate his book as an accurate historical reference. History will also reflect very poorly on Trump, a man without integrity or character.Thank you James Comey for your service and for your book.
 I am so grateful that I read this book. I learned a great deal. It made me reflect deeply on the things that are important to me. It underscores that the things that are important to me are worth fighting for and that silence is not an option. Thank you, Mr.  Coney. Well said. Well written. You will not be forgotten.
 Worth reading.  While we already know a lot about Trump and H Clinton, the background fights over the national surveillance program with Cheney is very interesting and the fight over the legality of torture, again with Cheney is very enlightening.  Comey clearly does not respect or like Trump and that makes it hard for him to be fully objective, but he makes a compelling case for truth and integrity being essential in leaders and we all know that Trump has neither virtue although he is good at branding, sound bytes and selling visions of hope to the disenchanted.
 The insight into Trump's character is powerful and important to understand as our Democracy battles to survive. The importance of the three independent branches of the government as well as an independent press is brought home to the reader. An important book to read by those concerned about the dishonest and immoral track this presidency is following. I repeatedly asked myself what the fate of President Obama would have been if he had committed even one of the atrocities that has been Trump's practice. The book was also helpful in understanding why Mr. Comey took the steps he did in the Hillary Clinton e-mail investigation. Excellent read!
 This is what we all need to hear, thank you Mr Comey
 I believe Comey is an ethical man who made thoughtful and difficult decisions that will be  more universally seen as courageous and praiseworthy by future generations.  The values of truth, ethical leadership, and the importance of the separation of powers will survive the "forest fire" of Trump's Presidency.  I hope Comey will serve our nation again as an employee.  I also hope that Comey will continue to educate and advocate for truth and values based leadership as a private citizen beyond the book tour.
 For me this was not a dry read. Comey’s accounting includes an insight into life’s experiences. Childhood events that eventually lead to a respectfully humble dedication and passion to justice.  He worked diligently with Republicans and Democrats alike.<br/>It’s is good to be reminded with intelligence that nothing beats the patient adherence to good old fashioned police work. It was also good for it to have been pointed out how vast and multi disciplined the FBI is. They are not just a bunch of suits. They are real people with many different talents and aptitudes, all dedicated to truth and justice.  I very much liked getting this on kindle and getting the optional audio version.  Thank you Mr. James Comey for your public service I never knew I benefited from, &amp; thanks for the reminder and insight into what good leadership looks like as opposed to plain old bullying.
 Regardless of your political affiliation, James Comey's integrity is what this country is lacking.  He recognizes his own shortcomings and errors he made, yet I feel he truly wants what is best for the country.  The book is a straight forward account of his career and the two defining moments of his FBI career.
 The book showed what an amazing career Comey has had. He handled the Martha Stewart prosecution. He battled with the Bush administration over illegal surveillance of U.S. citizens and over waterboarding. The interaction with Trump had already been much reported, but it occupied a small portion of the book.
 Great Book!
 Very good book.
 Comey lays out his recommendations for achieving and achieving moral leadership.  He admits mistakes and uncertainty, and is quite candid about his self doubts.  This is not a "Trump smear" book, as is often suggested, but a memoir relating how Comey came to the conclusions and took the actions he did.
 Is it bad to say my favorite part of this book is the epilogue?  It is a more definitive picture of Comey the man than the rest of his memoir.  It is the truth and a great warning and promise to our future.  I am glad someone with his history of service to the country had the courage to show us how really off the wall this president is and what a struggle those who work in his administration have to stay under his radar while keeping America safe - from President Trump.
 Prior to reading this book, I held a very favorable view of James Comey and this view was only reinforced By this book. Mr. Comedy is a very honorable man and I thank him for his dedicated service to this great country.
 Interesting read.
 Excellent book - well written and very interesting
 very informative perspective. The information clarified a few questions, but I feel his opinion about being bias free ,is a self delusion. It seemed obvious that he did not like Hillary, but was fine giving G W and Cheney a due pass for just making  mistakes. Also little investigation was focused on 911, despite the torture agenda. It is not purposeful self delusion, he was clearly trying to be non biased. Perhaps he will look at these issues again with  fresh eye.
 Honest, real.
 This is a great read. I find Mr. Comey to be poetic, insightful, and likable. 3 things I absolutely did not expect from the suit on the television that, “did those things”.  Although I did not come away, after reading this, agreeing with a lot of what he’s done. I do respect him and why he did them (which is something else that I really didn’t expect).<br/><br/>As a black man raised on the south side of Chicago in the 70’s and 80’s. 7 foot white male cops don’t usually warrant a lot trust or respect but I think Mr. Comey is an exception.
 Excellent read and provides good insight to the flaws of President Trump. Come y is a surprisingly good writer. Hopefully people will take heed of his warnings.
 In the short time since this book went to press, we have seen Comey's predictions come to pass. Trump is unable to retain experienced leadership to run the United States. No matter how expert, every political leader who works in the President`s craven milieu is sullied and most are summarily discarded. My only hope is that Comey's prediction of the political good that will arise from this "forest fire" is equally accurate. We will know beginning in November 2018. I salute you, James Comey, and thank you for your great love of country and your caring respect for fellow travelers on the high road.
 I was very pleased with this book. The big takeaways I got from it:<br/><br/>Comey seems plenty likeable. This book doesn't read like it was written by a) a guy with an oversized ego or b) a political hack. The way that he talks about his family, and his wife in particular, really connects with me.<br/><br/>His explanation for going public with the Clinton email investigation does make sense. He also calls attention to some of the language he used during his public announcement and discusses it openly without defending it.<br/><br/>He helps clarify the severity of Clinton's use of a private email server, and tries to address why what she did wouldn't legally be considered "Gross Negligence" but could still be qualified as "extremely careless." He also remarks regretting having chosen that phrase, but provides a pretty fair rationale for having chosen it.<br/><br/>The book struck me as an authentic call to check ourselves and our ethics nationally. By contrast, Fire and Fury struck me as theatrical lambaste of the current administration. Don't get me wrong: I liked Fire and Fury a lot. I appreciate this book a great deal more, though, because it is without guile or flourish. I kept hearing Joe Friday saying "Just the facts, ma'am," as I read it.<br/><br/>Maybe that's a little unfair to Comey. His narrative still manages to be funny in a sheepish, often self-deprecating way.
 Didn't learn anything that already wasn't in the headlines by the time I got the book.  I admire Comey for his service, but he is a little pompous.<br/><br/>The background on his life, and how he became who he is is useful.  I'd recommend borrowing it from a friend.  It's not a book I'd ever read again.
 Although I highly recommend "A Higher Loyalty" for its tremendous contribution to history, I wonder why James Comey made so many mistakes in judgment along the way as head of the F.B I. Vis-a-vis Donald Trump with regard to telling the truth, there's no contest between Trump and Comey as this book is really set up to be "my account versus your account". One gets the impression that Comey is certainly believable, but burnishing his Boy Scout image is something the author does way too often. We get it....you're upstanding!<br/><br/>The most intriguing pages surround Comey's private dinner with Trump on January 27, 2017 at the White House. For those who say there's nothing new to learn from this book, read those pages again. I was struck by Comey's relating that evening and how much we learn about Trump not only from that dinner but how Trump never stops talking. I was also startled by the fact that Comey has never met Hillary Clinton!<br/><br/>"A Higher Loyalty" should be on everyone's book list. Of all the books that will be written about the Trump presidency, this is the first from an insider's look at the catastrophe at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
 If Comey was a professional writer, I would've given it a 4/5. For those who complained how long it took before Trump name showed up, Comey never marketed his book as him vs Trump - he marketed his book as a memoir of his life in law enforcement serving under 3 different presidents and how those 3 presidents compared when it came to leadership and their responsibilities in upholding the US Constitutions.<br/><br/>Overall, I thought it was well-written, the way Comey chronicled his life in law enforcement was interesting enough to draw me in and want to keep reading. He laid the background on how he became punctilious in truth-seeking and unwavering to political pressures; he articulated well of the various challenging situations he was in where tough-decision making was required of him and that no matter what he decided, he'd be attacked. Toward the end when he recounted his experience under Trump, in several places Comey called out how GOP or Republicans or Trump base was hypocritical and said that imagine if Hilary Clinton was the one committing such acts - I felt that was his way of apologizing to Hilary. While I now have a better perspective of the position he was in with regards to his "October Surprise" announcement and understand why he made the decision he made, I still feel he should NOT have done so: he wanted to protect FBI and DOJ reputation, well guess what? Their reputation are under attack now anyway. He was concerned that Hilary's presidency would risk being de-legitimized had the announcement come post election, well, Trump presidency legitimacy is in question anyway due to Russian interference, so what difference does it make as both presidencies are questioned of legitimacy for difference reasons?!<br/><br/>I appreciated that Comey wrote the book, allowing those who are normally not into politics and/or law enforcement system, to gain good insights into what goes on in law enforcement, and the protocols necessary to ensure FIB and DOJ have the ability to carry out their duties and uphold our constitutions.
 Very interesting ready as to what is currently going on with the President. James Comedy paints and alarming picture that is the Flawed Leadership of the Trump President...
 James Comey’s book, A Higher Loyalty, seems creditable to me. It has detailed facts and descriptions of events, some of them behind the scenes, his view of ethical leadership, and his rationale of decisions made. I have made this review a short one, because there's no need to restate what many reviewers have already said.<br/><br/>As a pastor of many years, I concur with Mr. Comey’s conclusions that leadership needs to show integrity by embracing truth and honesty. Perhaps this book will help in that regard.
 Great book! Trump sucks!
 It was hard to put the book down.  I likr the way Jim Comey writes.  It felt as if he was having a conversation direvtly with me.
 Great book and really sets forth the distinction between truth and what we have leading the country at this moment.
 This was fascinating to read because we are living through through the upheaval caused by the current occupant of the White House, a thoroughly deceitful human being. I would like to believe it when Comey says we will come out of all this stronger. I find I want to believe Comey and share his belief that ethical, honest leadership is possible, especially in our government. We have fallen so far from the ideals this country was founded upon. I have never felt so sad about the state of our nation or worried about its fate..
 Great book, fast shipment!
 I am thankful James Comey decided to write this book. The last election was difficult for me, I felt like voting for Trump was the lesser of 2 evils. I’m certain I was wrong after reading this book. It was important for me to not let tv pundits tell me what to think of James Comey. I watched his 60 Minutes interview and immediately bought his book. I am refreshingly confident of this man’s integrity and am profoundly sorry he is not still the FBI Director.
 These are difficult times for me personally and for much of the country as well.  I cannot come to grips with the fact that people in power, those in congress and in the senate, or cabinet members, do not use those platforms to speak truth to power.  Every one of those patriots knows the truth, knows that the person occupying the Oval Office is dangerous, knows that he is unqualified, that he is a pathological liar, yet they stay silent.  It is my great hope that current investigations will prove what most of us already suspect, that this president is guilty of many crimes, crimes for which at long last, he will be held accountable and this nightmare will finally end.<br/><br/>James Comey's book provides some measure of comfort that our democracy will survive.  The person in the Oval office, works every day to tear down our institutions, to undermine the media and to embarrass us on the global stage with his staggering lack of knowledge and decorum.  James Comey has shined a tiny light on this massive problem, please let everyone speak out, shine their own tiny lights and once combined, we can take back our country.<br/><br/>Everyone should read this book, it is excellence on paper.
 This was a great book, easy to understand by the common man.I hope James Comey will stay involved in public service. Grateful he was able to give this country a spark of hope, a must read.
 Heed this warning about the Trump mafia from this dedicated and honorable man. This is required reading. We should all be grateful to the FBI.
 Excellent info resource. Mr Comey is not only a revered public servant, his writing is  a work of art. Thank you so much Mr. Comey for bringing us these truths. Our democracy is at a dangerous place with the current illiterate conman in the WH.
 Since this book was written by an FBI Director, I expected an aggressive, hard-hitting book.  Instead it is a thoughtful, rational and at times a rather amusing read.  It changed my opinion of James Comey from a sort of bungler, to someone who's only fault may be, for some, that he thinks!
 I don't know what I expected, but I found Comey's memoir very accessible and engaging. Conversational, good stories and anecdotes, simple. Of course with his experience he probably has some skill in delivering dirt while coming off as your nice next door neighbor, but all the same I found his memoir to be thoughtful, at times humorous, and ultimately human.
 Captivating and informative
 I loved this book.  I think readers will get some valuable insights from reading it👍🏻
 Comey's book was surprisingly well crafted.  He gives one a sense of what moral lessons in his life led to his choices in dealing with the Clinton emails and his public disclosure of his interactions with Trump.  Whether you agree or not with his choices, I believe he provides an honest glimpse into his ethical leadership style.
 Great book
 Excellent read. Be afraid
 Loved Mr Comey’s candor!  Great book,
 Terrific reading , a page turning dramatic insight to the failures of elected officials and the trump administration Scary that this is reality
 A sanctimonious, self aggrandizing story of an egotist . I'm glad I read it but I wouldn't advise anyone else to waste their money.
 I think this book is very well written. James Comey is a true leader and someone we could use a lot more of. The final chapter is the only one where he talks about Trump. All the other chapters are about his life.
 Well done Mr Comey!! Wish I could get it signed by you. Oh, Trump is the biggest Douche-bag EVER!!!
 This is a great book!
 The best!  Finally, a book that leaves one hopeful in these crazy times.  James Comey is a model of integrity.
 Very well written.  This book helped clarify some issues but also added to myself concern for our country. I was impressed that Mr. Coney gave credit to the people who helped shape him into an honest, caring man and his colleagues. Our country is worse for not having Mr Coney in the FBI.
 The focus of Director James Comey's book was in what ethical leadership looked like, and how he tried to model it as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. He served under an ethical president, and under our current president who couldn't define ethics if you gave him a copy of Webster's dictionary. It was ironic how Comey's career started by dealing with mob bosses, and ended by working for one in the oval office,
 Could hardly put it down. So refreshing to hear the whole story shared with honesty, humility and courage..... and humor. The image of speaking with President elect Trump on the phone about his depravity in Moscow while gazing at the Washington and Lincoln monuments... wondering how did we, as a country built on such inspired principles, get HERE??? This man? President? He echoed a countless number of stunned patriots.
 In my house, we compare James Comey to a "Dudley Do Right." He absolutely prides himself on doing what is "right" even if it upsets people. When Comey reopened up the investigation of the Clinton emails again 11 days before the election, he was operating from a place where  everything pointed to the fact that HRC was going to win the election. I believe he feared that the Republicans would go berserk if they thought he had hidden this new email discovery, and that is why he reported it. AND HE WOULD HAVE BEEN CORRECT!!<br/>When everything is weighed in and we know the whole story about what happened to defeat HRC, the Russians, the Russian bots, Julian Assange, Facebook,Twitter, and Cambridge Analytica will all be considered the bigger reasons why she lost.<br/> After all, she did win 3 million more votes, and only IN AMERICA can you win 3 million more votes than your opponent in a Presidential Election and still LOSE. I am enjoying what I have read so far, and may add to this review when I am finished. I, for one, am glad he wrote this book!
 Interesting read.  Comey got screwed by Herr Drumpf.
 No matter your politcs it is very apparent that Mr. Comey has an ability to elevate above the immediate controversy and provide an optimistic pronosis for the future.  Thank you Mr. Comey for your service and  leadership during these tumultuous times.  You provide an important call to action that i hope people will act upon in upcoming elections.
 very detailed, well-thought through. very interesting.
 Deeply thoughtful, articulately reasoned, and immensely illuminating narrative of the whys and wherefores of John Ashcroft, Stellar Wind, Scooter Libby, Midyear Team, AND the elephant in the room.  I think it’s very helpful to listen to Comeynarrate the book, as it adds weight, and nuance to his words. The epilogue alone should be mandatory reading.
 A Most enlightening and well presented view of Truth.
 Love it!
 The book was interesting. Mr. Comey seems sincere in his beliefs and thoughtfully explains why he made the decisions that he did.  At times he comes across as a little full of himself but that's part of what makes up his personality.  My only issue with this book (btw does not keep me from recommending it) is that I personally do not enjoy reading about someone's personal observations on another person's appearance.  I'm definitely not a Trump fan but its beneath Mr. Comey's dignity to mention hand size or skin coloring.  Trump has seriously major flaws in other areas that far outweigh his appearance.  It seemed petty amid what is a thoughtful recounting of his life in the service of our nation.
 Okay
 This is a book about Leadership.  Dignified, respectful, faithful and value-centric Leadership.  It should be required reading for everyone in an MBA program or seeking a business degree -- maybe we will have a better United States of America if our future leaders read it.  God knows the present ones need to read it also!
 Was not a Comey fan in July  2017. Good explanation here of his reasoning then I went from  liking to truly admiring. There is beauty in truth.
 Although much of the book has been discussed on various news medias, it is imperative to read it to put all that noise into context. If there is anything "wrong" about the book, it might be that the author presented himself through his ego as much as his knowledge and experience. The "ego" is a minor distraction, as any autobiographer is ultimately presenting themselves. But there is nothing in the book to disagree with, unless, of course the reader is prejudiced, ignorant, and politically beholden to the Republican party's agenda at the cost of honesty and truth...and thus as much a liar and denier as he President.
 An excellent book, written very eloquently! One can quickly understand how a man of principal and integrity reasons and behaves.
 How do we determine truth? Truth isn't proven by yelling and screaming at others. It isn't proven by firing those who disagree with you. It is proven by facts, by documentation, by a history of honesty.<br/>This book isn't full of histrionics. It isn't flashy or gossipy. It is almost dull, but it keeps you turning pages because you know the author has something important to say. He says it calmly and plainly.<br/>His descriptions and his words make you think, make you question, make you want to know more. The book makes you want to get more info, more details. Director Comey is believable. Believable.<br/>Let's hope his faith in our government, his idealism, his belief that America is strong enough survive this upheaval is what most Americans also have.<br/>In spite of his high level jobs, his knowledge of the negatives of government, James Comey seems like an average American, like you and me. He is believable.<br/>A must read book.<br/>God bless America.
 Have not always agreed with Comey but I understand the logic behind his decisions.
 James Coney tells the story of his career with transparency and humility. He talks openly about his personal flaws.  He is thoughtful, level-headed and respectful. He has prosecuted members of organized crime families and others who think the law does not apply to them.<br/><br/>What a sharp contrast to the person who fired him and lied about the reasons for doing so.
 James Comey has written a great book.  Funny, sad, insightful.  A true patriot who tried to do the right thing for America.
 Enjoyed James Comey book. Read it on my Kindle in one day. I thought it was well written and I take it as truthful and at face value.
 Truth in disclosure, I have been a fan and supporter of Hillary Rodham Clinton for a long time, even the Presidential primary that had her oppose Barrack Obama.  Now  I am a also fan of this book and James Comey.  How can that be you ask?  You must read the book.  It's that simple to understand why.
 Life stories about leadership with integrity.Great book. Easy read.
 If you follow the news, this is a must read accounting of events surrounding the current president and the firing of Mr. Comey.  In my opinion, Mr. Comey is a decent, honorable man and an inspiration to the FBI.  He is simply another in an ever-growing list of those who have become the victims of the slime ball who currently occupies the White House.  Very well written and difficult to put down until the end.
 Be speaks truthfully and honestly.
 Very informative.  Better understand how three FBI &amp; law enforcement operates.  Vey good read
 I couldn’t agree more with Jim Comey’s insistence that we all owe a “higher loyalty.” His riveting story appears fully truthful to me, and I deeply applaud his speaking out so not as to be complicit by silence, a “disease” afflicting far too many good people today, in government and without.
 It's not a literary masterpiece, and there's very little new information that hasn't already been covered in the news and many interviews, but this is nevertheless a worthwhile read. What comes through vividly is Comey's basic decency, and his commitment to a set of values that supersedes politics and personal ambition. It was a comfort to realize how many decent people there are in the institutions of our government, working hard to preserve those institutions and their values.
 I knew Comey was a man of integrity and the book proves it. He gives a comprehensive overview of personal and professional history. He explains the Hillary dilemma and interjects humor throughout the book. He is a man of honor with a commitment to his job and country.
 I've heard it called a "tell all" book, but it's not...it's more of a "tell all I can without revealing classified information that the FBI wouldn't want me to reveal" book...It's primarily a case study in integrity...he is an honest man, who admits to some mistakes in his life (which most people have a problem doing), and doesn't necessarily even think some of the things he said or did may have been the best to say/do, but what he thought was the right thing to do, all things considered, at the time. He's so candid, in the book, and in the subsequent interviews, that he's even willing to say "I don't know" when asked hypothetical questions, or whether or not he was seeing things in the proper perspective. But he is also fairly confident in his judgement - and I would put forth that people like Comey, who spend most of their lives doing the kinds of jobs he had, typically have great judgement...they consider many angles/perspectives/arguments before making important decisions...and the way he interacted with people above and below him in rank is very telling...he's got something called "humility" which is in pretty short supply, these days...and if there were any real falsehoods in this book, there would be legions of people who could (and, no doubt, would) come forward to call him out on them. As to the people who say it's full of lies, I've seen no legitimate attacks on the truth in the book - because it IS the truth...the consistency, over time, in what he noted contemporaneously, testified to in front of congress, wrote in the book, and has stated in many interviews since then, stands witness to that...
 This is an in intimate look into the life and forces that shaped James Comey.  I had a better understanding of the man and his motives after reading this book.  While I may not agree with everything he did, I find his explanations clear, reasonable, and carefully measured.  He promotes and exemplifies character traits that we used to take for granted in this country.  Definitely worth reading.
 very true about Trump
 This is a great read! Thank you for writing it...
 James Coney comes across as a credible, honest, humble, and truthful writer. He chronicles his early years in public service as well as more recent service. He consistently reveals what makes a great leader while also documenting what constitutes flawed leadership. If you read his memoir with an open mind, you will learn a great deal about our Justice Department as well as the FBI. I appreciated this book as well as James Comey for his candid work and his public service. I wish him well and am sad he no longer is part of the FBI. Great reading for those willing to listen.
 This was a very informative book.  I had a lot of questions that were answered.  I applaud Mr. Comey for the job that he did as Director of the FBI and I am ashamed that his career was cut short by the vitriol that accompanies this administration.
 Better book than I expected.
 Powerful book. We need more people like Comey in this country to stand up against the unraveling values. He is not perfect and doesn't claim to be. But he builds a solid case from his experiences of what constitutes a moral and effective leader, and he clearly has the intellect and experience to speak as an authority on this topic. The audio book is also presented in his own voice which helped in conveying his stories with authenticity. Thank you Mr. Comey for your many years of excellent service to our country and for publishing this book.
 good reading
 Stephen Colbert said “I like the author of this book” while James Comey wa sitting in front of him. I agree.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-RNQLP9UT7FLMV"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1LCzD3cWhS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91CxNNgkyWS.png"/> A fascinating view of an insiders perspective of balancing politics &amp; policy. The book captures the complexity of trying to do the right thing when forces push you in other directions. It also confirms many of the portrayals of President Trump by someone who worked with him. I would recommend this book to any student of politics.
 This book is more about integrity, doing the right thing based upon your moral fiber, and ethical leadership. It doesn't even go into the current admin until the last couple of chapters. The majority of it is re-tracing his life and career, with detailed insight into the two previous administrations, since he has worked with all of them, including the current one. Definitely recommend.
 Bought is for my wife.  She loves it.  And, now me.
 I'm biased, if you will, bc I happen to think many things about our Pres. Trump, but I don't hate him as so many on the left seem to. I purchased Comey's book bc I wanted to determine if he had anything more to say than to bash Pres. Trump and tell how blameless he was during his appt. as Special Counsel. Nope. Not much else that I could determine. The lefts' basic treatment of most political matters, and seems Comey is following this premise, is that when in doubt, bash Pres. Trump. And they seem to be right since even if it's off track, come out with a slur with Pres. Trump at its center and you become a hero in their eyes. It would be nice if they all could stop hating and start supporting a bit more. Some good things are happening in this country and, altho I had thought Pres. Obama had ruined us for the foreseeable future, thank God I was wrong. Pres. Trump is regaining some of our honor that was formerly given away freely and, I believe, with malice aforethought.
 One of the best books I've read this year. Quite frankly couldn't stop reading and stayed up till 3am. The media is portraying this as score settling with Trump and are focusing on all-things-Trump. And yes, to a certain degree the book is about settling a score, but it's done in a very logical, thoughtful, and honest way - there's nothing nasty about Director Comey's words, they are very factual and grounded in a lifetime of judgment shaped by an exemplary career in the Department of Justice and, later, the FBI.<br/><br/>It's that career that makes the book so interesting - Comey talks about his time in New York prosecuting mobsters, working for Rudy Giuliani, and eventually interacting with both George W. Bush and Barack Obama. Most importantly, the book is about exactly what the titled says - ethical leadership. I've been interested in leadership topics for years (hah, I even wrote my thesis about it) and I find Comey's observations and thoughts on ethical leadership very insightful. His view of President Obama is mostly high praise. He generally has a warm view of President Bush, but not so much of his administration.<br/><br/>As for the bit that made Comey a household name for the first time - Clinton's email investigation - he explains fully why he did what he did. I fully understand where he was coming from and fully understand the choices he was faced with. It was an impossible position to be in, however I still think he made the wrong choices - at times it feels that he was protecting primarily the institutions he served (DOJ, FBI), rather than the country as a whole. One can easily argue though that the integrity of those institutions is the fabric of the country, hence making Comey's choice from late October 2016 much more justifiable. Either way, as he says it himself, his choices were "catastrophic" or "real bad" and hence he went with the least bad option.<br/><br/>Overall a fantastic book about leadership and I almost wish it would have been written by someone less controversial so that the important points could stick, rather than the media focus being on "Donald Trump having an orange face with white circles under his eyes, most likely coming from a suntan bed". That being said, here's a few nuggets of wisdom I picked from the book:<br/><br/>* Doubt is wisdom. And the older you are the more doubt you start carrying with you and fewer things in life seem certain.<br/>* Ethical leadership is about serving a higher value - truth, honesty, etc.<br/>* Importance of a sense of humor in leadership. Exhibited by Obama, exhibited by Bush (though sometimes his humor was "belittling"), and apparently not exhibited by Trump.<br/>* Differentiation between "Washington listening" and actual "listening". Apparently President Obama was very good at focusing on the other speaker and truly listening rather than just waiting for his turn to speak.<br/>* There's an interesting view on Google and Apple and their privacy debacles, specifically whether they can offer default highly-secure encryption of their devices effectively curbing efforts from investigators to browse through content of a suspect's device. Very interesting how he says that the FBI's (or law enforcement's) view on this will be dramatically different from Silicon Valley companies' because of how different our daily lives are. Tech workers deal daily with "user experience", "making the world a better place", or just instagramming their food. The FBI deals with the darkest and shadiest corners of our society.<br/><br/>Again - highly recommended. Very strong 5/5.
 Refreshing!
 I just finished Jim Comey's book, A Higher Loyalty, Truth, Lies and Leadership. I ordered the book but didn't really want to read it. Everyone on both sides of the aisle tend to have strong opinions about Comey. He cost Hillary the election in the eyes of the Democrats. I don't know why the Republicans hate him but Trump fired him and that led to all kinds of things.<br/><br/>When I heard people on television talking about his book, they focused on comments he made about Trump's hands, hair and all such things. I thought he was just as bad as Trump to write about personally insulting things. I thought Comey should probably shut up and enjoy retirement. I also figured he was just out to make money promoting his book.<br/><br/>I made myself open the book. Once I started reading it, I had trouble putting it down. It truly was incredible. He talked about his early life with his family and things that happened that led him to his professional career. It gave insights into working with Presidents Bush, Obama and Trump. It was incredibly interesting.<br/><br/>I walked away from this book thinking Comey is probably one of the most honest and most ethical persons who has ever existed. Seriously. I don't think this man has the capacity to lie. He has been heavily criticized for his judgement but I think he did what he thought was right and what was in the best interest of the of the country as he understood it. I forgive him for the mess about Hillary. Perhaps he did not make the best decisions, but after reading the book, my mind was put at ease. I understand the decisions he made at every point now. I also now agree with his decisions.<br/><br/>The book is about leadership but it is not boring or technical. It is inspiring. While Comey knows what we all know, that the country is a mess right now, he offers comfort and hope that feels real to me. He described how a forest fire that destroys also leads to renewal. It is the first time I have felt peace since Trump walked into office. I can forsee life after he leaves office. Our country will heal and be stronger. I think candidates of both parties will have words like kindness, integrity, compassion, us, and together in their speeches in our next election.<br/><br/>I never thought I would think it or say it, but I really admire and respect James Comey. His ethics and his moral code are reflective of our our founding fathers. While he may not have a lick of political sense, he has something far beyond that. It was refreshing to to read and absorb his words.
 Legend, we love him. He wrote an excellent book and is 100% credible throughout. You never feel once he mislead you. He could have left the small hands comment out, but the book was brilliant...just as the person James Comey is. Professional all the way
 It confirmed quality of leadership and staff support that I have always practiced.  Personal growth
 It was a good read!
 An impressive first draft of history, this memoir will be part of the essential record when scholars and history finally begin to make sense of this turbulent time in which we live. For now, we have the record of this man......
 I chose to upgrade my Kindle version to the audible version.  Mr. Comey narrated the book himself and it gave more insight than just reading the words.  A good honest account in my opinion.
 This book gave me a greater understanding of James Comey and his reasons for the decisions he has made in his life.
 I was surprised by how much I enjoyed reading Comey's book. He's a very good writer, and the anecdotes were quite engaging. I had mixed feelings about Comey before reading the book: I thought he sunk Hillary's campaign on purpose. I thought there were weird political movements going on in the FBI that caused him to do this for political reasons. But I felt that he explained this period adequately and I'll put that so-called scandal to rest.<br/>I was most struck by how loyal a law enforcement professional Comey is. His eloquent descriptions of his service, his feelings about his work were inspiring. I teared up many times: this man should not have been fired, at all. And it's extremely frustrating knowing that the biggest liar in history seen had the audacity to fire this man out of his own desperation. It's a shame, but I'm sure Mr. Comey will continue to do great things.
 This is a very sad but important message that needed to be told. Thank you James Comey, for having the courage to be that messenger. Your honesty and integrity are inspiring.
 This is a hard book to put down once you start reading it.<br/>James Comey tells mostly the story of James Comey. It is a story of where he came from , how he grew up, his hopes, dreams and aspirations. He paints a picture of a bright, intellectually curious student who decided to become an attorney.  He comes across as being a "good person", a person full of integrity , honesty - exactly the type of person who would make a attorney period and who went on to become a good US Attorney and eventually what I consider to be one of the best directors of the FBI that we have had since the office was established. Reading the book you will get an understanding of the history of the office and you will see that many of the players still at work in Washington have been there for a while. You will learn the value of experience and see why we need an FBI director to have a 10 year tenure.  You will also learn how the Director of the FBI and the FBI itself has to be at arms length from the Presidency. The book also increased my respect for George Bush .  ,Comey, Bush and John Ashcroft  butted heads hard on the legality of the NSA Stellar Wind  programs but at the end of the day Bush accepted the FBI's honest appraisal of the program and instituted changes to insure that the Bureau could declare the program as conforming to the law.  Comey's book provides an excellent education into the workings of our Government and in particular the FBI - it enlightened me in many regards. I was surprised to learn that since the position was created there have only been 7 FBI directors.  Comey comes across as sincere and knowledgeable and doesn't seem to have any ax to grind.  Reading this book felt very similar to reading another book written by a person who was associated with the FBI - the book is "Debriefing the President - the interrogation of Saddam Hussein".  It reminds me of that book because of certain things that come through from both writers - they were both after the truth and both described an FBI where finding the truth , being honest , ethical and fair was part of the culture.  I am mostly through this book and will update my review shortly. This book is well worth reading. I can find no constructive criticism for the book or the author's effort. Having finished the book I have not changed my opinion about the book or the author, but I believe that Comey erred when he went back to Congress within a week of the election to give notice that other evidence had been found. At the time he went back nothing had changed - the FBI still did not have any information that would have altered his previous report to Congress that an examination of Clinton's emails had found no evidence of any action on her part that could be grounds for a prosecution.  I believe that at this point he should have erred on the side of caution and waited for more information before going back to Congress.  I believe that his going back to Congress probably swayed the election.  If Comey would have waited he would have had all of his questions answered in a few days and would have been on completely legal and ethical grounds to not go back to Congress about the Clinton email investigation until after the election.  I know that Comey had the authority to do what he did , but I don't believe that he had any obligation to do what he did.  I also know that he was between a rock and a hard place - he had no clear idea how long it would take to go through all of the emails and I also realize that at anytime a leak could have alerted the public that a warrant had been issued to search for more Clinton emails.  I believe that his actions were in error.  As I said previously - I really enjoyed this book.
 Comey's book is well written. As a child I recall watching The FBI files every Friday night. We had our first TV when I was in the third grade. After the FBI story we always heard a commentary on the purpose of the FBI or an explanation of its function. I sensed the same suspense in reading A Higher Loyalty and I not only appreciated the lesson James Comey wanted me to grasp but his intention in sharing each chapter. Comey has enough to be angry about but he is obviously not eaten up with anger and if you are interested in this stage of our history then read his story. It is interesting and does not favor either democratic or republican diehards. He gives examples of truth, lies, and leadership and he has firmly explained how to tell the difference.<br/>Grace Johnston-age 74
 Most media reviews of Comey’s book that I have seen compare Comey’s version of events with Trump’s and evaluate Comey’s work as a political intervention. This misses the point of the book, which is that for American democracy to survive, we must have institutions like the Justice Department and the FBI that hold themselves outside of politics and remain committed both to a belief In truth and to the task of finding the truth.<br/><br/>Comey makes this point through telling the story of his own life and evolution as a leader and member of the law enforcement community, including hard lessons that he learned through participating in bullying and letting his ego rule on occasion.<br/><br/>He is even-handed and compassionate in his description of people he has worked with, yet he also pulls no punches, shown by the fact that although he was appointed by a Republican, he does not always think highly of the Republican leaders with whom he has worked.<br/><br/>Some have said that Comey comes across as self-righteous. I don’t find that in the book. I find instead a man who is aware of his own humanity, who strives to be a good man and a good leader while also being aware of how easy it is to fall. To set high standards for oneself and others, to seek to act with integrity and to demand that others in public office do the same, to be unafraid to call out people who are violating important moral, political and social norms - that is what I call moral courage. We can’t wait for the man or woman without flaws to make that clarion call. I am grateful that Jim Comey did not wait but wrote this book to share his important perspectives and experiences in government.
 It restored hope that men of honesty, integrity, and courage still exist in the USA.  His family can be proud!
 Excellent read! Normal Americans new Trump was a worthless piece of garbage. Director Comey just confirmed it.
 I found Mr. Comey truthful on his recap of the behind the closed door meetings with the president and staff.
 Love this book.  Although I already know the kind of man we are unfortunate to have in the white house. This book will reinforce and provide more justification as to why we need to make sure to vote in November and in 2020.
 This is a well-written book, most of which details JC's long and impressive career. The book homes in on Donald Trump on p. 211 of its 277 pages, but there is no doubt that the specter of Trump looms over the entire text. Consider the dedication to the Department of Justice and the FBI before the book even begins: their commitment to truth "keeps our country great."<br/>As the book builds toward JC's interactions with Trump, vignettes from Comey's life foreshadow his analysis of Trump. Comey was bullied as a child and became a bully himself, so he knows about that. As assistant US Attorney in NY, he investigated and prosecuted the Mob, so he knew about that and was able to draw his now famous portrait of the Trump presidency as a political version of Mafia culture; the Martha Stewart case foreshadows a lying president.<br/>I wasn't as put off by his description of Trump's physical features as others have been. I noticed that he painted mental pictures of many of the individuals who parade through his life and book. They're bald, short, have salt-and-pepper hair, etc. Comey mentions his uncommon height several times, even noting twice that his knees brushed up against the big desk in the Oval Office. What was a bit off-putting were the several references (four? five?) to the "fully-armored black Suburban" that JC rode in.<br/>It was interesting to be reminded of law enforcement cases that Comey was intimately involved in before entering into the public gaze as director of the FBI: the Mafia investigations; the Martha Stewart case, the clandestine Stellar Wind intelligence gathering program; the John Ashcroft hospital drama; the Bush 2 torture program, etc.<br/>As I read all this, the suspicion slowly grew on me that the book really wants to make two points. The more obvious one is to unmask the Trump presidency for what it is. The second is more subtle and is only revealed, literally, in the book's final words. In the Acknowledgments at the end, JC thanks various folk "for the joy and the journey, which isn't over yet." What could that mean? What it means is that JC has political aspirations and that his book is a kind of campaign biography. I wouldn't be surprised to learn that he is running for higher office at some point.<br/>Every reader will also come away from the book with some idea of James Comey the man. On the whole, he struck me as intelligent, hardworking, honest, and a dedicated patriot. There was also something else that struck a chord. His mother (who is never named; you have to look for her under "mother" in the index and not earlier under "C" where seven other Comeys are listed) kept in her dresser drawer for 50 years a note the young James wrote to her after some transgression. "I am sorry. I will be a great man someday." This is what his mother expected to hear. "Starting when I was a little boy, she told me how much was expected of me." What a burden to carry. More than a few times in his career, Comey regretted not saying or doing what he later thought he should have said or done. On these occasions he seemed emotionally hamstrung, afraid to take a step that might be a stumble on the way to an impossible goal. In other instances, he did act boldly, but perhaps not wisely, to validate his greatness. When some of Hillary Clinton's emails were found on Anthony Weiner's laptop, JC pondered what to do days before the 2016 presidential election. He writes that he had two choices, two doors, one marked "Speak," the other marked "Conceal." He had to be a man of action, he had to make a choice. As he mulled his choices, he missed seeing the third door, the one marked "Wait." Temporizing, stifling the urge to be great in a difficult historical moment, and honoring FBI custom in the run-up to the election might not be the hallmark of a great man of action, but it would have been the best choice and, in light of what was found on the laptop, ultimately the right choice.<br/>There's a bit of the tragic figure in JC.
 Sure this book has a point of view not everyone will share. Sure there are other stories that intersect with this one that matter. But the two main points of this book are undeniable:<br/>1) things go better when we all work for something larger than, or at least different from, ourselves; and<br/>2) Mr Trump's ignorance, arrogance, racism, and radical narcissism are doing unique and unprecedented damage to our country.<br/>At best it will take decades to restore normal democratic processes to the US.
 I was concerned about reading this book. Worried that it would focus only on the Trump/ Comey period or the Clinton emails.<br/>But I am thrilled that I read it.<br/>James Comey has written a powerful, important, book. It is a must read.<br/>He eloquently describes the work he was involved in, from mob bosses,  to a heroic saga involving the bush administration. Finally discussing why he pursued the investigations that led us to where we are today.<br/>Through it all, he is a lone voice in the wilderness calling for a return to our values and away from the course this country is on<br/>I was not a Comey fan. But now I have deep respect for him.<br/>Two other pluses:<br/>*He’s a talented writer<br/>*He narrates the book himself and he is also a talented story teller .. literally and figuratively.
 This was a great book. Comey discussed important American beliefs that are consistent across party affiliation, such as honesty, integrity, and respect for our institutions. It wasn't a book focused on bashing Trump, but probably wouldn't have been a book had Trump not attacked out democratic institutions. It is with reading regardless of party affiliation. I don't agree with everything he did, but I respect his honesty and integrity. James Comey is a true American Patriot and hero.
 I almost didn't read this after the selective and crappy excerpts that flooded the media. They were an example of Cliff Notes gone bad. You'd never have guessed the depth and scope of Mr. Comey's experiences from the reviews. His journey is interesting and his place in key historical events is fascinating.<br/><br/> What surprised me most is that I found in James Comey a person I liked and respected and admire. I don't do much admiring because I recognize that all people have feet of clay. He documents his stumbles and makes a few in this book. His narrative is simple, direct, and compelling. The FBI and this country are the worse for his firing. I applaud his courage and conviction - even when I disagreed with his decisions. True leaders in service to the public listen to their guts, but act upon the rule of law and within the scope of their legal authority. And we all have limits. Even POTUS. That's how we've kept this country together for over 241 years.<br/><br/>Like Mr. Comey, I've weathered many storms in my journey through public service. Radical changes in Administration's policies or Congressional mandate have routinely meant that after spent years building something, we've had to to dismantle it overnight or simply abandon it, leaving the people we serve stranded with promises broken. Public service in the Executive Branch is not for wimps.<br/><br/>He tells the story of true public service. We are loyal to a higher calling and to the rule of law even when deeply conflicted.  We must and do subjugate self to service and often make enormous sacrifices to time with our family and friends. And as a general rule, we are not allowed to speak to defend ourselves or our programs. We are a handy scapegoat and well worn punching bag. We implement terrible polices and poorly conceived and badly written laws and absorb most of the blame. We are roundly and frequently criticized for stupidity and incompetence in doing so. And now, to our great amusement, we are alleged to be the Deep State.<br/><br/>SIDEBAR: Dear Citizens, Your pockets are being picked by politicians and campaign contributors while they distract you with fantasies and criticism of our incompetence while doing what they demand of us. FOLLOW THE MONEY.<br/><br/>So, my appreciation to Mr. Comey for his service, for coming clean about his struggles both internal and external, and describing the ongoing assault upon and devastation to the rule of law..  And thanks for for throwing a few punches back. What a chapter in our history.
 What I've hated more than anything is the fact that Trump has the title of president. That such an abhorrent person will be on the list of presidents forever is shameful.  It's time to update the qualifications for our elected president, know financial ties, get a better sense of personal morals, intelligence and patriotism of that potential representative of all citizens of America.  We are a country of laws and I am so grateful that institutions such as the FBI attract honorable people as I have come to believe Mr. Comey represents.  The law will triumph!
 I have been absolutely embarrassed by white America; embarrassed and ashamed and I just knew we were going to end up in World War III, and that we deserved whatever happened to “us”, white Americans, because of everything that our government and we are doing to American minorities and also to those who are not “us”.  Mr. Comey slowed it down. We are not “there” yet. I am going to get involved in politics even if it’s on the periphery, because I can make a difference. I’ve also watched him on television and he talks about our basic human qualities that all Americans, that all humans, hopefully have. Truth. Both from the book and listening to him on television, calmed me down and made me see that there is still time, still hope that it isn’t too late. We can still bring this awful circus to an end if enough of us still care about OUR country. I believe it was President Obama who said that color is only skin deep. This book is hope, hope that we don’t all have to go down with all the white hatred in this country. All of us, not just African Americans, not just Mexican Americans, not just the LGBT communities, not just women, but everyone who sees this country as being broken more and more every single day, we need to get out in our country and talk and March and stand up for all of Americans, every single American, before it is broken beyond repair. Take back our freedoms because that is what our ancestors and our current military and their families today have fought so hard for. I didn’t realize the real sacrifice these people made until now, 49 years into my life, because I wasn’t affected by having someone that I love sacrifice themselves.  People have went to other countries and died for our freedoms and we cannot just let their sacrifice die because it “just happened”. Mr. Comey talks about his past, growing up. He acknowledges that he wasn’t the perfect child. He has flaws like everyone of us. He tells us that he, like everyone else, has things that he is ashamed of about himself. But instead of stopping there and telling himself that he is that no good person, he tells us that he has made mistakes, but he had grown by looking at what he did, acknowledging those good and bad things and growing from each of those lessons. We can all start being good right now. We don’t have to sit by the sidelines and let these awful things happen to us, roll over us. We can make a difference. This book has made me realize that every single one of us has power, yes, power to hate, but power to be better and hopefully take back the America that we had and make it even better.
 An excellent read and very telling of the current president and his leadership style.
 Very readable! I think every citizen of the US should read it.
 Excellent book. Helps us to understand what happened and why.
 Despite what you might have heard in the headlines, this book was not all about Trump.  The book was more than halfway through before that name appeared.  I have great respect for Mr. Comey after reading this book.
 In my opinion, the Author's Note that begins this excellent book is one of the most important statements. For me, it was mostly a regurgitation of my own thoughts, concerns, and experience after over 50 years in working in higher education and/or while working for a publisher and then as a book reviewer... I have not only sympathy, but empathy, for James Comey, as I, too, was fired without cause. I found much in the book that paralleled my life as Associate Director and Acting Direction of a major administrative unit on a university campus.<br/><br/>When I was first working at the university, the Chairman of Political Science was talking about the ethics and honesty of a government official--I don't remember who at this point--but what he said stuck with me... "An individual who decides to take public office must be above the norm in ethics..." Since then I have watched and seen much that has bothered me about the personal truth, ethics and leadership of those who hold our public offices, especially those who are elected...<br/><br/>One of the first things I thought when I finished the book was that it should be required reading for Business and Public Administration and Political Science students. The facts behind the firing of the FBI Director is a lesson in itself. But it is more important...and most important...that the book be read as broadly as possible given the present situation in Washington. I had already developed my own concern and fear of what is happening...Comey's statement: "We are experiencing a dangerous time in our country, with a political environment where basic facts are disputed, fundamental truth is questioned, lying is normalized, and unethical behavior is ignored, excused, or rewarded." merely confirmed that this book was one I wanted and needed to read!<br/><br/>I must spotlight early on that it was illustrative of this administration to have Comey fired while he was out of the office and without prior notice by any of his line superiors. I have seen more and more individuals who have reach middle or high level leader positions who not only don't have the experience, make no effort to learn what the job requires, and, especially, is unwilling to handle the major personnel issues of a leader. But did you know that James Comey was at a site visit in California, where he was working on an important project he had initiated--to bring more minority individuals in as agents!?!<br/><br/>Readers will begin the book by learning of Comey's professional background, but you will also learn about the importance of early training in his home about his moral conduct. He learned early the difference between good and bad, sometimes through his own errors. But that parental training helped him to work to move toward improvement.<br/><br/>With one of the major issues facing America being the treatment and division on racial differences, I found it gratifying and significant that Comey, on his own initiative, had started a recruitment effort to bring agents in who could show and help in the diversity very much needed to deal with the expanding division that I saw initiated directly from the man in the presidency of our country. Note that Comey had worked for three different presidents and had already began this program.<br/><br/>One of the other major issues that had bothered me greatly and covered in the book was related to the support, and reasons given, for some of our religious individuals in America to support this President... "I see many so-called conservative commentators, including some faith leaders, focusing on favorable policy initiatives or court appointments to justify their acceptance of this damage, while de-emphasizing the impact of this president on basic norms and ethics. That strikes me as both hypocritical and morally wrong. The hypocrisy is evident if you simply switch the names and imagine that if a President Hillary Clinton had conducted herself in a similar fashion in office. I’ve said this earlier but it’s worth repeating: close your eyes and imagine these same voices if President Hillary Clinton had told the FBI director, “I hope you will let it go,” about the investigation of a senior aide, or told casual, easily disprovable lies nearly every day and then demanded we believe them. The hypocrisy is so thick as to almost be darkly funny. I say this as someone who has worked in law enforcement for most of my life, and served presidents of both parties. What is happening now is not normal. It is not fake news. It is not okay."<br/><br/>I have never been a political person, nor do I have any allegiance to a specific political party. It was only as I saw what was happening during the lead-in television to the election that I saw a man who purposely instigated hate, prejudice, lack of respect for women and so much more. When I saw that the Republican party allowed this kind of behavior, I was incredulous to hear that it was mostly Christian people who supported him. Then I saw a major leader who said the same as Comey included above...How could his policy issues be more important than his basic ethics--his moral conduct. I still don't have an answer, but with Trump as well as Bush, I was gratified that Comey's opinion and narrative of actual events matched mine.<br/><br/>But this is not a personal applause statement about James Comey. It is merely as I have watched politics and leaders for nearly 40 years, I have come to the same conclusions as the former Director of FBI.<br/><br/>I have no other choice than to highly recommend this book to those who are willing to listen/read...and who are also concerned about what has happened to the United States especially recently. I have felt Comey a truthful man, who was quite willing to admit he didn't know how to handle the impossible situations he was placed in. I have also felt concern about those above him...and many others who have spoken one way or another for the last 15 months and more... But who, when cornered as to take a stand to their leader, chose not to act or to send a subordinate... Been there and done that... American leaders have much to learn about the three points highlighted in the book: Truth, Lies, and Leadership!<br/><br/>GABixlerReviews
 This was such a thoughtful and insightful book! It helped fill in many of the blanks about what happened during Comley’s public service years (particularly those served as FBI Director)! Many thanks to James Comey and all the other people serving America with a higher loyalty! Thanks for the many sacrifices you all make to keep our democracy safe!
 I honestly didn’t have the highest regard for Mr. Comey before reading this book.  However, the shear authenticity presented by the author and his commitment to family, truth and moral values irregardless of political affiliations have converted me. Well done Mr. Comey!  Your role in history is forever cemented as a pillar of integrity.
 Personal interest
 Enjoying this book!
 Should the American public read Jim Comey's book, "A Higher Loyalty?"  If you care about the facts, truth, democracy and America, then YES! you need to read this book.<br/><br/>"What is happening now is not normal.  It is not fake news.  It is not okay." - James Comey, p. 276.<br/><br/>This book is not about Trump or a disgruntled former government employee trying to get his 15 minutes of fame.  This book is about ethics and leadership.  Someone is ringing the liberty bell sounding the alert that something is very wrong.  We need to pay attention to what is being said and what is happening.<br/><br/>As Americans, we cannot dismiss what is happening.  Take the politics out of of it.  That is what Comey is doing here and has been doing ever since he first became a public servant.  He serves America, not any political party.  After reading this book, I think you will understand how stupid and nasty politics can be.  There is no place for it in our justice system.<br/><br/>From the mob stories to being on the edge of your seat as Comey races to save the day against agents from the White House who sought to take advantage of an incapacitated Attorney General to Comey's discomfort, trying to hide from President Trump, almost to the point of jumping out the window, his book will intrigue you as you beg for even more.  You will laugh, cry, feel heartbroken and proud that this man tried to stand up to do what he believed was right every single time.<br/><br/>More importantly, he tried his best to distance himself from politics so he could focus on the rule of law.  Comey stresses how important it is for the DOJ to be separate from the White House and politics.  They must be independent so that they can protect Americans and the US Constitution.  The FBI does not protect the President.  That's what the Secret Service is for.  The FBI protects Americans and the Constitution.  It should never belong to any President or political party.  It must be independent.<br/><br/> Full review available on the site, as well as audio from Comey's first stop on his book tour (which includes protesters disrupting the event).]
 I too, blamed director Comey for the election loss, so was prepared to hate it. The book not only makes sense, but helps to understand the author. I highly recommend A Higher Loyalty.
 Great read, It underlies the reason why James Comey is such an honest and honorable  guy. I learned more about this black mark that our country is going through. Every one should read this book. It explains a lot.
 I was angry with Comey for his decision re Clinton emails.  Reading this book was like sitting across the table, having coffee, with someone open, truthful and sincere.  I ended up understanding the whys and wherefores of what a horrible position Comey was in.  I was no longer angry when I finished the book.  I rather felt respect for Comey and the FBI, the dedicated LONG term service to America by those incredible people.  I thank them for their service to us all!
 What an amazing read. This book gives me hope that something great will come out of this disastrous presidency.<br/><br/>Mr. Comey does an excellent job letting the readers get to know him as a man, husband, father, and government employee. This in turn lets the reader have a better understanding of all his "controversial" decisions while FBI director.<br/><br/>I would be shocked if anyone who reads this book comes away thinking anything except that Mr. Comey is a leader and an ethical individual who cares deeply about our country. I would love to see him run for president, I think he is exactly what our nation needs to lead the country and fix the damage that our current president is and will continue to cause in our country and around the world.
 This is a riveting book.  The author is articulate and clear and keeps your interest.  This is a must have not just for political or historical reasons, but also because it is entertaining and interesting.
 There is no doubt in my mind that Jim has decided that it is his duty to do whatever it takes to get us to think and react to his principles and commitment to integrity. We owe it to ourselves to do so.
 I finished reading the book the day I received it.  The press has focused their attention on the last 1/4 of the book which details Comey's interactions and analysis of Trump.  I found the other 3/4 of the book equally intriguing as it builds the background that lead Comey to make the decisions he made during the 2016 election.  I had the honor of working at the White House during both the Clinton and Bush administrations and I found Comey's observations spot on with my own experiences.  During my tenure at the White House Office of Homeland Security after 9/11, I was able to watch Comey in action during OHS Deputies meetings when he represented the Department of Justice.  I was always impressed with his detailed knowledge of the critical topic at hand and his articulate presentation of the Department's position on the issue.  This book follows that precedent of carefully wording a strong case for his position, including not only what he thought but why.  It is a compelling case.  For those of us who have worked in the boiler room of national policy making, Comey captures some of the joys and many of the frustrations as we did our best to serve the Nation.  The book may be a bit "wonkish" for those who haven't been involved in national policy making but, in my view, the book is an honest account of how it works.  There are a number of villains recognized in the book and from my experience those villains honestly earned that title.  Well Done Director Comey.  Thank you for having the courage to stand up for justice, the rule of law, and truthfulness.
 Before his sudden firing by President Trump last May, James Comes had a long and distinguished career in public service.  U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Deputy Attorney General, and Director of the FBI.  As recounted in his new book, he's been involved in a number of important investigations and a full 2/3 of the book focuses on his experiences before 2015.  I'm impressed that, according to his account, Mr. Comey has always been focused on principled leadership, and he spends s good deal of space describing how he worked to maintain high morale and improve the agencies he led.  He clearly has great respect for the integrity and work ethic of the people in public service whom he believes are getting a bum rap from the current Administration.  Mr. Comey explains in great detail that law enforcement and intelligence agencies must be free from political influence if they are to be effective, which I agree with completely.  Tthat isn't the environment we are in now.<br/><br/>Of course, this book is a best seller because of Mr. Comey's more recent role in examining the e-mails of Democrat candidate Hillary Clinton, and in his reputed role in the appointment of a Special Counsel investigating possible irregularities in the Trump Presidential campaign.  These are two separate investigations and Comey's discussion of them takes up the later chapters in the book, with the Clinton investigation receiving more ink than Trump.<br/><br/>I cam away from this book impressed with the Jim Comey I met here.  I believe he is a good man who tried to do his best throughout his career.  Unfortunately, as he got involved in the Clinton e-mail controversy, and while he never admits it, Mr. Comey began to make management decisions based on political considerations rather than on legal analysis.  His decision to announce in July, 2016, that the Clinton investigation was closed, rather than to let his boss, the Attorney General, share in the announcement was based on his political impression that the AG had compromised herself by meeting with Ms. Clinton's husband while the investigation was going on.  Similarly, many of his reactions to President Trump seem to have been more awkward than they would have been had Mr. Comey simply followed FBI customs and policies in dealing with the President.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book, and believe it will contribute in a positive way to the ongoing discussion about the fitness of Donald Trump to be President of the United States.  The book felt a bit rushed to me, and I would have enjoyed a bit more discussion about the non-Trump parts of Mr. Comey's life.  I've read criticism of Mr. Comey for "cashing in" on his firing. but, hey, this is America, and that is what we do.  Besides, the President attacks Mr. Comey on a daily basis, and this book gives him a chance to fire back that he wouldn't ordinarily have.  I encourage you to read it.
 This book is an honest portrayal of integrity and honesty.  Everyone should read this to get a better understanding of the tumultuous political world we live in and the risks to our country as we know and love it. Whether you are Republican, Democrat or otherwise, do yourself a favor and invest the time to better understand what made the author the man he is and why he did the things he did. I walked away with an appreciation for all he is and his sacrifices.
 I thought Director Comey did an excellent job walking us through his personal experiences that helped shape him and prepare him for his job as FBI Director.  He comes across as very honest and extremely believable.  I think it is ridiculous that people focus on a few salacious moments, when really the entire book is so much more than that.  For anyone who has ever had to work for/with someone who is not on the same moral playing field as them, this book will resonate completely.  For anyone who ever had to make an extremely difficult decision that would have unforeseen consequences, this book will resonate with them.  I applaud him for his honesty and foresight and I hope people will realize that he did what he thought was right.  He is human and no one is perfect, but Comey tries his best to be a good person.  He is an honorable man and I believe his wife is his secret weapon.  I sure hope that he will do a joint interview with his wife one of these days.
 04-24-2018, I just finished reading James Comey's book and highly recommend it.  I am a Democrat and was no fan of his but having read his book now have much respect for him as a person of integrity.
 Inspirational book on leadership in a very difficult time
 I would recommend the audiobook. It is Narrated by Mr. Comey.<br/>Historical book.
 Starting chapter five. Very impressed! Glad I bought this book.
 I wanted to buy this book as soon as I heard about it, but didn't because of the remarks I heard in the news. I am glad I did though because it shows yet again how biased some people are. I really enjoyed the way he describes everything, to the smallest details. This is a wonderfully done memoir, how he perceived what was happening and the effect it would have. I applaud Mr. Comey for standing up for what he and so many of us believe in. I have and will continue to recommend this book to everyone.
 Wonderful read.  Insightful and heartfelt.  You understand who Jim Comey is.
 It is basically an autobiography. All they juicy bits were told on tv.
 Thank goodness we had people like James Comey serving our country.  It is a shame that a liar and a con man prevented him from serving out his term .  History will judge both men.  One loyal and truthful to his calling to support and defend the constitution of the United States, and one not so much.
 I found this a very interesting and informative read. I'm glad it was a memoir rather than just an exposition on Trump. Comey covers mainly his life as relates to his work and very little on the personal side. That's fine, his profession and his career path are totally foreign to me so I found that interesting.<br/><br/>One thing I took away from this was that Comey is a very thoughtful, deliberate thinker. He is also strongly governed by his morals and his world view. Many people have described this as arrogance, but I disagree. I have known people, well at least one person, with a similar personality and arrogance is not quite the right word to describe it. I would say it is an inward demon, a kind of insecurity maybe, that makes a person strive to be his or her image of perfection. Since this can never be accomplished, the person is always slightly disillusioned and disappointed. At any rate, that is how I see it, but I'm no psychologist.<br/><br/>As for the Trump aspect, well my opinion of that is extremely biased. I do not come at this book and Comey's observations will a clean slate. I freely admit this. Given that, I found Comey's assessment of Trump's character and actions extremely believable. Sad. Horrifying. But believable. I was interested in what his interactions with Trump were like and while it is not detailed as in what did they eat, it gets to the core of the discussions and the atmosphere of their interactions. At least from Comey's point of view. Obviously, he believes his own opinion. I agree, you may not.
 I forgot about this order and someone took it off the porch! Guess it's tome for Ring.
 Great book.  Narrated by Comey himself.  Glad I bought it.
 Well worth the read
 Very interesting book and this man should never have been fired for doing his job
 A revealing and honest book about James Comey’s dealings with President Trump. It comes off as a little sanctimonious and self serving at times but mostly it offers a fair description of their relationship and a reasonable and fair analysis of the President’s character. There’s some pettiness in Comey’s description of Trump’s physical characteristics but mostly Comey is straightforward in his description of events. Comey’s characterizations ring true and his handling of the salacious details of the “dossier” is restrained. Particularly in light of President Trump’s own lies about the time he spent in Moscow. Trump is contradicted by indisputable plane travel records, videos, contemporaneous accounts, the recollections of his own body guard and hotel bills. Overall, the Comey book is an excellent read that offers significant and fascinating insights into President Trump’s character and decision making progress.
 This book by James Comey, A Higher Loyalty, perfectly defines what higher standards American Leadership, and ALL Americans, SHOULD be held to, and at the same time tragically and precisely exposes Donald Trump as the most ignorant, racist, egotistical, faithless &amp; UN-AMERICAN President of all time! A welcome side-effect for me after reading was that all the fear &amp; anxiety I've felt since Trump 1st broke the scene as a potential Candidate, has been somewhat relieved, believing in Mr Comet's assertion that more good than permanent damage will come out of this firestorm in the future.  Thank you, James Comey, or your years of service, truth &amp; loyalty. P. Anderson, Clarksville, TN
 Excellent read! An insider view of the saddest POTUS ever.
 I have just finished this riveting book by James Comey. As an avid reader I found it to be the best nonfiction tome since David McCullough wrote John Adams. Comey takes the reader on a long and interesting journey winding through his impressive prosecutorial and life experiences, his family, and the anecdotes that attach to all of that. This is not a book about Donald J. Trump, but his presidency is certainly a part of the larger story. It is also a tale about the Mafia, criminals, fools and ordinary people who just make bad decisions.<br/><br/>As a retired police captain, lawyer and former FBI and DEA intelligence analyst I could quickly discern the accuracy of his careful descriptions and distinctions as they applied to the law and its enforcement. As an author I could just as quickly reject the pundits’ reviews that found fault with his physical descriptions of Trump. My editor(s) would say all the time “Show me - don’t tell me” – descriptions are a literary device designed for a good reason. Jim Comey walks the reader into the room with his detailed impressions, of not just the president but others and himself, as well.<br/><br/>Today I heard Senator Susan Collins of Maine say that James Comey should have waited for the investigation to end before he wrote this important book. That misses the preeminence of timing. We can’t report a fire after the building is a pile of rubble, nor should an author delay an account based on subjective political convenience.<br/><br/>A pivotal and touching moment arrives when the author and his wife, Patrice, contend with and confront the death of their infant son, Collin (pages 43 - 48). It tells us about the strength, vulnerability, resilience and character of their moral and valued family.<br/><br/>James Comey, like all of us is imperfect, but he is most certainly - ethical, cerebral and determined. I challenge anyone who wants to criticize his service and this book, to read it first. The common TV commentary we experience with regularity is not even close to the “Cliff Notes” for this deep and thoughtful publication.<br/><br/>Michael J. Butler
 As a non American interesting to read about the US establishment.
 Before you talk about James Comey you need to read this book.  It really gives you amazing insight into the man and what made him and formed his values.  We all should try and he admits he has made mistakes (haven't we all) but we should try to do the right thing and most of all be HONEST (sadly lacking in our president)!
 
 Mr. Comey has had a stellar career and high profile cases as an attorney, service to our country with President's Bush, Obama, and Trump. Mr. Comey also discusses his "role" in the last election and the reopening of the investigation of Hillary Clinton and his challenges with our current President. Well written and worth a read. 4.7/5
 This is an excellent read.  Like many others, I had become bitter and critical of something called "government".  Rather than basing my conclusions on facts and sound research, I have lazily relied on the various opinions of others, using that sloppy brush to conveniently paint anyone and everything connected to public service as suspect of political motivation and inherent dishonesty.  I assumed, again like many others, that James Comey was most likely self-serving, politically motivated, driven by ego and greed.  This book has completely convinced me of the opposite - that he was and is a dedicated, loyal, thoughtful and honest man who has always made his decisions based on his understanding of law, his commitment to truth and his extensive experience in law enforcement.  The book reveals that he is a man of integrity, committed to the fair and just administration of law and frequent soul-searching as to his own motivations and biases.  These are rare and precious qualities, sadly lacking in much of the so called leadership we see today in both the public sector and society in general. This book challenges all of us to look within - to reassess who we are, what we really believe and how we arrived at those beliefs. It challenges us to be better tomorrow than we are today - to re-prioritize our values - to remember and to exemplify what the word patriot should represent. Thank you,  James Comey, for a valuable, refreshing, and much needed focus on the meaning of leadership and the glaring need for a re-commitment to the principles of democracy and freedom we claim as the sacred foundation of our country.
 I didn't know much about the author before ordering the book.  The reader will learn much about the workings of the FBI, Justice Dept., and some about the White House.  For James Comey, some of us knew before the election what kind of man Trump is.  I'd guess many of us didn't know what kind of man you are, and others.  I found the book fascinating on several levels.  A person's words give some measure of who they are and that's clear in this book.  My thoughts mirror Comey's -- how did we come to have this kind of a person in the White House as President?  And the book is mostly NOT about Trump, I might add.  That only comes near the end.  I'm glad the book was written.  I wish everyone who votes would read it.
 Chocked full of probity.
 Fascinating look into the soul of James Comey, what and who shaped his life and leadership abilities, what and who inspired him and motivated him.  Anyone interested in law and justice and observations of human behavior will be fascinated.  I was fascinated by the look inside the NY Mob culture, Comey's observational skills are finely honed over his years at his jobs.  His honesty about himself and his failures - refreshing and painful as we look at our own failures.
 If you hate James Comey then this book will not change your mind, hatred is corrosive and stops the brain separating feelings and logic.<br/><br/>I will admit that I did not like James Comey at times over the last couple of years. I didn't understand the decisions he made, then I wouldn't since I was never privy to all the information. I do love memoirs and I wanted to understand the man so I bought the book along with audio so I could hear the inflections he put on the words, preventing me from reading the book with my own biased slant. I'm glad I did.<br/><br/>As I said, it is a memoir. He walks you through some life events that helped form him and his way of thinking. It reminded me a good deal of Stephen King's On Writing. He clearly loves the FBI and all that is stands for. He isn't a perfect man and is quick to point out his own faults. After listening to him explain his reasoning on the actions he took when he took them I feel sad for the position he was put in and that it cost him the job he tried so hard to do right by.<br/><br/>More over, I enjoyed hearing tidbits about each administration from an inside perspective and how the mafia really worked. I hope he decides to write more about his days prosecuting the mafia.
 James Comey is a good writer. I don't agree with some of his decisions, but he is at least intelligent and well-read, and I enjoyed his thoughts on leadership. I particularly enjoyed his accounts of his conversations with Obama, who possesses that combination of self-confidence and humility that so many leaders lack.
 An amazing book about an incredible.  Whether left or right, this is a book to be read, as this is the first time we hear exactly what and how the FBI runs.  Also, there is no animosity towards any side.  Thank you Director Comey.....
 Interesting read.  I think we need more people like Comey in office and less of the shrills.  Comey would have probably been better served by avoiding the hyperbole about the President's looks (I think we all know Trump looks like the village clown).  Doesn't really open up anything that is not already in the public domain.
 Have a new found respect for James Comey.
 Everyone needs to read this book.
 Exposes the Trump White House for what it is: a nest of lies
 Read it cover to cover and those quoting out of context will become glaringly apparent as dissembles of lies. Not for the willfully, stubbornly ignorant. The author captures the essence of the current President and reveals the inherent dangers of an unstable leadership. Silence is indeed complicity so take heed.
 The first two thirds of the book is so insightful about the Justice system, leadership and politics.  Too bad the book tours did not reflect the true value of this book. There is so much wisdom about the foundations of true leadership and how to improve leadership skills. Regardless what people feel about Comey's actions in 2016, if you open the book with an open mind, you will understand why he made the decisions he made, even though you don't agree with those decisions. It's also chilling to realize people may already have forgot the bitter battles over legalizing tortures in the Bush era.
 OK, I have finished reading it. I don't even know where to start.<br/>  Even though I know Trump won't do it, I think it's a book he needs to read. My gut feeling is that every future President will read it before they take office and they and this country will be better for it.<br/>  I thank James Comey for writing it and a lifetime of protecting the American people and upholding the Constitution.<br/>  I thoroughly enjoyed the read.
 Good to see someone with years of experience running the most important area of the country's business explaining the abuses of power being committed on a daily basis by a neophyte with no concept of how to run a country or a government with any degree of integrity. The idea of demanding loyalty of a leader rather than to the Constitution of this country is very clearly expressed here. A real examination of what a real leader must doi in order to fulfill the responsibilities of the job, rather than the tasks imposed by another who has no idea of what that job must entail. A real indictment of inept and possibly corrupt notions of "leadership" and responsibility to the American People.
 I really didn't enjoy this book very much. Only the last two chapters were addressed to the problems with Trump. The rest of the book was rather boring, mainly talking about how his career progressed, etc. If I had known what this book contained I would never have bought it. Comey's many TV interviews were misleading in what the majority of the content was. I do not recommend this book at all.
 Found book  to be very good.
 The book does not mention Trump until page 210 of 277 pages.  The book gives great insight into the public service and background of James Comey.  It is well written and can be read in a single day.<br/><br/>You will learn about his childhood, and later mentors in his life and some of the remarkable work he was involved for the Justice Department.  He used his time at FBI to right the wrongs to MLK Jr.  He worked to improve the FBI.  He admits many personal things about himself and his errors and he passion for truth.  Some say he paints himself as a boy scout.  I agree, but he knows boy scouts are not perfect.  He really admires and respects his wife.<br/><br/>Short list:  Martha Stewart and insider trading, Mob boss prosecution, Admiring and then disliking Rudy Giuliani, Ending approval of torture by the USA, Scooter Libby taking the fall for Dick Cheney about outing a CIA Agent, Improving diversity at FBI, Clinton email scandal, Russian election interference, and finally his difficult time working for Trump.  He is very fair minded and explains why he thought he was always doing the right thing.  You will understand that he uses many people to make decisions.  He He does not say it, but it appears he knew FBI made a mistake on the Clinton emails.  He stands by the decision, but he knows he affected the election toward Trump and he did not mean to do that.
 I wanted to read this book because I have been critical of Comey's decisions in the past and wanted to understand the man's motives and actions better. In the book, he explains, and I believe, with honesty and integrity. I have heard some critics say the book is a bit self-serving, but I believe to simply stop at that is a cop-out. Read the book first before offering opinions. To me, Comey comes across as "real" revealing successes, tragedy, joy, heartache, and myriad emotions that he has experienced as a result of interactions with others. And he has a message for us all - to choose a higher loyalty and search for the truth. The future of our country depends on our doing that.
 A thoughtful book in which Comey takes us through many of the key actions in his life that have informed his decision-making and other skills to this day.  Much better than the recent Wolff book, this gives you a feel for the man and what happens behind the scenes in US government and policy decisions that impact all of us.
 Great read.  Explained many unanswered questions.
 First of all,<br/>Director Comey if you are reading this, thank you for your years of service to this country, thank you for having the courage and decency to write this book.  When I got it I expected it to be a tell all about Trump, it was not, it was one of the most intense books about the untold life in D. C. I had ever read.  The doubts I had about what you told us about Trump in the congressional hearings were dismissed the moment I started reading this.  I find you to be an honorable, trustworthy, honest and dedicated public servant, a very rare thing in government.<br/><br/>About the book...<br/><br/>A very well written document about ones life in and around D.C., the moment I picked it up I was hooked.  I can only recommend you purchase this book and read it...decide for your self.  While most (after watching the news) think this is a tell all about Trump, it is not, it is the story of a life long public servant who has served this country honorably, with dedication, and with an over abundance of decency as his driving factors.
 Well-written by an American hero.
 Good perspective on extremely important National Security events.
 Without integrity we have no soul.  This book should be mandatory reading for anyone pursuing a career as a civil servant in any level.  It is an important read for those of us who are still in a state of shock over the election.  Facts matter.  Truth matters.  Thank you Mr. Comey for so eloquently writing about both.
 I am rarely in the mindset to write an in-depth review these days, so this will not be long and full of my political opinions. I believe right is right and wrong is wrong, no matter the side of the political spectrum.<br/><br/>A Higher Loyalty reflects that James Comey believes that as well, and more so, has navigated his entire career based on his morals and ethics. And while the media has mocked him as being sanctimonious, I saw a man who reminded very much of my beloved dad, who was proud to live his life by always striving to do what was right, and wanting others to do so as well. I found Comey's narrative to be comforting.<br/><br/>If you're angry with Comey's decisions regarding the Clinton investigation, you might not be satisfied with his answers in the book because he couldn't give us what we wanted, but what he deemed as the better of two bad choices. I personally wasn't angry, but did want to know the whys and hows. I was satisfied with the answers.<br/><br/>If you're a Trump person, you'll probably never read this book to begin with, but if you do: try having an open mind, please. Hard truths are just that, but they're also necessary.<br/><br/>I highly doubt James Comey rolls through Amazon and Goodreads reviews, but if he ever happens to come across this review —thank you for your lifelong service and commitment.
 I’m a slow reader but finished the book in about five days.  There were many things I had questioned over the past two years, but Comey takes the reader through the events step by step with rationales. It really put his decisions into perspective and changed my mind on several of them. Comey’s pride in the institution and country is incredible. Inspiring even.
 I appreciate Comey's candor and the background info on the whole waterboarding disgrace.
 Comey writes an excellent book of his life and the principles of leadership that he lived by. He has his faults as all humans have but he is honest and provides a detailed analysis of the tough choices that he faced. Ethical leadership is important to him and he faced his decisions in a pragmatic way.
 Great insights about ethics and leadership, and very readable. Comey doesn't shy away from exposing his own flaws, or the flaws of some in important positions of power. I found comfort in the many mentions of people working in our institutions who are indeed dedicated to ethical performance of their duties.
 This book is a real page turner. It spends about 75% of the pages describing his history from his childhood going up to and then going into his government service which is extensive.<br/><br/>Comey worked in both private practice as a lawyer but mostly in government service working his way up to Deputy Attorney General under Ashcroft in the Bush 2 Whitehouse. All through the book he relates various tales, some hair raising, that he went through in these different roles, He discusses La Cosa Nostra  and his prosecution of them in some detail. He also details carefully and almost hilariously though ultimately tragically his dealing with Cheney and Bush regarding the torture question one may remember from the Bush days and Abu Ghraib.<br/><br/>Bottom line, James Comey comes across as an honorable man who describes his philosophy regarding proper leadership and how he led the FBI once he was appointed director by Obama. He had/has a high regard for Obama. Describes Obama as being very intelligent, very decent and with a clear understanding of what the roles of the various federal agencies are or should be. Of great importance to Comey is that the FBI should be seen as totally independent of any political affiliation. No matter what one’s inner thoughts may be politically, in the FBI you must remain completely objective in your investigation and let the facts tell what they tell. Obama and Bush understood that.<br/><br/>Regarding the Hillary email episode: He  goes into quite a bit of analysis of how he came to conclude he had to do what he did. Very importantly he was not alone in his decisions. Many higher ups in the FBI and to some extent the DOJ were involved in deciding how to handle what they had uncovered, particularly in the Weiner laptop discoveries which were only unearthed a couple of weeks before the election.<br/><br/>I believe he honestly believes he did what he had to do. Monday morning quarterbacking, including my own, is easy to do. And it certainly can be argued that he could have done things differently. I can think of one path he could have followed which he discusses but dismisses but, in hind sight, might have been the best way to go.<br/><br/>You don’t get to the Trump days until maybe 80% into the book and he describes in great detail the various incredibly inappropriate encounters (dinner, private meetings all of which no other president would have done) and basically describes Trump as a lying, egotistical individual, not that different from the La Cosa bosses. I could go on but better you read for yourself.
 James Comey's book far exceeded my expectations, as it explains so much more than just his interactions with President Trump. It could easily be used as a primary source text in a civics or government class, with emphasis on the workings of the Department of Justice and FBI. At the same time, everything in the book is laid out as part of Comey's case to prove Trump as an unethical and dishonest leader. The verdict? Trump is guilty.<br/><br/>I'm impressed both by the book's organization -- telling seemingly disparate stories about Comey's youth, the Mafia, Martha Stewart, President George W. Bush and President Obama, and then pulling them all together to show readers Trump's failings -- and by Comey's writing style. Critics who called Comey petty for describing Trump's hair, eyes, skin color, height and hand size apparently didn't read all the other detailed descriptions of people and places mentioned in the book; the Trump description is consistent with Comey's writing style.<br/><br/>I'm glad I bought the book and that I read it. In fact, I read every word of it aloud to my wife so that we could discuss it without additional delay. We found the weakest part of the book to be Comey's explanation of his handling of the Hillary Clinton email server investigation announcements that undoubtedly affected the 2016 election. He says that to "Speak" about or to "Conceal" the late-campaign, renewed investigation were his only two choices. "Conceal" is too active of a word choice for that situation, unless Comey would also say that the FBI was "concealing" its concurrent Trump-Russia investigation. Maybe he would, maybe not. Still, it's good to read Comey's explanation and be reminded that even ethical leaders are human and make mistakes.
 Half way through, a very good read, interesting to here how and why decisions were made on some cases and his thought process. At this point I have both laughed and cried so it's good.
 Comey provides an excellent inside description of all the contentious history this country has gone through since 2016. This is a candid self-examination look at a man who was forced to make moves in a dangerous political chess game for a critically important government organization and his own career.<br/><br/>He also supports his title with many examples of Good and poor leadership throughout the book. An impressive work in just a few short months.
 Tall tale from a tall man
 VERY good read.He is candid and honest. He's also pretty funny. He writes with conviction and intelligence.I have a better understanding of why he made some of the decisions that he did.He definitely didn't deserved to be fired, mainly because he was just doing his job.I definitely recommend reading it.
 Loved it! Insightful book. Very easy read.
 Excellent
 A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership – every word of the book’s title and subtitle describe what every page of James Comey’s memoir is about.  Since the 2016 election, there has been much obfuscation of the distinction between truth and lies.  Worse, many Americans, even when not confused, don’t seem to care.  They’ve picked their side, truth be damned.<br/><br/>So let me be clear.  The following statement is a lie: “Jim Comey is a liar.”  Yes, this is a lie.  One thing Jim Comey is not is a liar.<br/><br/>Many Americans knew little or nothing of Jim Comey until the Hillary Clinton email investigations.  At that point he gained instant, unsought fame, and much hatred from Democrats, who blamed him for Clinton losing the election.  But it wasn’t that simple.  An argument could be made that Comey exercised some poor judgment or made a bad decision at the worst possible time in the election campaign.  But “liar” he was not, and as his story makes clear, he was in a no-win, impossible situation.  Those who read his book with an open mind will come to understand this.<br/><br/>Comey’s story – and his history of speaking truth to power – goes back much further than the 2016 election.  In the dozen or more books I read about the George W. Bush administration (you could argue that I’m a masochist), Comey played prominently in stopping a questionable electronic surveillance program conducted by the Bush administration in its overly-zealous war on terrorism.  He stood, nearly alone, for principle, and ultimately resigned as deputy attorney general over the surveillance program and subsequent administration policies on torture.<br/><br/>I have been predisposed toward Jim Comey ever since, and the events of the past two years, so vividly described in his memoir, have done nothing to dampen my regard for him.<br/><br/>Twelve years later, along comes Trump, a man who wouldn’t recognize truth if it hit him in the face, a man who lies so much neither he nor the pols nor the media nor we the governed can keep it all straight.  The final chapters of A Higher Loyalty detail the series of unsought encounters with Trump that ended with Comey being fired as Director of the FBI.  Given the clash of character between these two men – almost an understatement –  the outcome was inevitable.<br/><br/>Not only is Comey’s whole story compelling; he writes compellingly as well, with exceptional candor, clarity, honesty, and frequent doses of dry humor.  (Comey believes, as I do, that humor is an important asset to those who occupy leadership positions.)<br/><br/>Comey understands and cares deeply about leadership.  Notably, he believes that an essential characteristic of effective leadership is the ability to maintain a balance between confidence and humility.  In his memoir he keeps coming back to this.  Comey, a confessed Republican (or ex-Republican?), saw this balance in Barack Obama.<br/><br/>In Trump?  Not so much.  Comey’s descriptions of his one-on-one dinner, meetings, and subsequent phone calls with Trump are positively chilling.<br/><br/>Yet another fundamental principle in Comey’s set of values was the need for the FBI to be independent, free of politics.  The 2016 election cycle and the current reign of His Royal Orange-ness have made this impossible.<br/><br/>Comey’s A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership is a superb work, and historically important for everyone to read.  Comey tells the truth consistently throughout.  In fact, the book’s final sentence contains all seven words of the book’s title and subtitle.<br/><br/>James Comey is not a liar.
 On time and great read
 Really enjoyed this book on ethics in leadership. If you’re looking for political views, forget it. If you’re looking to understand the difficult choices we must make as leaders, read it.
 Great book on leadership and how the President and government should function. A good reminder of the norms that need to be in place. The book helped me better understand the Clinton email situation. The book also gave me hope that we can get back to a better and healthier place.
 Fantastic experience.  I want more.
 This is a great read. James Comey is a great story teller and his honor and love for his country shine through his narrative.  This book is part memoir and part lesson on ethics and leadership while still being fun. It’s also an important expose into what is really happening at the Oval Office. This is a valuable read. I highly recommend it for those interested in public service, current events, the USA, and leadership.
 Don't believe Trump's nonsense. James Comey is an honorable man. This book provided insight into James Comey's character and the inner workings of the federal government. Also reaffirmed my belief that  Dick Cheney was dishonest.
 I am 74 years old and an avid reader. James Comey’s book, A Higher Loyalty,<br/>has touched me more deeply than any other book I have read in my life.<br/><br/>I will say that I started reading this book as one who has great respect for Mr Comey.<br/>My admiration and respect have grown tremendously as I have read this book.<br/>He is a very gifted writer.  His love and loyalty for this country  and it’s people are<br/>Truly inspiring. I my humble opinion he is a true patriot.<br/><br/>The book is a realer page turner. Once I started reading it, I did not want to put it dow.<br/>The Epilogue of the book offers wonderful wisdom for living in these troubled times
 Excellent book.  Mr. Comey is an excellent writer.  His dry sense of humor is adorable.  I hope people will know that this book is NOT all about Trump.  Mr. Comey talks about his growing up years, his family's tragic loss of a baby boy, his beautiful and brilliant wife, and his ups and downs at  various positions in law enforcement.  I found it to be very informative and touching.  It would have been just as good with nothing on Trump.
 I just finished reading this book.  I came away with the sense that I knew the essence of President Trump whether I wanted to or not.  Comey is not only descriptive, and he is in the unique position of have served both Bush and Obama, and can make comparisons which have the ring of Truth.  His reporting that the President just talks and takes up all the space in order to convince himself that what He alone thinks is Right and True is pretty graphic.  Also his observation that Trump does this to fill himself up, that he is hollow is alarming to me as a clinical psychologist.  Also, the observation that Trump never laughs. One<br/>must have perspective on oneself to laugh. I bet we won't be laughing when his term is over.
 I have really enjoyed the book. It speaks of a very smart and educated man. Sharing his knowledge, experience and reasons for his decisions is truly priceless.  It is always an amazing gift to see inside other people's mind and heart. Thank you for sharing this Director Comey, you are an admirable man. God bless you and your family.
 Enjoyed this book immensely! Felt that he was honest and committed. Would highly recommend for anyone wanting to know what is going on in our democracy!
 Rather than a salacious read about Trump or Hilary, A Higher Loyalty is about leadership &amp; even more important about ethical leadership -- what it looks like, why it's important &amp; how hard it is. Kudos to Mr. Comey for going beyond the current political climate to address a matter of importance.
 A must read. Informative and to the point.<br/><br/> It was very interesting reading about his career and interactions with three different presidents. Especially the current "president".
 Great book
 Great read
 Well written. Very thoughtful. A balance between personal opinion and facts. James Comey writes this book with such a calm it such a great read.
 Great book.
 So, so, so good! I read it in two sittings. It is so clear that this is a man of integrity. If anyone can not see that after reading this entire book, they are blind. I really enjoyed how he shared his early years as a lawyer and then his time in Washington. I really don't think he is done making a mark on our society. Thank you, Mr Comey, for your insight.
 Absolutely compelling from beginning to end. If you ever want to have faith in America and the ideals it was founded on, you must pick this up. Comey has a way of describing events and his thoughts and purpose to make the reader feel as if they were actually there. With the recent election I had lost faith in America, but reading this and knowing there are people out there defending truth and our freedoms like this man makes me so proud. A truly honorable man!
 This book is insightful and when read may change the mind of many Republicans and Democrats readers who sit in judgement of a man based solely on poorly investigated and reported media stories.  It made me reflect on the crisis in America regarding ethics and moral values.  Read it and then decide; Was Comey and honorable man or a liar?
 I have very serious doubts that anyone reads my reviews, and I certainly doubt that anyone reads enough of them to have formed a picture of who I am or what I’m interested in. But if an imaginary person had been following my reviews over the years- almost all of which are varied in genre and few and far in between- they may wonder why a reader who primarily focuses on entertainment books in a variety of fiction genres would be qualified to offer a valid opinion on James Comey’s book. This imaginary person would scratch their head and ask, why is she suddenly reviewing political books instead of her normal fantasy, sci-fi, YA books? And I do not have a good answer! As a reader, I am all about enjoyment and entertainment. IRL (in real life), I am very engaged in current events, though. I read international news daily and try to talk to my peers, coworkers and family about world matters. I, like almost every engaged American, had STRONG feeling about the most recent presidential election. I didn’t want EITHER of them to win, but I would have chosen Hillary over Donald simply because on a scale of mildly corrupt to maliciously deviant- I feel that she falls in the middle- corrupted by politics and a definitely a little shady. But Donald Trump? As a human being I find him to be vile and disturbingly lacking in humanity. Politically, I am a registered non-partisan and have been for a long time. I share some views and opinions with both major parties and I vote based upon who would be a good leader to the American people, who would strive to reverse environmental damage and pollution so we don’t end up like Pixar’s Wall-E, and who can lead our people into a peaceful existence with foreign leaders. In this election, there were no good choices in my opinion, but Donald Trump was the worst of the two on the humanity scale- disregarding political views and solely focusing on human qualities like integrity, ethics, sexual deviancy, etc.<br/><br/>James Comey impressed me from the moment I saw him speak at the congressional hearing with thoughtfulness and transparency. I know that he made people on both sides of politics angry throughout the election, but anyone not blinded by their partisanship could clearly see that he spoke from a place of integrity- not malice. Reading his book solidified my opinion of James Comey as a good man. A man who knows the meaning of good values and who is self aware enough to learn from his mistakes and to seek growth. THIS is a man I would vote for. (I would want to see more about his thoughts on the environment) but I am less concerned with my political beliefs and more concerned that the man or woman who leads my country- MY AMERICA- is fundamentally good. I doubt he will run for office, but may I share my hopes as a 28 year old young woman in America? I hope for leadership that is thoughtful, strong, honest and open minded. I dream of an America that is great again, not a sham of a slogan,no- truly great and built on the shoulders of leaders who can stand tall, in the spotlight, not afraid of the shadows that their pasts might cast if the light is too bright. We need men like James Comey, who turn so that the light highlights those shadows, sharing their dark moments, their regrettable choices- owning them, apologizing for them and learning to be better than the past. We need leaders who can be the face of our country- formidable and strong, but tempered by integrity and a higher moral code.<br/><br/>Thank you to any readers- imaginary or otherwise- who took the time to read my humble opinions. Know that I don’t expect my opinion to be shared by everyone, but I hope some of you feel the resonance of my dreams and hopes. I hope more young people feel the same way, because in all of our hope combined there lies a chance for change.<br/><br/>P.S. I know GOOD people who voted for Trump and GOOD people that voted for Hillary. I don’t think that your vote is the essence of who you are, but I think that many are blinded by their loyalty to their party and its beliefs- abortion, guns, immigration- and maybe couldn’t see past those huge (important) issues to notice that they weren’t electing those issues- they were electing a human being who represented those issues. And that maybe the human beings weren’t worthy of our vote regardless of their stance on the “issues”. Just some food for thought that I’ve been chewing on for the last year and a half.
 one of the best books I have read.
 This was a great read. He lays out the reasons for some decisions  and the rationale behind several actions. These are the things that are not covered by the news outlets reporting the events. Even if you don’t always agree you understand what the process was and how the FBI arrived at their decision.<br/>This book gives a new perspective to events we thought we knew and about which we had already informed opinions.
 It shows humility and thoughtfulness to admit you do not have all the answers, but to be willing to constantly examine yourself and the facts. Director Comey inspires the reader follow ones convictions. He delves in gray areas and nuances of his job and leaves me with a great sense of appreciation for real leadership and professionalism.  No fluff, no spin. He writes as he speaks and I believe every word.
 I am so glad I read this book. I never knew how faithful Comey had been to our country for so many years. Great lessons in ethics and integrity can be taken from this book.
 It's ok I guess
 Despite the opinion of pundits who thought James Comey is self serving and arrogant...I loved his book.  His opinion of Trump is his own opinion.  I was relieved to know that there are still adults in government who are articulate and capable of forming an intelligent sentence.  Frankly, I've had enough of Trumps fifth grade command of the English language.  James Comey's audible narration was excellent.  I was very impressed with the unscripted farewell he gave to his colleagues at the FBI, spoken at the congressional hearing.  Comey's book gave his account of how events unfolded and how it affected him.  I learned a lot about leadership. Comey gave us all a lot to think about.  I loved his book.
 Exceptional narrative of important events affecting the highest levels of the justice Department, including the FBI of course, over the past several years.  Comey speaks with authority, humility, conviction and occasional humor to convey a series of compelling sagas.  Contrary to the overwhelming publicity and political commentary associated with this controversial book, it’s core theme is leadership, not political retribution.  In fact, the episodes related to the 2016 election and aftermath represent less than half of the book.<br/><br/>Read it.
 Well worth the read. An inside look at what is happening in our country from the DOJ’s side. Thank you Comey for telling your story.
 Pleasure reading great book
 Highly recommend, regardless of political party. This is not a President Trump-bashing book.  It’s a book that turns on the light. Readers will be surprised.
 I really liked the book and enjoyed reading it. I have followed this story since the beginning with the emails of Mrs. Clinton and feel like Mr. Comey did what he felt was right at the time and I believe I would have done the same under those same circumstances. Those emails were stolen property and had to be investigated after being made public but the persons or entities that stole them should be held accountable.  I feel our country needs leaders that are willing to cross party lines and put aside differences to keep our country strong, safe, and secure and should do what’s right for our country as a whole. I believe Mr. Comey has done that and it cost him his job. I stand with you Mr. Comey, we need leaders like you with integrity and principles and truthfulness and when tough decisions must be made our leaders must do the job for the good of our country. As the saying goes “you got to stand for something or you’ll fall for anything”. That’s so true!!
 NOT a White House "tell-all" and NOT an anti-Trump screed ... This is a fascinating, surprising, well-written, and extremely IMPORTANT book. I bought this only after hearing Mr. Comey interviewed; he is so honest, humble and clearly ethical down to his bones. This should be REQUIRED READING, starting with every high school student. Mr.Comey makes it clear what is missing from our politics and society in general: a sense of ethics, doing what's "right" and considering "the greater good." This man is always searching for the truth, thinking about "right action" and speaking in a way that expresses his conclusion in a way that is respectful of all parties. (And he freely admits when he is wrong, without excuses.) I was moved, and humbled. James Comey is my new Hero.
 Well written and instructive.
 This was a book I purposely read a few chapters at a time. This book was extremely thought- provoking and informative. The manner and depth of Director Comey's descriptive narratives place you in the midst of many occurrences. Director Comey has his flaws,  but he truly appears to have held true to the oath he took as Director of the FBI. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who is an American - whether democrat, republican, independent, or those with no party affiliation.
 This is an inspiring recollection of Mr. Comey's amazing life and impossible situations that he found himself in. I especially liked the fact that this wasn't just about Trump and explains everything that has lead up to this point. I would like to thank Mr. Comey for all his work and being a true patriot.
 This is an excellent, important read for the times we are living in today.  I am so surprised by this book!  I didn't have great feelings about Mr. Comey after the Clinton debacle just before the election.  But James Comey comes across as an honorable, honest, genuine man, with flaws and worries just like the rest of us.  I also believe some of the political shows and "guests" have done this book (and Comey himself) a disservice.  I urge you to read it for yourself and form your own opinion.  James Comey did not come across as "sanctimonious"... he admits he is a flawed human being, but was trying to make the best decisions possible under difficult circumstances.  I have a completely different opinion of Comey after reading this book...who knew he had such a wicked sense of humor?  All in all, a great read by...dare I say it... a GREAT AMERICAN!
 whatever your beliefs about some of Comey's choices relating to Hillary Clinton investigation... this is a well written book giving an insider reveal to many of the hard choices such an honest man had to make over his career...I admire James Comey's insistence on truth....and agree with his assessment that the President is unfit morally, ethically and intellectually...dangerous times...there's many books out now about the election...about this administration ...Comey has crafted an important contribution to what will historically be viewed as serious challenging times  to our democracy...
 Well written, and the author seems to be very sincere. The words on the page seem to be a good representation of how Mr. Comey speaks normally, and accurately reflect what he has already spoken or written about-- though it seems rather quickly printed and edited, and the quality of the paper and of the book itself isn't as great as some similar books this press has out right now. That's fine--it didn't cost a fortune and I'm an old, grumpy bookseller who mostly likes older books, anyway.<br/><br/>As far as the message or point of the book, I dont see how it truly illustrates anything much different than what we already know of Trump's character, or of Comey's. Trump is still cantankerous, aggressive and inarticulate. The whiff of scandal, much of it self created by Trump's strange statements and actions made prior, goes nowhere for most people. They shrug and say well, what do you expect? The man's not a politician and doesn't want to be one, so anything he does is bound to be a bit strange, they say. They say it doesn't matter what happens to someone else as long as I get what I want, or if he does what he set out to do even if harmful to lots of other people. then it's ok by me. I don't get that way of thinking, and I happen to think it does matter, very much, but that's really beside the point here. Comey is still articulate, seemingly also being truthful, though a bit desperate to be heard accurately and the way he'd wish, and still loyal to the same truths and the same higher purpose, perhaps--but also, he is out of the job he most valued and wanted for his entire career.<br/><br/>Having lived through the absurdist theater and fallout of Nixon's resignation, then Ford pardoning him for his illegal acts and lies, it won't surprise me if Trump's response to this book puts him in hotter water than his own mouth and behavior has already placed him. Whether or not the fallout is as dire or as long reaching as Nixon's basic folly was--that of his not being truthful to anyone, least of all to his own values and beliefs--we will need another few years to determine that. What I do know is that if half of what occurred as Comey says it did, is true? We and everything we are, our own higher loyalty and purpose, has fallen by the wayside. And that's  a problem for everyone. And we're all in trouble, not just Trump.<br/><br/> And, it won't be only Trump's legacy which suffers greatly for it.
 Comey's life story would have made a great read even if Trump never came along and ended his career with the FBI.  Well written, well documented and one should not be persuaded by the media when they try to make the book all about Trump, or how Comey describes him.  That was over-blown.  Comey describes everyone in the book.  From the Genovese mob family members he prosecuted to the grocery store manager who was his first boss.  Very even handed and balanced.  Maybe someone in the White House will read it to Trump since he himself never reads anything except his tweets.
 Excellent
 Well written, heartfelt book.
 This is an excellent book about what core values a great leader must have.<br/><br/>I appreciated the sharing of the human side of James Comey.<br/><br/>This book is both scary and uplifting. I had a hard time putting it down.
 Well-written, relatable and thought-provoking.  I pray it sparks continued conversations that focus on the important values we Americans share, and how the strength of that common bond should be stronger than the politics that actively and continually try to divide us.
 We k know most of the facts already. What is new is one of the best books on Leadership I have ever seen.<br/>Brilliant.
 Anyone who is or has been a career public servant at any level of government will appreciate this book.  It reminds us of the factors that lead people to work on behalf of the citizenry seeking the best outcomes on behalf of all.  Comey's descriptions of his personal experiences since the November 2016 election should motivate us all to work in support of the values and ideals the "Founding Fathers"  embedded into the Declaration of Independence and Constitution.
 There are nice people paid to read a book as soon as it comes out and write up immediately ‘what it means.’ Those nice people sometimes, but not often, miss the entire point. On this one: they face-planted. Comey tries to show, not tell. So he describes details. The mantle held aloft on statue heads. The row of seats missing from his SUV. His wife singing to their dying child. Yes, he also mentions Hayden’s baldness, Obama’s skinniness, as well as other details about someone’s hands and hair. Go past that. Comey builds the case for his decisions. He deserves a listen.
 Very interesting book<br/>I've felt  Comey had been hung out to dry by his D O J bosses. It also gives an interesting light on what eventually  happened with McCabe.
 James Comey writes beautifully about some of the most interesting cases in recent history where he played a pivotal role. He reveals his early years in a warm and touching manner. His description of how his early life unfolded which set the stage for a life of service is at times riveting. A Higher Loyalty made me feel proud to be an American and revel in the beauty of our system. A human being is depicted in this book with flaws and struggles but one who unfailingly reaches upward.  Mr. Comey gives me hope that principled people still walk the earth. His book informs the reader about why he made the decisions he did in public service that may have caused history to rear one way or another but that also gave rise to the opportunity for us to learn and question and grow with a backdrop of a justice system still in tact. He writes about what it means to be human and flawed. It is clear to see a man who is guided, not by fame or self important notions, but by an intrinsic moral compass pointing always towards justice and honesty. He holds fast to "a higher loyalty" at all costs. I highly recommend this book.
 I read the book in one day. It kept me up until 1AM last night finishing it.<br/><br/>This is an easy read, it’s clear and understandable and keeps your interest through the entire book. It is written in the important stages in James Comey’s life and career without belaboring anything. By the time I was through the first couple of chapters I felt like I knew Mr. Comey like a family friend. Much in his character and early development reminded me of my own upbringing - And I am an engineer (now retired) not a lawyer or law enforcement professional. Mr Comey let’s you in on both his convictions and honest self-doubts at time. (If you cannot express self doubt you are a fool and misinformed in my opinion.) I felt like I really understood the points Mr Comey was making about what an effective leader or manager is like and agree wholeheartedly.<br/><br/>The book does not add a lot more detail to the period between Trump’s election and his sudden firing of James Comey as Director of the FBI that has not already come out in the news and Comey’s TV Interviews. But it adds much that gives you an understanding on the character of James Comey and how he came to be the person he is. It also adds considerable more detail on the Hillary Clinton Secretary of State FBI email investigations and the thought process that led to the actions taken by Mr Comey as Director of the FBI.<br/><br/>I believe the book is a wonderful commentary and informative work about the US Presidental election of 2016 and the Trump Presidency so far. But more than that I think it’s a great resource for anyone who wants to know what effective leadership looks like and how to get there.
 Definitely worth the read.  Just so you know, it is more than just about the president.  It gives you a real insight to the man.
 Some have been critical of Comey's possible motives. I read nothing but the story of a honest and dedicated public servant.
 good book loved it
 While many people have said that James Comey was a truthful and honorable man, this book clearly makes me believe him more than ever. I come away from this having so much respect for him. His courage and integrity are an example of the type of leadership that I’m certain will result from the current administration’s lack there of. I agree with Director Comey, we will survive this President, just as we survived The Civil War, The Great Depression, and Richard Nixon’s Presidency. I’m not quite sure how that will happen, but I know that it will.
 This book surpassed my expectations. Comey is an accurate and detailed observer and reading his observations was very pleasurable. His honesty and transparency make him a credible witness to the events in the book.
 One of the best books I have ever read.  Thank you Mr. Comey for your integrity and service to our country. Appreciated learning your life story, and how it shaped you into who you are today.
 Such an interesting autobiography.  I found it difficult to put down. Comey was a part of so many important trials and investigations that formed the very effective FIB Director that he became. He is an honorable man.
 This book grabbed me and would not let go from the very beginning.  Though I bought the book because of Comey's relationship with Trump and his behavior regarding the Clinton e-mail incident those, while interesting, were not nearly as fascinating as other stories in the book.<br/><br/>While I still do not agree with some of Comey's decisions, I can understand his thought process, and am no longer suspicious of his motives even when I dislike his conclusion. There are other decisions that he made which now seem justified to me based on information he included in the book.  Having had some similar experiences with making decisions that employees did not agree with because I could not share confidential information, I am going to keep an open mind on some of the decisions  with which I still disagree.
 Mr. Comey is a man with principles. He puts the country’s interest at the front and center of his decision considerations. America needs more people and leaders like Mr. Comey. Because of his courage to speak out in this book, hopefully more young people will follow his footsteps to defend a higher loyoalty to the truth and our country’s democracy.
 Without having all the information I was very upset with Comey for publically reopening the Hillary Clinton investigation days before election.  Reluctantly I would have been compelled to do the same.
 An anthology of service by a man who has worked in both the private and public sectors and used strong constitutional principles to guide his decision making.  It gives me great solace to know that there are men and women in government who embrace these ideals, and use their leadership positions to influence the behavior of others.
 This book was rich in humanity!  It was not what was expected based on talk show, but rather was like a salve on the current societal coarseness. What a great reminder to be grateful for those who truly SERVE our country.
 I was a supporter of Clinton in the 2016 election. I could not then or now fathom how anyone could support tRump. (After all wasn't he everything we were taught NOT to be. )<br/><br/>Like most Clinton supporters I was not a fan of Director Comey's.<br/>I was not originally planning on buying his book, I decided to do so, only after seeing the idiot in the White House's ignorant tweets and decided that I had to help in making this be on the best seller list, for no other reason but to tick off that imbecile setting in the oval office.<br/><br/>I was pleasantly surprised at this book. Not only is it very well written but very interesting as well.<br/><br/>I enjoyed reading of his life and how he grew up and the respect he had for previous occupants of the White House. As the author described events, I could easily picture it in my mind. (Sessions shifty eyes, Obamas interest in listening to others, The orange idiot's denial of everything)<br/><br/>I think Director Comey ( he earned that title and I use it out of respect for him) is a man of high principals and values and integrity!!!!. Although I don't agree with how he did some things, I understand his reasoning for doing so, after reading this book. It is obvious that he took his position seriously and truly loves this country and the constitution and the FBI.<br/><br/>My father was in law enforcement and I can recall him often referring to another law enforcement officer as a "cops cop." I see that with Director Comey. I loved reading some of his stories as it made me remember setting and listening to my dads old cop stories.<br/><br/>When he wrote about McCabe  and how tRump asked him to ask his wife how it felt to be a loser, I was aghast! If I heard one of my children saying something like this to someone, there would be hell to pay. So when supporters of his, look the other way when he says such juvenile immature things,, well it says a lot about them as a person.<br/>Another poster brought up, St Francis of Asissi . What a wonderful connection. Perhaps tRump needs to have this explained to him. Someday he will have to meet his maker and he will have a lot to answer to. Director Comey on the other hand has earned his wings.<br/><br/>We have not heard the last of Director Comey. He will continue on to do more wonderful things. GOD has put him in this position for a reason. I believe part of that reason is to fight for our democracy<br/><br/>Millions of American's have felt hopeless since that cold November day and this book gave me HOPE. Because of men like Director Comey who still believe and fight for the principals of the United States.<br/><br/>The fake president has often said that if someone attacks him, he will attack back harder. However when someone like Director Comey fights back, the fake president, cant handle it<br/><br/>Thank you Director Comey, as I said, I don't agree with all of your actions but you have shown that you are a man of integrity. As an American, I thank you for your eloquent candor.
 James Comey, the former FBI Director, gives a thorough assessment of his experiences with the Trump administration in his new book.  This meticulous account shares the author's views not only on leadership principles but loyalty and bullying as well.  He documents his resistance to the ongoing interference from the White House in the election investigation.<br/><br/>A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership is a riveting, insightful, and informative rendering of his experiences and interaction with the current administration.<br/><br/>The former FBI Director's writing is valuable, enjoyable, and recommended reading for those concerned with the direction in which the country is moving.
 Very helpful background for some very difficult decisions affecting the operation of the current Presidency.<br/>Not a mea culpa; a commentary on his own and other's decision-making process and how crucial are<br/>our pensees unique and the place and time of the moment of decision.<br/>Rare to read a book written by a major actor in the play, while the play, PLAYS.<br/>Reminds one of Bob McNamara's similar attempt to describe the agony of<br/>leaders when inadequate data cause major decisions to have been disastrously wrong.
 I don't normally purchase 'tell-all' books (or write book reviews) but I elected to purchase this book because even though I have mixed feelings about James Comey and his actions throughout the course of his career as FBI Director, I do believe that he is honest, principled and a man of high integrity. His book is a 'must read' that offers clarity in a political climate currently dictated by partisanship rather than a desire to protect basic constitutional tenets. This book won't change anyone's political viewpoint, but it will give readers reason for pause. A Higher Loyalty is not an attack on the current administration but rather a well written book offering insights into Comey's background, career, the thought process behind his decisions and the events leading up to his firing. I highly recommend it to people on both sides of the political debate.
 Very little about Trump, most is about what creates good, ethical, effective leadership.  Great book
 Comey is very credible in his view of President Trump.  I cannot say the same for the President.
 Excellent book written from the heart. Although I feel that what happened was wrong and did harm to Hillary's campaign I do believe his intent was not to do harm. I do appreciate his heartfelt concern for the nation when others continue to stand by and allow this monster to continue his damage to American. We will recover but it will be a long road...
 THANK YOU James Comey - for everything you did and continue to do.  This was an awesome listen, well worth buying (and supporting)  :)
 I wasn't sure what to expect, but I found this book compelling,  thoughtful and very well written. It caused me to look backwards and hear the voice of my long deceased family members who taught me to do the right thing. To embrace good, old fashioned values of truth, integrity and loyalty. To work hard and to know that the blessings would follow.<br/><br/>At first I thought that Comey was going to bad-mouth Trump making this book another incredulous albeit short-lived best seller. Instead, Comey walked the reader through his background and life's lessons to help the reader understand his background. These lessons helped to shape Comey the man and leader which helped the reader understand the choices Comey makes later in the book. This knowledge helped the reader to understand why why Comey was so meticulous in his role as leader of the FBI. Comey conscious efforts to do right, helped him to see red flags when dealing with Trump.<br/><br/>To me, Comey was a man of old fashioned, American values. He's slow but steady and you know you can trust the final outcome. Whereas, Trump was a man used to being a shaker and mover, making things happen without worry of the steps toward the final outcome. The outcome will always be a show stopper despite the devastation below.<br/><br/>Whether you are a registered Republican or Democrat, this book will cause you to pause and think of what I need to do in order to help our country to return to the values of our forefathers.
 Don’t buy this book if your looking for more dirt on our flawed president. It will give insights into previous administrations, our most recent national election, and the man who was there, James Comey. He comes across as a reasonable man and ethical leader who was treated badly. His firing is a great loss to our country and the FBI.
 I love this book and how it is written.  It's  as though  Mr Comey is right here telling me his story.  This is  must-read  Americ s
 Great insight into the most scandalous political crisis since Watergate. Also has much needed message on morality and leadership.
 I don’t usually buy or read political-related books. That dorsn’t Mean I am inattentive or uninformed about governance at many levels, public and private. I bought and am reading Comey’s book because of how the man presented himself, his professed effort to honor ideals and values in professions (lawyering, law enforcement, FBI, DOJ, prosecution and administration) where cynicism and expediency are always seeking to degrade our higher senses. I am greatly reassured about government service when men and women of Comey’s mind set are actively participating. Which doesn’t mean I always agree with Comey. But I always respect him. This is a very personal book, and the author does not spare himself—I respect that. None of us is perfect. It is an indicator of character in men and women when they can admit mistakes, make apologies, and take responsibility for the words they speak. These Comey traits could not contrast more starkly with those of the man who currently holds the highest office in the land. In addition, Comey is a good writer. The book is easy and satisfying to read. I wish Comey well on this book tour and celebrate is book sales. When the dust of this period settles, I look forward to Comey’s next book, which can then be even more candid and revealing.
 In Comey's compelling and highly readable book, we see a person who values honesty and morality.  We see someone who has dedicated his life to serving our country, upholding our democratic values and promoting the rule of law.  We see someone whose supreme principle is to do the right thing, even at the expense of his own self-interest.  In other words, he is everything the current occupant of the Oval Office is not.  No wonder that Comey is under fierce attack by Trump and his allies.  Much of the material in the book about Trump has already been reported, and there are no new bombshells.  But that is only about 1/3 of the text.  The rest of the book is structured as stories about other key episodes in Comey's life that have shaped his outlook and his approach to leadership. These episodes provide a much better, fuller picture of Comey.  He comes across as a fundamentally honest , believable and decent person.  This portrait bears no resemblance to the picture painted in the right wing media.  In reading the book and listening to the man in his interviews and testimony, there is no question in my mind which portrait is more accurate.
 This book was a very fast read and was written in an easy conversational style. It provided a lot of really interesting history and also some excellent insights into the author and his thinking process. I thoroughly enjoyed it and am very glad I decided to buy it.
 This is a must-read for every American, especially those who think that we have a president of any value or scruples in the White House, that things are okay as they are, and that the completion of this presidential term as it stands can be anything but more destructive and frightening for our country…and the world. Mr Comey is the epitome of what we should all strive to achieve in terms of honesty, restraint and admiration. I was unable to put this book down until I read the very last word.
 I choose the latter description. Comey doesn't care who gets upset or affected by his choices, but he doesn't make his decisions lightly or in isolation. This guy is a team player who values and seeks out opinions contrary to his, provided they are grounded in the law. When in a difficult position, he does not see himself as a man who makes the right decision, but rather, a right decision, acknowledging that there can be many responsible ways to take a different path than the one he chose. I loved reading about his struggles, his love for his family and the justice Department, at least in theory, if not under its current leadership. Comey exhibits the integrity so sorely lacking in most politicians, most notably the two who ran for president.
 Mr. Comey pens an extremely thoughtful, intelligent, and well written account of his tribulations while Director of the FBI, both before and during his stint with President Trump.  Director Comey is the epiphany of integrity, truth,  moral aptitude, and the rule of law.  This book is much more than what the political pundits have advanced. It is a must read for anyone who values the rule of law.
 A good read. Comey is a fine writer. It shows Trump’s disturbing pathology and penchance for lying. Who do I believe? Comey.
 This is not a book about Donald Trump. It is a book about James Comey. A man by all accounts prior to recent events is honest, forthright and patriotic. I believe this text will be invaluable to historians. As a roadmap as to how to honorably participate at the highest levels of government. His candor and humility under unwarranted criticism and character assassination is remarkable. I thank him for sharing his life experience.
 Mr. Comey has provided an insightful portrait of himself and his family, their values, events around him, and his evaluation of situations requiring a drawing upon his values to shape actions in the moment.  His fine writing style results in a quick moving narrative.  It is a pleasure to read his writing, and narrative.<br/><br/>This volume seems to be three books in one; each book developing further the psychology and personality traits that will guide him for the rest of his life.  My comments/review are based on this personal narrative rather than the political intrigue that was the focus of the media.  It is because of his ability to begin expressing self-doubt and reflection, that I rank the book 4, not 3.<br/><br/>The first book consists of his memories of childhood, teenage years, and early adult hood.  An experience that impacts him throughout his life, is being bullied because of his height/stature.  I can relate to that issue through the experiences of a grandson who is significantly larger and taller than his age would indicate. Mr. Comey’s response to being bullied is to withdraw into an introspective self.  Mr. Comey’s memories occupy chapters 1-3.<br/><br/>The second book focuses on leadership skills.  Mr. Comey begins to evolve these skills and lessons during the early years of his career, and draws naturally and heavily on the previous experiences.  Self assuredness of his own person, together with understanding and internalization of the Law, begin to be shape an attitude of confrontation, no doubt as a result of his response to unanswered bulling in early years.  The specific situations described in chapters 4-9 convey this sense of deep resonance of doing what is right under the law and not being afraid of the consequence.<br/><br/>The personal leadership skills he honed are tested for the first time when confronting Black/White violence (Chapter 9).  In a very thoughtful chapter, he uses demographics to try to understand the tension and violence, basing his leadership messages on these objective criteria and techniques from his own experiences.  He is very much in a lecturing mode.  But it is President Obama who begins the process of sensitizing him to reality from the Black perspective, including the language needed to communicate.  For the first time, Mr. Comey notes that he intellectually listened to the other person, but still seems, in the very next sentence, to expect reciprocity.  He returns, a few pages later, to express concern about being over confident and quick to judge. One could hope that Mr. Comey develops these insights further, combining leadership knowledge and dialogue, not simply objective facts, to address the Black/White struggles for Justice.<br/><br/>The last two words of Chapter 9 are the first time the name “Donald Trump” appears, only 40% of the text left.<br/><br/>Now the narrative becomes, not memories, but a memoir.  A memoir is expected to be factual because the author was directly involved in the moment with other high profile, public persons.  His memoir in chapters 10-14, serves two purposes, at least, as he retells the Clinton email “matter” and the Trump experiences.  The first purpose of the retelling is to provide a basis for historians to ponder, as broader histories are written.  The second purpose is to clearly state his intent (a key legal term in today’s environment) in each instance discussed.  Mr. Comey is very transparent and in an illuminating sentence, we know why he wrote the book when he says, “I don’t like being criticized”.  His description of the persons to whom he listens displays a real intolerance, but it is tempered with “…there is a danger that all that pride can make me blind and closed off to other views of what the right thing is.”<br/><br/>One hopes that Mr. Comey is now beginning a journey that illustrates to him that laws and protocols always must be tempered by putting yourself in the shoes of the other person. HOWEVER, it is never appropriate to have lied, whether under oath or to anyone else (remember that Mr. Comey admits early in the book he lied to protect his family from a thief…even Moses soon discovered human nature.).
 A fabulous book. In my opinion, everyone should read it. I found James Comey to be an honorable man dedicated to his job and to his country. No matter how you swing politically, this book is a must-read.
 Mr. Comey has written a very interesting and uplifting book about his life, his ideas and ideals. He speaks from the heart and tells it like he sees it. You can't really argue with someone who is telling you what he did and why. It doesn't mean you have to agree with all of his decisions but at least you have some understanding of what he was thinking at the time he made them. He seems very idealistic in the way I would expect a leader in the FBI would or should be and I have to respect him for that. Thank you Mr. Comey for letting us in to your head and explaining some of the more controversial things in which you have been involved.
 I was surprised that James Comey is a very good writer. He immediately drew me into his world and gave me all the information I needed to find my way. His behind-the-scenes descriptions of federal cases was better than fiction, and his clear-sighted vision of what constitutes leadership should be required reading. The majority of his book deals with his background, even his childhood, it isn't until the latter part that events are present day, but still presented in his self-aware narration. I thoroughly enjoyed it and I recommend it highly.
 A fascinating memoir of the FBI director’s career in the Justice Department, and a cautionary tale on the erosion of democracy when the rule of law is trampled by partisan politics. Highly recommended.
 A well written interesting book. If you are looking for a tell all, you will be disappointed.<br/>It is the story of Comey’s life. Full of humor and interesting stories about his career.<br/>I found it excellent.
 I love this book! I believe Mr. Comey is an honest man caught between two bad options. He also details the qualities he believes make great leaders. I agree with his assessment. I’m rereading this book now.
 In the years to come I can see this book as required reading for future leaders. The emphasis on morality and integrity while leading is a lesson that must be ingrained in or society if this great experiment in democracy that is our republic is to continue.
 Like a good number of Americans, I was angry at the way Comey went public with active investigations, from both political angles: she's not guilty; she was extremely careless; our investigation is reopened; our reopened investigation is closed again.  What?? However on reading this book I better understand where he was coming from. He was trying to protect the legitimacy of the elections in the U.S. which he had first-hand knowledge were under assault by Russia. Unfortunately, and as he kind of seems to lament, his actions did more harm than good. But overall I have a more nuanced perception of him and believe he is trying to do the right things and is an honorable man. Unlike someone who will remain nameless. Donald Trump.
 This is a very well written book that touches on some incredibly important points regarding how to be a good ethical leader. James Comey writes about his own experiences and how they impacted him and then later on how they molded his leadership style. What I found refreshing is that this isn't a book to paint him in the best light possible, he often discusses references his own shortcomings with the realization that one needs to be aware of them in order to improve themselves. I found this book fascinating, and each chapter, particularly those at the beginning were a synopsis of his previous experiences that had potential to be a book of their own - which I hope some will be.<br/>On the political side this isn't a slander piece about anyone, these are his own views on the people that he has encountered. Whether his opinions are favorable of them or not does not fall down party lines, they rely primarily, if not solely on his observations of those people. This book also explains, from his standpoint, why he made the decisions that he made during and after the 2016 election that caused some to praise him and others to vilify him.<br/>At the end of the day I would recommend this book to anyone, it is an insightful read on leadership, government, and, to some extent, law. There is humor throughout the book that keeps it light at times, and the substance of the book will make you want to keep reading.
 Indisputable evidence of malfeasance of Trump's administration which threatens our nation with high crimes and misdemeanors!<br/>A well written and convincing account by the former head of the FBI.
 Great read!  I believe every single word, regardless of any mistake he made.
 Whatever you may think of the FBI director, he is an outstanding writer. Although we know the subject matter—essentially about a remarkable nation in one of the darkest periods— I found the book to be very interesting and it reads very smoothly.<br/>Over half of the book doesn’t refer to Clinton’s emails or Trump, but is focused on ethics and management communications. I wouldn’t be surprised if it becomes a required reading from high school to law school or graduate business school.
 Good read. Comey spent his entire professional career working for justice.  If you have the mental acuity to make critical judgement based on facts, the reliability of the source of information, and a persons credibility, this book will help you decide who is telling the truth.  If you get your news from FOX, you probably wont gain anything from the book.
 Mr. Comey exemplifies the values of truth and justice.  In this book he not only describes fundamental assets to good leadership, but also voices the sadness and despair most Americans are feeling over what Trump and his ilk are doing to our country.  I hope and pray that he is correct in believing we will weather this horrible storm.
 I am amazed at the life lead by Mr. Comey.  Sadly he was a victim of this "fire" he describes in his epilogue.  Great memoir
 i liked everything about the book and the writer. i disliked the lying that seems to be rampant in politics. to bad there isn’t a comfortable  place for a person of high morals in government. i
 A little bit self-serving, but only to be expected given the circumstances. However,the message is clear and more relevant now than ever. A reminder of the American mission is not a waste of time. Loyalty doesn’t get handed out like free passes to the movies, it has to be earned. The book was not only interesting, but a wake-up call. Give it a read.
 A Higher Loyalty is a worthy read. Let me preface by saying I wanted to throttle James Comey with my bare hands back in Fall of 2016. Now I have a much better understanding of why he made the decisions he made about the Clinton email ‘matter.’ I did feel that section of the book could have used a bit more editing, but again… I think he wanted to stress exactly how painstaking a process reading and sifting through all those emails turned out to be for his agents.<br/><br/>There is quite a bit of biographical material and I enjoyed it. Comey is a decent writer, and I hope he keeps doing it. He does have a tendency to come across a bit as an over-grown boy scout, though there is some well-placed humor. We do need serious people in places of power.<br/><br/>I’ll cut to the chase here and say I believed his version of events and trust him almost completely. As to the naysayers who question why he’s come out with this book now, I think he feels an obligation to alert us to exactly what kind of man we’re dealing with in this president and mitigate his impact. It certainly seems that much of Comey’s political party is, unlike him, incapable of stepping up.<br/><br/>I’m sure my review with be an exercise in preaching to the choir, as I suspect most Trump supporters won’t bother reading either my review or the book itself. This book describes in detail events that they’d rather ignore or just outright deny even occurred. So it goes.
 Mr Comey is a real MAN to take a firm stand against a bully which might encourage the members of the Republican Party at the White House get some real backbone like James Comey. Really great to see a man with real values, truth based, stand for America and encourage the voters to take out the bad apples.
 In this age where truth is under siege, this book paints an interesting image of James Comey. The earlier chapters help build the foundation for how Comet views the truth by sighting court cases where truth was on trial. The book culminates with Comey's view of the Trump White House. Based on the known history of Comey and Trump, one would have to favor  James Comey as he has a track  record of integrity. Definitely recommend this book for those seeking  the "other side of the story" .
 The first 200 pages were superb and not at all what I was expecting. Provides a glimpse into the duty and responsibility of our career justice and intelligence department officials. Sometimes you're damned if you do, you're damned to hell if you don't, and sometimes you get the privilege of being both damned and fired. Before I read the book I was skeptical of some of Mr. Comey's actions, but now I better understand the rationale of his decision making process.
 This isn't a book just about trump. It is much more.  The title describes it perfectly.<br/>My view of Comey has changed completely.  He isn't arrogant and self righteous. He is a likeable, honest person who tries to do the right thing and recognizes his flaws.<br/>The book is an easy and fast read.  Hard to put down.
 Well you may not agree with Mr. Chomeyone thing is evident he is a very moral person and does what is right
 Great book so far (I'm halfway through). It's so interesting to hear about how Comey climbed through the ranks and the lessons he learned along the way. Each chapter gives a subtle reference to Trump in the mistakes he made or what true leadership looks like. Definitely a must-read if you're interested in government.
 This book gave me hope in America that honesty and integrity will prevail.
 For a non-fiction book on current history, it was written in an interesting and readable way. I enjoyed the informative look at how the justice branch of the government functioned in each of the case stories in the book. I am grateful for values-based leaders,such as the author. I know there is naturally some bias in the book, but even so, truth was told in a story that read like a novel. I respect and agree with his concerns about the 45th President. I just wish I could speak to those troubling issues so articulately. I recommend this book, if for nothing else, to remind us all once again that there are many sides to any difficult situation, and we dare not judge from sound bites and news reports alone. And to remind us to stick to our governing values.
 An easy read.  Whether you agree with Mr. Comey or not, he honestly laid out why he made the decisions he made.  I found him credible.  He didn't try to protect his reputation.  He's a very smart guy!
 Great read. Gave more in-depth on his decisions (reasoning)
 An excellent memoir.  The book would be excellent even without the materials from 2016 and 2017.  His stories of being an assistant U.S. Attorney in NY taking down the mob, and then his compelling discussion of his time as deputy attorney general in the GWB administration make the book worth reading just by itself.  He uses stories to discuss bullying, and the mob mentality, and then in the second half of the book, lets the reader connect the dots to his discussions of the Trump election and what transpired.<br/><br/>Those criticizing the book just because "he went low" with the paragraph on Trump's appearance and hands are missing the larger point.  The release of the actual memos by the DOJ only reinforce what Comey writes.
 Read the book in two days.  Outstanding account of major federal criminal investigations from a life long man of justice.  To be called a slimeball and liar by the president of the US is so far from the truth.  I’m extremely happy that former Director Comey set the facts straight.  We need this man in the Oval Office.  He’s one who can unite this country in these times of divisiveness.  He has my vote and all my support if he should decide. #teamcomey
 I  am still reading this. It gives a  detailed picture of many happenings since even before 911 that I was unclear on. So far I see that by Comey's actions he didn't deserve his fate.
 I'm not someone familiar with law enforcement or intelligence agencies. I am, however, acquainted with the lack of truth and divisive partisanship this President has caused in my country, in which I consider it a blessing to live. It's obvious that James Comey also feels this blessing because he has lain open his thoughts and his ego for all to see, opening himself up to criticism and attacks in the hope that we will all continue to have our country *remain* a blessing—for all of us. His candor about his decision-making process at each turn, including his doubts about his own motivation, is refreshing in this time where it's difficult to discern truth from lie, and to stand up for truth in the face of personal jeopardy. I'm left with much hope, knowing that a country far outlives any one presidency. I, too, see a younger generation stepping up to help displace those who are dishonest or too committed to party. It will take time to undo what damage has been done—to integrity, to our country and to our national standing in the world—but that it *will* be undone, of that I have no doubt.
 I appreciate Mr. Comey's candor in writing a book that is timely as well as honest and revealing. On the other hand, regardless of his thinking that Hillary Clinton was a lock for the presidency, his unprecedented announcements of a renewed Clinton investigation just before election day, while not also announcing massive Russian interference, undoubtedly and unfairly led to Trump's victory. Clinton would have won the presidency without these two highly  influential factors. We already have enough evidence that this is true even before Mueller's investigation is complete. Comey's actions, along with extensive, systematic manipulation by Russia, undoubtedly led to Trump's victory and without these factors, Clinton would clearly have won the election. As more is revealed, I'm sure history will confirm this fact to the horror of the American public and our political institutions. It's currently an 'elephant in the room' that most voters and government representatives of all political persuasions, fear to voice.
 Prior to reading this book, I only knew of Mr. Comey through media reports.  I did, however feel the way in which he was fired was just mean...no one should be treated with such viciousness and disrespect as Mr. Trump treated Mr. Comey, and I was glad to have the opportunity to hear the other side of the story.  What I have concluded is that Mr. Comey is one of the few genuinely good guys in Washington who are truly moral, ethical, of high integrity and values-driven.  I worked in upper management for many years, and all he says about what it takes to be a great leader rings true from my own experience.  Although he doesn't call it such, he talks a lot about servant leadership...how to recognize it, how to practice it, and how to build and maintain an outstanding workforce of principled people who also strive to do the right thing in a moral and ethical way, but also know how to take a break and have a little fun and laugh once in awhile.  The FBI was lucky to have a leader like that.  Another conclusion I can't fail to mention is that despite all the lame excuses Mr. Trump gave for the firing, the obvious truth is that he was very envious of Mr. Comey, because he is all the things that Mr. Trump is not, including well-liked and well-respected.
 An honest, intelligent book written by an American hero.
 Excellent Read. Not "just Trump-bashing".  Very informative about the relationship between the DOJ, FBI and White House.  Thoroughly enjoyed.
 This book, which  could be and has by some been seen as self-aggrandizement by Mr. Comey is, in my opinion a very well written and honest account of his years of government service. I find him highly credible and his narrative very readable. I continue to hope and pray that people of such moral integrity and courage will continue to fight for what is right and just for our nation and our world. My thanks to Mr. Comey for sharing his insight and memories of service. Very inspiring.
 This book is extremely well written.  James Comey is an American hero.  His reporting of how our government works and the personalities involved kept me interested from the beginning to the end.  Thank you James comey for being a “truth savior”.
 You given any thoughts to running for president yourself? This book is a very informative behind the lights look at what goes on in our! Whitehouse. Thank you for all you have given to we the people of The United States of America.
 This was a fascinating book.  Comey spends time on his life before Trump and you really get to know him and what he's about before the Clinton and Trump fiascos ever happen.  By the time the book addresses Clinton and Trump, the reader has a very good idea about his reasoning for each of his decisions.  He lived his life in the world of law and order, facts, and evidence only to be forced into the world of politics where you're damned if you do and damned if you don't...and politicians only like rules if they support their position.  I came away really liking and respecting Comey, someone who shows that he always tried to do the right thing in his career.
 I had minimal exposure to the Comey drama on the news last year, but reading this book was incredibly eye opening and helpful in understanding the role of the FBI and its interaction with the President.  Comey had some fascinating experiences in his time in public service and translated these into incredible lessons in leadership and relationships.<br/><br/>Truly tragic what Trump did to Comey, but the optimism that Trump's presidency will enable growth and dialog as a country was encouraging.
 love this book highly recommend this book.. well written.. and you just may find out things you never knew.. it's a must read.. in order to find the truth..
 Our government is less safe witbout James Comey. Who do I believe? Comey hands down Trump is a danger to Democracy
 Excellent journey through a career that was cut short by an inept leader who neither recognizes nor values the utmost importance of fostering the truth and honesty. My hope is that when the dust settles, our democracy still stands the test of time. I want to believe that it will, and that we will have learned some valuable lessons for moving forward with it.<br/><br/>Also, I hope that Jim Comey will again be called upon to serve in the future.We need more people that at least try to be unbiased when it comes to law and justice.
 I have a better understanding of James Comey after having read this book. As a Hillary Clinton supporter, I was very angry with him because of his last minute re-opening of the investigation of the e-mails. James Comey is a highly ethical man and was compelled to take his actions above and beyond political reasons. I was, also, sickened by the actions of Donald Trump. His firing  of James Comey, in the manner it was done, was unethical and unseemly. But, then, that is who Donald Trump is. This book needed to be written, and read, for a better understanding of these events. I am sure that the writing must have been extremely painful for Mr. Comey. But, I thank him for writing it.
 Although, you can count me amongst those who were quite irate at Comey for his ‘we’re still investigating Hilary’ announcement, at least now, I get it.  The man was between a rock and a hard place.  Also, I love to read.  AND Comey can WRITE. And this man wrote a compelling account of Trump the Travesty and his insanity.  Also, he is very kind and generous describing members of the Gathering Of Perverts.  He is a better man than I am a woman.  I could not put it down.  I highly recommend it.
 I really enjoyed the entire book. I especially enjoyed Mr. Comey’s frank and revealing thoughts throughout his career. His service and dedication to our country is appreciated.
 Comey rightfully concludes that Trump is an immoral, and unethical lier who is totally unfit to be president.  I agree.
 This book is very good. I would recommend it.
 He tells it like it is.  Enjoyed reading about his career.  I can't imagine how difficult it was to work with Trump but Comey left with his integrity in tact.
 Reading it now.  All I can say is Mr. Comey is an American Patriot.  We were lucky to have him.  We are living in some very dark times right now and trump is a clear and present danger to us all.  Stay Woke people.
 Well written thought provoking.
 I really enjoyed the ease of Comey's writing. Initially I thought there would be a lot of political and legal jargon I wouldn't understand, but this was not the case. He writes for the every man. I really enjoyed the personal anecdotes he added and the family stories as well. You learn a lot about Comey the man as well as Comey the husband and father, Comey the lawyer, and Comey as a real person.<br/>Yes, he touches on Trump, as well as other presidents and celebrities alike. It's a great work of non-fiction and if he wrote another I would surely read that as well.
 Comey reviews his action on a number of criminal cases he investigates and the reason behind the outcomes but does so from the perspective of a how he sees a leader should behave. He touches on his interaction with 3 presidents and his impression of each as well as some of the difficult decisions he has had to make as FBI Director. You will not get an answer to all of the investigations but you will surely get a lesson on how good leaders should behave under tough circumstances. I rarely read books on political history but could not put this down. Great read.
 Comey has written a coherent, clear and honest memoir. He related the facts of his life and career with dazzling naivety. He is nearly Homeric in his tragic blindness to the full depravity of Trump and his minions.
 Lots of good stories relating to intelligence and politics even before you get to the parts concerning Trump. Comey has a lot of social intelligences  about reading people. This will be a must read for many years for political science students- or just those interested in politics and psychopathology
 Almost all of A HIGHER LOYALTY by James Comey has been thoroughly dissected and discussed in other forums in conjunction with his media blitz.  I pre-ordered his book and read it anyway, the political junkie in me just couldn’t resist.  He writes well and the details of his professional past, the ways in which he crosses paths with other notable characters, become fascinating.  He is a veritable Zelig of our time in political/law enforcement circles.  Who knew?  The well-written biography will someday be very interesting, indeed.  Frankly, his hubris is his downfall.  Specifically, his belief that he alone must save the Nation from dark forces on the horizon.  The role of lone wolf is reserved for very few in a democratic republic;  he was meant to rally others to work with him.  Comey still fails to grasp this notion and begs us to see his quandary.  Knowing now his position then, he says he could make no other choice.  He wonders why we don’t see it similarly.  The book is worth reading for many reasons.
 I had a lot of questions concerning the author and his rise to the leadership position at the FBI. It is interesting to see his side of this controversial side of the story.
 A Man Of True Honesty ,who represents Both the Spirit &amp; the Letter of the Law ,<br/>Loyal to The United States Of America ,NOT to any Party Dogma Or  Personal Ego  .
 Comey is a rare breed of Republican that puts country, equitably applied rule of the law, and justice above the pettiness, corruption and dishonor emanating from the Trump administration. The people who need to read this book are the Trump supporters blind to the fascist behavior and corruption from the worst presidency in our modern lifetime.
 Great book on leadership. A MUST read.
 The value of this book to to see how Comey became the person he is, from his point of view. I think he reasonably discussed the idea that there are things he could have or should have done another way. I would say his emphasis on the idea that silence conveys consent, is an important concept. His version of his interactions with President Trump consistent with the public record. I think in his shoes, I would have been terrified.
 I inhaled this book-I think he's right
 This was a wonderful book about lessons learned and the need for truth. I feel this book will help me in my own life and in others who would read this book.
 This is a great read. Unfortunately, the press focuses all the attention on a few passages that deal with a physical description of President Trump (although Comey has descriptions of others too) and overlooks what the book really presents - a compelling analysis of what constitutes effective, compassionate  and moral leadership. Whether this type of leadership is evidenced by the store owner from his youth, or by others he has worked with and for, it is critical to doing good work and maintaining integrity.<br/>His physical descriptions do help give you a feeling of being there, but are not the focus.<br/>This book must be read to understand Comey’s actions and his framework for making decisions. While I don’t agree with some of his decisions, I have a fuller appreciation of why he made them. Unlike our President, at least his actions came after careful consideration!
 I listened to this on audio.  Great book to see how an ethical leader thinks even if you don’t agree with all his concluded action that may have changed history.
 I rarely order or read politically written books because I hear so much on TV and radio I feel like I am drowning. This book is written from an educated stand. I did not feel stupid or bored, but felt informed by the end.
 I liked his direct honesty and actions dealing with illegal activity  in his US Attorney positions with mafia and other llegal activity especially in the Bush Administration and Trump administrations.  His personal memoirs regarding his own learning experiences as youngster and an adult by his numerous mentors including his wife were especially illuminating and intensely honest. It was very important to show how he learned to work with his fellow employees whether subordinates  with a sense of humanity and humour.<br/><br/>A very great surprise how thoughtful James Comey and how vulnerable and sensitive he was for all experiences even being bullied in his early years of schooling.
 I was completely captured by the book. I read it in 3 days. It was interesting, funny and, of course, sad. For it to be his first book of writing, it's good.
 I'm desperately siick of having a president who is a pathological liar, so I was anxious to read this book. Though I was initially quite angry at how his announcement hurt Hillary Clinton's chances, I found James Comey to be a totally respectable and honest person; boy scout- like almost to a fault, but that very trait made him even more believable as his account of events progressed.  Anyone who is searching desperately for truth while we have to deal with an administration so devoid of it should read every word of this book and commit to enlightening as many people as possible. I will, like James Comey, be hopeful that a better future is imminent.
 Contrary to all the media hype this book was not about Mr Trumps salacious experiences and unique appearance. It focused on James Comeys growth and the experiences that formed his values. As someone who hasn't followed political events very closely this book gave me insight into a lot of political events I knew very little about. It was a well written, informative, and enjoyable book. I found James Comey to be ethical, honest and a good leader who had to make some very difficult choices and did so in good conscience. Read it I think you'll like it!
 I had some mixed feelings about James Comey before reading this book. After reading his book, I now feel that he is, like all of us, a flawed human being, but beyond reproach when it comes to integrity.  I now recognize that he is a man who respects the "rule of law", and loves the FBI.  I believe he is a loyal American and though not perfect, has always put "country first" which is refreshing and comforting.  Our "already" great nation needs more leaders like James Comey.  I truly enjoyed reading his book, and gaining a better understanding of the man, James Comey.  I would recommend that my fellow Americans get out of their silos, and preferred cable news stations, to read this book in order to gain some in depth insights into this former FBI leader.
 This is an important book for our chaotic world. It reminds us who we are as Americans and the values that have previously made our country a world leader.
 This book is far more about Mr. Comey's personal and professional life that it is about what occured since Trump was elected.  What an absolute shame a man with the experience in law was fired by a man who knows so little about government and our laws.  A very good and highly recommended read.
 A great read. Gives a good insight to what goes on behind the scenes starting with Bush. An eye opener. Come writes well - it's hard to put the book down.
 I learned quite a lot about the inner workings of our government.  I enjoyed his stories about Bush and Obama. As the author told these stories, they were told from a different point of view from what the average citizen sees on TV.  Comey’s details and descriptions of events, place the reader in the room. I hope he continues writing.
 Great book. This whole Trump crap drive me nuts and so does Trump. Comey pretty much explains his disposition and reasoning and when you read his words it makes more sense
 Comey is a man of integrity, experience and knowledge who speaks to the value of honestly, determination, and a high regard for the law of the land.
 James Comey is an excellent story teller. His years in the justice system have left him with a skill for attention to detail and an ability to make you feel like you are in the room with him through great descriptive writing. His honesty and integrity when making difficult decisions gives me faith in our justice system. No matter if you are democrat or republican this book is worth the time and money.
 Thoughtful and informative
 I believe Comey will be publicly vindicated by those who malign him one day in the not too distant future.
 Love him or hate him, this book is a fascinating look inside the head of the man who changed the course of history during the 2016 presidential election. Comey has been a non-partisan thorn in the side W. Bush, Obama, H. Clinton and Trump. This book reveals how his tightly wound sense of justice led him to some very painful decisions - for him and for us. He doesn't try to change the reader's mind about those decisions, just explain his reasoning behind them. A must-read for anyone interested in the law and/or the inter-workings of the federal government.
 Mr. Comey is a wonderful writer, a thoughtful man and clearly somone whose life has been dedicated to upholding the Constitution. I wish his Hilary decision had been different but he made me understand and respect the course of action he felt compelled to take.
 I found this this to be a compelling book. We need more people to reach out and speak truths. Morality needs to be a main character for our  future politicians.
 Should be a mandatory read for every American.  It tells the story of a flawed man attempting to navigate the world by living true to some basic principles.  There's a lot to learn here about leadership, vanity, ego and the way an individual American used principle to provide a focus to his life's work.
 Didn't like Comey when he publicly announced the investigation on Hillary Clinton.  I now know he was keeping a distinct line  between the justice department and politics. Very insightful on what makes a great leader.
 James Comey clearly batted this out of the ballpark.  I could barely put it down ,it was such a page Turner. I liked the fact that the reader got some insight as to the inner workings of the department of justice and subsequently the FBI.
 There are very few people in our government today willing to do what you have achieved. We are in desperate need of more individuals like you.
 It is refreshing to hear a voice of truth and integrity cutting through the partisan bickering and lying. Comey shares painful stories about his journey in learning to be a man of honesty. I highly recommend this book for all Americans who care about such characteristics in a leader.
 This book is so much more than the 30 or so pages which form the basis of mainstream media.  This is not so much an expose as it is a memoir, and a good one.  In the first 100 or so pages,  Comey retells experiences that shaped his life and career long  before becoming FBI Director, and does so with a style that is impressive for a rookie author.  His prose is neither dry nor overly dramatic, yet I laughed out loud in some places, and shed tears in others.  Comey engages the reader, plain and simple, and provides a rare, remarkable perspective into the world of the Executive Branch.  I recommend this book for everyone, but if you're American,  it's a must-read.
 Whatever tribe you may belong too, I recommend you consider reading his book. His personal history provides an excellent backdrop for the reader to understand his role in the FBI recently. The history of his relationship with Robert Mueller (1 wife) and Rudy Giuliani (3 wives) introduces you to both Comey's humor and his keen personal commitment to chasing the facts to determine the law application vs political posturing.  Comey delivers fascinating comparisons. For example, page 147. "...Barack Obama surprised me once again. He was an extraordinary listener." Contrasted to private dinner with Trump, Page 238, "As we continued our encounter - I don't use the word conversation, because the term doesn't apply when one person speaks nearly the entire time..."<br/><br/>Comey is a family man with five children who dedicated a big part of his life to serving our country.
 Excellent book. It should be required reading for all adult Americans who care about our country and what is going on right now in our government.
 A compelling look at lessons on truth, loyalty, &amp; generally doing the RIGHT thing, by a man who seeks to live his life in just such a way. The reader is also provided a glimpse into how he second guessed things he did &amp; didn't do which makes it quite relatable to those of us that have done the same of ourselves. Thank you for being an inspiration to living a life with a higher purpose!!
 Nothing ground shakingly new but gives good insight to what was happening. I believe Director Comey is an honorable man who got in the cross hairs of a lying "mob boss" who is no leader and is doing huge damage to the office of the President and our country.
 I'm not going to tell you what to think, but read the book. It is a good fast and easy read. James Comey is a good writer and a great stoey teller.  I don't know the motivations behind the story, but I believe.it.
 This is a great book about the very unfair firing of F.B.I. Director James Comey.  As a former employee of the Federal government, I’ve seen unfair actions like Jim Comey’s firing.<br/>Reading about his career and character made me sad that we lost someone of his caliber.  I appreciate the time he took to write this book.  I feel confident his reputation will be totally vindicated and that those who have lied about him will suffer as a result.
 Very interesting and not nearly so much time spent on Trump as I feared going in. Easy to read but some good food thought.
 This book is better than I expected. A good read.
 Thank You
 Honest, introspective, and heartfelt.
 Highly recommend; read it in three days.<br/>A Higher Loyalty is a great read in this time of negativism and fake news--there is hope
 This was extremely enlightening. James Comey gives the American people an honest insight into a corrupt President.
 A bit boring.
 An very insightful view of how the FBI works and the huge challenges that James Comey encountered.  His struggles to be independent of political parties and be honest and loyal to the country as the FBI Director .
 The reading of Comey’s memoir, in addition to expanding my knowledge of the purpose and workings of the FBI, has helped me to further examine the qualities that make a great leader in any walk of life. I feel more positive about our country’s future.
 It boils down to who are going to believe a career con man or a highly respected career advocate of justice.  Take all the time you need.
 A few low blows but still a good tead for all of that.  Comey certainly could have said more and, overall, he probably pulled his punches a bit.
 coming out of the bad and confusing times. I enjoyed this very much! I would recommend this book to everyone.
 Well written! I like him as a person but I really like how he presents a view from a side of a curtain most Americans don’t think much about. 2000 regular people were also brought up on the same charges as Martha Stewart the same year as her. The big deal was it was her. I always wondered what the big deal was about that. She and nobody else is or should be considered special or the system doesn’t work.
 I was not sure I would like this book, but it turned out to impress me a lot. Unlike some other recent books about the Trump administration, this is well-written and is more about the underlying principles of things, rather than about politics. Comey really seems to have tried to be as non-partisan as possible. He wants what's best for the country, and had hopes that Trump would learn to do the right thing. I am glad that at the end he expresses hope for the country's future.
 Comey is like many of our time including me.  Good ideals, dedication to those ideals, but can get a little heavy-handed with being right and dreads being wrong, although he can take the bullet if he has to.<br/><br/>I also like his sense of humor, which means I'm not too worried about the size of Trump's hands, but since I would have also checked them out given the opportunity, I'd have shared the details as well.<br/><br/>I think he's sincere with a spin, he writes well, and well, he does have some of that "Hotch" thing going!  The book feels like truth and was well worth reading.
 Everyone should read this book.  Republican, democratic, American, human, everyone!  This book is about so much more than Trump.  It is an amazing tale of a man striving to do what is good and right above all else even, and often, when it means personal sacrifice.  I learned so much from reading this.  This book provides great examples of leadership and qualities of leaders.  A through examination of leadership styles.  What makes a good leader.  How to recognize one and how to work for one.  This book is NOT a Trump bashing fuming rantings of an ex-employee.  It IS the careful well thought out deliberations of a man and his extraordinary life.<br/><br/>Mr Comey, thank you!  Thank you for your service.  Thank you for your kindness and knowledge.  And thank you for being a guiding light in the storm.  As evident in this book you spent your life to find and emulate great leaders.  I say with full confidence you are a great leader.
 Excellent. Truthful. He admits his flaws but one can see his dedication to the truth, justice and to the USA. I recommend thus book to those seeking truth.
 A must read written by someone who is a true patriot and whose goals were always to advance our American ideals and to make it a better place to live for all.
 well written and interesting. i enjoyed the insider look into administrations and agencies. i found him not as much a showboater but a human struggling with amazingly hard decisions. i disagreed with some and celebrated others. all in all, a great read.
 Honest, credible and honorable.  We need more people like James Comey in our government.
 Very honest and truthful.  I learned a great deal about our government and its inner workings.  I highly recommend this book.
 Super book Provides insight into the behind the scenes working of the Justice system in Washington. Every eligible USA voter should read this book.
 I'm pleasantly surprised at what a good writer he is!  Many would be disappointed that this book is not primarily about Comey's experiences with Trump.  Instead, it is truly a well-put-together story of turning points in his life, that led him to what the title states:  "A Higher Loyalty"  to the Rule of Law.  He mentions his childhood and mentors and experiences that helped him to cement his values.  He freely admits his imperfections, and he may well have made mistakes dealing with Hillary, and with Trump.  However, the mistakes were not of "having an agenda" which is how he's frequently characterized.  I came away impressed with his humanity and integrity.
 Very  incitfull. It is so hard to believe that the people we have elected or have been appointed can be so narrow minded and selfish. They are supposed to work for us the voters.
 Donald Trump is a narcissist and they cannot be cured. He will do some real damage to the nation before he leaves.
 This is an incredible book.  It is well-written.  I think he is an honorable man and this book reflects that.
 Excellent read, honest, raw, and heartfelt!  Highly recommend this book!
 I don't like liars, and I try my best to not be one, not raise one, and not associate with one. Unfortunate that our President is a BIG one.  Hats off to James Comey for having core values, and sticking to them!  Thank you for the insightful book.
 Well-written and interesting--and encouraging.
 Histories Truth. Required Reading for all Civics Classes. Remember and Vote to  rebalance the separation of Powers. Make America the land of hope again.
 Writes with intelligence and conviction.  I was not a fan of his in Oct 2016 but reading this book I can agree with his reasoning.Hillary was a flawed candidate and I thought she should have resigned from the race once it became clear that the email thing was not going away.  Her "vaulting ambition" and her failure to her party and country are the reasons Trump won.  She should have turned over her nomination to Biden or Warren or Sanders or even Bob Casey or Mccaskill.  If she had turned over every email voluntarily in Nov 2015, she might have won.  In any case,Comet is a true professional and I am happy and proud to have read this book!!
 A surprising and unexpected journey.  Comey traces the leadership that influenced his life and reflects on impactful career moments. A higher loyalty delivers far more content and exceeds expectations!
 After reading his book, I believe James Comey to be man of integrity. I like the way he writes with transparency and honesty about his life. He recounts the events leading up to his firing as FBI director in a way that helps the reader see how he was blindsided by that announcement. This book is written from Comey’s perspective and his decades of experience in law enforcement. A must read for all American voters.
 I approached this book with no expectations of new information. I couldn't have been more wrong. This is a well written history of an honest man's life from youth through a distinguished position in law enforcement. But the bottom line here is that I believe the author to be a man of admirable values. Read it.
 I thought this would be a very dry read, blaming Trump for all his troubles.  Surprisingly, this compelling story is so much more.  It describes what ethical leadership should look like and points out the dangers of silently accepting that kind of leadership today.<br/><br/>So many of us roll our eyes at the news, mutter under our breathes and try to forget what we just heard.  This book has inspired me to think of ways I can be more proactive in voicing my opinion when things are wrong.<br/><br/>I think Mr. Comey would be pleased in knowing this.
 Good account of a perilous time in our history. Director Comet will be sorely missed. Until he returns to public life.
 Interesting insight onto all 3 previous presidents. I especially enjoyed the chapters on leadership and it makes me so angry that Comey was fired. We need him at the FBI!
 The perspective is clearly one of someone who values institutions over characters who come and go on the national<br/>stage
 Very good and easy read book.
 Enjoyed reading about the author's early history; childhood, education, work, etc.  Very well written.
 Very well written book, a very nice read. Not certain why there is anything to be concerned about it’s content. Any person seeking a leadership position or position of responsibility will relate. “But,” after the fire, re-building will be very slow. Thank God, for our young people; their anticipated bright future and future good they will bring... (UN-Ping CO)
 Former Director Comey paints a brilliant pickup of his early life, career, and time inside of the Trump White House. He has successfully pulled back the veil of power and described the atrocious nature “45” has acted as Commander in Chief in his time in the office.<br/><br/>To Comey closing point, I do believe something better will bloom from the forest fire of Trump that is more inclusive of all- we just need to destroy before we can build.<br/><br/>Truly looking for to that time!!!
 I thought It told a lot about the man that Comey really is. There was so much more to him than I ever had any idea
 Amazing read on truth, leadership, and our values.
 In all the clouded and confusing cacophony in today's world, there is a man who followed the truth and shared it with the American public.  Comey offers his clear and astute  thoughts on decisions he has made.  He offers himself up to the readers and lets us decide.  For one, I hope that men like James Comey continue to remind us about how important the truth is--and will always be for all and how damaging lies are and always will be. It seems so simple and yet has taken us down a dark path.  Perhaps Mr. Comey come will continue to write.
 Comey's book is actually enlightening!  It goes way deeper than the "sensationalism"  expressed in the media.  Read it for yourself and you decide!
 Interesting book. It was a bit self-serving and sanctimonious, but the anecdotes were riveting.  The pace was crisp.  Well written.
 This is an excellent book detailing the last few years and the present in US politics. The author makes a great effort to share his own experiences, thought processes, decisions and reflections while not claiming that his is the only way. A very good read for anyone wondering how the country got to where it is now, and what to do about it.
 A memoir of a man in the news.  He makes clear the position of the FBI being a politically independent agency.  He emphasizes what we should all know, that we must have provable material, not just opinion in investigations.
 James Comey is a fine, honest man and I'm so sorry to see him booted out.  He has led an honest life and doesn't deserve the treatment he has received.  However, it took reading 70% of his book to get to the Trump jerk.
 From Gary McCray Barbara's Husband.<br/>A man of great integrity and capability faces head on, a pack of selfish, deceitful jackals.<br/>Our government is doomed and everything in it is being undermined by an elitist President with no thought for anyone but himself and a GOP leadership  determined to strip the very foundations of our government to scraps for their own enjoyment and control.<br/>He stood no chance from the start and neither do we if we do not learn from his absolutely impeccable example.<br/>We are at war and our government is the enemy of the people.<br/>Figure it out before we all descend in to Hell.<br/>Read this book - Honesty versus Lies, selfishness versus selflessness, if you cannot understand that we are all doomed.
 I'm only on the first chapter, he's very good writer, and he has a lot in this book... like a bio to what's been happening throughout his career, includes the part when he was (wrongfully) let go!! Trump just likes to say "You're fire" so to keep people (that knows the real truth) to keep their mouth shut!!
 This book was factual, honest and ethical......he didn’t bash Trump, only told the truth!! And the truth will come out!
 I'm rating this 5 stars because it was a genuinely engaging read. If the events of the 2016 election weren't still so unpleasant to remember, I think I'd even enjoy rereading it. As it is, even though I disagree with some of the author's choices, I respect those choices a little more having read his book, and that's really what I look for from a memoir.
 Very honest book about all that went on about Hillary Clinton and her emails and how difficult the FBI had in trying to come to a conclusion before the election.  Donald Trump lied about his part in the election and Russia interfering with the election.  I'm glad that James took careful notes about all of his meetings with Mr. Trump so the public can see for themselves that this was not a fair election and that Donald Trump is not to be trusted with the highest office in this Country.
 I find Mr Comey writes as would a grammar teacher, repeating things in the supposition the reader hasn’t retained a prior explanation.  Otherwise his book is enlightening and at times interesting, given the subject matter.
 Most of it is boring, concentrating too much on Comey’s feelings instead of just stating events.
 The book was very good in helping me understand Mr. Comey's actions in regards to Hillary Clinton, as well as with Mr. Trump under very difficult circumstances.  It was well written and very thoughtful as well as thought provoking.  The book accurately reflects what Mr. Comey  stated in public.  It also gives incite into the kind of man Mr. Comey is, honest, caring and a true patriot. I commend Mr. Comey for his candor in the book and I hope only the best for him in his future.  Everyone should read the book.  I went into the book with preconceived ideas and came out of it with a whole different perspective.
 I've just started reading it and it is fascinating! I was hooked by the introduction. The reader knows exactly why this book is a must read in this perilous political landscape.
 A great American Patriot who was in a tough position, but gives his account of what happened.
 Many others have rated this book 5 stars and I  join with them in applauding James Comey. The book is much less about Trump and much more about honesty, integrity and leadership. It is extremely well written and explains the workings of the FBI in a manner that is easily understood. I cannot recommend it more highly.
 A believable and fascinating perspective of our former FBI director.  He writes well and persuasively.  He will easily win the day against Trump.
 We live in a nation where the written word frees those who take the time to read into everyone’s account.
 Everyone should read this book, regardless of whether or not it validates your political beliefs or affects your partisan leanings.
 I enjoyed reading this book. I loved his honesty and the humour.
 This is an excellent “journal”style of what Comey experienced. Very well written!
 I believe him. This then opens up to believe the poor quality of our president.  Makes you sure to vote.
 Enjoyed reading Comey’s book...he has his flaws as a person (that he attests to) but I thought he came across as honest in his descriptions of what occurred...more so than you know who...
 This is an awesome book that allowed readers to gain a full understanding of the workings of the legal justice system and how difficult it was to reach the conclusions of the decisions leading up to the 2016 election.  I have already recommended this book to at least 5 of my friends.
 I like this very well-written book. Jim Comey tells it like it is. All Americans should read this book-right now!
 Insightful and probably truthful account of Comey's life of public service. Good overview of the workings of the FBI and Judicial system. Clarifies questions around several high level investigations.
 Slow to start but all came together. A few good nuggets of wisdom on leadership. However disappointed in his failure to follow through on his own lessons.
 This is a well written story that suck you in from page one. Comey writes in a style that is not ponderous or too partisan to tell his story. Political considerations aside this is a good read!
 This story, which is not at an end, needs not only told but followed. It is a testimony to a branch of government service that must stand the test of time and resist the possibility of selected sponsorship or directives standing in the way of an objective voice in government.
 I'm not done yet but I must say this book is pleasantly surprising, well written, engaging and interesting! For every kid called a nerd in school and bullied by others, read this, you could grow up to head up the FBI! He may have too much confidence but gosh, I am impressed with his commitment to family and country...and the truth no matter where it leads. I can see why Trump was intimidated to death by Mr. Comey. Trump came face to face with his nightmare: an honorable man. Scared him to death.
 Excellent book. James Comey is an excellent writer and story teller. Some truly funny anecdotes made for fun reading. But most importantly his clear thinking and high sense of values gave this book its gravitas. James Comey comes through as a man of integrity. This country can mourn the fact that he is no longer serving this country. I highly- HIGHLY- recommend this book.
 No new info, but this book does give insight to the thinking behind Director Comey's decisions. Well-written and thoughtful. Concise.
 This book was by Divine Intervention I feel sure. So glad it's going to enlighten people. Thank you, Mr. Comey.
 A great book on leadership, trust. Through his experience from the US justice department and FBI, Comey showed us why truth finding is important to the American democracy.
 Very interesting background info on FBI and Mr. Comey HImself. Left me with a very respectful impression of him.
 i found the book to be very enjoyable. It gave good background to who Mr. Comey was as a person and how his values were developed over his years in government.  It also gave a good impression on the responsibility of the FBI. I found Mr. Comey to be very straight forward and committed to his to the independence of the department.
 An absolute must read for ALL Americans. It’ll change your life.
 Fantastic...captivating... so much I didn't know about Comey's career. So many historical moments. Highly recommend.
 The Trump stuff is somewhat old news by now, but the refresher course on Comey's career at the FBI and his interaction with several Presidents and their staffs is fascinating. Enjoyed it much.
 This book is about so much more than the attention it has received regarding Trump.  James Comey's reflection on his life, the people and events that have formed his world view, and how the framework of the law informs his decisions. He doesn't reach conclusions lightly.  He is candid and honest.  There is no throwing anyone under the bus -- he recounts interactions with others through his eyes but makes it clear that their actions and decisions may have been formed by their own unique views and experiences.<br/><br/>His dealings with mob bosses and other personas is entertaining and informative. A great read, and of course the icing on the cake are the last few chapters detailing his experiences with Trump.
 I have read and listened to the book on my daily drives. Definitely something worth having. It gives you a good perspective pn ethical leadership and gives you a glimpse into potential pitfalls within the US government.
 Enjoyed the book a lot.  It’s very readable, so finished it in two days.  Comey’s voice really comes through, and you get a good sense of the kind of person he is and the way he thinks.  After reading the book you can understand better the different situations he’s been in from his perspective and why he made the decisions he made.
 It was a treat to read such a well written book after listening to what comes out of Donald Trump's mouth. I wish he hadn't been fired especially the way it happened. Mr Coney is a brilliant, kind, honest, hard working man and I would say he is exactly the opposite  of the president.
 Written in a clear and intriguing manner. James Comey gives detailed insight that I feel is well worth reading!
 Aside from recapping what alreadt is known about the postelection drama, it is a useful refresher about the crises of the Bush years and an honest  autobiographical piece.
 Highly recommend reading this book. Very interesting.
 Well written, interesting and timely. I recommend this weather you are a Trump fan or not. Good information about the role of government enties and the importance of check-and-balances.
 Interesting career of Comey, not just a Trump dump.
 Awesome book by a man with real integrity. A lot of good lessons about leadership as well. Good examples of all kinds of leaders from the best to the worst. Definitely worth the time to read it.
 James Comey's writing style is very clear and tries to place you in the room in every scene he describes. In reality, this book covers a 40 year spectrum and like Forrest Gump, James Comey is in so many high profile dramas from his early days in New York prosecuting La Cosa Nostra, to waterboarding during the Bush/Cheney years, including prosecuting Scooter Libby for outing a CIA agent. Only 20% of this book covers the Trump campaign and presidency, but this is what is getting all the media attention. This is a great read for anyone wanting a front row seat in many high profile dramas in the past 40 year history of the political and legal intrigue. Highly recommend reading.
 An insiders view of politicians, their staff members, political movers and shakers, along with financial crimes and the Mafia organization.  In some respects, this is a biography of the author's life, but it concentrates on his government service as an assistant US attorney  US attorney, deputy Attorney General, acting Attorney General, and Director of the FBI.  It covers legal an constitutional questions on various issues, and ends with chapters describing his relationship with President Trump.  Trump never understood that the FBI operates independently of politics, and he summarily fired Comey because he would not do what was politically expedient for Trump.  Comey wrote memos detailing his meetings with Trump, and he kept copies.  In the course of his career, Comey sometimes had to deal with Aristotle's dilemma, i.e., he had to choose between two possible courses of action, where either choice could have negative consequences.
 This book is a very good read no matter what your political affiliation is.
 Very interesting read!  I highly recommend people on both sides of the aisle read this book.  A very good perspective on how people should act in roles of leadership.  I especially loved a behind the scenes look into how each President Comey worked under approached the job.
 A book all Americans should take time to read and reflect on.
 This is a great book to give Americans hope in a time when we need it.  As a fellow federal employee, we all serve for the same reason and Director Comey knows it and lives it.  Thank you!
 This book is excellent. The narrative engaging and pertinent to the topic. The descriptions are enough, not too much. I loved learning about what happened without embellishing or interjecting opinion. I finally understood Comey's actions regarding the in-famous HC emails. I didn't like that he suggested to people that don't feel the impostor syndrome to stop reading...they need help...they need to continue reading.
 Very interesting and honest book. Comey states many unknown facts. Comey opens your eyes and mind to this Administration. Would highly recommend.
 Great book. Has a lot of insight in it. Was not really expecting a lot of autobiography in it. But it gives a great perspective to the kind of person Comey is. Honest and tons of integrity.
 A great peek into the lifd of Comey and tbe depravity of the morally bankrupt trump administration.
 For anyone interested in learning about the virtues of ethical and judicious leadership, or those who want a glimpse into how Washington operates, this is a must read.  Comey has a talent for weaving narrative so that you always feel like you're in the midst of the action without making you feel overwhelmed with information.
 Mr. Comey is an amazing writer and clearly a man of integrity. He deserves far more respect than he has ever gotten from the current administration.
 I appreciated this book as it helped me to better understand Mr. Comey’s decisions.  While I am torn over my feelings about his treatment of the Clinton investigations timing, I now see why he did what he did.  I hope he has found some peace by writing this book.
 A great and well written book.
 I loved this book. Comey writes a book to inspire all of us. There’s quite little on the current administration, and what there is is reflection on principles, not an individual. Comey’s memoir is one of the very best books I’ve ever read.
 Down to earth, accessible and engaging. This book is not about DJT...it is about an exponentially better man. This is a fascinating read about a true leader.
 A quick read. I enjoyed it.
 Mr. Comey has written a book that all Americans should read.  Their are many lessons we can learn from this fine American.  His honesty and integrity shine forth in his actions and his  words.  We are lucky that he has shed light on what happened to him so that we can fix it.  I highly recommend this book.
 There can be no doubt in a clear thinking mind that James Comey is a good and honest man. I wish the same could be said of the subject of his book, Donald J. Trump who, thanks to uniformed and cavalier voters, now sadly runs our country.
 I enjoyed every word of this read.  I now am a big fan of James Comey.
 Everyone who loves or even likes our Great country needs to read this book. James Comey has been straight foreword in his writing. A insight of how the FBI &amp;The DOJ is supposed to work. This appears to be a very patriotic man telling the truth, no matter the pain it causes him. I hope and pray he is correct in his acessment of our country's future. May the " forest fire" in DC bring a better garden for the future of the USA.
 A book from an honest man.
 Great informative book
 Easy read, interesting.
 Well written, thought provoking, insightful anecdotes from decades of service and experience—- also a more detailed and contextual window into recent events surrounding the 2016 election and real logic behind process/decisions.
 This was an excellent book for all to read who are distraught over what Trump has done to this country. He is clearly unethical and “untethered to the truth”. James Comey provides some comfort to those of us who care stating that normalcy will once again prevail and that the scourge of this presidency will be nothing more than a sorrowful footnote.
 Insightful book about Leadership in FBI and lack of in the White House. Too bad Mr. Comey couldn’t serve out his term at the FBI, we could use his moral compass now more than ever. I think mistakes were made during election and after but it’s always easier to critique after it’s all said and done. I hope that the FBI and the Justice system can remain a non-political environment.
 This book is very informative.  So much information not in the 5 minute interviews broadcast on TV!  I now have a more informed opinion on how things are.
 This is a must read for anyone desiring to understand the current political situation or learning about ethical leadership tofay
 James Comey is really one of the best writers I've been familiar with.  Everyone who criticizes him has never read the book. His clear descriptions of the workings of the government are remarkable. He holds a true conscience of what should be done constitutionally.
 Mostly self-serving drivel.
 Anyone interested in the truth about our corrupt president must read this book. Outstanding writing about the inside job trump is doing.
 Regardless of your view this must be read.  We must do the work if we presume to have an opinion on our national predicament, our president, our point of view.  We must articulate our position or view based on fact not solely on belief but defend it with kindness and respect.<br/><br/>Director Comey has for the most part written a book on leadership and values.  It is consistent with almost 30 years of my experience of being trained and training in leadership in a profession, like Director Comey’s, that was dedicated to the protection of the American People and the Constitution on which our government is founded.<br/><br/>Less than 20 percent of this book deals with the current occupant of the Presidency.  It’s instruction in values, obligations, integrity, and dedication as fundamental tenets of leading others and being responsible to and for others is the primary lesson to be gained.  A leader must above all care deeply for those whom he leads.<br/><br/>Believe it was Eric Sevareid who wrote “There is no honor or privilege without responsibility.”  One today might add accountability.<br/><br/>Would also point out to Director Comey another line from If by Rudyard Kipling, which he quotes, to be mindful of “Don’t look to good, nor talks to wise.”  I say this tongue in cheek - I enjoyed the book.
 Upfront, humble and honest account of a man doing his best to represent the FBI's core values.
 Well written and thoughtful. Thank you Jim Comey for your integrity and leadership. Every American should read this. It has no tabloid feel like one might perceive. We need more leaders like this man.
 Comey is a natural storyteller. He writes with humor, honesty and a true sense of history, as he relates astounding events. A must read!
 I enjoyed reading this well-written book. I learned a lot about how the Dept. of Justice and the FBI work with the government and are essential for checks and balances to preserve our democracy.  I appreciate who Mr Comey is and for writing this book.
 The most liked was the call to us as individuals to seek truth &amp; have the patience to get all the facts prior to judgement as an informed citizen.<br/>Least liked was the inclusion of details that, maybe necessary, we're offensive.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/A-Higher-Loyalty-Truth-Lies-and-Leadership/dp/B074J6F41V">A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership</a><br/>James Comey's book ties together all the stories you've read about him.  He is believable and consistent.  Consistent in the book details with congressional testimonies, press briefings and recent book tour interviews (I recommend the NPR Fresh Air interview).  Every thing he says is so easy to believe as he is consistent with himself and the portrayal of others is consistent with how they behave and speak in public.<br/><br/>Although the press has focussed on his damning statements about Trump, this is only smal (and important) part of the book.  He goes into the Hillary email issues at length.<br/><br/>I find Comey's book and version of these historical moments so much more believable than Hillary, Trump, and so much of the press and pundit reviews of him.  These pundits need to have an "angle" other than smart guy doing a hard job in controversial, gonna make someone mad, situations.
 Beginning with the first pages, I was calmed amidst the chaos that is the Trump presidency.  This book is beautifully written by a man who lives in his integrity.  I agree that we had no good choice in the last election but I didn't expect to get someone who is trying to destroy democracy.  I can only hope the next presidential election brings us someone like a James Comey and it won't take too long to fix us as a nation.  Thank you for this book.
 A must read for all Americans.  James Comey writes well and from the heart.  His love of our country is apparent and his determination to do the right thing is inspirational.
 Very well written, entertaining and absolutely delightful reading. A must read for this day and time. Very uplifting to read honest and forthright affirmation of the ethical qualities that are the heart of what makes America America and exposes the very threat to our way of life.
 James Comey is an excellent storyteller and this book is full of great stories about people following principle over loyalty to others and the importance of good leadership. Comey’s comparisons of the Trump presidency to mafia gangs are both entertaining and down right scary.
 I LIKE JAMES COMEY AND THE BOOK WAS VERY INSIGHTFUL. HOWEVER WITH THAT BEING SAID I HAVE A FEW THINGS. WHEN HE CLOSED THE HILLARY CLINTON CASE IT SHOULD HAVE STAYED THAT WAY. HE NEVER SHOULD HAVE RELEASED THAT HE WAS AGAIN INVESTING THE E-MAILS BECAUSE OF ANTHONY WEINER'S E-MAILS ESPECIALLY WITHOUT READING THEM FIRST. UNLESS HE ALSO SAID AT THE SAME TIME THAT TRUMP'S PEOPLE NOT TRUMP YET WAS BEING INVESTIGATED FOR RUSSIAN TIES. BECAUSE TO ME THAT WAS A HECK OF A LOT MORE IMPORTANT TO KNOW THAN A BUNCH OF E-MAILS. HE DID COST HILLARY THE ELECTION. HILLARY SHOULD HAVE BEEN OUR PRESIDENT. IT WAS HER TIME AND SHE WOULD HAVE BEEN A GOOD ONE AS WELL. HOWEVER INSTEAD WE HAVE BEEN SADDLED WITH A THIN SKINNED, RACIST, SEXIST, BIGOTED, CORRUPT, BULLY. TWITTER FINGERS TRUMP THE PILLSBURY DOUGH BULLY LIES AND HAS NO MORALS AND ONLY THINKS OF HIMSELF. SO WITH THE HELP OF PUTIN AND ASSANGE HE IS NOW OUR PRESIDENT.
 An excellent read. One cannot help but admire and like the man. He thouroughly explained his actions on many contoversial issues and it was interesting to get his insider views. Further, it was an easy and quick read as Comey’s style is light, even when tackling the most difficult subjects. I also appreciated his final thoughts of hope that we will get through the crisis of this presidency, and come out stronger in the end. Comey is a good writer, a faithful public servant and an honorable man.
 This book is a thorough and detailed accounting of leadership styles - or lack thereof - on select individuals ranging from mobsters to Presidents.  It illustrates the danger and impact of lies told and the hope and expectation that truth will prevail.
 This memoir is an important piece in the analysis of turn of the century politics in the United States. It is unfortunate that the media hype for this book has been about the more recent turmoil in James Comey's service to his country. True, the Trump administration is different and in many ways dysfunctional. But it is only in the part of the book, that he deals with it's dysfunction.  If one reads carefully, President Trump is only a more obvious and verbal and transparent figure in his disdain for the judiciary and the justice department. Dick Cheney and others in the Bush 43 administration are portrayed as far more sinister in their actions to sublimate justice after 9/11.  His admiration for President Obama is evident and little discussed in the media. Comey had his issues with the Justice Department, especially Loretta Lynch although he never says that she had sinister intent. His dealings with the Clinton email controversy is well outlined. His dilemma with his communication regarding his investigation and its reopening was inadequately described in the book and his naivety that its reopening would not influence the election is remarkable. He supposes that the average American voter understands how the investigative system and justice system works.<br/><br/>His demeaning comments about President Trump's physical flaws add nothing to the book. I can understand why he wrote them in as these kinds of notations sell books. They added nothing to the story he had to tell. He should have left them out.<br/><br/>I appreciate that he does not give loyalty to a  person. What makes America great is that we are loyal to an idea. Even if we disagree on the interpretation of the Constitution, we can all be American. His loyalty seems to be to honesty and integrity which is admirable. However the highest loyalty should be to one's reading of the Constitution. I just wished he had said it.
 Great book, a real page turner.  Despite what the media may have said, most the book is not about Trump/Clinton.  It was a little bit of a history lesson for me on organized crime etc.
 This is a very personal account, yet the subject (the state of our politics) affects everyone.  Read it because it will make a difference in how you perceive the history being made at this moment in our country.
 Well written, and deeply interesting.
 I couldn’t put this book down. It was interesting, informative, and eye-opening. I wish our current president were like Jim Comey...honest, truthful, intelligent, and a true leader.
 In contrast to what was discussed in the media, this book is not about petty fights but a very interesting biography of a very bright man who has a tremendous amount of experience. I am deeply impressed.
 I believe this man. He seems sincere and able to understand what happened. I also agree that he knows what’s happening in our country, the poison the current man in the Oval Office is creating and how it might effect us.
 Thoughtful writing with what I felt was insightful self reflection.  Enjoyed the book very much
 This book is a must for anyone wanting a factual narrative of Comey’s role in the 2016 election and his subsequent firing. Along with the facts you get an explanation of why he acted as he did regarding the Clinton emails, as well as his prior career-ending actions based on principle. Incidents in his early life and career are the deep background to his world view and principles of action. As to the facts, I have no trouble crediting the accuracy of his account. He frames the book as an essay on moral and ethical leadership. You need read no further than the title of the tale to know that the current occupant of the White House won’t fare well in the telling. Don’t get hung up on the personal swipes he takes against his chief antagonist; given the way he was dismissed and later publicly savaged, he’s entitled to a few smacks back. As to particular judgments that Comey made with regard to the Clinton emails, he invites disagreement; he gives readers all the ammunition they need to criticize and judge his actions. If you come to the book with strong opinions on that subject, they may come away intact, but atleast you will be operating with a fuller factual record. Only three major players get out of this book largely unscathed: Comey, his wife Patrice, and Barack Obama, whom he openly admires. That fact alone will motivate attacks on him from the political right for the rest of his life. My takeaways from the book are that Comey is an honest and admirable man, highly intelligent and intellectual. His fatal flaw is that in seeking to keep the FBI (and earlier, the Justice Department) above politics, he failed to fully appreciate that some decisions are inherently political, and will be judged without mercy by the politicians they affect. I am reminded of Sir Thomas More, and we all know what happened to him.
 It's hard not be political but Trump fans won't like this read especially if you don't like to hear the truth.
 This was one of many books I have read since 2016 election to understand, as a Republican who has felt disenfranchised by my party for almost 29 years, what has happened.  I found this book largely suggesting values consistent with the Republican Party I knew and it provides a narrative on leadership that is valuable for any who care about the underlying traits of strong leadership.
 The 2016 election was a turbulent time in America and anyone who followed it closely (was it possible not to?) got used to seeing James Comey in the headlines. Comey provides interesting first hand accounts of all of the familiar events that placed him in the spotlight and provides valid reasoning for some of his more controversial decisions. Whether or not you agree with his actions I believe you will come out the other end of this book respecting his decision making process.<br/><br/>The more recent topics are undoubtedly what will pull in most readers but I actually found the preceding chapters to be the most interesting. The book starts during his early life and goes in chronological order from his time as a stock boy at the local grocery store to his time as deputy attorney general in the bush administration. The later is especially interesting due to his involvement in challenging the status quo of post 9/11 interrogation programs that were ethically questionable to say the least. I was also unaware that he was the prosecutor of the Martha Stewart Insider Trading case when he was U.S attorney for the southern district of New York which makes for an interesting chapter.<br/><br/>In short, It's a quick and entertaining read about someone who's led an interesting life and interacted with integral figures in recent history. It can be hard to put down.
 Long live the truth! Thank you James Comey.
 I have been upset with Director James Comey since he announced the FBI was reopening the Hillary Clinton email investigation which lost her the 2016 election, however, I wanted to know what he had to say about it.  The book reads like some of my favorite fiction novels and therefore 5 stars.  I appreciate what he has to say about the USA focusing on our values as a nation and not on political policies, because, as a nation, we are getting lost in the weeds.  I, also, appreciate that he believes there is hope that the USA will, someday, be a safe and respected nation for everyone, and not manipulated by dictators.  I hope to live to see that.
 Great book love James Comey it's so true buy it
 Mr. Comey's book, much anticipated and criticized by tribal partisans, struck me as a much more even handed memoir of his time in government and his philosophical reflections on the nature of leadership, ethics, and respect for process and truth. The objections from the authoritarian right, i.e. Trump supporters, need not be analyzed -- their patriarch's disorganized thinking, anti-democratic tendencies, and corruption is exposed. Ascriptions  of sanctimony and out-and-out egoism are commonly heard by media talking heads but I did not come away with impression. In fact, Comey goes out of his way multiple times in the book to address this charge and admits insight into the fact that he can have an inflated ego at times. A good portion of the book is Comey discussing his internal ethical struggles and evolution on such matters. This is not the type of dialogue one would expect from a narcissist. He may be a flawed character but so is everyone. His message is important and his story is worth sharing. Comey need not be canonized but he is far from the villain that the authoritarian's would make him out to be.
 A refreshing take on leadership and morality.  Trump isn't even mentioned until the end of Chapter Nine - Mr. Comey has so much more to share than just his interactions with Trump.  It's well worth the read, and I finished it in about five hours.
 James Comey’s world wind life is captured grippingly in this book. While most of the PR is about Trump, this book reaches further to reproduce many parts of Mr. Comey’s life that intersect with major events over the last 40 years. It is well written and ring both true and sincere.
 It is refreshing to read honesty and integrity. I found the book inspirational. I love how Mr Comey worked so hard to be a good leader.<br/>I wish he was our President.
 Despite all of the media and attention brought to the salacious portions of the book, the underlying message about what makes a good leader is what this book is actually about. Excellent read by a true leader.
 An easy read. Clear and illuminating account of the firing of James Comey and what it reveals about Trump and his corrupt administration.
 I decided to order this book from Amazon despite thinking that I knew what would be in it from the various pre-publication interviews but I was wrong. James Comey is a good writer and one who reminds us of the best American values that we are in jeopardy of losing if we don't resist the temptation to ignore the ills of this Administration. He takes us through his own upbringing and life - personal and professional, illustrating how he came to believe what he does and why it is so important that we all do what is needed to ensure that truth, real facts, honesty, integrity, rule of law, and decency prevail.
 I expected James Comey’s “A Higher Loyalty” to come in at about 400 pages and that most of it would be a very detailed indictment of President Trump.  Wrong, the book is a slim 277 pages and Trump is barely mentioned until page 211.  Up until then it has been an autobiography of sorts with a fairly heavy dose of introspection – and that’s a good thing.  Because it is Comey building a foundation which not only explains where he came from and how he got there, but also what his makeup is, what his values are.  And what he expects of himself….and others.  I expected it to be a prosecution, a rehash of every bit of negative evidence even remotely connected to Trump.  Wrong. The book is very well written and flows well, covering events well known to those who have been paying attention over the past two years, and with just the right amount of detail.  While there are no major revelations, “A Higher Loyalty” does lay out Comey’s thought process on the key events, e.g. Clinton’s emails, and shares his reasons for the choices he made, as well as how he saw likely outcomes for other choices.  And lastly, given it’s seemingly lofty title,  I expected the book to be a glowing salute to every step taken by the ex-FBI director before and after his termination.  Wrong again.  Comey explains and doesn’t whine.  He admits to some errors but does not express any major regrets.<br/><br/>There are other pluses.  Comey talks about his meetings with Obama and Bush over the years and compares the three presidents.  He wasn’t a big fan of Obama but appreciated his “ethical leadership” skills.  He remarks how Obama found time to laugh and worked hard to make people around him feel comfortable.  He adds that he never saw Trump laugh, except when it was at someone’s expense.  Comey does not get defensive about his Clinton email actions (see more on this below).<br/><br/>There are several other sections I enjoyed very much and/or found engrossing and I think you will too:<br/>Page x (Author’s Notes) – Comey’s faults as he sees them<br/>Page 62 – Why people are prosecuted for lying to the FBI<br/>Page 163 – Interesting detail about Clinton emails and how many were classified “Secret” and “Top Secret”<br/>Page 181 - The three hour plus interview with Clinton and her five person legal team<br/>Page 188 – Three ways Russia tried to interfere with U.S. elections<br/>Page 213 – Biden at an Obama staff meeting taking the conversation in “Direction Z”<br/>Page 217ff – The Intelligence team meeting Team Trump at Trump Tower pre-inauguration<br/>Page 267 – Perhaps the most stunning passage of all.  The phone call between Trump and McCabe where our president makes his “loser” comment.  Stunning.  Our president.<br/><br/>There are a few passages in “A Higher Loyalty” I found to be disappointing. Three times by my count Comey mentions noticing white skin at Trump’s eyes, apparently caused by eye protection for sun bed use.  This seemed rather small of the author as does a comment about hand size, but these are rather minor flaws.  I also thought Comey got a little preachy when explaining to his audience the relative merits of “intelligence” v “judgment”.<br/><br/>Over the days just before the books release (Apr.2018) and in the week after, Comey has taken a fair number of hits from reviewers, cable news commenters, op-ed essayists, and late night TV hosts over the Clinton email episode.  The criticism has been much harsher compared to the days following his Senate Intelligence committee hearings last summer and I’m not sure why.  In “A Higher Loyalty” Comey does a good job in laying out his case, and poses the somewhat rhetorical question, “what would you have done differently”.  As mentioned above, he suggests a number of alternatives, then makes very good arguments against each and every one of them.  Of course, Hillary doesn’t agree, and some pollsters tend to support her position.  I have a different view.  I feel that Clinton is solely responsible for her defeat.  She ran a lackluster campaign and proved to be a terrible campaigner on camera.  Given Trump’s total lack of experience and horrible behaviors particularly toward women, Clinton should have had at least a 15 point lead going into those final days and thus would have been in a position to withstand the email issue.  Instead she and her team made the classic mistake of playing safe, a terrible strategy as evidenced by results in the Midwest.  Consequently, Trump was never completely out of the race as he should have been and Clinton has only herself to blame for that.<br/><br/>I think this is an excellent book and I recommend it highly, even for those of you who feel you know it all and don’t have to hear it again.  This is more than sound bites and news clips.  Read the entire case from beginning to end.  It may surprise you.
 This book goes far beyond the unacceptable behavior of Donald Trump.  We are provided with with a well driven narrative of the positive and negative influences and experiences that formed  James Comey's view of leadership and his decision making.  I had no idea of his personal or work history. K<br/>I would encourage anyone to read this book regardless of their political leaning.  You may disagree with his actions, but will find that his reasoning in making the decisions he made was well thought out and his north star was to do what was best for  the American people and our institutions.<br/>Thank you James Comey for all you have done for us and best wishes for you going forward.
 Enlightening and insightful! Mr. Comey delivers such a clear definition of ethical leadership that this should be required reading at all of the service academies.
 Short and simple. The most readable memoir I've come across in years. One would not think a book about the FBI and politics written by one man, who was squarely in the thick of things for years, would move me so deeply.
 Great read!  This book is worth the purchase.
 If you find yourself concerned about the direction our country is taking, about the loss of the rule of law, this is a must read book. Director Comey is a talented author and I enjoyed reading his book. You can understand the man behind the decisions he made. There is so much controversy over his firing and this book clarifies what led up to it and to how it could prove to be obstruction of justice.
 It was good to read the early chapters that revealed where James Comey was coming from with his attitudes toward bullying, ethics, and honesty.  I was interested in his reactions to reluctant encounters with the President.  I strongly recommend this book.
 Great INSIGHT to this uncertain and untested journey we are on.
 haven't read yet good so far
 This a must read for everyone.<br/>He is my hero
 I loved the total honesty of this man. The love of the FBI and the love of our country was evident throughout the book. I feel a great injustice was committed on him and hope it will be corrected somehow.
 Much of the book expands Jim Comey’s thoughts and action concerning the Hillary Clinton e mail mess.. The part of the book covering Comey’s interaction with Donald Trump is relatively brief.<br/>The story is essential to understanding the most recent period of our country,s history but leaves the reader with a thirst for other views of this “ forest fire” we are witnessing.
 When I heard about this book coming out, I was disappointed. It seemed distasteful that a recently fired FBI director would publish a tell all book contemporaneous to current political events. But after reading the book, I am grateful that his story was told and that I have a better understanding of what happened. There are a lot of things I dislike about former director Comey. He is often sanctimonious, pious, full of himself and at other times just petty and vengeful. The book is not well written; at times it's hard to get through. But the story is so important, so worthwhile that you just stick with it. I found the story mostly believable and found myself saying 'wow'  numerous times. There are lies in here. You just have to figure out for yourself what they are. And you just have to get past the self serving nature of those lies to the bigger, more important story. Overall I found it a worthwhile read.
 Very will written!
 This book is more than just Mr. Comey’s thoughts on DT. I found it a wonderful read on the author. For someone with such an amazing resume, I found his personal story very humbling. The book is easy to read as he brings you into his life. I was not disappointed, it reaffirmed my faith in him and in the law enforcement community. Thank you for your service!
 Thank you!
 The outer jacket had some marks on it.  Other than that, the books binding felt as if the book had never been open.  I cannot wait to read this book!
 Astonishing clarity and depth of thought.
 Somewhat let down because not much new material was revealed.  One can blame that on today's coverage of all things Trump. It was well written but at times a little wordy.<br/>Was I glad I read it?  Yes. I will probably be referring back to this book in the future as this issue comes to a head in the future.
 Some of Comey’s early life was interesting. However I didn’t really learn anything new. Yes Trump was very unprofessional and almost gutless in the way Comey was fired.
 Solid read. Nice to get another point of view other than Trump’s twitter feed. As always, perfect shipping.
 inspiring!
 Fascinating look into an interesting life. Compelling and convincing. Comey has served this country well.
 Good read
 A great and truthful book, I believe every word.<br/><br/>who are you going to believe, Director Comey, or the lier Trump.
 Absolutely loving the book! Very well written . After a long time found a book that I can’t put away
 I felt it was a very honest writing of events from Comey's perspective. He comes across as a very intelligent, thoughtful and sincere person truly dedicated to serving the American people. I felt at times that he was hiding behind the protection of his position, particularly at the FBI and less that fully forthright in expressing his concerns to President Trump. He appeared to be allowing Pres. Trump to assume he was in agreement with what he was saying rather than saying "no Mr. President that is not what I understand to be the case, or no, I don't believe that is correct". Instead, he took the "nice guy" approach and said nothing. That can be interpreted as somewhat dishonest.
 Thank you.
 This book is about so much more than Trump, or Hillary's emails! It is almost an autobiography of James Comey's professional career and what he feels is necessary to make a great leader. It is only in the last 2 chapters that he addresses his interactions with Trump and how he was fired and found out when seeing it on TV--what a cowardly way to do so!! He also explains why he thought he had to reopen the email question after getting Wiener's computer. It is an excellent, believable read.
 Have not finished the book.
 Great writing and story
 Great book, whichever side of politics or Trumpism you are on. A must read, if you value the truth.
 Well written. Covers much more than Trump. I really enjoyed reading this and found it really compelling.
 I came to this book with an open mind as a Democrat who thought Coney faced impossible choices in 2016.
 Our country is divided as it hasn't been for more than a hundred years. A Higher Loyalty: offers hope that our country is strong enough to weather this storm and come out better than before with our help.
 Wow! Fantastic book! I haven’t been able to put it down. So open and honest. A must read!
 This book held my attention rapt on every page.<br/><br/>James Comey strikes me as the rare man who has committed himself to certain ideals and does not stray from them. He also strikes me as the rare man who can defy cynicism despite constant exposure to the realities of the justice system and government.<br/><br/>This boom is a testament to the many hard decisions he had to make, when the options were often bad or<br/>worse. It brought to mind a prayer I hold close that calls us to choose the hard right over the easy wrong.<br/><br/>This book is a must read.
 SUPER  ... SHOWS THERE ARE SOME HONEST MEN !!!<br/>d
 Read this book!  Here is an honest assessment of what transpired.  When James Comey knew he was up against a pathological liar, he kept a record of the events as they transpired.  Self serving?  Sure, but also providing the public with an accurate record of events which many will choose to deny.  Eventually, the evidence will mount to the point where even the most die-hard Trump supporters will realize what damage this man can cause to the future of this country.  It will be a difficult resurrection, but it will occur, and the nation will honor the truth that James Comey gave us.
 Parents love the book. Thanks! Great condition and arrived on time.
 Hard to put down!  Very interesting stories so far that provides insight into several high profiles cases, clashes between what the leaders of the Executive Branch want versus what the law requires of those in the Justice Department going back across multiple administrations.  The early insights into Comey's personal background (the first 35% of the book) paint a picture.  Comey is not afraid to write about his personal flaws either, a sign of true self-esteem.
 This has been an interesting read. It is a memoir written by an individual who seems to have a clear and level recollection of his life events. It is striking that the author can clearly remember certain incidents and can graphically describe scenes yet is unable to remember crucial parts that play into the narrative of the memoir. The narrative is lopsided in that this reader gets the feeling that the author is constantly trying to promote his ability to judge and process difficult episodes in his life. The author has made some very bold and critical judgements of others which impart a sense of great bias and self accreditation of being a person beyond reproach. Some of his pronouncements are hard to buy into. Memoirs are an expose of the self......I was not convinced of this author’s neutrality.
 I was disappointed that the portion of the book dealing with the events of 2016-to the present was scant. However, reading it gives great insight into the clash between the American President and the FBI and Justice Department, which is not yet pacified.  In a review I wrote elsewhere, I say: This is not the only story of its kind likely to emerge to tell the tale of a nation being culled of its best and brightest by men and women whose goals are wealth and power, in whatever branch of government, whichever side of the aisle, or from the shadows.  That is the message I draw from A Higher Loyalty.  I suspect many readers will find similar or opposing messages, all of which make this a compelling reading experience for those of us who care how the story ends. I recommend this to anyone curious as to where and why our government disappoints us.
 Comey had a chilling childhood. Excellent read. Well worth reading for the real facts behind the scenes with one of the most dishonest, narcissistic, pathological liars ever in our history. Comey has a lifetime of law enforcement experience. His service has always been distinguished.
 Anyone following politics knows that Comeys new gig is speaking about ethics. His engagements are at colleges and businesses. If you bought this book thinking it would contain salacious details about 45 and the FIB then you'd be looking in the wrong place. This book was written to describe, in his own words, his ethics and how they played roles in his decision making. Not a leaked tell all about the nasty goings on. I think he accomplished what he meant to with this book.
 This book is for everyone . It's a must read, I am so sorry you had to go through this. You served our nation well.
 I was very impressed with this book and with James Comey. I only wish that we as a nation had him for our president. He is a man with honor and a Conscience. It is too bad that Trump fired him, he didn’t deserve that!
 I would say that until the current president I really didn't pay much attention to politics. To say it was something I ignored would be accurate. Now it has become pretty hard to ignore. The couple interviews I have seen Jim Comey give made me curious as I can always appreciate someone that seems to have a sense of humor about themselves. What he said I took as his point of view and not someone with really an axe to grind like may be I would feel after being fired the way he was. I really enjoyed his book for what it felt like to me a look at a person who is very intelligent and driven. He admits his faults and doesn't think he's perfect but strives to be at least ethical and follow the rules. In my opinion if more people strived for this we would have a much more kind society. Listening as he points out to others opinions isn't the worst thing in the world and being open to them doesn't hurt either. Thanks Mr. Comey for affirmation that not everyone in Washington is just out for themselves.
 The first half of this book was very enjoyable. I was able to really get in to the book as if I was living out the events myself. Well written and captivating. As the book progressed however, it quickly took a political turn. It became James Comey complaining about how life was unfair and he wasn't given a fair shake. He then slanders the current and past presidents and talks about how he acted with nothing but the best intentions.
 Thought provoking piece that puts leadership at the center of the storm. Mr. Comey excels at putting the reader in his most decisive moments as a prosecutor to leader of the FBI. 5 stars
 This is a surprising book. Critics have said the hat it novelized history and that Comey should have waited to write it. I disagree. The timeliness of it is crucial and the style of writing is captivating. Several times in the book, Mr. Comey says he is tryin to bring the reader to his experiences. How it looked and felt. What were his very private thoughts at very private moments. He has succeeded.<br/>This NOT your typical “there at the creation” political memoir. It is intimate in a way that sets it miles above other political books. It is instructive in its purpose without being stuffy or pedantic.<br/>Comey’s high standards apply t
 Very interesting.  He definitely was qualified for the positions he held.  Recommend all to read.
 I think Comey is still serving.  Getting his memos out was a risk - but in his mind - democracy was worth the risk.  We should all agree.  Somebody has to lead!  Scary times.
 Fabulous writing... I LOVED this book. The first television discussions of it emphasized and distorted the book's message by only focusing on the final two or three chapters which discussed interactions with Trump. The important and real message of the book is contained in many anecdotes from his early days as a young boy, student, and assistant prosecutor. If you read it - you will have a much different view about how he thinks and determines his ethical responses in complex situations. The news folks don't do us a service when they seek ratings rather than facts.
 Thank you Mr. Comey for being honest and opening the eyes of those who are not in the political world on what really goes on.  I am not really interested in politics but for being around for 75 years I learned more about what kind of people and what they do to each other that are in congress and now in the White House.  I sincerely wish I could meet Mr. Comey and tell him what a great job he has done with writing this book.  I could not put it down for that is how well it is written.  I know that I should not be saying this but I well because after reading this book and really thinking about it, it is too bad that the person that is now living in the White House should go back to New York  grow up and learn what leadership really is.  Plus Mr. Comey should be in the White House or even someone else that knows what honesty, and transparency is we would be better off and the everyday people could once again stand proud of this Country.  It is so sad that this author was so chewed up by not only the resident of the White House, and still is to this day by those in Congress that get their 15 minutes of fame on National T.V. stations.  It is pretty sad  that someone who has dedicated their life for the betterment of all of the United States is treated this way.  Hang in there Mr. Comey, as you state in your book, "the fire will burn out".  Thank you again for your honesty.
 I found it interesting that Comey spent considerable time discussing leadership and what makes a good leader. He lists four traits that make a great leader:  kindness and toughness, confidence and humility.  There needs to be a balance. He comes back to this throughout the book. I couldn’t help but to reflect back on my career and mentally measure myself against this criteria. He has obviously spent considerable time internalizing this, as he discusses past managers he has worked for and how they measure up. Clearly President Trump falls way short. The book delves into his thought and decision making process on all the significant topics we are familiar with through the news over the last year. It’s a very good read. Comey is certainly more credible than President Trump.
 One of the most reflective, insightful books about modern politics I have ever read. Absolutely fascinating. I felt I gained a much better understanding of Director Comey's actions during the 2016 election. Comey covers all the angles. He so articulately describes his pressures and dilemmas when swept into the chaos of the Trump administration, the processes involved as he struggled to respond, that I felt like a fly on the wall. His integrity and decency, in my opinion, remain beyond reproach. Come is an absolute patriot. What a tragedy that this good man's career was so abruptly and obscenely ended  by a president so completely unfit on every level. A Higher Loyalty isn't just a compelling read, it's a history book, one that I will save for my grandchildren when I try to describe these appalling times. If Comey were to run for president, I would certainly consider voting for him. Perhaps then, if he won, some sort of justice would be served.
 I never thought he could change my mind, but he did. I actually respect his decision making process and the even the decisions he made that I disagree with.
 Great book!  Tons of interesting information about events that have shaped our country's political landscape over the past several years.  I have always loved James Comey's forthright style.  He is the kind of person we need for President!
 I too had voted for Hillary , but I read this book with an open mind . I had forgiven Mr Comey about what happened during election . He had a very difficult decision to make and I understand . The book was very knowledgeable , opened my eyes to many things .I would highly recommend to read , especially the people that have had their minds made up a long time ago . Open your mind and read .
 I am a conservative. After reading several reviews, I was expecting to be irritated by Mr. Comey's "holier than thou attitude." That was a false assumption on my part. The book was excellent. Mr. Comey is obviously a man of integrity and well read. I believe he has the good of the country as his first priority.  The insight into the Bush and Obama administrations was very interesting, and his description of Trump only reaffirms my fear that the office of the presidency is in disarray. As a history major, I am well aware of what can happen when leaders are incompetent, amoral and ill-prepared for high office. This book should be another warning to every American citizen.
 Candid
 This man has written a great book. I was so impressed with all of it. I hated for it to end which sounds ridiculous but the he explained so much about this world we live in that it was compelling and very believable. He is such an down to earth person and tells it like it is.  I hope he writes more.
 Interesting book more about his whole career then the Trump interactions but I am glad I read it. Helped me understand why he made the decisions he did.
 One of the best books I have ever read
 Truth and integrity with valid insight of character and sound values.  Plus there is and honest common sense vision of current and past administrations and events.  Nothing "fake" about this one!
 Justification of the Clinton emails doesn't work; otherwise an excellent read: well written - important to understand the devastating effect of the trump whitehouse and the complicity of the congress. Comey is a flawed man but certainly one of integrity<br/>Tegrity
 Great book
 Starting with an interesting early life history, then morphing into a grandiose description of high accomplishment and ending up detailing being distraught and  bitter over perceived injustices.
 I was surprised at the background information, but felt it was critical in establishing his "reservoir of honesty and transparency."  There is no way a person can read this and then question his version of any story.  Well-written.  I had assumed it might be written in a less engaging matter, but it was fresh and conversational.  I also felt that it is a narrative of at least three themes:  (1) never assume anything about a person, as I never suspected that this imposing man could have ever come from a background of bullying.  (2) importance of compassionate and values-driven leadership (3) integrity should be the foundation of our Democracy.
 An excellent read and it carried me right along. Comey speaks almost exclusively of his own experience and adds in a good dose of his understanding of how people are. The book carries his early career right into his time under Bush, Obama, and Trump. You get to know him well and share in his insights. There's no political flavor or attitude here, he's never talking policy likes or dislikes.<br/>He is a very "people" person. Seeing and hearing his psychological frameworks in action are helpful to me in a broad sense. Certainly he is a straight arrow, and morality is quite important to him, as it should be. But he is not full of himself either, he can carry a point of view loosely and be ready to find himself wrong. Also I am struck by his attention to setting, he's quite aware of the layout of the rooms and people when he is in a meeting. And noticing non-verbal things like body language as well. Easy and enjoyable to read.
 Much more engaging than the tabloid aspects that are depicted on the news.  Highly recommend.
 Entertaining read 😊
 This seemed to me to be a well-written, interesting, quick read. A man describes his career experiences working in law enforcement and in concert with entities responsible for intelligence gathering and policy making. I enjoyed the intimate accounts of his thought processes as he encountered various situations and decisions. I laughed quite a few times. I appreciate the candor and sense of humor.
 Comey writes from his own life experiences. He shares from his childhood, family, education and career. He tells of the values of truth and humility, and how the modeling of others impacted and his life thereafter. Through the first half of the book he makes the case for these values over politics, prejudice or other things held to by others.<br/>Though the second half of the book is pretty much a defense of his recent actions which have evoked controversy, he uses his experiences, the lessons learned, and the values he has promoted in making the decisions which have been attacked by one political position or another.<br/>Readers looking to bolster their own  political views may be disappointed, as his aim is not political. It transcends politics. Likewise those looking for a bumper-sticker-slogan treatment of deep national and relational issues. It goes way deeper than  that.<br/>Quite interesting is his description of personal encounters with three very different presidents.
 Haven’t finished it yet, but I’m giving it 5 stars to piss off Donny.
 The book, while occasionally interesting and entertaining, was underwhelming, with only occasional sparks. It reaffirms what we already know about the President.
 A great book that adds clarity and perspective to a very “fuzzy” political dynamic that most of us are not familiar with.
 Overall, a well written and humble look into Comey's government workings. Enjoyed very much!
 I knew nothing of James Comey beyond the events that have been so extensively covered in the media. I feel I now understand the man and his handling of events during the Clinton email and 2016 elections.<br/><br/>His perspectives and insights on ethics and leadership are well worth the read in their own right.
 Excellent and easy read.  Despite Comey’s flaws, I believe him and hope more find the courage to speak out as a result of this book.
 he likes it
 This was well worth reading. Comey's intentions were always for the greater good, though the results were not always great. One can only do one's best. Very well written.
 His writings are very believable.  However early in the book he seems a bit over the top in his “Boy Scout” views.  He well expresses political dilemmas.  Most often he cites very good rationale for his decisions.  One glaring exception though was reopening the Clinton e mail investigation.
 I had to read 68%of my Kindelah before Comey begins to say the word Trump. The first 2/3 of the book he continues to pat himself on the back.
 Given the media hype on the book, I expected this to be an anti-Trump rant.  It isn't.  It's more autobiographical than anything else.  The book is well written, an easy read, an eye opener to the grayness of so many decisions in a world where we want things to be clearly right or wrong. I came away with a great deal of respect for James Comey the man, AND James Comey the public servant.  We need people like him in the world, and it saddens me that he has been and continues to be treated as a villain. The mantra, no good deed goes unpunished, comes to mind.  The world isn't fair, that's for sure - and he did a good job of explaining the facts behind his decisions and motivations.  In some ways I felt as though I was sitting in his living room while he bared his soul:  the feeling of being between a rock and a hard place:  the number of times that ANY action on his part would bring criticism and praise - it's all part of the "deal" today in public service given how polarized we are - but his voice came through loud and clear that his mission, his goal, was to serve us to the best of his ability.  Thank you, James Comey, for your service to our country!  No-one deserves to be fired in the manner in which President Trump fired you:  the way that it was done speaks volumes for what you have been up against.  Thank you for your efforts in keeping politics out of the FBI's positions.  Four stars instead of five because at times the voice was maybe a bit too defensive (although understandably), and a bit too preachy, even though I had the sense that he would smile sheepishly and say "Yeah, I really tried to not do that."
 Well written, I wonder if he used a ghost writer.
 A Higher Loyalty gives the reader snippets of background on the author. Speak or conceal left me scratching my head as contradiction to wait and see where the evidence leads when it came to  Clinton vs Russian election interference. Director Comey does not reveal much not already in the press which lead to Trump firing him. Director Comey is credible and it is his speaking truth to power as regards comments to Bill O’Reilly by the president that appears to have been the afront that made his departure inevitable for Trump.
 The book was well written. Gives a solid insight in to his life experiences, and his recent heavily publicized experiences with the media. I don’t think it is a partisan/political book - it really just talks about good honest leadership and integrity. If those things are partisan, then I lean to whatever party embraces them.
 Now  I am a Law &amp; Order the serie believer.
 Outstanding read of the truth about what happened.
 Comey has come up with a convenient bilateral choice for his decision to notify Congress about the appearance of more Hillary emails just 10 days before the election.  He says (every chance he gets) that he had only two choices: To Reveal or To Conceal.  He is simply wrong in his paradigm;  his choice was to Reveal or to Investigate. He set up a false, self-serving dichotomy and challenges everyone to choose between only those two options.  He has convinced himself these were his only choices, and thereby can conclude he "did the right thing."  It's distressing to feel him dig down on this and repeat it as a mantra.<br/>If he had stuck with Shakespeare, he would have seen the choice more accurately as "To Reveal or Not to Reveal."  "Not revealing" is simply NOT THE SAME THING as "concealing."  Concealing means "hiding"...the FBI would not have been "hiding" its investigation of the new trove of emails...it would have been reading them.  To Reveal or to Read. To Reveal or to Sift.  To Reveal or to Be Circumspect. To Reveal or to Bring All Forces to Bear on the Problem.  To Reveal or To Wait.  So many more choices than "conceal."  Or simply like Hamlet, "to Reveal or to Ponder ."<br/><br/>Comey claims he was concerned, also,  that "concealing" the new information would have been a partisan choice that favored Hillary, effectively putting his thumb on the scale, ignoring that "revealing" would crash the scale towards Trump. He is a bit like the teacher with the favorite student--who is thereby HARDER on her favorite in order not to be accused of "playing favorites."  Comey claims to have been staying neutral in the political outcome, when actually he was harder on the favorite-to-win.  He admits he was functioning in the widespread assumption that Hillary would win, and that he didn't want her presidency to start with a tinge of illegitimacy.  Instead, his decision re-lit the HIllary-is-dishonest narrative, and the last undecided voters in the country swung away from her.<br/><br/>I agree that there is not much new here, and the tone is sanctimonious.  It's interest lies in giving  the reader a view into the mind-set of an F.B.I leader, and the culture that is created by "simple" thinkers like Comey.  It's very revealing.  And sad.
 One of the best books I have ever read. Brilliant, honorable and a great narrative. I ordered another copy for my son; heroes are so hard to find. Imagine: This cynical libertarian thanks a fed for his line-drawing and his voice. Both Democrats and Republican tribalists should read it before they parrot the party line. This is a critical contribution to our country in a very dangerous and pivotal time.
 Regardless of your political views, this is an excellent book and personal story of a lifelong public servant.  You certainly don't have to agree with all his views or actions to realize that James Comey has had an interesting and illustrious career, and is somebody that deserves respect.  I highly recommend getting this on audible as you get to hear the story directly from him.  You'll learn about experiences in his life that shaped him into the person he is today.  From investigating mob bosses, dealing with Martha Stewart's inside trading, to serving under 3 presidents you'll get to hear some of the behind the scene stories and get some insight on the thought processes, motivations, and values of James Comey.  Along the way, he'll entertain you with his sense of humor and willingness to share his personal stories.  Great book! Download on Audible now!
 My book was delivered with a dirty cover.
 I have a lot of respect for this man.  He has been through quite a career.  The book, however, reads like a soap-opera.  He'a s good writer -- lots of different characters -- but a lot of agencies, places, &amp; cases I  had to look up to understand what was going on.  I'm not a political person and don't normally follow all the nitty-gritty political news.  He had a tough job where-ever he worked and my hat is off to him for his attempts to have politicians toe the legal line.  Trump needs to read this book.  Maybe some of the honesty will rub off on him!
 I typically read only fiction, books as long and detailed as possible. I had mixed feelings about Coney. I don’t anymore. He is amazing, not only his life and decades of incredible service to this country but as a gifted writer. I wish I could tell him personally how this book and his words touched me. I’d give him more than 5 stars and buy a copy for everyone I know if I had the money. Thank you, Mr. Comey.
 It is an excellent read. There are lessons from his experiences that transcend our current political environment.  AND there are insights into our current president that will add to the historical context. A witness to history.
 I didn't expect this at all. Wonderful book, inspiring. I would love to read an autobiography by him.
 James Comey is articulate and makes his case in an interesting and effective manner. He seems competent and well intentioned. Problem is he, like many, considers lying about a crime a greater crime than the crime.  It is not the case. If someone commits murder, is lying about it worse than the murder?<br/>He rightfully seems horrified that Trump demands loyalty, but Comey is more than willing on several occasions to make misguided decisions because of his uncompromising loyalty to the FBI. Loyalty to the FBI is ever bit as dangerous as loyalty to the president.
 I recommend it. Good stories everyone should know about John Ashcroft, Card and Gonzales during Bush years. As well as the Trump meeting details.
 Thoughtful, insightful, compelling, inspirational, hopeful, highly readable. In this tumultuous time, every American, regardless of political leanings, should read this excellent book. It clarifies the undefined, brings context, order and direction out of the clamor and chaos and vitriol of today's political arena, provides the inspiration and direction to look beyond and above politics and policies to the core values of what our country stands for: "Truth and the rule of law."
 interesting back story for comey, very little trash on trump. dont know what the fuss is about, i think he wrote a good story
 The author comes off as somewhat self righteous but the story is still fascinating.  Hope that he is correct that the country will come out of this presidency stronger but it is not looking like it.
 An engaging book and an easy read.  It was nice to see the reasoning behind some of Comey’s decisions without the partisan hysteria that usually goes along with it.  Comey certainly does love Comey though; his exploration of his weaknesses was like answering an interview question by saying, “my biggest weakness is that I work too hard.”  I highly recommend this book.
 This book is more about Comey’s entire career leading to the final episode, his firing by Trump when Comey refused to do his bidding. The book thus has much more than salacious bits about Trump and is informative without being boring like most other books about politicians. I much enjoyed it.
 I enjoyed the book thourouly. It was very interesting and I was impressed with how honest and dedicated James Comey was to his job and to his country it's a shame his career had to end the way it did we need more men in important positions like him.
 I HIGHLY recommend that you read James Comey's book. I learned so much about how the FBI is run. Mr. Comey explains, in simple to understand terms, how, in essence, the FBI and the DOJ are NOT part of the government but separate UNBIASED entities. Kind of a checks and balances thing. They are "beholding" to no one. Mueller, like Comey, is a straight shooter. Ethical, moral and loyal to their jobs. NOT to #45 or any other government official.<br/>The book also explains (and it makes perfect sense) why HRC was never indicted.
 Boring, save your money. Go to a movie.
 It was an easy read. Nothing new.
 I got bored.
 I have not yet finished the book but so far it is a compelling read.
 I read this book in its entirety in one sitting. It's that riveting. I spent my Saturday sitting on my front porch enjoying every page. Mr. Comey's book is a memoir of his life as an prosecutor and as head of the FBI. He details his experiences as an assistant U.S. attorney in the southern district of New York working for Rudolph Giuliani and prosecuting mobsters.  He then explains the inner workings within the Bush 43 justice department under John Ashcroft. He offers a balanced portrait of Bush but damning portrayals of Dick Cheney and Alberto Gonzales. He details with great care his relationship with President Obama, who he describes as a true leader. The chapters about Trump are at the end of the book. While the media hypes the Trump scandals and Comey's firing, Comey relegates Trump to a footnote in his life, as he should. This is an excellent memoir by an American patriot who does not deserve the smear from the Trump Administration.
 If people buy this book to expect a a total vengeance about Trump, they will be disappointed. About 3/4 quarters of the book is a chronicle of Comey's life, experiences and all that influenced him throughout his life and career that shaped him to be the man he is. I found it to be humble, self deprecating at times and above all honest. He recounts his experiences with the Bush/Cheney administration, Obama's and toward the end Trump,  UGH. It is indeed an inspirational  lesson to all except Trump who has his own world that is not reality. Trump calls lying Comey sick or dumb. Any sane person knows who fits that description - TRUMP.
 Comey comes off as a choir buy. More about him than current events.
 Was an honest portrayal of government and what's wrong with it. Mr Comey told it like it was and I appreciated his honesty and his perspective of the current White House situation.
 I have been a clinical and forensic psychologist for 45 years. I have testified in both state and federal courts. Most of my evaluations have been for judges. I have worked for some of the finest criminal lawyers in the country. I have been involved with various federal agencies from the FBI to the postal police. I know the subject of this interesting and straight forward book.  FBI agents are more diverse now but they still are mostly very straight arrows. Mr. C omey is no a writer but his subscriptions of the FBI are spot on. His journal of his pre FBI life events is meticulous and psychologically interesting. His youth, his family, his academic success, his current family, his career and his character are presented in a way that creates a juxtaposition to our current president. It is easy to see how incredible his superego is because of his constant need to do the right thing. His belief injustice and the rule of law is why Mueller was appointed. A wonderful book for young people and a book probably everyone should read to have better understanding about what is going on now. There are 3 ways to get money you can earn it, marry it, or inherit it. Mr. C omey earned it by wanting to do the right thing. His next book will be much more telling as it was clear to me he was saying nothing that would interfere with th investigation. He know much more then he is telling.
 I did not buy the book for myself.  It was sent by me to a friend who wanted to read it.
 Although Comey comes across as a little self righteous at times."A Higher Loyalty" is a compelling read. It's a first hand account of a public servant who spent his professional life in the service of his country, then was tossed aside by a less than qualified insecure President.
 Jim Comey is a man of integrity, in a battle with a man, the President of the United States, totally lacking in integrity. I expect however that most of Donald Trump's supporters would find this to be a worthwhile reading experience. Chapter 11, Speak or Conceal, provides the best discussion of the Clinton email affair that you can find, and Trump supporters might enjoy Comey's explanation of the utter carelessness - above the law carelessness - of Hillary Clinton. You may think you've seen enough of Comey's book promotion interviews and read enough reviews of the book, so you don't need to read the whole thing. Wrong! It's compelling reading, a good read and a fast and easy read. There have been good book reviews and interviews, but, having read the book, I find most of them are flawed. Too many interviewers, like CNN's Jake Tapper, are driven to be provacative so they read the book searching for questions to ask in the interview and miss the message of the book. Or The Guardian's dingbat writer Jill Abramson who grabbed a sentence on page 254 about Comey and Trump agreeing that leakers of classified information should be nailed to a wall as an example. She took it totally out of context and wrote that Comey is in the same class with Trump in attacking the press. Read the book. It offers a bonus; it's the best management book on Leadership of the past few years.
 This was a thin, whine ridden account. We so wanted to like this but could not through it
 I don’t know what I expected this book to be about, but I found the totality of the book to be quite interesting. Of course there was a bit about Trump, but it was the rest of the book that I found really engaging. Quite a life of service. I gave it four stars because it wasn’t exceptionally well written.
 I received my copy on the release date and quickly read and finished in a day.  I was disappointed that most of the information was already available to those who read and watch news.  I was surprised that there were few details of interest considering Mr. Comey's overall access to the higher levels of government.  It is clear that he has no use for the President and speaks throughout the book with examples that are not barn burners.  He especially admires Obama and the younger Bush much less.<br/><br/>I found the self promotion of his claimed honesty and references to religion not necessary.I also felt that references to his height and being a somewhat nerdy teenage to wear thin.  Also it appears that in an effort to create enough words for a book he relied on anecdotes such as camouflaging himself in the drapes that matched his suit as to avoid being seen by Trump in the Blue room.<br/><br/>The interesting aspect for me was the workings of the FBI, Department of Justice and the Attorney General. No Pulitzer here and I would likely have waited until my local library had a copy.
 More Political Nonsense!
 i'd like to believe him but there is a smidgen of doubt about what he says.  on the other hand he was fired and this is a good way of getting back at a previous boss.  on the third hank our present president exhibits personality traits that should,  as with other presidents, not be general knowledge.
 Well said! James Comey has shown that he is an Honey, ethical person that did not allow the dishonest, unethical President Trump to force him to do what was wrong for the country and the people of the United States if America! I applaud him! A true patriot!
 Hit the but button button by mistake
 I hope partisans on both sides will set aside their “Comey rage” – I’m still fuming too – and take the time to read his well-thought-out bio, “A Higher Loyalty.” It’s clear, honest, reflective, and written with a citizen’s heart. He’s a good writer, and the man obviously kept detailed notes. If you’re still on the fence regarding “Okay, who’s lying here,” I got to the finish of his testimony and feel assured that: a) he’s telling the truth, and b) he labored earnestly to make the best decisions possible during impossible moments.<br/> Comey writes with passion about the FBI and its reputation, an agency “with no party.” As director, he cared about keeping its reservoir of goodwill brimming full. When it came to the Clinton email investigation, he made two wrenching decisions which very likely caused the election of Mr. Trump – as he realized it might. Along with millions of voters who supported the Democratic ticket, I was sorely frustrated both times. But it is helpful to read his explanation, and to come to understand that the FBI had two awful choices: Speak? Conceal? If the agency had held back, and then after the election it had leaked that the FBI had quietly resurrected its investigation just two weeks before voters went to the polls, Comey’s diagnosis is likely correct: “The reservoir would be empty.”<br/> I’m still exasperated by what happened. But I concede now that when a patriotic American citizen who leads such an agency sit around a table with solid advisors, lots of them, and they wrestle for hours and days about the best course to take, pros and cons, playing out the various scenarios, and then finally make a gutsy call, then commoners like me need to stand down. Things went south; it was a mess. They were picking from two lousy, near-fatal options. But Jim Comey does tell the truth and he does love his country.<br/> Just from a “color” point of view, I’ll observe that the book is professionally written with a mostly cheerful flow. There are nice bits of humor. Be advised that he’s a street-smart FBI guy; some of the language is salty, although not prurient or gratuitous.<br/> I’ll let the author provide the close in his own words.<br/> “Policies come and go. Supreme Court justices come and go. But the core of our nation is our commitment to a set of shared values that began with George Washington – to restraint and integrity and balance and transparency and truth. If that slides away from us, only a fool would be consoled by a tax cut or a different immigration policy.<br/>  “But I choose to be optimistic. Yes, the current president will do significant damage in the short term. Important norms and traditions will be damaged by the flames. But forest fires, as painful as they can be, bring growth. They spur growth that was impossible before the fire, when old trees crowded out new plants on the forest floor. In the midst of this fire, I already see new life – young people engaged as never before, and the media, the courts, academics, nonprofits, and all other parts of civil society finding reason to bloom.<br/> “The next president, no matter the party, will surely emphasize values – truth, integrity, respect, and tolerance – in ways an American leader hasn’t needed to for more than forty years. The fire will make something good grow.”
 I do not normally read non-fiction, but I have to say I couldn't put down this book.  Great read, made me a proud American to know that we have people in the FBI with such integrity as Mr. Comey.
 This is such an inspiring book!  Everyone who cares about our country should read it.  I almost finished it one sitting.  Very well written.  Highly recommend!
 It was OK ,I lost interest in some places had to force myself to finish it.
 This book is a revelation. While I really first became aware of Comey in 2016, he’s played a vital role in US law enforcement and society in many ways, all commendably. He also writes an honest, human book. Those who snipe have not read it. He is even-handed and careful, as you’d expect. He’s also a very good writer. I did not expect to have to set this book aside after one early harrowing scene, for example. His understated and crystalline prose draws you in. I’m glad he wrote this book.
 I’m a retired prof who has spent over 4 decades in the classroom.  My interests include the social sciences generally,  but my specialty areas have been with personality theories and assessment.  I’m alternately fascinated and fatigued by the “righty-lefty” debates on TV, at the gym and lord knows where else<br/><br/>I got the Kindle version of Comey’s book the day it became available.  The book is a wonderful test of one’s “tolerance for ambiguity”, which has been a popular topic among political scientists and psychologists since the 1950’s.<br/><br/>Even among left-leaning folks, who hold the idea that  Trump is an impulsive narcissist, there are questions about Comey’s character and motives— for “hustling a third rate book” (Trump’s words) amid the current firestorms.<br/><br/>A common truism is that, as we get older,  we tend to see the world  in a more binary, black-and-white terms. As one who is in his upper 70’s—I’m probably drifting down that path.  Never-the-less I found Comey’s book to be very engaging—and a good resource to help grasp the current political climate…and my own tolerance for ambiguity.
 Sadly, a contemporary tale of truth, Fake News, Trump and the new American way. Does truth lie in angle of the eye
 I chose to purchase this book because I was completely<br/> impressed with the twenty minute explanation of the email investigation.<br/>I don't think his performance since has done anything but  point out that we are all a product of our upbringing.<br/>I haven't yet Googled how he lost his son. To take on a job of such magnitude while raising a family to have things end as they did......<br/>I wish him well.<br/>In government, everyone kicks the can down the road.  Those that have a Good heart will never escape their bullies.
 Incredible read! I highly recommend this well written, insightful &amp; intriguing book! After reading this you will clearly understand why we need to impeach the imposter sitting in our nations house! Great Job James!!!
 Comey tells his own story of learning leadership, ethics, honesty and character from life experiences. He knows that leadership is not coerced, but the natural result of giving those under you a space to thrive. He is scrupulous in his modus operandi of ethical behavior. He values the truth and recognizes a lie.  Combining these traits has made him a person of character.<br/>Thank you, Mr. Comey, for helping us understand and appreciate how and why the FBI functions. And thank you for reminding us that the disastrous results of a fire, are what catalyzes new life and renewal. In that we have hope.
 Genre - Nonfiction/Memoir<br/>Pages - 312<br/>Publication Info - Flatiron Books, April 17, 2018<br/>Format - Hardcover<br/>Stars - ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐<br/><br/>I’m not sure what I expected when I decided I not only wanted, but needed to read “A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies and Leadership” by James Comey. First let me say that I am an unapologetic Liberal, and I have issues with some of the things that Mr. Comey did while he was FBI Director, not so much what he did but how he did them. I was however completely taken in by this read. I had a difficult time finding a place to end my days reading as it was gripping and enthralling and I wanted to keep on reading long after the light were out.<br/><br/>There are no big surprises in this book, however there were times when I was a little taken aback. I found it interesting that Mr. Comey had a voice when it came to President Bush and other leaders, but for some reason lost that voice when it came to trump. He stated he did not think it would have made any difference, but I have a real hard time squaring that statement. I was also pleasantly surprised at Mr. Comey’s attitude toward President Obama. He appears to have had a great deal of respect for him although he is from a different “tribe”. Mr. Comey talks alot about “tribes” and “gangs” in this books and that he believes that partisan politics has no place in the FBI. I am not convinced that he practiced what he preached, but that’s just my opinion. Another surprise was that I didn’t have to sit through endless goings on about the current administration. Only a few short chapters are dedicated to that, and there really was no new information, I’m assuming because Mr. Comey was unable, due to security clearance issues to write more on that subject.<br/><br/>One thing is abundantly clear when reading this memoir, Mr. Comey has a talent for telling a story and keeping his reader interested. I’m not a big reader of nonfiction and I love stories about make believe lands, creatures and situations. Mr. Comey had me from page one and I took it all in with growing interest, anticipation and at times a great deal of anxiety. One thing for sure is that I come away from this read not really with much change in my way of thinking about Mr. Comey, but I do have a great deal of respect for him and am glad to see him speak his mind now. Better late than not at all I suppose. It really was quite a good read…<br/><br/>A blurb from the publisher: In his book, former FBI director James Comey shares his never-before-told experiences from some of the highest-stakes situations of his career in the past two decades of American government, exploring what good, ethical leadership looks like, and how it drives sound decisions. His journey provides an unprecedented entry into the corridors of power, and a remarkable lesson in what makes an effective leader.<br/><br/>Mr. Comey served as director of the FBI from 2013 to 2017, appointed to the post by President Barack Obama. He previously served as U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, and the U.S. deputy attorney general in the administration of President George W. Bush. From prosecuting the Mafia and Martha Stewart to helping change the Bush administration's policies on torture and electronic surveillance, overseeing the Hillary Clinton e-mail investigation as well as ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, Comey has been involved in some of the most consequential cases and policies of recent history.
 I didn't expect this book to be as readable and interesting as it turned out to be. I learned a lot, things I didn't expect to learn, since I like many, was reading it to find out what happened with the Trump stuff. I didn't expect it to be as good as it was, considering the author is a lawyer. I expect a extremely good editor is responsible for the ordering of the book to make it make narrative sense.
 Interesting but I don’t believe everything written as gospel. James Comey seems to be an honorable man screwed by a dishonorable one. One can only hope the screwed gets his just desserts.
 When I first heard James Comey, the erstwhile FBI director infamously fired for dubious reasons had written a memoir, I knew I had to read it for the same reasons many others would - to learn about his juicy interactions with the Donald himself: President Trump. While the book most certainly delivers on this front, describing in exhaustive detail the interactions between two men who could not be more different, Comey's book is far more than the political hit piece it's been painted to be by Fox News and Trump World.<br/><br/>Comey illustrates in a frank and highly self-aware tone what he believes honest and ethical leadership should be in the United States. Whether that be in the highest levels of government, or as he poignantly describes, his own teenage grocery store manager. Comey is a man deeply aware of his own strengths and weaknesses as a human being, unafraid to be self-critical, while never acting holier-than-thou in the face of considerable personal pain inflicted upon him. He details his rise as a US attorney, deputy attorney general, appointment as FBI Director by President Obama, and eventual firing by President Trump.<br/><br/>At a breezy 300 pages, it is a short, enjoyable read. I walked away inspired and learning much about how our leaders are ordinary people in extraordinary positions just trying to figure things out - the same way each of us are every single day. Highly recommend it to anyone even mildly interested in today's wacky American political climate.
 This book surprised me in many ways, mostly that it wasn't a disgrunted fired employees version of how he was wronged, made to be the fall guy, or an attempt to get back at Trump. It was Comeys very credible chronology of his experiences in his life and career up to present day.<br/>As a Hillary Clinton supporter I really needed to know more about how the investigation of her was handled - and why.  And although that is why I initially purchased the book, I found fascinating the insight he gave on how our government works, and yet sometimes doesn't, and how dysfunctional and dangerous things have become.<br/>As Comey admits, he isn't perfect, but who in the current revolving cast of characters is?
 An excellent book. More than expected. Highly recommend!
 A fascinating and " educational " read. The book is well written in straightforward and has a good narrative flow. It is factual and honest, without unnecessary embellishments or recriminations or being self-serving. The author comes across as a honest, upright and patriotic.....a man who makes his decisions based on what's right, regardless.
 I found James Comey's book a compelling read. For those who thought he simply would write about his experiences with the current President, I can see why they might be confused. Mr. Comey's book is actually a memoir. Because he is a rational, intelligent lawyer, he spent the first two thirds discussing the many experiences that have directed his thinking and his values. His legal background enables him to clearly connect his experiences with what he would later deal with as  head of the FBI.  An experience in his childhood, as well as multiple experiences working in private practice and for the government, have caused him to think deeply about what he believes and how he understands the Constitutional constraints of government in the United States. This prepares the reader for why Mr. Comey is so disappointed, devastated, and saddened by the current events in Washington D.C. The final third of his memoir is about his reactions to those events he was part of because of his job as head of the FBI. I find it amazing, after all of these experiences, that he is still hopeful. He believes the Constitution is the guide to institutions that can survive what he sees as the immorality and dishonesty of our current situation. He even believes that people of good conscience who work in the government will eventually find those consciences and stop enabling the current behavior. I wish I were as hopeful. Long after this administration is gone, his memoir will stand as a scathing indictment of the political events that define these politically turbulent times.
 Pure, unadulterated self-righteousness. This man has a God complex.
 When we first hear excerpts from a controversial book, the pundits (regardless of their bias)  pick out juicy tidbits that catch attention.  I find that reading the whole book is usually much deeper and well worth the read.  Comey's book certainly fits that category.  For one thing, it is the story of an interesting man who has had several extraordinary events in his life, before he got entangled with Trump.  I knew little about him when he rushed to the hospital to stop Andrew Card from getting a weak Ashcroft to approve continued torture.  It shocked me to see Card on the Nicole Wallace show as a talking head.  I thought he would be forever embarrassed at his support of torture but it was really Comey's book that reminded me.  I had already forgotten.<br/><br/>The book seems very honest.  It shows Comey as a man driven to do the right thing and live by his priciples.  He does admit to being arrogant at times and I think arrogance really is his weakness.  But then that is the characteristic of many people who achieve greatness.  He also strives to make decisions free from the opinions of others.  It is telling that his greatest error was making the decision to report on the Clinton email investigation in a different than usual manner based on his worry about how others would react if he didn't.  I think he may have thought he was reaching a compromise with the pro-Trump faction that wanted (and predicted) that she would be indicted.<br/><br/>One of the best things about the book is Comey is a good writer.  He describes events in enough detail that I felt in the room with him and kept turning the pages to see what happened next.
 James Comey shows an optimistic view of the U.S. despite the current Trump administration. Great explanation on the Hillary Clinton email fiasco.
 James Comey hardly needs an introduction, but I'll give him one anyway. Not so long ago, Comey was the Director of the FBI. Before that, he was the US Deputy Attorney General, and before that he was the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York. And then Trump became president and asked Comey for his "honest loyalty," at which point Comey gave him a little bit of lip, and now Comey is writing books about ethics and the general disintegration of America's moral character. So yeah, some stuff has happened in the past couple years...<br/><br/>This book is a little depressing, but, good grief, I loved it. I didn't like Comey at first, honestly, since he comes across as a bit of a boy scout---always so eager to do the "right thing," especially if he gets to be judgmental of others. But after finishing his memoir, I really think, sure, he's kind of an uptight guy, but he clearly really wants to do the best thing for the country and he genuinely tries (or tried) to be as objective and nonpartisan as possible. Reading this book reminded me of reading excerpts of Mother Teresa's diary---so much torment over following the rules and living up to a god's standards. (For Mother Teresa, those standards come from the Bible. For Comey, from the Constitution.) I don't necessarily agree with all his choices, but I still respect his process.<br/><br/>I even could (finally) understand why he decided to release that public statement about Hillary Clinton's emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop less than a week before Election Day. Comey doesn't say this directly, but it's clear to me that he expected Clinton to win the presidential election. (We all did...) And I think he wanted to protect the FBI from looking biased when she won, so he decided to say beforehand that they had reopened the investigation (into her use of a personal email account to talk about classified information with her staff). He made the decision he did because he thought (like the rest of us) that Trump didn't have a chance. I have to believe that if he thought Clinton and Trump were more evenly matched, he would have at least waited until the investigation of the emails was completed before making an announcement---especially given the fact that those emails contained no incriminating information and the FBI would go on to conclude that Clinton never acted with criminal intent.<br/><br/>It's still difficult to read about Comey's interactions with Trump, mostly because Trump is such an idiot. I mean, seriously, just a colossal moron. But I grew to like Comey. His emphasis on being a good leader through humor, efficiency, praise, and high standards resonated with me. He sounds like a good boss, and it makes me sad that he was fired, especially in such a demeaning way. But I respect how he's handled himself since, and it comforts me to know someone like him exists in this world and in our country.<br/><br/>Some of my favorite quotes:<br/><br/>There is meaning and purpose in not surrendering in the face of loss, but instead working to bind up wounds, ease pain, and spare others what you have seen.<br/><br/> *   *   *<br/><br/>The more stressful the job, the more intentional I've always been about helping my team members find joy in our work. Laughter is the outward manifestation of joy, so I believe if I'm doing it right, and helping people connect to the meaning and joy in their work, there will be laughter in the workplace. Laughter is also a good indication that people aren't taking themselves too seriously.<br/><br/> *   *   *<br/><br/>I laid out my five expectations that first day  as FBI Director] and many times thereafter:<br/><br/>I expected  FBI employees] would find joy in their work. They were part of an organization devoted to doing good, protecting the weak, rescuing the taken, and catching criminals. That was work with moral content. Doing it should be a source of great joy.<br/>I expected they would treat all people with respect and dignity, without regard to position or station in life.<br/>I expected they would protect the institution's reservoir of trust and credibility that makes possible all their work.<br/>I expected they would work hard, because they owe that to the taxpayer.<br/>I expected they would fight for balance in their lives.<br/>I emphasized that last one because I worried many people in the FBI worked too hard, driven by the mission, and absorbed too much stress from what they saw. I talked about what I had learned from a year of watching  a previous mentor]. I expected them to fight to keep a life, to fight for the balance of other interests, other activities, other people, outside of work. I explained that judgment was essential to the sound exercise of power. Because they would have great power to do good or, if they abused that power, to do harm, I needed sound judgment, which is the ability to orbit a problem and see it well, including through the eyes of people very different from you. I told them that although I wasn't sure where it came from, I knew the ability to exercise judgment was protected by getting away from the work and refreshing yourself. That physical distance made perspective possible when they returned to work.<br/><br/>And then I got personal. "There are people in your lives called 'loved ones' because you are supposed to love them." In our work, I warned, there is a disease called "get-back-itis." That is, you may tell yourself, "I am trying to protect a country, so I will get back to" my spouse, my kids, my parents, my siblings, my friends. "There is no getting back," I said. "In this line of work, you will learn that bad things happen to good people. You will turn to get back and they will be gone. I order you to love somebody. It's the right thing to do, and it's also good for you."
 This is a fairly small, intimate book, and felt a bit like sitting down with Comey and listening to him tell his story. As others have noted, there are few new revelations, but the book affirms and corroborates what Comey has consistently maintained in his Congressional testimony, public statements, and the contemporaneous memos recording his interactions with Trump.<br/><br/>It's true, as Comey himself admits, that he comes across as a bit sanctimonious and holier-than-thou. But remember, this guy is alpha law enforcement, a federal prosecutor, deputy attorney general, and FBI Director. Of course he's judgmental, and of course he believes in his own sense of ethics and morality. Comey, at the end of the day, is human, and seems to have made a sincere effort his entire life to be the best human he could be. This book is his testament.
 I was not prepared to enjoy this book so much, as I am not generally a fan at all of non-fiction, but this book is fascinating and riveting. I got the audio book, and I am glad I did as I think hearing it in Comey's own voice makes it even better. He is a fascinating man who has led a truly  admirable life. I have learned so much about so many things I had little or no idea of, and the fact I (and I suspect a lot of people) tend to forget that so many "powerful" people are less than perfect human beings struggling with the same problems as many of us. I do not find Comey to be full of himself or a braggart as some  others have suggested.  I see him merely telling it as it is. These things happened and he was a part of it, and sometimes more than just a part. I was not 100% sure how I felt about him before I read the book except I did believe him to be honest and a man of integrity who appeared to try to do the correct thing.  After this book, my opinion is solidified, and the little I knew about other people in our government was solidified as well.  Interestingly (to me) a  lot of what Mr. Comey says, in particular about the Bush administration, reminded me of a conference about 10 years ago when I listened to the best &amp; most interesting speaker I had ever heard - a former member of the Israeli Mossad. His stories &amp; Comey's really jived.
 I was charged 14.99 for my kindle book. Then I was charged another 24.99 for audible. Shouldn’t you have  just charged me 24.99 for the audle book. You overcharged me by 14.99. Could I get credit to my credit card thank you. Linda Soucy.
 When I saw James Comey on T.V., testifying about the Clinton investigation, he struck me as a man who would tell the truth no matter how uncomfortable or unpopular it was.  This book confirms that reaction. HE IS A HERO!!  I pray there are more men &amp; women in our government just like him.
 Former FBI Director Jim Comey is a polarizing public figure, and it's nearly impossible for a contemporary reader to set aside their preconceptions of him in reading this book. (He's also a fellow graduate of my alma mater and someone with whom I have mutual acquaintances, and although we've never met personally ourselves, these connections do further shade my objectivity.)<br/><br/>Nevertheless, the author acquits himself well in laying out the conflicted thought process behind some of his more controversial actions during the 2016 presidential election and its aftermath. We may still find some of his decisions to be obtuse, but overall his reasoning seems clear, defensible, and non-partisan. And while his insights into the personal character of Donald Trump -- or lack thereof -- are not quite revelatory, they still represent an important perspective of someone who has interacted with him closely.<br/><br/>If you take Comey at his word, this book is intended less as a personal critique of President Trump and more as a handbook of lessons the Director has learned for leading with integrity. Drawing on his personal experience serving under three presidents and beyond, Comey has a lot to say on loyalty to an ideal larger than one person or political party. It's sometimes hard to see that in neutral terms, or to trust that this author is being truly neutral himself, but it's still a valuable lesson for our current political moment.
 Candid history perspective from the FBI director
 A good grasp of reality and personhood Comey gives his perceptions of leadership life in Washington. Gripping and suspenseful.  Read it
 In order to make an informed decision it is important to hear all sides of a story.  Interesting insight to the man and the issues.
 Very interesting.  Most of the book is about Comey's early experiences, All of which I lived through.  While Comey comes across as "holier than thou,"  he has something important to say about leadership and America.
 Well written. Have a better understanding of why he reopened Clinton email investigation just before election.
 I am very happy I bought this book.  It gives me hope in this dark time in our country.  I wish Director Comey was still head of the FBI so he could continue his dedicated service to our country.
 Interesting
 The Clinton rationales are pretty tortured.  That said, its obvious Comey's factual assertions relating to Trump's bevavior are true.  Buckle up.
 If you want to waste your money just to read multiple lies from a career government functionary, this is the book for you. I guffawed through it. It was a gift so I can't throw it out. Total garbage.
 Well done, but he doesn't get into the Trump part until the last fourth of the book!
 Contrary to the venom being spewed from the White House, Comey is no liar. There's little doubt that the events he recounts in this book took place as he describes them. Legitimate questions are being raised about whether he should have released this book now with the ongoing Mueller investigation, and whether his decisions to make public pronouncements as head of the FBI, notably about the Hillary e-mail affair, were correct. Nevertheless, his account of his career in three administrations makes for an informative read, and it is certainly legitimate to hear his side of the story leading up to his firing. The book is otherwise weighed down somewhat by his moralizing and repetitive recounting of rather Pollyanna-ish vignettes from his youth which delay getting to the career events we really want to know about. The take-away: the Trump presidency is a real challenge for our judicial system and our democracy. We have a leader who is more or less devoid of any ethical or moral compass and will not hesitate to corrupt our system to avoid scrutiny of his shady dealings. It's a warning we all should listen to.
 I have read a lot of books but Higher Loyalty tells me that our counties president leadership is leading our country down a path of deception. Mr. James Comey was an outstanding FIB Director and our government should without hesitation start impeachment procedure with president Trump now.<br/><br/>Respectfully, Oliver J. Groves
 I expected this book to be a discussion of principles (and possibly therefore kind of boring or shallow), but Comey organizes it around riveting stories from his life.  He begins with experiences from his teen years that shaped his values, and many of these experiences are painful or even shameful ones that forced him to confront what kind of person he wanted to be.  He also talks about people who have inspired him, and about difficult cases he tried as a young prosecutor.  His discussion of prosecuting the mob in NYC is really exciting as well.  All of this sets him up to talk about in the latter third of the book the events surrounding his reluctant involvement into the investigations of the two candidates in the 2016 election. One of the things that he articulates brilliantly in the book is the set of values that guide the work of the FBI, and surprisingly (considering the end of his career there), he is incredibly optimistic and inspiring about the FBI and the American people. Reading this book, I realized that the last few years had made me feel as if I didn't know what to believe in about America anymore, and this book helped me realize what I love and see that it is still there. Comey has this theory that history proceeds through inflection points where Americans suffer attacks on their core values and then recommit to them, and it was encouraging to see that this might be the case. So, when I say that the book offers hope, it's not that you end up looking to him as the hope, but that he helps you as a reader find it in the America that he understands. It's also a great study of leadership and integrity.
 As others had written, the book was COVERED with greasy fingerprints, but I didn’t mind they wiped right off with a damp paper towel. Got the book with 2 day free shipping (Prime) Ran to the mailbox giddy and excited. As soon as I got back into the house I started reading and could not put it down for HOURS! this book harnesses charm, keen wit and lessons of leadership and learning experiences that make you laugh, cry and nod in understanding.<br/>As a young adult who is very interesting in modern and historical politics, I find the book a gem in my home library. I am a current college student working for my degree in history and in my spare time study politics and keep private political journals (for future historical references.) this book is INCREDIBLY INSPIRING! His view of what makes a great leader and insight into the American government makes this (in my opinion) the book of the century.<br/>for a time of great division, this book brings you to an understanding that different views does not mean that we have to cut discussions! WE MUST KEEP TALKING! &lt;3
 Excellent. Easy and clear writing.
 Wow! James Comey is a man of rare integrity who has lead an adventure filled life! As a kid, the Ramsey Rapist broke into his home in NY and took him and his brother captive. He became a lawyer and worked for the US Attorney's Office prosecuting mobsters. He got to know several mobsters well, as he developed a relationship with them to get them to talk. He acted as deputy special counsel to the Senate Whitewater Committee and investigated President Clinton's controversial pardon of Marc Rich.<br/><br/>Comey was the lead prosecutor of Martha Stewart, who was indicted on the charges of securities fraud, obstruction of justice, and lying to an FBI agent. He goes into detail about what it was like to have to work on that case. He played a dramatic role during the Bush Administration in stopping the illegal domestic surveillance of the NSA program Stellar Wind. In congressional testimony that contradicted that of former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, Comey stressed that the Justice Department had to be perceived as nonpartisan and nonpolitical to function - a running theme throughout his government work.<br/><br/>Obama nominated him as FBI director for a 10 year term starting in 2013. He describes interactions with both Bush and Obama, comparing how they ran their administrations. He goes into great detail about the investigation of Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server. The timing of that matter put him in a tight place with tough decisions to make about what to announce publicly and when so as not to influence the election. It's fascinating to read his account of how that played out. I believe he's an honest man who was trying to get at the truth and do what was right.<br/><br/>The last section of the book is about his 5 months in the Trump administration. He describes his awkward and disturbing interactions with the president and Trump's inappropriate behaviors. In his experience, Trump acted more like a mob boss than his vision of a true leader -- someone who demands loyalty rather than inspire people to be their best. From all appearances, Comey was fired because he promised honesty rather than loyalty when it came to the Russia investigations.
 Well-written book by former FBI Director Comey.<br/><br/>This review is overdue and I've lent it (with my notes) to someone else. That the book has not yet come home is a good sign that others are continuing to enjoy it.<br/><br/>When the book first dropped, much was made about the first meeting between Director Comey and Donald Trump, particularly the physical description of Trump. In interviews post-publishing, Director Comey said this was done as author style, to immerse the readers in the experience. Whether that was successful or not depends on your perspective, but the actual written description is but a small paragraph that received a whole lot of public attention.<br/><br/>The book centers around not only Comey's experience as FBI Director and the events that spurred him to enter a career of law and justice, but an overall description of what it means to be an effective leader. This is not exclusive to politics or law, but something all could apply to themselves. It traces an experience that will help readers see what effective leadership is, especially in a chaotic climate that we find ourselves in today.<br/><br/>A good read from a good man that had the best of intentions. And yes, I wish he had not made that last announcement about "her emails" just prior to the election and hope there are tapes. The book gives us a glimpse inside our DOJ, focusing on the qualities one must have to hold those leadership positions within.
 Comey is my homey.
 Angry about Director Comey's impact on the 2016 election, I never thought I would read this book, but something stirred me while listening to his responses when interviewed regarding the book. He actually seemed earnest, humble and well intentioned.  This made me curious and prompted me to start reading his book — which I found to be surprisingly full of grace and wisdom.  I also found his writing style to be enjoyable, almost as if I were reading a novel or a thriller. He definitely has a knack with words and description.  But the big surprise for me was the consistent and  convincing emphasis upon values and ethics.  He devotes a large part of the opening to stories of how his approach to leadership and these values evolved over time.  In some of these stories he tells of errors he made and what he learned from them.  By the time he described the election year and subsequent events, he had convinced me of his good intentions and good character.  While detractors are trying to portray the book as a self-serving, money-grubbing endeavor, I found it really is about a higher loyalty, as the title claims, and I think Mr. Comey has done the nation an even greater service by issuing this book than he did as an FBI Director.  His portrayal of the current President is devastating and unnerving while convincing and yet his language is generally temperate while doing so — in great contrast with President Trump's insults, name-calling and bombast.
 Excellent book...descriptive, well-written view of James Comey's life, career, and views on ethical leadership.
 I enjoyed reading about Comey's leadership over the years. I may not have always agreed with him, but from his words I could clearly understand his perspective. People upset at Comey for his actions on either side of the political isle should read this book.
 Cathartic for Comey but if you've paid attention to the news, doesn't provide much more insight.
 A fantastic book ,thank you Director Comey.<br/>Couldn't put it down until I was finished.
 It's really reassuring to know that men like Comey still care about our government. Trump is just a piece of work, power hungry and Lacks morals a president needs!
 Great book, very interesting to hear Comey's perspective, history, and justification for some of the more controversial events.
 I appreciated learning Mr. Comey's view of his past positions and how honesty and openness were important to him.  Be prepared that most of the book will cover this but it is crucial to understanding his view and disdain for Trump.  The book is a great read and I hope and believe it will open some eyes and ears.
 A great read. It gives a bit of background on the man in the middle of 2016 election storm, but shows that he cares about right and wrong for the country before any party or person.<br/>I enjoyed the description of his work on the mafia.
 America is home to so many smart and ethical men and women.  In contrast it seems to me that most politicians in our nation’s capital are self serving, self righteous, and without a moral compass.
 Don't know why all the news programs and TV shows are focusing on Trump as the subject of this book. It ain't about him, folks. This is a book about leadership, truth and lies, just like the title says. I enjoyed the back stories of events I had read about , i.e. Scooter Libby who was just pardoned last week, but didn't know all the facts. This is an easy read but makes me long for more leaders with integrity Comey appears to have.
 About time....should be required reading for anyone that votes. Interpret it as you may as an individual. Perhaps Comey spends too much time justifying himself and his values...but given the scenario he faced it is understandable, perhaps necessary. One also needs to keep in mind... that he was part of the system that enables the functions of , as well as offers controls on the executive branch. Also...a final note....”simply by observing and measuring a system ...one alters it “. Physics , But it applies here as well.<br/>Trump is a disgrace as a leader and as a person....but we , the people of this country..as voters put him there and that is the biggest disgrace and disappointment of all.
 This book details the extraordinary and reckless actions of President Trump's decision to fire James Comey.<br/>Some may not like what Comey has to say. Some may not even believe him. However I believe after reading this book that Comey is telling the truth.<br/>And to those who still don't believe how awful Donald Trump is after reading this I say: at least Comey's story is a hell of a lot better than Trump's "WITCH HUNT".
 Excellently written and very easy to comprehend.  The events that Mr. Comey described detailed and not too much mombo jumbo.  Enjoyed it very much and would recommend this book to anyone who to see who POTUS is really like!!!!!
 I wasn't sure how I felt about James Comey when it was announced there were additional Hillary Clinton's emails found. Actually, I think I was angry because I felt Trump was not fit to be president. Since then I have a new respect for him and this book confirms my thoughts and feelings. An excellent read.
 Really enjoyed the book
 I was hoping for something insightful. I really wanted to like Mr Comey.<br/>If I could, I would return it, ask for my money back...plus damages.<br/><br/>Don't waste your time or money - wait for history to tell us what happened
 Watching James Comey on TV I knew that he likes to reflect on things and ponder philosophy..<br/><br/>What I did not know is that Comey can write about the Mafia and politics in an EXTREMELY entertaining way.<br/>“It was like having Thanksgiving dinner with a family eating together by court order.”<br/><br/>Comey starts out the book by explaining why he wanted to serve, work for law enforcement and legal professions. As a youngster his home was broken in; he and his brother were taken hostage. That’s quite a reason. Wow.<br/><br/>He develops an interest in looking for leadership and justice in high and in lower places. An early mentor is a man named Harry Howell who runs a grocery store where Comey works.<br/><br/>Comey explains his role in well known trials (e.g. Martha Stewart, Scooter Libby) and how it felt working with well known public figures (Rudy Giuliani, who did not want anybody between a camera and him, John Ashcroft  who wanted Comey to be “attentive to his language” when he used the word ‘turd’, George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, Alberto Gonzalez).<br/><br/>Yes, Comey’s book is interesting and in parts very funny, but what impressed me the most was that never mind what anybody else says, I feel that Comey cares – about the FBI as an institution, the people who work for it, and the FBI’s role as an impartial institution. Comey also gives credit where credit is due to people who see things as he does. He is impressed with President Obama because he listens and he cares. In contrast, president Trump does not understand the role of the FBI and does not seem wanting to understand it.<br/><br/>The most impressive sentence and concept thought:  quoted] “... That humility makes a whole lot of things possible, none more important than a single, humble question: “What am I missing?” Good leaders constantly worry about...”<br/>To grasp how significant this sentence is one only has to turn on the TV. And, I’ll leave it at that.<br/>*<br/>And, yes, there are Hillary Clinton’s emails. What a pain. Honestly, I admire anybody who deals with this and comes out well. I don’t believe that she did anything wrong but clearly Clinton doesn’t any anything about this technical stuff and she would have been well advised to get informed in 2015 when she decided to run for office. I was sorry that Comey got fired before the digging into the various FB issues started because I believe that’s the source of the real problems. Would have loved to hear his opinion about these issues. Reading about Comey getting fired was as painful as if I had gotten fired. It reminded me of the ‘Sex and the City’ episode where one of the girls’ relationship ends with a posted sticky note. No class.<br/><br/>I borrowed the book from the library but I’ll buy it. It contains important lessons about leadership.<br/>5 stars,<br/>Gisela Hausmann, author &amp; blogger
 I wasn't sure what to think of James Comey, but after reading "A Higher Loyalty," I definitely have an opinion. I admire Comey very much. He made a tough call, but he owns it. I heard a lot about the book before reading it, and many reports called his description of Trump "petty." I don't agree. Comey is a fine, descriptive writer, and what we got were his honest observations. He didn't bully and call names - he simply describes what he saw, the mark of a good writer. The book is well-written and easy to read. More than anything else, I believe James Comey.
 This is what this country need right now. Someone with integrity and morals. If only we had an administration like that. This well writen, informative book that really gives you one of the best public serveants stories about his childhood, early days as a prosecutor, and dealing with three different presidents. Learning how important it is to keep the FBI void of politics was fascinating to me. James Comey did that ...until Trump came in an tried to make him part of his mob. When Comey refused to become dirty he was fired by a man with no backbone to do it himself. I don't know if James Comey has political aspirations of not but if he does he'll get my vote. A great read!
 Excellent memoir of Comey’s career from his perspective.  The most striking theme of the book for me was his definition of excellent leadership and the role of the FBI.  Extremely well-written.
 Comey can write too. Nice look at his views on leadership. Trump details are somewhat chilling. I may read it again.
 In Australia, we know the type well. The second or third generation child of working class Irish Catholic immigrants who ends up conservative politically and seriously deluded about why they have managed to do so well in life. These upright-minded folk put it all down to their own efforts, and cannot see how they have benefitted from the many layers of progressive social legislation that they have grown up with, especially but not only educational opportunity. (Opportunities that politicians, not cops, had to fight for every step of the way to bring about).<br/><br/>Comey is such a type, it seems to me. History and sociology are not their strong points.<br/><br/>Comey - like many ex-Catholics - clearly has an extraordinary need to believe in something, and in his case this becomes law enforcement in a platonic sense, and the FBI in particular. His need to believe this is so strong that it blinds him from other obvious truths. The highest vocation imaginable (for him) is justice and law enforcement. He will not and cannot see that politics is an even nobler ideal, no matter how many actual politicians besmirch this ideal. Nearly every mention of politics in this book - which is excellent in so many ways - is condescending and negative, as if it is just about Team Red playing Team Blue in an acrimonious game of baseball. That politics is just as much about life and death as the FBI is not a strong feature in this book.<br/><br/>He thinks he is above partisanship, yet contributed to Obama’s rivals - exactly the kind of unreflective behaviour that this type of right-leaning person shows. (I wonder if, in retrospect, he can now admit that his judgement was wrong about Obama?)<br/><br/>That Comey did not vote in the 2016 election speaks volumes about the limits of his world view. He obsesses - in the book and in interviews - that he often had to choose between “bad” and “catastrophic” choices. Yet he couldn’t see that a choice between Clinton and Trump was exactly this kind of choice and one that he would not make.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, this extremely well written book is full of interesting detail as well as being didactic without being overly moralising (although he pushes that distinction to the limit). I hope he finds a place in some university, because he is a natural teacher.<br/><br/>I do not know if it was intentional, but the colossus that emerges in this book is Barack Obama, not Comey. As their interactions in the book reveal, Obama combined all of Comey’s range of virtues, plus things like vision (non existent in the Comey world view), and courage on the real battlefield of American life.
 An excellent and honest account by a good and honest man.  We are seeing history being made.  I highly recommend this book to be read once, and then re-read and studied a second time.  Thanks to fellow American, Jim Comey, for writing it.  Michael Goldcraft
 Great book! Allows us to see how it is in the White House!
 Jim - Keep telling the truth and it will set us all free.  It is inconceivable that the majority will not see this.  Thank you for your service - Dick Bennett
 "A Higher Loyalty - Truth. Lies and Leadership" (2018 publication; 302 pages) is a memoir from James Comey, the erstwhile FBI Director fired by Trump in the Spring of 2017. As noted by Comey in the book's opening pages: "I spent a lot of time thinking about the title of this book. In one sense, it came out of a bizarre dinner meeting at the White House, where a new president of the United States demanded my loyalty--to him, personally--over my duties as FBI director to the American people. The higher loyalty is to lasting values, mot important the truth."<br/><br/>In this memoir, Comey retells and reflects on the ups and downs of his career and life. Did you know that the Comeys lost a young son in 1995? In the book's first half, we get great insights as to Comey's rise as a young lawyer, both in private practice and as an Assistant DA and then DA in the all-important Southern  District of New York (that would be Manhattan), only to then rise through the Department of Justice, where, as a Bush administration appointee, he nevertheless proceeded to vigorously pursue senior White House official Scooter Libby, much to the chagrin of then VP Dick Chaney. "The credibility of the Department of Justice is at its bedrock, The American people must see the administration of justice as independent of politics, race, class, religion of any of the many other things that divide humans into tribes."<br/><br/>The second part of the book focuses on more recent events, in particular Comey's handling of Hillary Clinton (resulting from her use of a private email address for official business, including "Secret" documents). By then, Comey was FBI director. As Comey makes clear, he was in a no win situation, no matter what decision he made (to prosecute or not). But nothing can prepare us for the outright bizarro encounters that Comey has with Trump. Thankfully, Comey calls Trump for what he is, a liar "telling casual, easily disprovable lies nearly every day, and then demanding we believe them." But Comey also calls out the many GOP elected officials who stand by and say or do nothing. "They must ask themselves to what, or to whom, they hold a higher loyalty: to partisan interests or to the pillars of democracy? Their silence is complicity--it is a choice--and somewhere deep down they must know this." Agreed! As a now former GOP-leaning voter myself, I am incredibly disappointed with how the vast majority of the GOP elected officials have let one guy hijack the GOP for his vanity use, principles be damned. Meanwhile, I have nothing but the greatest respect for Comey, a man of the highest integrity. "A Higher Loyalty" is a must-read for anyone interested in the toxic political atmosphere that exists in our country these days.
 Great book on Truth and Leadership. Having worked with the FBI, I know the level of dedication and sacrifice involved. I think this is a honest and fair recollection of his time a public servant in a number of roles. The Trump stuff is relatively minor and his descriptions of his conversations with Trump are exactly what you would expect, based on what you hear and see from Trump himself.<br/><br/>I have no doubt that in time, we will all see that Comey has been telling nothing but the truth.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading the content of this book.  I further enjoyed Jim Comeys style of writing. He’s is a fine author.....and a good man!!!! He has a good spirit!!!!
 Full disclosure:  The sole reason I picked up this book was I wanted to see what lie Comey would concoct to justify why he helped to derail Clinton's campaign so late in the election cycle.  I wanted to see what intellectual gymnastics his nearly seven-foot frame would have to go through to prove why he wasn't a traitor to his country and a Trump sycophant.  I wanted to see what type of sympathy he would attempt to garner now that he lost his six-figure salary.  Oh, yeah!  I was going in full-on partisan!<br/><br/>So when I turned that final page of the book, I realized that I got much more than I bargained for.<br/><br/>HUMILITY, NOT ARROGANCE<br/><br/>James claims a lifelong struggle with arrogance, and I suppose if you go by the stories he tells of his life, I can see why someone might believe that.  But I found him and his approach to be humble.  This isn't a book in which he touts all his successes.  On the contrary, you hear more about the colossal blunders he's made more than any accolades.  You hear about the struggles to make the right decision.  (More on this later.)  You hear about some of his regrets with his immediate family.  He's not arrogant; he's self-aware.  There's a difference.<br/><br/>HONEST<br/><br/>I'm reluctant to use this term because I don't know the inner workings of the FBI.  However, going by what he's shared here, I found him to be honest and credible -- but not perfect.  What I appreciated the most is his attempt to show the ongoing struggle for not only him, but everyone at the FBI to make the right decision, especially in such a partisan environment.  Even more telling is he openly admits that the decisions may not be perfect or right, but they're the based on the evidence that's presented and on the best intentions of everyone involved.  Furthermore, he leaves room for other people to make different decisions, even acknowledging that those may be better decisions.<br/><br/>FBI WORKINGS<br/><br/>Obviously, there's a limit to what he could share, but what really struck me was how narrow-minded and facile I had become in my thinking about the whole FBI-Clinton debacle.  I wanted Clinton to win so bad because I was concerned about the other person getting his hands on power.  That clearly clouded by my view when I, along with the rest of supporters of decency and sanity, were aghast when we saw the news flash that Clinton's probe was being re-opened.  To me, it was clear the FBI was in Trump's pocket; they were out to derail Clinton.  They knew if Trump got into office, they'd get to do what they wanted because he's too dense to place any type of check on them.  (This is how Congress operates.)<br/><br/>Bunk.  Comey does a good job of pushing back against people on the left and the right -- who have opposing reasons why they despise Comey -- on the investigation.  The reality is that the FBI is a large apparatus with many, many checks and balances.  Decisions are not and cannot be made unilaterally; they require collaboration and sometimes conflict to arrive to.  But the decisions are based on the evidence.  Any of us may argue that they made the wrong decision based on that evidence, but I was silly to even think that they investigated her again because Comey just ordered everyone to do it, and all FBI employees hopped in line.<br/><br/>ETHICAL FRAMEWORK<br/><br/>When you take Comey's book as a whole, you really see that he's not saying a single thing that's controversial.  The man is talking about the fact that we all need to do our best to operate with an ethical framework.  Again, he's not arguing perfection, and he's certainly not holding himself up to be the beacon of it.  No, he's simply saying that we can disagree without making fun of others.  We can be Democrats, Republicans, and anything else and ALL still care about the country, even if we have different ways of going about it.  He's saying that we need leaders who are held to the highest standards, for whom ethical behavior matters.  He's saying that we all need a little humility in our lives.  Again, this should NOT be controversial.<br/><br/>OVERALL<br/><br/>I walked away with a profound respect for Comey.  I respected that he was humble enough to talk about his shortcomings.  I respected that he took the time to explain, as much as legally possible, his decision-making process surrounding the Clinton investigation.  I respected that he assessed the relationship with Trump as bias-free as he possibly could. (There's some there, which is to be expected.)  I respected that he shared about his childhood, college years, and even family life.<br/><br/>I can only speak for me, but I've walked away with the goal of simply trying to be a better person.  I walked with the knowledge that I need to make decisions based on fact and not get caught up in emotions.  I walked away with the belief that the end does NOT justify the means.  How you do what you do matters, too.  So for me, this book has more than accomplished its goal.
 While I was frustrated, disappointed, and yes, angry at James Comey for re-opening HRC‘s email debacle directly before the election, I was eager to read his book to gain a deeper understanding of his decision making process for doing so.<br/> I was also extremely interested in learning more about Trump’s exchanges with Comey before he was so abruptly fired. Learning the facts puts a huge picture together for the reader, and while I didn’t agree with some of Comey’s decisions I understand them now.<br/><br/>Comey’s writing is fluid, easy to follow and the book was a fascinating look into the inner works of the FBI &amp; DC.  I urge people to read this book for an understanding into a series of decisions, that are Comey’s and others, that has led our nation into the Trump era.  It’s highly important to remind ourselves that everyone in our highest offices that decide our nation’s fate are simply humans that make huge mistakes that they’ll need to live with the rest of their lives, all the while working to keep us all as safe as possible.
 I voted for Hillary Clinton.  I saw the Trumpster as so many did as a self-serving, narcissist, with no real grasp of public issues, a too easy reliance on the aspersion against others reminiscent of a 4th grader.  I agreed with Hillary that Trumpster support and base was a basket of deplorables--Alt-Right, NRA, Bretibart, all of whom represent the worst parts of America, represented a far right wing fascist agenda.<br/><br/>Comey explains how he came to be a law-man and the people who inspired him as a youth.<br/><br/>From where I stood as Joe Citizen reading the news, my impression of Hillary Clinton having a private email server seemed highly unusual even as I didn't understand the implications.  And apparently neither did Hillary; she asserts that her servers couldn't be hacked because they were securely based in her basement and guarded by Secret Service.  Apparently, Hillary had no real idea of how 'hacking' can be done.(Comey)  Comey then concluded that while Hillary's conduct was irresponsible, it was not criminal, not a prosecutable crime.  Then in early October, Anthony Wiener's computer (he is the husband of Huma Abedeen, Hillary's personal assistant) had Hillary's emails and that these emails seemed to date from the early days of her role as Secretary of State. Again, as Joe Citizen, I know that if computers are linked, what goes to one computer, goes to other computers.  So why was Anthony Wiener's computer linked to the Secretary of State's computer?  This computer sense is what most High School students would understand; somehow the IT people who advise the Secretary of State failed in a basic computer safety and protection.  Again as Joe Citizen, I suspect that it is not all that easy to hack a computer.  But I am not Chines, South Korean, or Russian Intelligence Agency for whom such matters of hacking would be routine.  Again, at the last moment before the Election, Comey found nothing criminal in her handling of classified documents, which is what the FBI was charged into looking into.  (C0mey, page 161-165)  But the far right pounced and may very well have been a tipping point in the election.<br/><br/>Keep in mind, Hillary had been lambasted in unending Congressional Hearings for the Benghazi Debacle and for Emails being deleted.  So any further attack to my mind sound just so much as Republican harassment for the sake of harassment.<br/><br/>Comey was as much surprised by the Trumpster victory as anyone was.  Comey is not a fan of the Trumpster, in the body of the book he makes at least 10 (?) derogatory statements questioning Trumpster ethics, his mental stability, his grasp of the law, his grasp of governance; he equates the Trumpster mental ethos with that of a Mafia crime boss who insists on personal loyalty.<br/><br/>Again, as Joe Citizen, I was surprised that Comey even sat down in private to talk with the Trumpster.  From what I read in the press, the Trumpster comes across as close to being a criminal type with a criminal thugster mentality. Comey would have been well within his right as Director of the FBI to have a letter sent insisting on maintaining personal distance between the DOJ,  the FBI and the Office of the President.  One paragraph as a reminder would have been sufficient.  Trumpster outmaneuvered Comey in so many ways, in so many cheap and vulgar ways.  Did Comey underestimate the Trumpster criminal mentality?  Since the Mueller investigation began, again as Joe Citizen, I see a Trumpster responding like the two-bit thug he is.  Why didn't Comey also see this?  What did he think he was dealing with?  For a guy like Comey used to dealing with Mafia types, he seemed incredibly naïve in dealing with the Trumpster.<br/><br/>But not so naïve that he didn't make notes about his meetings with the Trumpster and have the good sense to keep copies in his own home safe and after he was fired sent to an associate outsider.  Of all the President's Comey worked for, only the Trumpster needed this kind of precaution.<br/><br/>Comey doesn't have a whole lot of confidence in Jeff Sessions whom he dismisses as someone in over his head intellectually and morally as Attorney General.  He doesn't mention Rob Rosenstein by name, but he does site him as the Deputy Attorney General who wrote the memo to Trumpster justifying why Comey should be fired.  And then Rosenstein goes on to establish the office of Special Counsel to look into the Russian matter and appointed Robert Mueller to head the Office. So Rosenstein comes across as a person of convenience; he could have resigned rather than write a memo justifying Comey being fired, but he didn't.<br/><br/>Comey writes a book aimed for the Joe Citizen out there in America who wonders about how these governmental things work.  I was surprised to learn that he had never met Hillary; Joe Citizen assumes that these people meet each other in cocktail parties, social events, dinner engagements .  Apparently that is not the case with Comey and Hillary.<br/><br/>He explains his reasoning for opening Hillary email case after the July 5 closure, opening it just a week before the election and then only to announce that there was still no evidence of criminal activity.  Hillary asserted that deleted emails were personal; those who question the method of deletion--that would strike me as a way to protect her privacy from people who thrive on private gossip.  And for him, there was no real alternative.  As Joe Citizen, I saw the dilemma: write a report and give it to Obama's AG, Loretta Lynch, and then what was she going to do?  Set up a Special Prosecutor to harass Hillary for essentially nothing like Benghazi? In the end, Comey did what he thought was right.<br/><br/>He also explains how strange Team Trumpster responded to the information from American Intelligence Community, that Russians (Directed by Putin) played a significant role in hacking the DNC and discussed the matter in terms of political damage, not in terms of a national threat to American identity. It  struck him odd and out of sorts. Only Comey and the Trumpster were present when Comey discussed the infamous Steele Dossier which includes the allegation of a Kremlin tape of the Trumpster hiring prostitutes to pee on the bed President Obama slept. As Joe Citizen, I thought that was a bit much, anyone could be hired by Russian agents who might readily pass for the Trumpster and filmed engaging in that sort of behavior.  But I have to say, with every vicious and mean spirited Tweet the Trumpster made, the possibly that he would pull such a cheap and vulgar stunt became more believable.  What does he say to Assistant Attorney General in their last phone call:  "Ask her (his wife lost a bid for politiacl office) how it feels to be a loser?"  (Comey, page 267)  A vicious comment that simply confirms a reality of a pee-pee tape.  And since then, the nation has learned the Trumpser does have a fondness for tainted prostitute p*ssy, so his argument that as a germaphobe he wouldn't do such a thing so laden with germs just won't work.<br/><br/>Again as Joe Citizen, I saw a real possibility that both Hillary &amp; the Trumpster were comprimised legally to such an extent as to receive jail time.  A criminal investigation of both would have tainted the election and made both disqualified for office.  But of the two, I thought the Trumpster stank the most.<br/><br/>A book, like the LAW, sets out a record for the future.  Who did the deed,  how was the deed done?  The historian has to sit down and record the events of the day to discern the truth, transcendent TRUTH.  Comey's book does just that; the nation was well served by Comey, the nation is well served by Comey's book--A HIGHER LOYALTY:TRUTH, LIES AND LEADERSHIP.
 DID NOT expect the book would be this good.
 Very good read, can’t put it down!
 James Comey:  An honorable man.<br/><br/>In a time when honor, truth, and loyalty to higher principles have fallen into an abyss of self-interest, reading Comey's remarkable book was a breath of new hope. He begins with an Author's Note that sets out his motivation and provides his perspective on ethical leadership. This powerful statement—that ethical leaders adhere to lasting values transcending individuals and groups—forms the framework of his book. It is surprisingly readable and well-written, moving at a constant pace and never dull. Following Comey from youth through his impressive career in law and intelligence, it gives an intimate experience of how he and his family weathered the furor of the U.S. President and allies' attempts at manipulation, lie-spreading, and ultimately firing him from his position as FBI Director.<br/><br/>Some have criticized Comey for arrogance and over-confidence. I did not experience him as arrogant, and he readily admits to a tendency to be over-confident. From the outset Comey openly acknowledges his shortcomings, and notes when his decisions might have been less than optimal. What shines through his writing is an unflagging commitment to truth and dedication to carrying out his responsibilities ethically. He loves the Constitution and this country, and has served faithfully for many years. His belief in the goodness of most people, and their resilience to right the ship when off course, are inspiring.<br/><br/>Details of the web of intrigue in which Comey was caught surrounding the 2016 elections makes for fascinating reading. It helped me understand why he made the controversial decisions about the Clinton emails, though many disagree that they were the right ones, and just how despicable the President's tactics were. Comey is an honorable man—but so was Brutus, and this Shakespeare character who acted on principles also met an unjust fate.
 This is a very well written, if altogether too short and incomplete book due to the realities of the ongoing investigation.  I greatly enjoyed Comey's writing style and perspective, even if it left me feeling a bit like a patriotic prosecutor crossed with a Boy Scout.  I'm proud to own this book.
 I think if people are buying this book, thinking it's a total bashing tell-all of Trump, they are going to be sadly disappointed.  I'll confess that's why I originally wanted to buy the book..lol.  This is basically James Comey's story of how he started in law and how he got where he was.  He gives accounts of some of the cases he has worked on in the past, and most recently his interactions with Trump.  If you have been paying attention to all the insanity that's been going on, there won't be any big "bomb shell" surprises in this book.  I for one, thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It's almost an autobiography of James Comey.  It's very well written.  It doesn't drag (I read it in a little over a day).  I found it to very honest and heartfelt (and even a little humor).  I believe James Comey is a man of honor and integrity.  So, if you're looking for a Trump bashing "bomb shell", don't buy it.  But, if you're interested in knowing a little more about James Comey, the man....buy it.
 First I want to say, that until I read the book, I failed to understand the thinking behind the actions that were taken before the election. In reading this book I realized that he had only two choices when new information was uncovered, he could either speak and possibly be criticized or hide what was uncovered and leave the FBI's integrity in question. I came away from this book with a much better understanding of how good men can be brought down just for doing what they believe is the right thing. In this book you learn how Mr. Comey grown-up, how he lived his life and earned the right to the prestigious position he held. It reinforcement my belief that there are good, honest people who are willing to stand up for what they believe in no matter the cost.  The egotistical bullies have taken over and have turned our government into a bad reality show that promotes bad behavior and punishes those who disagree. Like Mr. Comey, or not, I found this to be a very interesting look into a disgraceful time in our history. "A leader needs he truth, but an emperor does not consistently hear it from his underlings." Those in power have to understand that without checks and balance by independent entities such as the FBI or DOJ, that our freedom will be compromised by those who try to rule unchecked.
 I'd say I read this book cover-to-cover, but I only had the e-book. I read it from the first to last pixel today. I can't describe how angry I was with him for revealing the discovery of Hillary's e-mails on Weiner's computer shortly before the election. I thought he intentionally did her in. I have a very different view having read his book. Director Comey was caught in an untenable position, and he made the decision a man of integrity had to make. I'm bitterly disappointed with the result (and more than "mildly nauseated") but I do understand. I highly recommend "A HIgher Loyalty."
 Truly a cut above. Honest refreshing and insightful. Thank You for your service putting honor and loyalty and truth above all else.
 Arrived with a greasy hand print on the front and back cover. Will keep the book and look forward to reading it, but Amazon needs to improve their quality control.
 As much as I wanted to like this book, I found it disappointing, although reasonably well written. The author admits that he thinks highly of himself, but nonetheless he does not look critically enough at the sum of his words and actions.  I finished it just as the inspector general‘s report was released, and so I feel even more let down after learning now that the author, Comey, used a personal email account for some FBI emails. How hypocritical is that?!
 A very well written book on ethical leadership.
 I found this book to be a good and fast read. It's not a large book, less than 300 pages and I had most of it read in the first day I picked it up, I only put it down because it was getting late and dark   I only have one small lamp in my front room ]. If you have not read this book please don't make rude and negative comments. This book is Not a book about Trump, he is not even mentioned until the last quarter of the book and nothing is said that hasn't already been said on news programs or more accurately by most of us in private. If you haven't read this book you have no right to comment. I have come to regard Mr. Comey with a lot of respect, I even cried when he talked about the loss of his baby son. This is a good and fair book.
 If nothing else, one comes away from this book with the impression that James Comey is a straight arrow of a breed rarely represented in government today.  As I write this, the FBI has released its report severely criticizing Comey for departing from Bureau protocols in making his public statements about the Clinton email investigation, but from his own account here, it's understandable -- at least about 95% understandable -- how he thought he was doing the right thing.  (One might suggest that if he were not so determined to do the right thing, events might have come out differently?)  The book actually covers his whole career, and is interesting throughout, as he tells about dealing with mafiosi kingpins and hit men, and explains why Martha Stewart was prosecuted (another book I read recently dismisses that case as a misuse of governmental resources, but Comey convincingly refutes that -- Stewart participated in insider trading and then lied about it to investigators; was she supposed to get a pass because she's rich and famous?).  In about the last quarter of the book Comey covers the 2016 elections and his dealings with the Trump administration.  He actually believes the Trump presidency may have a long term beneficial effect on the nation -- is this guy a cockeyed optimist, or what?  But regardless of his opinions and interpretations, the simple facts Comey sets out here are noteworthy and significant.<br/><br/>Addendum:  And not long after I wrote this, it came out that while Comey was investigating, and making pronouncements about, Clinton, he himself was using a private email server ... I don't even know what to say about that.  Nobody could make this stuff up.  The daily news is getting too absurd ...
 I have read Jim Comey's book from cover to cover.  I find it transparent and compelling.  He is a very decent human being whether or not you happen to agree with his opinions.  He has written what amounts to be his autobiography, his side of the story, and he goes into painstaking detail so that the general public can understand how the FBI works.  It is also obvious that 80% to 90% of the media people, who like pre-adolescents rummaging through texts to find the "dirty" bits, have not read the book only skimmed the the last three chapters; however, in order to save face they have parroted each other.  I don't believe for one minute he wrote just to sell books and make money.  You might actually learn something if you read the book.<br/><br/>To suffer at the hands of President Trump, after a lifetime of dedicated work for the FBI, the public humiliation dished out to him is unconscionable and vicious, which only the work of a sadist not something a right-minded, God-fearing American citizen with any sense of decency would ever do to a fellow human being.  And, since "do until others as you wish to be done unto" is part of the Christian American ethos, I sincerely trust that President Trump gets his in spades.<br/><br/>To those who gave it a one star, I suggest you learn to read English and express yourself in something other than monosyllables.
 AOK
 Wow.... this book is eye-opening as to the true character of this man who is living in the white house now.  Mr. Comey displays courage, honesty and strength of character and is unwavering in his telling of his interactions with the man in the Oval.  I may not agree with some of Mr. Comey's decisions, but I do admire his strength of character and his following of the law.  His stern warnings about our democracy being in jeopardy are chilling as well as a wakeup call to all citizens to pay attention and raise our voices!  Very good read...
 So many questions got answered by this book. A very frank account not only of Comey's whole life up to this point (which was quite a story in itself) but of recent events that produced such a commotion politically. Just like in Michael Wolff's "Fire and Fury", the portrait of Donald Trump as an incompetent president and a downright manipulator, shocks the reader, but James Comey's version of this portrait is even more astounding - as he delivers his impressions from one-on-one meetings with Trump. I appreciated the distinction Comey made so clearly - between "loyalty" in Trump's world and a higher loyalty, a truly honest loyalty.  Perfect title for this candid and, in the end, inspiring book.
 If you only watch the interviews, you'd think the entire book covered 6 months of history and two people. While events of the 2016 election and aftermath are covered, they are just the back third of the chapters and the book would be worth it without them - - mafia killers, Martha Stewart, loss of a child, torture memos, and more grace the rest of the pages.<br/><br/>Anyone interested in keeping their morals straight -those for whom doing what is right is more important than winning- amid toxic politics and crumpling institutions would be benefited greatly by this accessible and engaging inside peak at some of the most fascinating public issues of our time.
 Reading James Comey's book is educational, entertaining, and thought provoking especially in sorting out how lies can distort reality.  It, also, helped in understand better the responsibilities.of the FBI and where the organization fits with other governmental agencies  Comey's style is quite visual, easy to read, and clarifies connections that have been made quite murky with all of the political posturing. Comey's thinking and searching about meaning and leadership is insightful and meaningful.<br/>I would have liked to have known these things before the 2016 election but am very glad I read this book, now.  It's a keeper.
 Just started it, so far so good. I see James Comet in a different light now. Don't believe everything negative you hear about people.
 This was a fantastic memoir on several levels. One, it left me with a much clearer understanding of how the FBI and the Justice Department were intended to function. Two, the story itself was tightly woven with well-developed themes and straightforward, enjoyable writing. Three, it clearly presented James Comey's perspective on his well-publicized and widely criticized choices as director of the FBI.<br/><br/>I experienced this as an audiobook read by James Comey himself and found that also contributed to my appreciation for the memoir.<br/><br/>James Comey has seen and done a lot. The majority of this book covers his career pre-Trump, and wow--does he ever have some good stories. This treatment of his career presents him as a thoughtful, justice-seeking individual whose perspective is worth hearing. While he could be accused of using this memoir to defend himself (and let's face it--any of us who were criticized as widely and roundly as he has been would do the same), his explanations are thoughtful and convincing. He shows how decisions grew out of prior experiences and, yes, mistakes.<br/><br/>Judge Comey's words for yourself. Take the time to read this.
 The incredible story of an ordinary man destined to become an extraordinary leader. Much more a guide on ethical leadership than a man caught in a web of politics.
 This is a book to read for yourself. Don't read the reviews and think you understand either James Comey or what he writes about. This book you should read first hand.<br/><br/>James Comey's devotion to honesty, truthfulness and integrity moved me tremendously. And over and over he examines himself and sees his flaws and shortcomings.<br/><br/>With all my heart I wish that Americans understand the grave danger we are in as a democracy from bullies and cowardly, uncaring followers of bullies.This book makes that case very powerfully.<br/><br/>Comey's writing is excellent throughout the book. The book is not only excellently written, it really is a nail biter at times, putting you on the edge of your seat. Quite exciting at times!
 Thank you James Comey!
 The best leadership book I've read.  The best way to understand why Director Comey made the decisions he did throughout his life. From the Author's Note: "Ethical leaders do not run from criticism, especially self-criticism, and they don’t hide from uncomfortable questions. They welcome them."  Some of his decisions are deeply painful, but after reading this book I understand his choices and admire his character. This book is easy to read.  It's well written, and Comey's self reflection helps you understand what true leadership looks like in action.<br/><br/>It takes a confident and humble person to write, as Comey does early in the book "I know I can be wrong, even when I am certain I am right. Listening to others who disagree with me and are willing to criticize me is essential to piercing the seduction of certainty."  He sets the bar for judging himself and you judging his life actions and decision with words like this.<br/><br/>Read this book.  You will understand the headlines and stories we've been inundated with these last 16 months.  And read this book to get a practical instruction and demonstration in the qualities of true leadership.
 A must read.<br/>A lot is known.<br/>Places FBI where it belongs.<br/>At the top
 Clearly, there is going to be an abundance of reviews, many highly critical, a few extremely laudatory, of James Comey’s memoir “A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership”. There have already been numerous live TV interviews of the author, although the book has been available to the “average citizen” like me for only 3 days. Although I am under no illusions that my contribution to the discussion will be of great significance, as a Vine reviewer of fair longevity perhaps I have a few useful insights to share.<br/><br/>As those who perhaps are familiar with me via my reviews will be aware, I am particularly fond of the memoir genre. In addition, as my own personal memoir attests, although I have never been politically involved (my career was teaching high school chemistry) I have voted in every election since I became eligible in 1960 – both National and local. However, I have been impacted personally by many of the recent “Movements”, including those for Civil Rights and LGBT Rights. Since the 9/11 events, and my retirement from teaching in 2003, I have become considerably more engaged in the various dialogs concerning the abuse of American democracy by such aspects as the Patriot Act and the depredations perpetrated by political extremism under the banner of security.<br/><br/>I will leave to others the analysis of James Comey’s “handling” of the Clinton e-mail brouhaha during the 2016 presidential campaign, since there has already been, and will continue to be, a great deal of commentary on that issue. Personally, I found the author’s discussion of his involvement during the Bush 43 administration the most informative and valuable part of his book. I am already on record via my reviews of the works of David Ray Griffin and Susan Lindauer as being extremely critical of the entire 9/11 Commission Report and the subsequent “overstep” perpetrated by the Bush administration via the NSA, approval of “enhanced interrogation” of suspected terrorists, and so on. I was profoundly delighted to read that Comey – as acting Attorney General during Ashcroft’s illness and subsequently – was committed to preventing re-authorization without modification of the “Stellar Wind” program as well trying to get torture of prisoners eliminated from CIA approved procedures. These efforts on Comey’s part fully convince me that he is authentic in his commitment to ethical leadership.<br/><br/>In addition, this author’s basic premise, which I wholeheartedly affirm, is that the only possible hope for America in this crisis time is the complete revitalization of our culture based on genuine ethical principles. This simply cannot be overstated. If we are to survive as a democracy, it will be as a result of returning to the basic premise of government of, by and for the people – ALL the people. We need to reject the Mafioso values promoted by Putin and apparently adhered to by far too many American oligarchs as well. We DO need to reject the lies of those in power whose only objective is to RETAIN that power and enrich themselves regardless of the cost to everyone else. And beyond all this, we need to be aware of the profound changes in the political and cultural landscape resulting from the Internet and Social Media and become cognizant of the new challenges to Truth which will inevitably follow.
 During and after the 2016 election, I blamed Director Comey for the Trump win.  However, I now understand the difficult decision Director Comey had to make, along with the stress he must’ve been under.  In my opinion, he is an honorable man, with imperfections as all of us. But, he served with integrity and is now a member of the resistance ( like most of us, he worries for our country).<br/>I highly recommend reading this book with an open mind.
 Everyone needs to tell their side, and Comey tells his well. With his journalistic background, his every word holds our interest. I admire the loftiness of his outlook, his goals, though I may not agree with all his actions. Yet I understand the conflict that faced him from every side and admire the strength of his courage.<br/><br/>Comey takes us on a journey through his life as a child and as an enforcer of law that shaped his views on what makes a good leader. He worked to take down the Mafia and worked on other cases, which include political. He explains how he strove to bring greater diversity into the FBI, so it could better serve a diverse nation. He explains what brought him to the decisions he made involving Hillary Clinton's emails, and later Donald Trump's attempts to sway him. He compares the leadership of the three presidents he worked under. Through all the tug and pull of politics, he strove as one who works in law to be apolitical.<br/><br/>No matter how one views the man, his ideals are a worthy read. These ideals would elevate anyone who follows them.
 I don't normally read memoirs.  This one, however, intrigued me because of the various conflicting information I'd been hearing about Mr. Comey's ability to tell the truth (especially by the President) and implications his book is only a petty attempt at revenge for being fired.  I also do not like the attacks being made on the integrity of the FBI.  I wanted to decide for myself whether the author is a liar or slime ball.<br/><br/>After reading the book I can tell you I was impressed with the narrative, the author's depth of experience as a dedicated public servant, and  took away a lot more ideas about what it takes to be a good leader.  I also no longer believe that book is a petty attempt to discredit the President.  Read "A Higher Loyalty" and decide for yourself.
 Provides insight into the turbulent times that we live in . I did not find the book to be partisan I found it to be informative, also it provided understanding and clarity.
 Much of this timely memoir by former FBI director Comey has little or nothing to do with Donald Trump.  There are 14 chapters and it is not until chapter 10 that A Higher Loyalty addresses the 2016 presidential election and its polarizing contenders...Hillary Clinton and Donald J. Trump.<br/>The initial chapters are concerned with James Comey's early life and his enviable success in rising to the loftiest of positions in the public service arena.  Readers will learn details about famous stories in recent American history.  The Martha Stewart prosecution, the Valerie Plame affair, the sickbed confrontation involving John Ashcroft, etc.<br/>Eventually the rational behind the closing of the Hillary Clinton email investigation, its sudden reopening less than 2 weeks before election day and its reclosing several days later are given.<br/>In the final chapters, the author's low opinion of Donald Trump vis-à-vis his lack of empathy, ethics and leadership skills come out loud and clear.<br/>An informative book by a public figure with a unique perspective on the major news story of our time.  Highly recommended.
 One does not have to either agree with or even like James Comey to appreciate what he has put in writing in this book.  Our Constitution, our electoral process, our legislative process and our legal system, are only as good as the people who lead and toil in our government.  The citizens of these United States must hold themselves and their government to a high level of honesty and integrity.  Without that the Constitution and the laws and the civil authority mean very little.<br/><br/>James Comey ties examples  from his life of great leadership to paint a picture of how great leaders require humility, openness and the ability to learn from a wide variety of others. They also are able to motivate their subordinates to strive for excellence and not be afraid to speak up.  The forces that undermine this are the bullies and their complicit followers who fail to call out bad behavior.  The current administration under Trump operates more like Mafia and less like Patriots. It encourages scapegoating.  A "we" against "they" like the Cosa Nostra.<br/><br/>James Comey is a skillful and engaging writer.  You will not be bored reading this book. The reader is encouraged to take the high road of good citizenship; pay attention to what is being said and done; and fearlessly address bad behavior.  Our democracy cannot survive unless people of good will stand up for our democracy.
 Personal and emotional attempt to defend universal values that seem to be more and more ignored or forgotten by today's society: integrity, public service responsibility, family devotion, true dedication and passion for work.<br/>It was amazing for me to read how a BIG FBI director sought support and advice from his wife. How humble and lovely. And what a testimony to a truly wonderful marriage.<br/>Instead of looking for reasons to criticize James Comey, we should go back to his own words why he decided to attend law school and how and why he enjoyed being in law enforcement.<br/>Great narrative language and easy reading of many difficult topics.
 I appreciated Comey’s attention to detail about how some of the various government departments work.  I can see why he  thought it important to explain that.  I hadn’t known, for example, the details of how the Hillary Clinton email fiasco happened. I was surprised that the Trump stuff only occupied about 20% of the book. It was not a diatribe about Trump, but a perfect model for leadership that at the moment we are not getting.
 When current political infections have been cured, this thoughtful, warm, horrifying and even funny discourse on true leadership will be a guidebook to future leaders.  It is not the expose that it was painted to be, but a serious and philosophical dialogue about what makes a leader great and what makes a leader dangerous.  We have the right and responsibility to demand greatness.  Thank you Mr. Comey for opening our eyes.
 A really well written book.
 Money well spent
 I already submitted my review on my kindle
 I found this book to be an honest and ethical account of Comey's unfortunate dealings with Trump. Comey's honesty and  his values as director of the FBI shine through his narrative in dealing with the corrupt and contentious Trump.  Comey's honesty about his own foibles in his life is refreshing. He did not attack anyone Iin the book, but simply wrote about his "confrontations" with Trump and how corrupt he is. The book flows well and describes in detail about the Clinton email investigation and why he made certain decisions. I would highly recommend reading this to understand the truth that has been so tangled up in the media and among Trump supporters who believe the lies they are told.
 Wow just wow.Please read this book.
 When the dust  settles, I believe  history  will be very kind to Mr. Comey.<br/>This book is a fascinating  account of Mr. Comey 's career and his commitment  to maintaining the integrity  and independence  of the  organizations  he served in. We need a lot more people of integrity  like  James Comey  in the world.
 In this memoir, Comey explores the concept of leadership through the seminal, formative experiences of his personal and professional life. It’s written in a familiar, intimate style that seems to speak from a genuine and reflective place. Far from contrived, the book lays bare the ethical challenges he’s faced and the political blowback he endured when trying to make principled decisions that were made with the nation’s best interests at heart. A fascinating look at what it takes to be principled in the hyper-tribalism that pervades our nation’s politics. Fascinating, frightening and revealing on so many levels. If you fancy yourself as any sort of centrist at all, you owe it to yourself to read this book.
 This was a great book on leadership. Loved it!
 A lot of self serving autobiography aimed at providing readers insight into how he honed his leadership who his mentors were, and how much more character and integrity he has than Trump. Very poor explanation of FBI investigation into Clinton's use of private server and how the FBI did such a thorough investigation yet found nothing that could prove that what she did, she did knowingly. All federal employees are required to take a YEARLY  basic course that covers classified material handling, all know the BASICS of classified materials and IT at a level enough to know the seriousness of what she did. Any reasonable person, much less Secretary of State, should know that exposing classified data on an unsecure server was the issue not whether the recipient of the messages had access to classified information, as Comey implied. Same with Weiner laptop emails. Another SEPARATE instance of classified info moved onto an unclassified machine. He wanted to make himself look good and Trump look bad, very bad. That was all this book boiled down to.
 Excellent book and so much information that I needed to know.  The media gives me nothing and especially the truth!  Read the book in two days and plan to reread it this week.  So pleased that Mr. Comey decided to write this book.  It is definitely a "must read".
 I can't say enough good things about this book. Page after page describing how an ethical leader should act; how his position demanded truth regardless of political party; and his courage to stand for the truth. I admired his humility, his vulnerability, and his ability to discuss how he could have been better during certain moments. I learned so much about the inner workings of the FBI, how they operated, and their mission to independently stand for the truth, for the Constitution, and for the trust of the American people. For the first time in a very long time, I feel hopeful that there are honest people in the government working for us. I also feel sad that we lost a great leader. The facts about Trump were stated. This is not a book about bashing him. In fact, Trump doesn't show up until the last third of the book, which is fine by me. I have had enough of Trump's depressing rule. I wanted to read more about Comey's thoughts on leadership. There is so much that we can learn from him. Well done, Mr. Comey.
 Read it thought provoking not the villain people make him out to be. It's not a book bash about Trump.
 “A Higher Loyalty” is worth reading because it gives you insights into how the executive branch of government works, how federal investigations are run, and what makes James Comey tick. Regardless of what you think about his actions in his official roles in government, he is a good storyteller and I think a good man similar to most of the people who follow careers in law enforcement at the federal level.<br/><br/>Before I get into any more details, I would point out that this book is not just about Trump or the brief time Comes served in the Trump administration. It’s a book about Comey going all the way back to his childhood and then covering the various jobs in his career in the federal government. It’s a book about leadership and what qualities make an effective leader of a large organization. And it’s a book that attempts to justify the actions Comey took that influenced the 2016 election. In my opinion, Comey succeeds in the first two goals because this book is a compelling autobiography, but he fails to acquit himself of the bungling of the Clinton email investigation.<br/><br/>His stories about his trauma as a child being a victim of crime and a target of bullying create the backdrop of his black and white view of right and wrong. His stories about the influence of his childhood heroes and his parents give some insights into what motivates James Comey as an individual. He weaves those stories into his career as a Federal prosecutor (including justifying how he handled the Martha Stewart perjury case and doing some foreshadowing with his work with organized crime), as a part of the White Water special counsel (justifying how he was part of the investigations into the Clintons activities), as the Deputy Attorney General in the Bush administration (justifying his handling of the Scooter Libby investigation and his part in the policies involving torture after 911), and as the FBI Director under both the Obama and Trump administrations (justifying his role in the Hillary Clinton email investigations and his unintended influence on the 2016 elections). Two thirds of the book are about his childhood and his career prior to 2016, and these stories are fascinating and revealing. You will learn some details here that you may not have known.<br/><br/>Comey’s book also attempts to define what it means to be an effective leader. I think he mostly succeeds at this part of the book. I very much enjoyed the quotes he uses throughout the book to focus the sub-themes of the book. I like how he ties the stories of his childhood to the leadership decisions he made. I believe the themes of being an active listener, being humble, being transparent, and being truthful are genuinely positive characteristics that are lacking in many of our leaders, especially in the business world but also in government.<br/><br/>I see two weaknesses in Comey’s book in regards to his advice about leadership. First, he doesn’t have a lot of results to point to that show the impact of his own leadership. Second, I think (although he covers it briefly at the end) he doesn’t fully address the danger of pride and ego in leaders, which I think he suffers from himself. Comey is like many Federal prosecutors and FBI agents—he is certain that his moral compass is superior to everyone else, that the world is black and white, and that being true to his personal moral compass justifies any decisions he makes.<br/><br/>This blindspot of ego is what lead Comey to disrupt the 2016 election multiple times, and I think the only sad part of the book is that he can’t admit that he made a series of mistakes that were largely caused by his mixture of good intentions and arrogance. The book definitely lays out the complexities involved and the inappropriate interference of Trump on the process before and after he took office. I don’t think Comey had bad intentions in the actions he took with his public statements, which I think most people would agree did influence the election. I think that Comey made the tragic mistake of thinking it was him against the world and he alone had to decide what to do and to do it. That’s the missing part of his book in regards to leadership, but I think you can read between the lines of his own story and see how he could become a bit of a bully himself and how he came to see himself as the only person with the moral certitude to do what (he thought) was right.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book. The theme of having a loyalty to something greater than party or faction or self is inspiring. The historical and autobiographical details are plentiful. If you like audio books, hearing him read the book himself makes it even more compelling. I would recommend this book to anyone interested in politics, the justice system, modern history, or just well-written autobiographies.
 Hard to release a book like this in the current political climate. Whatever mistakes were made--at least Comey is reflective unlike so many in Washington, and law enforcement for that matter. I appreciate the insight and perspective, realizing he is a controversial figure.
 This book helps shed light on all the chaotic controversy in the news.  James Comey takes you through his challenges of protecting the independence of the FBI to follow the law, regardless of political pressure.  It is a must read if you are following the news at all.  Mr. Comey has done well by the FBI in writing this book.  Its honest, forthright and an easy read.  He's a man of integrity.  I highly recommend you pick it up!
 The paper pages are so thin that the print on the other side of all the pages shows through and makes it very difficult to read. Also, the print itself is very light. This is a very poor quality print job and I'm terribly disappointed.
 NOT IMPRESSED. And I like him. He's really full of himself. I was expecting something else. I had just read Fire and Fury. That was a hard act to follow I guess.
 Well written and very believable.
 I started out by liking the book, but he is definitely biased and in the pocket of the liberals.  He tries to act so moral and high and mighty, but chooses his side to trash.  He's not middle ground.  I now don't believe a word he says.  I had to turn the book off and throw it away.  Went from liking the guy to totally disliking this guy.
 In depth enough to see a bigger picture.  I liked the emphasis on telling the truth.  I don't understand how evangelicals continue to support Trump when he lies every single. day!
 This memoir reflects on James Comey's troubling moments in his career. The book introduces the reader to Comey's early years at the hand of the person he identifies as the Ramsey rapist. Then, it segues into Comey's career generally in law enforcement. Deputy Attorney General, Acting Attorney General, Deputy FBI Director, and finally, Director of the FBI. Regardless of Comey's policies on things I care about which ran contrary to my own, I've always see him as a fair, good, and moral person. This book serves to chronicle particular moments in Comey's career in law enforcement that brought him to this "higher loyalty".<br/><br/>If you're a partisan feeling the labels of "Showboatin' Comey" as something that fits, but still want to give him a chance before passing such a judgement, reading this book will no doubt help understand the intentions behind the man. The book chronicles his time through three administrations (Bush, Obama, and Trump): two Republicans and one Democrat.<br/><br/>There was quite a bit of fluff in between the nine hours of listening to the audiobook, so that the book can't exactly be broken up into a few sentences. Nevertheless, Comey strikes me as someone incredibly intelligent, well-written and read, and so astute and principled that it's no surprise he became Director of the FBI. To lighten the rhetoric heavy prose, there's quite a few asides embedded with regards to Comey's large height, and also the occasional ad-lib relating to others' physical characteristics talked about in the media, such as Trump's hands.<br/><br/>Regarding people, he views Bush as a bit of a Texan blowhard, though affable enough admit when he's wrong. He views Obama as a serious leader and a fine person, always thoughtful and considerate of ethics. He finally views Trump as a glib sociopath, characterizing him as no better than the mob bosses Comey used to prosecute.<br/><br/>In making this characterization, of which the media jumped on quite readily when the book came out, Comey first subjects the reader to 7 hours of other people he considered to be mob bosses and sociopaths, such as literal mob bosses and sociopaths. He also talks about the "bullies" he faced throughout his career, such as his superior during the Bush administration, Alberto Gonzales. I don't find his comparison too out of focus, but it's no surprise other things, like the FBI/DOJ palace intrigue, serve as the carrot on the stick instead of the well known Trump/Comey beef.<br/><br/>As others pointed out, the moral high-ground Comey argues from is persistent, and at times comes at the cost of sounding disingenuous.<br/><br/>Describing his interactions with Jeff Sessions, he magically morphs Alberto Gonzales, the book's main antagonist figure before Trump comes along, and the person who literally pressured an ailing Attorney General into endorsing warrantless surveillance, into a do-gooder and nice person by mere comparison. What? What brought him to such a conclusion? While Comey does talk about resigning in the Bush administration from his position DAG (Deputy Attorney General), did he not consider that readers would draw a correlation to his departure after his rival Alberto Gonzalez became his boss? While it's certainly not causation, I wish he described this chapter better.<br/><br/>Similarly, you'll read of his regret about being a bully in his college years with messing with some kid's dorm, but little regret or debate with one of his most controversial policies as FBI Director, which was his attack on encryption. I know it's petty, but if only he included that “you’re stuck with me for about another six and a half years" in his book, it would have made later chapter where he recounts his firing as all the more bittersweet. Then again, such an ironic inclusion would diminish from the books generally serious tone, and besides the point, it's too soon.<br/><br/>Although Comey isn't a perfect person, his book establishes him as quite a decent human being and does much to exonerate his "showboating" conduct (that benefited mostly Trump, but also Clinton) in the 2016 election. As a whole, Comey's distinguished career in law enforcement overshadows the more controversial political leanings that he resists until the very end. The notion of good and righteousness, in a world full of hurt and criminality, is exactly what the book seeks to accomplish. And that it did. The book left me with a great feeling of optimism, knowing that no matter the storm, the sun will always come shining through at the end of it.<br/><br/>If James Comey were a comic book character, one could certainly argue he'd be a Lawful Good.
 Comey was very candid in this book and introduced some excellent quips about leadership, self-reflection and loyalty.  If you're looking for a Trump bashing book, this isn't it.  Frankly, he doesn't really elaborate much on Clinton or Trump until about the last 4 or so chapters.  It was a very impressive piece describing his years in office serving the American public.
 Best book I ever read. Stop reading this review and order the book. Now. Go.
 There will be those who listen to or read this book and refuse to believe a word Mr Comey says. Not I. In my opinion, this book is extremely well written by a man who has more integrity and honesty in his pinkie finger than the current administration collectively and the opposition as well. Okay, so that’s an exaggeration. There are good people of integrity on both sides and Mr. Comey points this out over and over in his interactions with his colleagues over the the last few decades.<br/><br/>I learned a great deal about how our justice system works and the role of the F.B.I. reading this book.<br/><br/>Some readers will say this account is a case of ‘sour grapes.’ If you think so, you really should read every page of this book. Just leave your political hat on top of the bookshelf and listen/ read as a human being first, a citizen of this planet second and a political supporter last.<br/><br/>At no time does Mr. Comey resort to the kind of childish retorts I just read in yesterday’s morning newspaper by politicians reacting to President Trump’s former attorney, Michael Cohen’s public statement: “I am not protecting Mr. Trump anymore. My loyalty to Mr. Trump has cost me everything.”<br/><br/>Beneath the photo of the shamed Cohen was a photo showing other politicians (a.k.a. grown men in political leadership positions in our country)with a poster hanging up that read:<br/><br/> “Liar, Liar, Pants on Fire.”<br/><br/>Seriously? Is our government still in grade school? Is this the example we want to set for our children? That when someone has been found guilty of a crime, it’s okay to publicly humiliate them? To ridicule another human being with a poster of a mean-spirited nursery rhyme?<br/><br/>Besides, it’s not like we live in a country that prides itself in freedom of speech or anything. Right?<br/><br/>Yes, Cohen lied.<br/><br/>Anyone alive who says they have never lied is a ... never mind.<br/><br/>This book explains how James Comey was asked over and over again to pledge blind loyalty to Trump above his responsibility to uphold the law. He walked away with his integrity intact because he refused to be coerced or bullied into doing the same things Mr. Cohen is now paying for with everything, including his freedom<br/><br/>James Comey’s honest self-appraisal and his ability to hold himself and others accountable to that higher standard despite the tremendous personal cost and loss of the career he loved, encouraged me to examine my own willingness to stand up in the face of bullies and injustice whether in the private work force or our government.<br/><br/>I hope I can meet Mr. Comey one day and thank him for his service to our country and for writing this book.<br/><br/>As an author myself, I’m reminded of Mark Twain’s famous quote (paraphrased) ‘Truth is stranger than fiction because fiction has to make sense.’<br/><br/>This book provides a fascinating insight into the workings of government- not just in this administration but several previous administrations as well.<br/><br/>Prior to reading this book I believed both President George W. Bush and President Barack Obama to be honorable men. Having read of Mr. Comey’s interactions with each of them during their presidencies, I still do. This book is not an attack on one party or the other.<br/><br/>James Comey stands for truth, justice and the American way. A higher loyalty indeed.<br/><br/> Jan Anderegg<br/>(Author of the Julu series)
 I’ve read the book and don’t recognize it from the pundits’ and “reviewers’” comments.  Mr. Comey is not a polished author, which makes this book more authentic and heartfelt.  What he does have to say is integrity, honesty, humility, humor and ability to learn are most important qualities in a Leader.<br/>Most commentaries I’ve read focus on the small bits of personal observations concerning our current highly flawed mentally incompetent leadership.  I wonder if many commentators actually read this book or just venting their spleens over whatever political issues or tribal allegiance they posses.<br/>Read this book, draw from it the the very important message that Mr. Comey has regarding leadership qualities.  Our Nation’s continuation depends on each citizen elegible to vote, to Vote with the idea of Good Leadership qualifications as paramount.  Well done, Mr. Comey.
 So good.
 For the record, I am a 57 year old life-long Republican writing this review and I have a family member in the bureau.<br/>This book gives a full account of Comey's professional career as well as key events in his private life and his life growing up that shaped his opinions and helped him develop leadership and character.  He talks about his years working to prosecute the mob families and the sensitivities in prosecuting Martha Stewart.<br/>The last several chapters were dedicated to explaining the investigation regarding the Clinton email server and his interactions with President Trump.  He fully explains why they could not prosecute Hillary Clinton for her indiscretions when compared to other breaches of classified material including General Petreus who gave up far more classified material, with full knowledge and intent, and then lied to the FBI about it.  He got a misdemeanor charge and a large fine.  Hillary's offenses were small in comparison and the fact that the State Department did not have a good system in place for sending sensitive emails while travelling led to some of the problems.<br/>He described his encounters with President Trump as a forest fire and in great detail explained why Trump does not have the leadership qualities that are needed in his job. The section where he describes how he was fired by Trump is just an example of the lack of professionalism and possible mental illness of our current president.
 I want to say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book, and for the most part believed Mr. Comey. I do think that he is mostly honorable and genuine. Mostly. I won't lie , I'm team Hillary, and I despise the 45th president to depths I had not thought possible. That being said, I found the part of this book where Mr. Comey addressed his decision to make the statement to Congress that he was reopening the email investigation just days from the election, completely preposterous. He had to have known that this would affect the election results. He could not have been that naive.
 I truly enjoyed reading this book.  It resonates with my feelings about the current administration!  I encourage others to read it and hope they enjoy it as much as I did.
 I found the book easy to read.  I was pleased to learn the biography of Mr. Comey.  It was interesting to hear all the information about the interactions between him and President Trump in a complete narrative in his voice.  A shame someone  so dedicated to the job has been thrown out.
 James Comey’s memoir of his career in the FBI is an excellent lesson on integrity and humility.  It is also an example of the challenges of being just and fair in a political climate where these two virtues appear to have fallen out of favor.<br/><br/>Comey paints a robust portrait of his life and the decisions that led him to pursue a career in the FBI - starting with a fateful encounter with a home invader in his adolescence, to his formative years as a young attorney, to his ultimately being appointed as FBI director.  He writes about fighting illegal surveillance programs, interrogation tactics best described as torture, and ultimately leading the FBI investigation into Clinton’s emails and the investigation into Russian election interference.<br/><br/>The latter two experiences surprisingly don’t comprise most of the book, and while Comey doesn’t shy away from his critique of Trump, he avoids falling into partisan politics and instead focuses on the importance of a strong ethical and moral code. Comey is honest about when he did and didn’t speak up, both in terms of the current administration but also in his career in general. In doing so, he remains honest but also humble about the difficult decisions he has made and criticism faced (on both sides of the political aisle). However, he doesn’t lower his standards for others, either.  In what can only be described as masterful foreshadowing and juxtaposition, he relays a scene during Obama’s tenure where he is asked by Obama (in deadpan) to “keep a promise” that Mueller had guaranteed him - quickly and lightheartedly revealed to be access to the FBI gym to play basketball.  This is later contrasted to Trump requesting Comey to have dinner with him in the White House, and asking repeatedly for “loyalty”, a very different and darker kind of promise. It is the reading between the lines that paints a very rich picture of two very different methods of leadership  - only one that serves the “higher loyalty” that Comey strives for.
 Aptly, Jim Comey, is referred to as a “Boy Scout.” And there is nothing in this book that would compel a reader to see him otherwise.<br/><br/>Like the rest of us, he too had a few moral challenges along the way to maturity — like being bullied, and then turning into one himself, as he went from High School to William and Mary.<br/><br/>However, his Catholic training served him well. It left his moral instincts, if not exactly in the right place, then at least in an upright position. And despite the fact that I gave him the moral benefit of the doubt in the Hillary incident. Throughout, I had the haunting afterthought that being a part of the culture of J. Edgar Hoover’s FBI, had to have distorted his morality and elevated his sense of entitlement — even if only by a bit.<br/><br/>So, in the show-down with Trump, Comey cannot remain on the moral high ground, or in the “moral witness protection program,” just short of being a moral saint, no matter how hard he tries.<br/><br/>He knew the score going in. He certainly knew it when he presented Trump with the fait accompli of the Russian Dossier. He knew the risks and the rewards for being in the spotlight on the frontlines in a show-down with the US President — and thus must willingly pay the price.<br/><br/>He and Trump “played” each other, and Comey lost, pure and simple. That is the way the cookie crumples when someone as crude as Trump has power over you.<br/><br/>When you lose, you are required to tuck your tail, slink away, and write a book. Which is just what Comey did. Crying foul after the fact, is not only bad form but also is not very manly or honorable.<br/><br/>It seems that a pattern has been established by those who come up against “the Donald.” Invariably, they remain in denial about where Trump’s real power lies, and as a result, they have too much concern for, and involvement with, the ego-game of politics and too little concern for why the Republic elected DJT in the first place.<br/><br/>Trump knows that this denial by his enemies is where his advantage lies. He knows that he is a Molotov Cocktail throwing renegade looking out only for his empire’s bottom line — the USA be-damned.<br/><br/>He simply cares about nothing else. He thus knows that his only hold card is not remaining in denial about the fact that what got him elected is the same thing that got Jeff Sessions elected in Alabama: being racist against black people.<br/><br/>It is the only ace that Trump holds. Pull that card away and he crumbles just like his Casinos did in Atlantic City.<br/><br/>If Trump has any skill at all, it is being able to follow Steve Bannon’s simple-minded Alt-right playbook to the tee: Steve knows that racism against blacks in American culture is always incendiary and never perishable. It gets stronger each time we get closer to the next election cycle.<br/><br/>Racism against blacks has an unsubtle, stealth-like quality to it that can be cashed-in again and again at the voting booth, and turned just as quickly into pure gold — enduring political currency and power.<br/><br/>It is difficult to misplay a racist hand in the USA. For hidden in the denial held by Trump’s enemies, is the true power of demagogic racism. It is this denial that squanders the moral high ground that Trump’s enemies once held.<br/><br/>As Bannon has instructed Trump to do: “Let them call you a racist. Wear it as a badge of honor.”<br/><br/>Checkmate America! For Bannon’s twisted logic is correct but for all the wrong reasons. For, until we awake from our collective denial about how much power racism against blacks hands over to any idiot demagogue, the country will remain vulnerable to the bullying tactics of criminal minds like that of DJT. Three stars
 Comey does an excellent job walking you through all the tenuous and trying moments of his career and life. The book isn’t about trump, although he is part of the story. But it has you refocus on the importance of integrity on individual and national levels. EXCELLENT READ. I didn’t put it down until it was finished.
 "Ethical leaders know their own talent but fear their own limitations - to understand and reason, to see the world as it is and not as they wish it to be. They speak the truth and know that making wise decisions requires people to tell them the truth. And to get that truth, they create an environment of high standards and deep consideration - "love" is not too strong a word - that builds lasting bonds and make extraordinary achievement possible. It would never occur to an ethical leader to ask for loyalty."<br/><br/>"Donald Trump's presidency threatens much of what is good in this nation. We all bear responsibility for the deeply flawed choices put before voters during the 2016 election, and our country is paying a high price: this president is unethical, and untethered to truth and institutional values. His leadership is transactional, ego driven, and about personal loyalty."<br/><br/>I admit I picked up James Comey's A Higher Loyalty because I wanted the scoop on what happened with Donald Trump. I checked out this book at my local public library assuming that what I was going to read was going to be somewhat biased against Donald Trump (and, frankly, I am not sure how you could write anything in support of him at this point in time), but what I got was actually something quite different. James Comey's A Higher Loyalty is a refreshing take on what it means to be a leader, to work as a public servant in the US, and what it means, at least in Comey's world, to be ethical.<br/><br/>I walked away with a newfound appreciation of someone I wasn't quite thrilled with given the Clinton email situation. I learned that James Comey is a family man who has desired to balance his work life and home life in order to be present for his 6 children and wife. I learned that he experienced bullying as a kid, and that experience shaped how he saw the world and how he approached leadership. Comey helped build diversity curriculum into FBI staff training, including modules where all FBI employees learn about the FBI's history with Martin Luther King, Jr. He and his wife, Patrice, are also foster parents. I also learned that he is human and, at times, has been a bully, made mistakes, and has regrets. But unlike Trump, Comey seems to be aware of his personal faults and actually uses them to strengthen his character and make better decisions.<br/><br/>If you are looking for juicy details about Comey's relationship with Donald Trump, you'll find them at the end of the book. However, that is not what this book is about. It is about Comey's experiences working under Bush (W) and Obama and in the FBI. As much as you may dislike either former President, he has kind, thoughtful things to say about both of them (though he clearly enjoyed working under Obama, who "had the ability to really discuss something, leveling the field to draw out perspectives different from his own"). He provides intimate insight into the inner-workings of the White House and FBI. I found discussions of both Obama and Bush very enlightening, especially in contrast to the president who is currently in office. Comey writes:<br/><br/>"It was no surprise that President Trump behaved in a manner that was completely different from his predecessors - I couldn't imagine Barack Obama or George W. Bush asking someone to come onstage like a contestant on The Price is Right. What was distressing was what Trump symbolically seemed to be asking leaders of the law enforcement and national security agencies to do - to come forward and kiss the great man's ring. To show their deference and loyalty."<br/><br/>What did I take away from this book? As someone who is committed to continually improving my approach to teaching and leading teams (something I see as a work in progress, because I am human!), I found this book very useful. For example, he argues that good leaders don't demand loyalty from their followers and coworkers. They listen to all sides of an issue and then make an informed decision. He likens ego-driven leaders to the Italian mafia members he tried and convicted early in his career as a lawyer. He sees Trump as someone akin to the Italian mafia: as a person who only cares about himself and his personal loyalties, as someone who has never thought twice about lying. Towards this end, he writes:<br/><br/>"I see no evidence that a lie ever caused Trump pain, or that he ever recoiled from causing another person pain, which is sad and frightening. Without all those things - without kindness to leaven toughness, without a balance of confidence and humility, without empathy, and without respect for truth - there is little chance Trump can attract and keep the kind of people around him that every president needs to make wise decisions. That makes me sad for him, but it makes me worry for our country."<br/><br/>Trump, Comey notes, has absolutely no experience working with groups of people who don't answer to you, which is what government work entails. He writes:<br/><br/>"Running a private family-held company is, of course, quite different from running a nation - or even running a large public corporation. You have to deal with various constituencies who don't report to you and to live under a web of laws and regulations that don't apply to a typical CEO."<br/><br/>This book is clearly timely given that Trump is in office, and there is also some discussion of the Russia investigation. According to Comey, Trump requested several times over that he "lift the cloud" of the investigation. As Comey emphasizes throughout the book, the FBI must be independent from the Office of the President or else the FBI isn't doing its job. Comey believes Trump does not understand this basic principle because he operates under the principle of loyalty (like the mafia mentioned above) and expects the FBI to work for him, not for the citizens of the United States:<br/><br/>"The Life of Lies. The silent circle of assent. The boss in complete control. Loyalty oaths. An us-versus-them worldview. Lying about things, large and small, in service to some warped code of loyalty. These rules and standards were hallmarks of the Mafia, but throughout my career I'd be surprised how often I'd find them applied outside of it."<br/><br/>Below are some of my favorite quotes from the book, which is beautifully written. Comey made me understand who he is as a human being, what it means to truly be moral and ethical in a corrupt world, and how those of us who are working for the state or federal government can lead our society in a more positive direction. I highly recommend this book to people who are interested in leadership and/or American politics.<br/><br/>"President Obama would never have considered such a conversation if he did not have enough confidence in himself to show humility. In fact, if I saw any hint of imbalance with President Obama as a leader, it was on the confidence side of the scale."<br/><br/>"Humans tend to do the same dumb things, and the same evil things, again and again, because we forget."<br/><br/>"...in a healthy organization, doubt is not weakness, it is wisdom, because people are at their most dangerous when they are certain that their cause is just and their facts are right."<br/><br/>"Ethical leadership is also about understanding the truth about humans and our need for meaning. It is about building workplaces where standards are high and fear is low. Those are the kinds of cultures where people will feel comfortable speaking the truth to others as they seek excellence in themselves and the people around them."
 He's just a nice man with morals and we learn nothing new except that he stresses how Trump is behaving abnormally. He stresses that we must not accept this awful behavior as normal for a president. He stresses his morals a little too much for me but his heart is in the right place.
 I recently read a news article about the top bestselling books of this year. It turns out that the majority of these books have one thing in common, Donald Trump. Love him or hate him, you can't deny that the American President dominates the news like none before him. We can't seem to get enough of him. In A Higher Loyalty, one of the most anticipated books of the year, fired FBI Director James Comey reflects upon his years of public service and his encounters with President Trump that would ultimately end his career.<br/><br/>Beyond the scandal and outrage surrounding his role in the investigation of Hillary Clinton's emails and his unexpected firing, I really wasn't familiar with James Comey. Throughout the book, Comey builds a portrait of his commitment to the higher institutions of government. His early days as a lawyer saw him soon working under the New York Department of Justice. His encounters during this time served as a foundation for his views that no one is above the law. When the New York DOJ learned of Martha Stewart's insider trading, Comey was quick to push for a criminal trial.<br/><br/>As the Deputy Attorney General under President George W. Bush, Comey continued to campaign for truth and justice. Specifically, when he learned of the questionable interrogation tactics that would later be classified as torture, Comey went against the wishes of the administration to fight for better practices under the law. He would ultimately be proved to have been on the right side of history in this instance.<br/><br/>The highest profile and most controversial era of Comey's public service came during his tenure as FBI Director. He was surprised that the Democratic President Obama would hire someone who served a Republican administration, but Comey was hired for his independence from politics, not his loyalty to a specific party. The unprecedented nature of the 2016 election saw Comey face the largest challenges of his professional life. The investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server to conduct official state business was one of the biggest talking points of that race. When Comey announced that the investigation was being reopened just a few days before the vote, he did so because he believed the American people needed to know. He describes institutions like the Justice Department and FBI as holding a "reservoir of trust". By being open about the ongoing investigation, he hoped to maintain that trust.<br/><br/>There's no doubt the main draw of this book is to read Comey's perspective on his interactions with the President and his firing. Most of what is written about these moments has already been made public through Comey's statements to congress. In comparison to his interactions with the previous two administrations, Trump's attempts to pull in the FBI Director to his inner circle at the White House are very alarming. If what Comey claims is true, it seems clear that the current administration did not see a need to separate the FBI from the politics of the presidency. History will ultimately judge this situation and show if Comey's firing was truly an obstruction of justice. Having read about his life in his own words, I'm still not entirely sure what that judgement will be. There is no denying that Comey is a fascinating, if a bit problematic, figure who deserves to be heard and recognized.
 I found the Audio book to be very interesting.  James  Comey gave background and historical examples, which helped me to understand the facts.  I found his audiobook to be very insightful and the fact that he actually told the book himself was great.  I believe James Comey to be a  very truthful, loyal and decent person, and I do believe that he thinks, breathes and acts out of a need to be truthful.  Explaining that some decisions are hard whichever way you choose helps me to understand what happened and why it happened.  I do not trust most politicians.  I felt this book helped me cement that idea.  Those in power with ulterior motives that benefit self with very little thought as to how it  will benefit our country and its people.  Truth and decency gives meaning to our motives and actions.  Liars and thieves come from all sorts of walks of life including the office of POTUS.
 Where to begin. I do think Comey is being sincere. He's telling a story, if you take the political climate out of it, it's no different than anyone else who writes a book on their careers. Personally I think if you've actually read this book and come away thinking, there's a political agenda, you should try to see it differently. I think he added the material about the last election cycle because the curiosity is there --AND it will sell his book, that's all. As I read it, I was drawn in, he's an excellent writer and his story is a fascinating one.<br/><br/>You get to see the inner workings of the FBI and public prosecutors. He paints himself in a very relatable sense from his childhood to college to his family life. He starts with his childhood in a middle-class neighborhood in Yonkers, N.Y. He talks about some tragic things that happened during this time. He tells how he had a gun held to his head and his life goes before him and more as a teenager by a robber in his home. He also talks about how he went from being a medical student to a desire to bring about justice in the world because of his brushes with criminals in his New York and New Jersey neighborhoods during the 1970's. e. He talked about his jobs working under people who he saw as leaders and mentors and how he grew to the person he is now.<br/>His passion for the law and the FBI is very clear as he tells us about legal reasoning, elements of crimes, especially the Mafia, when charges will stick and when they won't. It's not a dry book, I recommend it to college students. It's grammatically correct, has a nice pace and it has thought provoking quotes and subjects too. I loved devouring this book --hope he writes more book, he's an excellent author.<br/><br/>Another takeaway for me from this book was summed up by Comey:<br/><br/>"The hypocrisy  of this particular Presidency]  is evident if you simply switch the names and imagine that a President Hillary Clinton ...OR Barack Obama  comment mine] had conducted herself in a similar fashion in office. (Yes it is that simple to understand) I’ve said this earlier but it’s worth repeating: close your eyes and imagine these same voices if President Hillary Clinton ...OR Barack Obama had told the FBI director, “I hope you will let it go,” about the investigation of a senior aide, or told casual, easily disprovable lies nearly every day and then demanded we believe them."
 Who is James Comey?  When a future history book  is written, will he be the pivotal character in American History that caused the fall of our great country? Or is his new book, “Higher Loyalty” destined for the ash heap?  I guess that will depend on if we survive, as a country.  As empires go, we still have a few more years in us before someone has to write the book about our fall. Some days it feels we are closer than others.  Maybe it will all turn out to be a bad dream.  Comey’s book, however, reminds us that it’s not a dream.  What’s happening is very real and it's very bad.  This, from the once top cop in our country.  The former Director of the FBI.<br/><br/>I wasn’t sure I wanted to read it...but I dove in, trying to make sense of our current administration and the events surrounding the election of President Trump.  It’s all there.  Step by step, page by page.  Why there was no criminal indictment of Hillary Clinton.  Why Director Comey reopened the investigation on the eve of the Presidential election and then quickly closed it.  But perhaps more important, his personal conversations with Trump, for which he took notes, and then of course his spectacular firing--perhaps the most outward, brazen, and morally bankrupt acts of a US President since Watergate.  Yet here we remain.  Trump in charge and a country divided.  It should be noted that Comey is not whining, he’s providing the facts, just the facts.  He’s letting his readers decide.<br/><br/>Just like the book, I do not want this review to be divisive. Most who support Trump will have stopped reading at “Who is James Comey?”  But that’s Ok.  This book isn’t going to change a single mind.  His book isn’t about impeaching Trump. Rather his book is a call out to all who serve in the public eye to be ethical leaders with a higher sense of loyalty. Not to a party, not to a cause, but to our Union and a belief in our Justice system.  A system that demands truth.<br/><br/>Oddly, Comey is the last person one might think to be on Hillary Clinton's side. Many in law enforcement lean to the right.  Everybody thought he leaned to the right when he opened the  the investigation into her email, and then they reversed their opinion when he failed to indict her, and then reversed their opinion again, when he reopened the investigation, only to reverse it again, when he closed it, only to sing his praises (or damn him) on the morning of Trump's election, and then, of course, only to reverse it again, when it looked like, in Trump's eyes, he was leading an investigation into Trump on Russia.  The left was neutral on that one, their necks had already been snapped off.  He wasn't opening that investigation as many thought.  Nevertheless he was fired just in case and because he wouldn't show a lick of loyalty to the Don (or Donald) in Washington (my word’s not Comey’s).  Does that sound a bit schizophrenic?  That’s what happened.  And, oh by the way, it’s not Comey with the mental illness.  Yes our Country’s  head was spinning like Linda Blair's.  And I think, that it why, the book was necessary. At least we have Comey's side of the story.  Which is helpful.  Each of us have our own story, what we thought, what we decided to do about ti.  But it’s helpful because now we know what the guy in charge was thinking, and at a minimum, why he did it.  And I can tell you from reading his book, that his side is far more rational than your side...whatever you were thinking, because he had the facts.  None of the rest of us did.  Even though the evidence was staring us in the fact.<br/><br/>So what does Comey think?  First, he thinks Donald Trump has leadership skills that parallel the crime bosses of NY.  The Mafia, The Cosa Nostra.  And he speaks from experience having prosecuted many cases of organized crime.  Trump demands loyalty, manages by transaction, and truth is irrelevant.  A modern CEO of a publicly traded company could never survive in such an organization.  Such a leader would never be elected to the job by a public Board of Directors to begin with.  Or if he was, he would be replaced fairly quickly.<br/><br/>Something happened in Russia and he lied about it.  That should come as no surprise. He doesn’t know what exactly, he also doesn’t care if there were prostitutes in his hotel room, or what that prostitutes were doing. He cares that Trump was obsessed with telling him it’s not true and that nothing happened.  That obsession is a tell tale sign of having something to hide.  And if you have something to hide,  that means someone can blackmail you, in this case Russia.  If he would come clean, he would no longer be under the risk of blackmail.  Something happened.  If nothing happened, there is nothing to obsess over.  How do you obsess over something that didn’t happen?  If someone accuses you of robbing a 7/11 and you didn’t and they never produced camera footage, because you were never there, you have nothing to anchor your obsession.  Your brain has nothing to recount, nothing to remember, nothing to say over and over again (if you’ve ever obsessed over something)  if only I hadn’t done this or that.  A man who has spent his life time investigating crime, as Comey has, knows human nature. He knows how people react in these stressful situations.  Something is not right. Something happened.<br/><br/>The next part of the book details the Linda Blair period of our history running up to the election.  No indictment for Hillary.  Why?  Because no one gets prosecuted for mishandling classified the way she did.  You get fired.  You get walked out.  But you don’t get prosecuted.  If it makes Trump supporters happy, they got their day.  Hillary was fired.  Hillary was walked out.  The case should be closed with regard to prosecution.  Why can’t they lock her up?  There still is no case.  But he reopened the investigation, days before the election.  Why?  New evidence emerged.  Emails they never had access to previously.  If you don’t open the investigation it’s a cover up.  He had to reopen the investigation.  And of course, no smoking gun.  You still can’t prosecute.  In our Country, you can sue, you can scream and cry, you can protest, but you can’t prosecute without a sufficient evidence of a crime.  We all should be thankful for that fact.  That’s the heart of our Justice system.  So Hillary never lied, but she mishandled our secrets, and the American people fired her.  Even those who didn’t like her, but supported her, over Trump, believe justice was served in this case.  Now we have to deal with the aftermath of not having alternative.  It’s bad for us, but this is the annoying situation that arises from having to tell the truth.  And a boy scout, like Comey, is going to tell the truth.  It’s not unlike when your wife asks you the question, “Does this dress make me look fat?”.  A boy scout tells the truth, Comey tells the truth, and deals with the awkward aftermath.  The rest of us choose the little white lie in order to maintain peace and tranquility.<br/><br/>The end of the book describes the four conversations Comey had with Trump leading up to his firing.  Following the first conversation Comey knew immediately he had to write things down.  Believe what you want to believe, but I believe the red flags that were going up all around him, the bizarre nature of the circumstances and the conversations that ensued, would compel any normal person to take a few notes.  Comey has convinced me he was the normal person in these conversations.  He was the adult.  He was the guy without a bias, without an ax to grind, and with everything at stake...his job, for starters.  Trump was obsessed and irrational.  As we all know, the firing of Comey and the things that Trump said in the aftermath, lead to the logical conclusion that Comey didn’t mislead, or misrepresent those conversations.  Again, however, you will have to read the book and judge for yourself.  I can tell you I’m convinced.<br/><br/>Maybe one day Comey will return to public service.  His book has convinced me, not only is his version of the story reliable and accurate that he is indeed a true public servant.  We need more like him in the service of our country.  That is what will continue to keep us great. Five stars, deduct one star because only half the country will believe him.  For the record, I do.
 Anyone who is a manager, thinking of becoming a manager or any younger person with leadership potential, should read this book. No matter what industry, leaders and managers of staff can use this as a guidebook.<br/>Balancing confidence with humility and toughness with kindness are just some of the of principles James Comey reminds us are paramount to being a good leader.<br/>I have a son who has shown leadership qualities from a young age. I've asked him, and he's agreed, to read this book.<br/>Thoughtfully written, this book reveals many facts and events but is not a "tell-all"<br/>I highly recommend it.
 Almost gave it a 1-star. It's a terribly written book, written at a 9th grade level. Sure, many of the FBI Director's experiences involve national security. And there's so much pending --- in investigation and in the courts. But there was nothing in the book that hadn't already been in the media or press. No in-depth analyses. No background. No colorful bios or histories on principals involved. In the so many useless pages (the first 10 chapters) he could painted pictures to explain why somebody might have acted a certain way. And there was no literary sense -- even for non-fiction. Tenuous justification for the unusual actions he took as Director of the FBI. The sub-title, "Truth, Lies, and Leadership" was given short, shallow shrift. I wasn't surprised to see SO many Amazon reviewers rate this a DULL book. As interested as I was and am about the underlying facts during Comey's tenure, it was a grind to read through Mr. Comey's obsequiousness and self-righteousness. It was torturous until about the last three chapters. I'm VERY glad I didn't buy it and checked it out of the library. Was a Comey-supporter until I read his book. The Ashcroft hospital bed scene was not as I'd heard it--Mr. Comey did not stand up Alberto Gonzales and Andrew Card quite so valiantly as I'd remembered. It turns out Comey already had some backup there. He'd also put a call out to get other Justice bodies over to the hospital room. He also asked the Secret Service men already there to watch him. And it was actually Gen. Ashcroft who, from his prone, pancreatitis-stricken position, sat up and told Card and Gonzales that it was Comey, and not he, who was acting as attorney general. Vanity Fair did a great piece that covered Comey and what makes him tick. It stands up much more logically than A Higher Loyalty's constant justification and equivocating. I think the lack of substance may be Comey's short history in the FBI. We'd all be better off if he wrote about his days as a prosecutor--with some grit and reality. Not to try to justify actions that really make him look like a prima donna with a flair for drama--I think THAT's what makes Jim Comey tick. That aside, I thank him for his service. And I don't "blame" him for affecting the election. Just like I don't blame Wallace, Perot, Nader for anyone's lost elections. Like Jim Hightower says, I blame the many millions of us who are registered to vote, but who don't.
 Well written, story builds almost like a novel (wish it was). I finally understand why he did what he did when he did...and I'm a Dem.
 For the open-minded and critical thinkers for sure.<br/><br/>His personal experiences, starting when he was a young boy, were impressively interesting.  Seeing a behind-the-scenes view of important people/meetings is quite interesting.  From working under Guiliani bringing down mob guys all the way to Trump's disturbing behavior,  I was pleasantly surprised by how well it was written. ( Hillary emails don't come out until about 60% into the book.)<br/><br/>There are many points I can make, but I don't want to spoil the story.  There are things said here and there, briefly, that stick out. And yes, I read the IG report.  So, I'm able to compare the two stories and analyze.
 Mr. Comey is modest and self-effacing to a tee, yet these are the flip side of a dogged law-enforcement leader.  The book is ostensibly about ethical leadership, and it does succeed is presenting both positive exemplars (Comey and his mentors, excluding Rudy Giuliani), and negative exemplars (Dick Cheney, Alberto Gonzales, DJT).  However, these categorizations of leadership are subjective, and based on the personal interactions of one James Comey, where he always defines himself in the protagonist role.  OK, the one exception where he paints himself as the bad guy is in college, where he acted out as a bully on occasion.  He later regretted it very much.<br/><br/>As a chronicler of the dramatic events that unfolded in the 2016 election, his story is not really what could be considered  objective.  Yes, he explains the FBI "traditions and values" that went into the decisions he made re the Clinton email server investigation, right up to his "we're done with the re-opening of the Clinton matter" 2 days before Nov 8th.<br/>He is convincing that his actions were 100% non-partisan, going as far as not casting a ballot personally.<br/><br/>What's missing, and still is dribbling out slowly, was what his 2nd in command Andy McCabe was up to, including Peter Strzok, Lisa Page, Christopher Steele, Coie-Perkins, James Baker, and Ohrs.  The evidence is strong that they seized on a paranoid "narrative" that Trump was somehow collaborating with the Russians to swing the election his way.  The "team" fabricated the "evidence" they needed to drive forward the narrative and secret FISA investigation, and nobody was at the switch ready to say "drop it" when assertions of collusion could not  be corroborated.  Worse yet, James Baker has told Congress in closed session that the FBI met with Coie-Perkins early on, about the C. Steele dossier.  The big elephant in the room is when someone at FBI found out that the dossier was paid-for oppo-research done by Steele with shady sourcing in Russia eager to manufacture some dirt.<br/><br/>The book does not "go there" about how FBI counter-intelligence assets became partisan.  Yet Comey was in charge<br/>the whole time these corrupt machinations were going on right under his nose.<br/><br/>I don't believe we've heard the last of Comey's story-telling about 2016.
 I'm giving Comey's book 5 stars because it's very well written, compelling, and it convinces me that the author is fundamentally honest and well meaning. I voted for Hillary and like most--if not all--of her supporters, felt betrayed and blindsided by Comey's announcement 11 days before the election that the FBI was reopening the investigation into her emails. After reading Comey's justification for his decision, I have a better understanding of why he did it, though I still disagree with his actions. To have remained silent that the FBI found more emails on Weiner's laptop is not to "conceal"--especially since he knew the stakes and he emphasizes throughout the book that the FBI is nonpartisan and should remain silent about investigations until they're complete.<br/><br/>He takes pains to explain that he did it to preserve Americans' trust in the FBI, an organization he clearly loves and served with integrity. However, what's most ironic and sad about his decision--besides of course the fact that we are now suffering from the worst and most incompetent and deplorable administration in history--is that his efforts exactly backfired. Trump and the corrupt GOP are actively working to erode all faith in our government institutions--especially the FBI and the rest of the IC--by fostering "deep state" conspiracies and blatant lies that undermine justice and the rule of law.<br/><br/>Overall, I very much enjoyed reading about Comey's different career appointments and cases and how his career progressed. I'm grateful for the sacrifices he and his family made to serve justice in this country. From his early life experiences to the day he was fired and after, he tells a convincing story about the difficulties of trying to act ethically, especially when you are a leader. I came away thankful that he served us so well.<br/><br/>I read HRC's book too (What Happened) when that came out and will go back and reread now her version of Comey's decision. I do think Comey had some bias against her based on past Clinton investigations he was involved with and Clinton actions that he disagreed with--especially Pres. Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich, which seems to have infuriated him as much as Trump's pardon of Scooter Libby now infuriates me. But he does come across as honest, and though he seems to grandstand here and there, he's always self-aware and strives to do the right thing. Plus--he praises Obama and illustrates why he was such a great leader--mainly because of his empathy, listening skills, integrity, and humility--all qualities he proves Trump lacks.<br/><br/>Though I'm an HRC supporter to the core, this book has me rooting for Team Comey against the GOP and all who would seek to destroy and smear him and the institution he so faithfully served. He's now finding out and living through what HRC has been putting up with from RWNJs for over 30 years. I'm sure that is not lost on him. He's a smart guy.
 Written from the heart. This is a man who values ethics and truth over politics. It comes out in his writing. He is an inspiration to us all, at a time when the presidency of the United States has been hijacked by a lying, selfish, ego driven con man. Thank you Jim Comey. You are a true leader. An inspiration to us all. Keep doing the good work and fighting the good fight! We need you. The country needs you.
 I found "A Higher Loyalty" to be on the whole a fair and honorable telling of Comey's career and the ultimate scenario he was forced into which had no easy choices. Granted, it's a personal apologia and readers should take that into account. But Comey is defending the FBI as much as explaining his own perspective . . . an FBI that he personally molded into his concept of an organization that should be politically nonpartisan at all times . . . equally accessible to whichever leaders were in office at the moment, but equally distanced from any entanglement with those leaders in any partisan way.<br/><br/>I kept wondering if Comey was really that much of a boy scout. After a careful, skeptical read, I am convinced that by and large he is that. Leaders must make compromises, and sometimes make bad decisions. But I see no evidence that his decisions were ever motivated by anything other than a higher loyalty to his personal and professional ideals. His retelling of events allows the reader to walk in his shoes. Some will disagree with what he did w/re to the Clinton email controversy and would have decided differently. This reader would have done what he did, under the circumstances.<br/><br/>I don't understand the comments that he was sexist in his telling. There are many examples of his admiration for certain professional women. And as a female and a Democrat/Independent, I still fail to see that he treated Clinton any more harshly than any other person he might have investigated. It had nothing to do with her sex, but everything to do with her carelessness and naivete. She still comes out miles higher, image-wise, than Trump in this book. And he's fair about Loretta Lynch as well.<br/><br/>Criticisms of his supposed "sexism" seem to be more about persisting grudges blaming him for swaying the election. I don't believe that the emails lost the election for Clinton . . . the DNC's inability to recover and cultivate their political roots, their disdain for progressives, and their ham-fisted handling of her campaign did more damage. And Clinton simply isn't charismatic enough to get her message across. Not to mention her hawkishness at a time when the country is sick of war. No matter that Trump misrepresented himself. He was persuasive to vulnerable voters. The electoral college just polished the end product.<br/><br/>I knocked one star off the book because his personal descriptions of Trump, especially Trump's appearance, were below the belt. It's obvious how ridiculous the man acts and appears, but it would have been more elevated for this account to have avoided mentioning his "orange" complexion, white eyebags, and too-long ties. The rest of the sordid story is what Trump heartily deserves . . . the Mafia Don image and behavior, the frankly pathological reactions he so often demonstrates with his inferiors . . . pretty much anyone else but Himself. The reader should be privy to that, because those are deficiencies of leadership that are so glaring that electing someone like that exposes a major flaw in our democratic system. We need to be warned, over and over, until it sinks in.<br/><br/>When Comey finally challenged the President about something, it went like this:<br/><br/> Comey] "We aren't the kind of killers that Putin is."<br/>"At that remark, Trump stopped talking altogether. In that brightly lit room, with its shiny gold curtains, a shadow seemed to cross his face. I could see something change in his eyes. A hardness, or darkness. In a blink, the eyes narrowed and his jaw tightened. He looked like someone who wasn't used to being challenged or corrected by those around him. He was the one who was supposed to be in complete control. . . . And just as quickly as the glower crossed his face, it was gone. It was if I had not spoken, and had never been born."<br/><br/>I.e., a perfect Mafia don. His method of firing Comey without telling him first gave me one more adjective for Trump: vicious.
 I so enjoyed this book. Who knew how eloquent James Comey could be in his description of not only his thoughts and actions, but those of others as well. I really didn’t expect to enjoy this book. I only expected to perhaps be surprised or enlightened or even disappointed, but not to really enjoy. James Comey is human,  with thought processes, anger, sadness, happiness, just like the rest of us. His emotions are no different than anyone else’s would’ve been in his position.  He comes forth as an honest individual who has had life experiences that most of us will never have.  It is my personal belief after reading his book, that this man has done the best that he possibly could have under such extreme circumstances. I am so glad  I made the decision to purchase this book.<br/>Well done Mr. Comey!
 This book is fairly quick read that traces Jim Comey's life and career that gives fairly equal treatment to all of his major legal accomplishments. The book naturally ends with his interactions with Trump but does not dwell on them. He seems intent on offering the reader a manuscript on what it takes to be an honorable leader and how his life lessons shaped his views on leadership.<br/><br/>James  Comey is an honest lawyer - that may sound like an oxymoron but it is fitting that he found his way into the public sector where his long-held aversion to bullies could be acted upon more effectively than as a hired legal gun. Of course, to be honest, is good; to be pious, not so much.  Comey comes close to coming across as too perfect but his honor code is leavened by an introspective and self-critical nature.<br/><br/>He notes that one of his objectives, especially in stressful times, is to help his team members find joy in their work. I feel this is an underrated element in work. People will perform better if they can laugh and enjoy the purpose in their tasks. He also notes the importance (to him) of pressing the flesh with FBI agents, whatever their role or location - another oft-overlooked quality of a strong leader.<br/><br/>Overall, I found this a worthwhile read. Undoubtedly, Comey was faced with more than one "no-win" dilemnas and his advice to go with your gut makes sense.  On a side note, I found it interesting that he believes that individual privacy concerns must yield to protecting the community but, on the other hand, protection of the community does not extend to "enhanced interrogation techniques". I understand the distinction between eavesdropping on a potentially illicit conversation and torturing an individual but there seems to be an inconsistency here.
 This was an excellent book.  I worked for the DOJ and retired nearly ten years ago.  No matter whether I agree with everything Mr. Comey did, he comes across as an honest and dedicated public servant.  It must be almost intolerable for all law enforcement to work in the Trump Administration, because of his total disregard for the truth.  In Mr. Comey's place, he would not have had to fire me, I would have resigned, no matter how man years I had left.  But this was well written and quite interesting.  Excellent.
 I’m a former journalist so I am somewhat likely to defend the media in most cases. After reading James Coomey’s book,however,  I’ve decided most of the media reviews did not do it justice.  This is much more than simply a book about Trump and a FBI Director. It’s a book about integrity and trustworthiness in our government officials.<br/>As Comey points out a president can fire an FBI Director for any cause or no cause. However the way Trump handled this firing was so cowardly and deceitful it made me ashamed that this man has been elevated to the highest office in our nation.<br/>Of course there is much more than Trump in this book. Comey does an excellent job of detailing the impossible position he was in when a new batch of Clinton emails turned up in an unrelated FBI investigation. He carefully evaluated his options and instead of kicking it up to the Justice Department took a courageous step of reopening the Clinton investigation days before the election. I was critical of Comey when he announced the action, but after reading this book I’ve got a much better understanding of the position he found himself in so close to the election.<br/>After finishing this book, I was overcome with a feeling that as a country we are losing a talented and dedicated individual. My hope is that the way he was treated will not discourage other dedicated individuals from entering public service.<br/>( if you have the opportunity, listen to the audiobook. It’s done by Comey himself and its as if he’s sitting in your living room and telling you about his life.)
 I enjoyed the James Comey book, A Higher Loyalty. I think he was, generally, a good public servant except when his politics allowed him to push the Hilary non-story and withhold FBI corroboration of a Russian operation on the 2016 election. History will rightly damn him in this I think he will absolutely have important testimony in the Russia Investigation.<br/><br/>He does have some excellent introspection on his state of mind during this time, when, as he says, all were certain of Hilary Clinton's win as based upon political polls. However, there are things that still smell VERY bad to me. Chapter 11!<br/><br/>** September/October 2016. I am not satisfied with Comey's equivocation regarding signing onto the October 31 Obama warning about Russian Election Interference - that the leaks in the press and Obama's statement, made an FBI sign-on unimportant at that point.<br/><br/>** September 26-29, 2016: paraphrased: "Someone "I can't remember who, possibly McCabe came to me with the possibility there may be more Clinton mails on Anthony Weiner's laptop via Huma Abedin."<br/><br/>They had been looking for early emails from her blackberry that might discuss the use of a private server, and until now, they had found nothing, so in my mind, yes they needed to look at them. I respect that decision absolutely.<br/><br/>My question. The 12 days - The FBI knew Huma Abedin was Weiner's wife. They had that laptop for too long and even if you believe that September 26th was the day they found the emails.. Why did they wait a FULL MONTH - 12 days before the election to make a public statement? This is not answered. Who really kept it quiet until then and suddenly made it a burning issue 12 days before the election?<br/><br/>Clearly someone engineered this for election interference, and Comey served it up while stayiong mum on the Russia/Trump connection. It is too convenient to be a coincidence. I am angry that he does not address the "sudden" discovery or the outrageous time lag. It is almost more outrageous in that, as we now know, it was never to be acted upon by the FBI, as they found no smoking guns, but left Hilary Clinton with days to address the damage done by thr FBI's statement.<br/><br/>There is more to this story than Chapter 11 of Comey's book. He tried to serve the Republican party and it is too bad. He would have left an amazing legacy. Shame on you, Comey.
 Gave me hope that some in our government, maybe many, do their jobs based on higher principles than so much of the partisan bickering we’ve seen.
 I read this book and I guess the million dollar question everyone is asking. Who is more credible.  James Comey Or Donald Trump ?<br/> I can only say in regards to both individuals.  If You want to know the mind of a man, You listen to his words. A rule, I live by.<br/>In regards to the Hilary Clinton emails.  ( Again this is only my opinion )  If doing the right thing was easy. Everyone would do it.<br/>After reading This book. I can only speak for myself.  I am a  United States Marine. Who served his country honorably during the Viet Nam era. I walked away with the impression and belief.  If James Comey,  was my Commanding Officer.  He comes across as the kind of man and leader. I,  would follow into hell if need be.<br/><br/>Semper FI.  Mr. Comey......
 Great read if you enjoy fiction. BS, BS, and more BS. Amazes me how people are so easily led and remain blind to facts.
 Poor Donald doesn't understand that this book is not about him; he is a part of the story, not the whole.  Jim Comey has given us a powerful and insightful view of how power should work.  I'm also amazed at how human --- just like me --- he is in his simple and straightforward discussion of leadership.
 Great read, Comey comes across as honest and down to earth. We need more  people like this in  government .
 I read the political genre maybe once per administration, and I've already read enough on Trump.  I downloaded this book because I suspected Comey was a good writer, based on what I've seen of his memos.  He's excellent.  And to his credit, he didn't write much more on Trump than he did on all the others he's served.  Bush.  Obama.  And by the time I was done, I recognized this book as fitting more in the business management genre than politics.  It's about ethical management and leadership.  Politics is just the setting.
 80% of this book defines how Comey was raised and the many role he took in his career that led to his nomination to run the FBI. It was also a good read into the checks and balances of our legal system. His short time served at the FBI was a number of no win events. The first 80% of the book helps you understand how he arrived at his decisions that eventually took him down.
 We all grow up hearing the phrase, "doing the right thing is not always easy". His sharing of personal struggles in what is right, what is wrong and why. Sharing of dealing with death, crime, lies, integrity was inspiring. No matter what happened with election; he did the right thing.  Whether to conceal or speak was one of those moments that you are damned if you do and damned if you don't. If the world had more caring and understanding people like Mr. Comey, how much easier life would be. Thankful that he wrote the book for all those who want to understand what happened with our government.  In the bigger scheme of life, bullies don't win.
 The Authors introduction is intensely personal and self evaluating, I read the Introduction &amp; Epilogue before beginning the rest of the book. All I needed to know about Mr Comey’s character is packed in there. This book reflects making choices, choices based upon the Law &amp; our Nations Morals. Fmr. Dir. Comey had an impossible set of choices to make. During times like these, we want leaders who choose based upon the Country’s long term good, not a Political Parties favor.<br/>Buy this book. Read it. Walk in his shoes, struggle with him. I respect him even more after reading this (&amp; I’m a registered GOP, but my party has failed to represent me.), and I wouldn’t hesitate to stand beside him in support.
 The book is well written and easy to follow. We must keep in mind that when a book is written the author may put a more positive spin on his or her conduct than deserved. I am very concerned for the future of this country and the world with our present leaders. May God help us..
 Have not read a book that was not technical in nature in years. I bought this one because of the historical events plaguing our country in recent months and believe that the only thing that can cut through the confusion is information. Although this book seems to be somewhat disjointed, the stories and relevance to our political climate makes this a hard book to put down. I highly recommend this read.
 ...every purchase of this book results in orange tears being shed on Pennsylvania Ave.<br/>Great reading from an author who understands professional responsibility, ethics and servant leadership.<br/>We're in a time when them nation could use more like him.
 “A Higher Loyalty” was a different book to the one that I expected.  It is no long winded anti Trump diatribe so much as a personal memoir of James Comey’s life.  Of course, Trump figures significantly in the latter portions of the book but not by any stretch of the imagination does Trump dominate the book.<br/><br/>The James Comey that emerges from this book is a man who truly believes in public service.  While Comey could have had higher paying jobs in the private sector given that he has a law degree from the University of Chicago, he has spent most of his life in the public sector.  He clearly believes in the constitution of the United States as the bedrock upon which the republic has been built.  Personal loyalties must defer to a higher loyalty and that loyalty must be to the constitution.<br/><br/>Despite having previously said that “A Higher Loyalty” is, essentially, a memoir, it is impossible to ignore the impact of Trump who is discussed in the last quarter of the book.  Understandably, Comey is less than impressed with the 45th President of the United States.  Comey documents the duplicity of the man and the fact that he is transactionally driven.  Everything involves a deal.  There is always a give and take agenda.  There is never any thought of a higher loyalty.<br/><br/>Comey concludes his book with a three page epilogue that, I suspect, will be studied by history student in future decades.  It is here that Comey really lets loose.<br/><br/>“This president is unethical, and untethered to truth and institutional values.  His leadership is transactional, ego driven, and about personal loyalty.”<br/><br/>Harsh, direct but correct.  Trump’s presidency will be seen as an example of massive hubris ultimately crashing before a harsher reality.  If this is not the case, the democratic fabric of US democracy will have been shredded.  In the long run, Comey’s views will, I hope, be proven correct for everyone’s sake.
 This book gives an insight into Comey the man, the experiences he has lived through both on a personal level and professional level. I do not doubt that he is an honest person, a patriot, although sometimes he has used poor judgment.
 This book will be a classic, because it is more than a chatty Washington memoir. James Comey is a man who cares about his principles, and he is a good writer, as he tells the story of a long career in public service.<br/><br/>I read half of the book on Kindle, and recommend it highly to anyone who cares about competent and conscientious public service - as well as those who care about effective leadership: Comey's intended audience.<br/><br/>Inevitably, themes related to Comey's politically motivated firing are threads in the earlier stories, but they are not obtrusive. He asserts his concern for truth strongly, and a scientist such as I sympathize fully, while I realize that truth in politics is far more elusive than in the social sciences, where it is harder to find than in the hard sciences, and fully realized only in mathematics.<br/><br/>I like Chapter 6 well enough to consider filming it - and so much of the book is cinematic that it is sure to spawn at least one film.<br/>One of the treasures of this Chapter, about domestic surveillance authorization under George W Bush, is the interesting conflict between Dick Cheney's very aggressive partisans, and Comey's strict legal team led by Jack Goldsmith.<br/><br/>But don't take my word for it - read Comey's well chosen words.
 Well, you can't argue with the facts. I like the audible version, and Comey does his own narration. I found his voice quite calming and very clear. The high level of integrity and honesty is refreshing. I can't help but feel for his struggles in his role as FBI Director, and the difficult decisions that he had to make - the epitome of being between a rock and a hard place! Put yourself in his shoes for a moment, and go on a factual journey with this true American Patriot. It's so much, much, much more than about Trump, tanning goggles, and prostitutes in Russia. Irrespective of your political views, I urge you to read this book and decide for yourself whether or not this man deserved to be fired. Don't just listen to the opinions of the major news channels.
 A book about dedication to the law, truth, and integrity.  Mr. Comey gives the reader a glimpse into his life, his career, and the final days of his tenure at the FBI.
 Great book! I admire your honesty and integrity. I hope you make lots of money as 45 mentioned. You deserve to be blessed with good luck after great injustice. Do not loose faith the higher power will set the record straight.
 I usually avoid books written after someone has had an embittering experience. Too many sour grapes leave not only a bad taste in my mouth, but also force me to question and doubt each of the writer's assertions. For this book, I made an exception. Partly, as a lifelong liberal Democrat, I wanted to see how Comey justified reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. Though I continue to have questions, Comey's overall voice and ethos satisfied me that he believed himself to be doing the right thing at that time.<br/><br/>I hope the optimism with which Comey ends the book will be justified.
 This book is a great "inside view" of our nations top law enforcement agencies and inner workings of our government's executive branch.  His recount of personal dealings with the current POTUS superbly illustrate the temperament and mentality that we've all since become familiar with.  If this was fiction, it would be unbelievable that the people of the US would elect such a corrupt clown.<br/>Comey was indeed between a rock and hard place right before the election, and he did make the right decision based on information he had at the time.  It's a shame that some of the American population chose to make that a more important issue than the many obvious shortcomings of Trump.
 I still have a hard time forgiving the author for his oddly-timed interventions in the 2016 election.  He claims that he acted to avoid a Clinton victory that might have been followed immediately with questions about its legitimacy.  Nobody can know what he was thinking at the time, so I’ve reconciled myself to accepting that claim even as I abhor the results of his actions.<br/><br/>I have some complaints about the book, and others have noted the long lead-up to the events of the past few years.  His childhood memories include those of a traumatic incident in his home, but even he expresses some doubts that they led to his choice to pursue a career in law enforcement.  However, the account of his time working as a grocery clerk did include interesting lessons in leadership style and practice, so I thought that was fully in keeping with the stated aim of the book.  However, I see no particular reason for his preoccupation with peoples’ appearances.<br/><br/>Along the way the author recounts attempts by Bush administration officials to circumvent the law and intrude on citizens’ privacy (even if Bush himself ultimately signed off on an agreement that was deemed legal by the DoJ), Obama’s clear recognition that the FBI Director and president must keep a firewall to protect the independence of the FBI, the current President’s view that the FBI is around to do his bidding, and the childish and petty way in which Comey was informed about his termination.  The contrasts are striking and not a little bit scary.<br/><br/>So I’ll concede that Comey’s pre-election actions leave me disappointed and frustrated, his motives may nonetheless have been legitimate, and that the book has some things that could have been omitted.  But I am convinced that he is a well-meaning public servant who was fired without cause and that he has performed an admirable service to the nation by writing this book about leadership, the importance of loyalty to a nation and not necessarily to an individual, and today’s incompetent and morally bankrupt administration.
 While it is hard to separate James Comey from his role in the 2016 Presidential Election and his subsequent firing by President Trump that is ultimately the task that I as a reviewer will try to undertake. Truth, Lies, and Leadership is so much beyond the question of President Trump and the Russians anyway. Comey reads like a man with a gigantic larger than life personality. His excitement at having captures the big mobster or the frank reverence and respect for the grocery store man he worked for as a teen leaps from the page or phone in this case. It just makes the hours of the book fly by.<br/><br/>Comey takes the reader through his career as a prosecutor, deputy Attorney General, and head of the FBI. Along the way, through his memories, he articulates the leadership qualities he admires in those he worked with while being very clear about those he doesn’t. Comey is going to be a lightning rod no matter what, but I think he gets a lot of the essential ideas of solid leadership right (whether he practiced them is a topic for another day.) I also share his concern about the truth in an era where tweets represent policy and so many facts come from memes.<br/><br/>Read the book and make up your own mind.
 I read the Kindle edition that I borrowed from my local library network.<br/>I thought this was a great book. It really pulls you along.<br/>For someone who is not a professional writer, Comey has done a great job telling the story of his life.<br/>And that is what it is: at least the first 2/3 of the book is his description of how he came to be the person he is. Essentially an autobiography of his life to date. Only at the end of the book does his life intersect with that of Donald Trump.<br/>I see some short reviews that say something like "full of lies" but most of the discussion of Trump is Comey's impression of him, which is what it is.<br/>There are a handful of direct quotes of what Comey says Trump said in private, but none of it is surprising given what Trump has said publicly.<br/>In any case, wherever your inclination is toward either party, I highly recommend reading this.
 so far it's an easy read. pretty interesting.
 As a committed Democrat I will never forgive Comey for what he did to  Hillary Clinton eleven days before the election. That said, I have no hesitation in recommending this book.  Comey has a fascinating story to tell, and he tells it very well indeed. Only in the section dealing with the FBI investigation of the Clinton emails does his prose bog down.  It’s as if he is trying desperately  to persuade himself that he did only what he duty required, but he didn’t convince me, and I wonder if, deep down, he has convinced himself.  Having disposed of that issue he is back to the races, with insightful anecdotes of his interactions with the president  he calls “deeply flawed.”  I had forgotten the exact details of his firing, and they are indeed shocking. What a scandalous way to treat anyone, let alone a senior member of the Govenment.<br/>  Comey has routinely supported Republican establishment politicians, but it is clear that he is a thoughtful and decent man, who, other than caving to Republican pressure to magnify the issue of the emails way beyond what was reasonable (he doesn’t mention the fact that Condalezza Rice also used a private email server when she was Secretary of State) was capable, competent,  and dedicated to public service. His life story, his insightful comments on the Presidents he served and the processes of government are engrossing.  Do read his book -it has something to interest everyone interested in our government and the people who work in it.
 Comey’s book reflects concerns that many of us have in this new political climate we are experiencing. A well written and necessary read.
 A Higher Loyalty to What?<br/><br/>Comey tries to make the reader believe that he is above all else honest and non- partisan, but his actions throughout this book prove the opposite - his explanation about reopening the case on Hillary Clinton's email boondoggle right before the election seems reasonable - until he has no explanation why the investigation was stopped when they discovered classified emails on a laptop owned by someone without clearance to have them - that is a violation for which anyone else would have been charged. Seems that he was trying to give Hillary a pass.<br/><br/>However, he goes over the same information about his conversation with President Trump several times to make it appear that Trump was definitely trying to obstruct justice, when in fact he had already admitted that he didn't know the man well enough to judge his statements.  If he wanted to stay non-partisan he should have told the President he could not have private meetings with him - even when it had to do with Russian prostitutes.<br/><br/>So much of this book was about Comey's own ego and congratulating himself for his truth and righteousness.
 I am less impressed with Mr. Comey's book than my fellow Amazon reviewers. First, the writing isn't very good. Much of it seems dictated rather than written. He starts topics but changes the subject before he finishes what he has started. The book is pretty self-serving as well. We learn that he was involved in the Whitewater investigation of the Clintons. He was upset that Clinton did not meet with him when he was appointed Director of the FBI. In short, he is not a Clinton fan, just like me! But I didn't violate longstanding FBI practices and comment on the behavior of a subject of an FBI investigation. There would be no case against Clinton, but Comey felt he couldn't let it go without chastising her. That is not his role. He violated the rule again when he announced he was reopening the Clinton investigation. All the while, he reveals, he knew that only one person had ever been charged with violating the law that Clinton might have violated, and that was a misdemeanor charge and no conviction was obtained. Millions of dollars and much hard labor went into investigating Clinton. It was a waste of taxpayer money. Comey used it to turn the electorate against Clinton. He and his deputy, Andrew McCabe, are Republicans. Comey may deny it, but he got the Republicans the presidency, and now he's upset that his reward is to lose his job. Let him go and profit from all of this. That's the American Way.
 While I think Mr. Comey made a judgment mistake in his handling of the Clinton email investigation, his book is nonetheless a well-written, and I believe, a very honest account of his life to this point.  I particularly agree with his belief that truth - real, objective truth - should be expected from our leaders in all walks of like, but especially from our leaders in government.  Sadly, that is not what we are getting these days.
 Very well written
 Thank you, Director Comey, for writing this book so our fellow Americans have an understanding of some of the erratic administrative decisions coming from the Executive Branch.  I had my own experience in the government working for a gun-carrying narcissistic sociopath who tried to destroy many.  Unfortunately, people were afraid of him because of his close familial relation to a very high government official, and it worked in his favor.  Another "life isn't fair" lesson, but I left with my life.  I'm sorry for your losses, and for the loss of many outstanding leaders who will no longer choose government as a career.  I hope your story might persuade them otherwise.  You have been very brave in bearing the burdens of leadership you have encountered.  Thank you, and may God grant you every grace to continue in a life of service and love of your family and others.  Pray.
 I have read half of this and find it enlightening! So far no mention of Trump. Why are the reviewers not writing of the entire history of this upstanding public servant?
 I’m struck by how the majority of it has nothing to do with the current president, which, given Comey’s lengthy career, is probably as it should be. Of course, this is his forum, but he does come across as a good man struggling to make the right decisions, the Martha Stewart prosecution being a case in point. There are valuable insights here on management and leadership, but he could have benefited from some stronger editing.
 From the perspective of ethical leadership, this book accomplished its goal, reviewing many of Comey's experiences both in and outside of the FBI. Though not a memoir, the majority of the book centers on Comey's life experiences and leaders he worked with or under throughout his career and what he gained from these experiences. I found his writing to be even-handed, offering positive observations and criticisms on both Democratic and Republican leaders and what he took away from both. Throughout, the reader can feel Comey wreste with decisions he's made, but he speaks with principle and conviction about the decisions. People on either side of the aisle may not agree with his decisions at the end of this book, but I found that it presented an insight into the man who was caught between a rock and a hard place and had to bear the public brunt of the decisions. Specific to the Clinton and Trump situations (which do not comprise the vast majority of the book), the FBI comes across as focused on blind-folded justice. Our higher loyalty should be to truth, justice, and values, and I'm glad I read this book.
 Having worked for Jim twice and worked in the Obama White House, I found this to be the most interesting and believable book I have read in years. Thank you Mr. Comey. #Comey2020 or #JohnsonHanks2020
 Best book
 Words such as these have never been more needed.  We live in a time “like we have never seen.”  Let us hope that these years cause us to all wake up to the importance of truth, integrity, and leadership.  Thank you Director Comey.
 This is a fascinating look at what really goes on in the United States White House. I have the utmost respect for Comey after reading this book. He is a true patriot, loyal, and a courageous man in serving this country. Not only that, he has proven to be a fantastic family man. This novel takes us back from the days in Comey's career when he worked for Giuliaini, in the Southern District of NY, through the many roles he played in the WH. Ultimately putting him in the highest position as the FBI Director. He explains his removal from the FBI by our now standing president. This is an example of a man who is completely loyal to his country and has the integrity to do the right thing every time. It's a shame he was removed from his position as the FBI Director, by this paranoid and malicious president.<br/>I recommend this book to be read by anyone who is still a little foggy on what is really going on in the United States Administration. I think this autobiography will be studied years to come by Universities to help chronicle a failed experiment, which was the Trump presidency.
 This is not a book about trump  It is a well told story of a public servant and lawyer. Personally I believe he is a strong ethical leader, some of his decisions are questionable but he ownes them in this book.
 I bought this to get an inside look into the Trump presidency, and ended out enjoying the whole arc of Comey's career, leading to his top position in the FBI. I enjoyed the inside look into The George W Bush White House, and the Obama administration, too. I liked learning a lot more about so many people I had read about in the news over the past twenty years. There was a lot on the torture issue from the post 911 era. That was fascinating. Comey came across as an honest and thoughtful career civil servant, committed to do his part in law enforcement. His portrayal of Trump and the administration was disturbing. This book was interesting from start to end, but fell short of a 5 start book for a couple reasons. This book was informative, but was not as moving as the deeply personal memoirs that earn 5 stars from me. Comey makes many legitimate criticisms of Trump, but there were a couple unnecessary low blows (like brief references to his overlong tie, his hair, and the size of his hands). Having read criticism of those comments, I support that criticism, but in a full length book, there were maybe five sentences that should not have been made. Pretty minor. Overall, this was interesting, informative, and an important perspective on leadership and separation of power in our government.
 I came to this book with an open mind, although I have heard Mr. Comey speak before, followed the 2016 election as it happened and questioned some of his decisions. While I still question them, his options were very limited and the Democratic candidate had multiple self inflicted wounds.  Comey is an honest man. Period.
 Fantastic book.Written from a well respected FBI Head..Truth is truth and the critical information is there.I received the book and read it in 2 days...highly recommended it.
 Awesome!!
 This is an excellent, easy to read accounting of Jim Comey’s  life and how his values were instilled into him.  I hope that all of the people of the FBI  feel like Mr. Comey and defend the US  and our democracy as we deserve.
 It started out slow for me but I see now how it was setting up the theme of the book. He comes across as trustworthy, a flawed human as we all are, but trustworthy. I believe him.
 This has been enlightening for me. I have always thought Donald Trump was a liar and deceitful. I hope and know you will persevere. Thank you for helping me see what I knew was happening and God bless.
 Comey discusses in depth his philosophy on leadership, as well as honesty, character, and management. Told against the backdrop of notorious political 'matters' and investigations, he examines the nature of intelligence and judgment. He is observant and thoughtful as he explores his own experiences and how he developed his own sense of right, wrong, and character.<br/><br/>He also joins many other voices in raising the alarm about the current President Trump and the danger he threatens to democracy in general and our country specifically. But this book isn't a Trump hit piece. I think it will stand the test of time and become a must read for students of business administration as well as political science.
 sucks
 I started this book with some reservations, not quite sure who to believe in the "war of words" being played out in the media concerning James Comey's departure. At one point or another, each side seemed fairly lucid, presenting their point of view in a clear and concise manner - okay, that was James Comey more often than not, Trump did seem to fall into an abyss filled rant comprised of tweets, tweets and more tweets.<br/><br/>I admit I was pleasantly surprised by how atypical this autobiography was; unusually dry, factual material is seldom presented in such an interesting and entertaining format. Mr. Comey took the reader through the important, defining moments in his life leading up to, and including the one that preceded his penning this book. He explained the motivations for most of his actions, and if not able to provide that he offered some clarity behind his thoughts. He was brutally honest, even to the point of self-deprecation. As a reader, I applaud this honesty, as a citizen I appreciate it even more.
 Loved this book. I have a great amount of respect for former FBI Director, James Comey. I would highly recommend that everyone read this book! What an "eye-opener".
 In reading  ‘A Higher Loyalty’, I quickly realized the type of person that is James Comey. He is driven by facts and reality. He often describes situations that one could easily mis-interpret, but he quickly defines what is reality, and cuts out the assumptions.<br/><br/>This book is not a tell all book used to discredit anyone. It is a factual account of several periods in Mr. Comey’s life. Some are extremely emotional, others quite scary. In providing a bit of family history James does a excellent job of taking the reader along with him, to learn a bit about how he ticks. What is it that makes James Comey who he is. He has a amazing ability to recall important events in vivid detail.<br/><br/>James describes several very interesting cases which he has been involved. Throughout the book, to the last page, I read amazed at what James saw, heard and experienced. His explanations, in vivid detail, force the reader to experience, along with James, some very difficult and challenging situations.<br/><br/>A stunning, and occasionally aggregating view into American legal system and politics. If you are interested in how we got where we are today, this is a must read.
 Like many Americans, I believed that James Comey's decision to reopen the Clinton email investigation--which he publicly announced less than two weeks before the 2016 presidential election--tipped the scales in Donald Trump's favor. This book hasn't necessarily changed my belief, but it made me understand why Director Comey decided to "speak" instead of "conceal." It was an agonizing decision, and certainly one he did not take lightly. At the time, however, he believed--like most of us--that Hillary Clinton would win the election, little imagining that his decision to speak would change the course of our nation's history.<br/><br/>This book is a riveting account of Comey's career as a U.S. attorney, U.S. deputy attorney general, and FBI director. It portrays a man who places great value in truth, integrity, respect, tolerance and humility--the qualities necessary for leadership. His interactions with Donald Trump--and the painful result--leave the reader in no doubt as to which man possesses leadership qualities. I know one thing: if James Comey ever decides to run for president, he'll get my vote.
 I feel the author was humble and truthful in his recall of events that I also followed very carefully during this very difficult time for our nation. I would hope all Americans would consider reading this account of what happened and the behavior of the occupant in the White House. I will stay positive that this too shall pass.
 This isn’t a great literary work and I’m still extremely upset by Comey’s apparent last minute meddling in the 2016 election, but he clearly lays out his rationale and I understand.  Comey is a stereotyped Boy Scout to a fault, and perhaps should have been more politically savvy.  Then again, it’s admirable to some degree that he wasn’t.<br/><br/>His eyes were clearly opened to Trump’s corruption and evil soon after he took office.  After a troubling encounter that left him shaken, Comey says, “I had never seen anything like it in the Oval Office.  As I found myself thrust into the Trump orbit, I once again was having flashbacks to my earlier career as a prosecutor against the Mob.  The silent circle of assent.  The boss in complete control.  The loyalty oaths.  The us-versus-them worldview.  The lying about all things, large and small, in service to some code of loyalty that put the organization above morality and above the truth.”<br/><br/>The US is consumed by a malignant cancer that will, hopefully, be excised in the near future.  But, healing will be long, hard, and painful.
 This book pieces together critical information in a way that allowed me to finally understand what was going on during the events he describes. Even if one disagrees with Comey's explanations and interpretations of the described events, his story is told in a way that Americans of all sorts can understand.<br/><br/>Since the book is autobiographical, it was no surprise to me that Comey talks about himself. What surprised me was finding that as a criticism in other reviews. His descriptions of how he was thinking and feeling is the main reason I bought the book. Comey strikes me as confident and humble. I would be happy to work with or for this guy.<br/><br/>As Mr. Comey did in his book, I feel the need to disclose a few things that may bias my comments. As Comey experienced, I also had a gun held to my head in a home robbery. So, he got my sympathy immediately. I worked at a law firm for a couple of years. His descriptions of lawyers and law firms rang true to me. So, I believe him when he talks about matters of law. I grew up in Wisconsin, so I was pleased to learn that his cherished mentor was an attorney in Madison, Wisconsin. Hence, I believe him and agree with him.<br/><br/>Even if you disagree with him or disbelieve him, it would be hard not to give him credit for taking big chances with his career to try to do the right thing.<br/><br/>I suspect that as with most high profile individuals, there are movie rights being discussed. I hope so and that a deal is made with a production company that does justice to his story. I look forward to seeing it.<br/><br/>Thank you Mr. Comey for writing a book that provides a clear lens through which to view a confusing and scary time in American politics.
 Nothing more to add to what other reviewers have already stated. It's a very interesting read!
 James Comey has written an extremely detailed yet enthralling narration of his life in DC and the national politics sorrounding the justice dept and the FBI. Must read
 Very insightful.
 I wasn’t sure if I would like this book or not.  I have mixed feelings about some of the choices Mr. Comey made during his time as FBI director.  But this book was actually very well written.  And the biggest impression it made on me - it sounded like the truth.  Whatever I think of James Comey’s decisions, I now believe he is a man with integrity.  He is intelligent, he tried to do the right thing, and he is telling the truth.  My only hope now is that the truth really does still matter, and that anyone in power who is telling lies will face the consequences of those lies.
 Unbelievable piece of literature.  I have found I cannot put it down. I have been furious with Comey at times but after reading, our nation owes him a huge debt of gratitude.  I am now ordering copies for family and friends.
 I wasn't sure what to expect with this book due to the news, but what I got was so amazing. James Comey's words are inspiring. He is not only brilliant, but also, clearly, an educator. This is the best book I have read in a long time.<br/><br/>Comey is an amazing judge of character and a very observant man. So you get to learn about 3 different Presidents in a new way. You learn about Comey's life, which has been full and includes some very difficult times. You learn how he figured out who he was and who he wanted to be - something many adults don't figure out for too long.<br/><br/>You will learn about some of the biggest legal stories in the last 30 years including Martha Stewart’s conviction, Scooter Libby, the Clinton emails, and so much more in full detail. You will learn about the Department of Justice and the FBI (how they work together and yet separately), a lot on protocol (and why that matters), and most importantly, about leading with dignity - no matter what your job role or position is. You also get to see what his experiences with being bullied taught him about life, bullies, and those that support the behavior.<br/><br/>I can’t think of another time when I have so thoroughly enjoyed a book while being inspired at the same time. Eye-opening is an understatement. It is one of those books that I want to buy and send to everyone in my family, because everyone will learn something in it.
 I wonder if Mr. Comey intended to write this book about his broad experiences prior to being fired by President Trump? Nonetheless, despite the media hype at the time of this book's release, this book is not about Trump; it is about so much more. I had no idea Mr. Comey was involved in some of our nation's most memorable legal issues at the executive level of the last few decades, from torture memos, to smartphone encryption in the domestic war against terror, to insider trading prosecutions. This is a great book and Mr. Comey comes across as honest, sincere, genuine, reasonable, and likable. He is a man of integrity and I have no reason to doubt his side of the story, on every story, from the beginning of this book to the end.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book more than I thought I would and am grateful for the service in our federal government by men like Mr. Comey. The only part of his life story I would be interested in learning more about was his experience and role while at Bridgewater Associates, the world's largest hedge fund. But maybe that can be the topic of his next book . . . .
 After all of the news coverage of this book I was pleasantly surprised to find that it contained very little about Trump.  I read it in an afternoon and found many of the stories compelling, particularly those about the Bush/Cheney era. It provided an insight into the decisions and conversations about what was clearly a troubling time in our history.  I understood better why the events of the last election unfolded the way that they did. I even enjoyed Comey's vision of the leadership for the FBI and the stories of interacting with the individuals in the organization - including those they did not recognize him.  All-in-all, a really good read.
 Having served in the US Navy for 20 years,  I recognized leadership,  honor,  and loyalty to country above party lines or any institutions.  Although I was very upset about his announcement of re-opening Hillary Clinton's emails investigation right before the election,  I recognized that I have found new respect and admiration for James Comey.  Outstanding book
 I feel uplifted after reading this book. We will survive the era of Trump and hope that the voters of this great country now understand that  we are stronger than the con man that was haphazardly elected
 This was very well written! I read it in two days, and I'm a busy mom with a full-time job! I couldn't put it down. Buy it!
 The story of the famously fired FBI Director begins as a teenager when he and his brother are held at gunpoint by a notorious thief and rapist in his Allendale, New Jersey home. Comey is bullied in school, learns the values of hard work and honesty working in a grocery store, considers divinity school, and begins the long climb as a public prosecutor, working briefly with Rudolph Giuliani in New York. It's basically the story of a straight arrow, and if Trumpites think Trump's smearing of Comey, "A slimeball," is going to undercut Comey's integrity if he becomes a key witness in a criminal trial against Trump, they are dreaming. Comey admits that he probably should have looked at Congressman Weiner's emails earlier in the summer, when he first learned of them, instead of a week before the election, which most likely cost Secretary Clinton the presidency, as she went down 11 points in the polls during the time her emails dominated the news.<br/><br/> Hansen Alexander's latest book is ONE BRAVE MAN, an Amazon exclusive]
 How refreshing to hear from an intelligent, articulate government worker, so unlike the inept and ignorant trump. Mr. Comey quite obviously went easy on trump, showing respect for the office. The very public antics of trump should warrant a much harsher assessment of the man, but Mr. Comey showed great restraint. I enjoyed his detailed and understandable thought processes in determining his handling of the different situations that arose. He is a thoughtful, honorable man, and I appreciate his service and his explanations of the ludicrous actions of trump in their personal encounters. He is right that we should be very concerned for the future of our country.
 Outstanding, well spoken, enlightening and enjoyed every minute.<br/>I want Comey to run for president,  but I'm thinking he's too smart for that.
 I have such great respect for James Comey. Thank you for this book.
 This quite a good book which was more about James Comey than Trump or Hillary or any of the other nonsense we hear on the news. He is very candid and does not sugar coat his shortcomings. I believe he thought he was right in doing the things he had dome as FBI director, and was put in a very difficult spot with one of the 2 major candidates for president the focus of an FBI investigation. I believe we get quite a bit of insight, and hear Comey's sides of the issues because both Democrats and Republicans have bashed him relentlessly. I was skeptical when I began reading this book because of all the negative press. but learned  a lot about this man who is complex to say the least. I have a better appreciation of him and his service to the country. He is human just like the rest of us. I would recommend this to anyone who has an open mind about politics. Don't read it if you have preconceived notions from political spins.
 Enjoyed Comey book, informative about the FBI and how it works. Have every confidence in them. Comey , in my opinion, was an honest man treated very badly of the president. Beleive what he wrote.
 Proof is right here.
 When I first heard this author speak, I was impressed with his knowledge and his communication skills.  Now I see that he is also very talented with his writing skills.<br/>  The author explained why he did the things he did.  He did not take the easy way out.  Instead he weighed the consequences on the FBI, the Justice Department, and the American people.<br/>  He gave credit to two former employers for what they taught him about being a manager.  He also gave credit to his mother, his wife, his daughters, and all the people he worked with in the FBI.  He told how past experiences had helped him to understand people and empathize with them and be considerate of what is going on in the private lives of others.<br/>  I am glad I read this book and wish we had many more federal employees like James Comey.  We may wish things had turned out differently, but I believe he made the best decisions he could make with the information he had at the time.  Things may still turn out for the best, and I pray that they will.
 As I read “A Higher Loyalty,” I repeatedly thought back to “Fire and Fury.” Both books are highly critical of Trump and his presidency, but the impact they had on me was not at all the same. Reading Wolff/Bannon left me feeling deeply discouraged by the current political and cultural reality of our country. It appears we've all been reduced to a sleazy Hollywood reality show.<br/><br/>Comey also describes plenty of disturbing scenes, but relies minimally on third-hand reports and primarily his own interactions with Trump. Critics can argue that Comey’s telling is only his side of the story, but he comes away looking like a highly ethical man and Trump like a man “untethered to truth.” What impressed me most was how hopeful I felt after reading the book. Comey writes and inspires like the leader he has been for decades.  He gives reason—many reasons, actually—to believe that our country and our democracy will survive Trump and perhaps eventually emerge even stronger.
 Am very interested in politics and this was perfect addition to my library. Information was enlightening and informative even if at times depressing.
 Comey is all over the media. However, unless one reads the book from start to finish one will miss the strength of Comey's character,  his deep sense of patriotism and his commitment to the rule of law. Yes, His decision about July 5th press conference about Clinton email shows arrogance and showiness but he gets there with a lot of agony and soul searching. Under the circumstances he should be given a little leeway about some arrogance. Overall, this is simply a great book. Bravo!!!
 James Comey is perhaps one of the best known and least known men in American public affairs.  Well known because as FBI Director he was embroiled in an extremely contentious and controversial Presidential campaign, unknown because he is an essentially private man.  Contrary to the publicity A Higher Loyalty received in the days before it was published, it is far more than an anti-Trump screed. It is a memoir of a man of strong principles thrust among amoral politicians.<br/><br/>James Comey's career arc to law enforcement began in his teen years when he and his family nearly became victims of a notorious serial criminal. Other than that, he seems to have led an unexceptional childhood and youth during which he was sometimes bullied and sometimes a bully.  In college he encountered the writings of Reinhold Niebuhr which left an enduring impression, earned a law degree, and eventually made a happy marriage.  He was involved in state and federal prosecutions of Mafia families and became very familiar with their culture.  Although he was often hard pressed financially, he chose to forego private practice for the less lucrative but more public-spirited public service, becoming an Assistant Attorney General in the George W. Bush Administration and then, in 2013, being appointed FBI Director by Barack Obama.  He played a key role in defining the Bush Justice Department's eventual stance on torture, much to the displeasure of some of the Administration's leading figures.  As FBI Director it fell to him to deal with the controvery over Hillary Clinton's emails, and then to attempt to work with a new President while maintaining his own,as well as the Bureau's, independence.  As is well known, this ultimately led to his clumsy and graceless firing.<br/><br/>Throughout this book of less than 300 pages Comey writes clearly and from the heart.  It's clear that he has a strongly developed moral conscience, leading him to confess his shame over having bullied a college classmate, for example.  He gives his honest opinions of the men and women with whom he worked over the years, including well known figures like Rudy Giuliani and, most importantly, of the three Presidents with whom he worked.  Some have tried to paint this book as an anti-Trump screed, but I didn't find it to be so.  It's obvious that Comey has little regard for the present occupant of the Oval Office, but that is to be expected from anyone with a shred of integrity.  Nevertheless Comey chooses his words carefully, stating what he saw and what he learned about the activities of Trump and his associates before and after the 2016 election but leaving it to his readers (as well as his former associate Robert Mueller) to draw their own conclusions.<br/><br/>This is a strange and perilous time in United States' history, and it is incumbent on  Comey and others like him to make permanent records.  It is to be hoped that he and the rest of those who have spoken out about the present state of affairs will continue to do so, and that at some point in the future they will once again be able to serve our nation with honor.
 An interesting overview of a career spent in the highest echelons of law enforcement, filled with inspiring and insightful examples of leadership.  Despite the juicy content surrounding Comey's interactions with the current Executive Branch this is a really good book for anyone entering into, or looking to learn more about ethical management and leadership.  A relatively short book; I blew through it in a few days.
 the title says it all. if you are wanting to read the book because you want to know more gossip or drama, more juicy details, this is not that book. this book is the telling of one man in pursuit of a higher loyalty. he cannot be loyal to one party over the other. in reading the negative comments on this book, i was struck by those who wanted the book to be about something else. and yes, that's something we all suffer from, expectations. go into reading this book with the title in mind. when i read the book i was curious why some from each side of the divide came away from the book bitter about comey, but myself? i came away from the book proud of how well he handled the struggle. the book is well written, engaging, and provides enough background for the reader to understand what shapes a man who lives by a higher loyalty, of which our nation is in short supply. since reading this book i have lent the book to three other readers, all three feeling the same way about this book.
 The book jacket was greasy with a piece of what appeared to be bacon stuck to it
 I have found Comey's book outstanding.I'm going to buy a copy,for my 3 children and grandson who is graduating. This is a book that clearly states a man's personal conflict and integrity by being honest. Please read and see his integrity throughout his years in law and FBI.
 I bought this book new, of course. It arrived in excellent condition today.  I've read some reviews of the book already, so I'm expecting it to be an interesting read.  Because I am NOT a Trump supporter, I'm inclined to take James Comey's side on the issues he raises.  I'm a moderate, however, so I won't be surprised if his book raises some questions.  It's very apparent that he is quite angry over the way he has been mistreated by Trump, and that is quite understandable.  In any case, the book arrived very timely.  I'm looking forward to reading it.
 A great read.  Very well written.  Lots of insight and honesty.
 I waste of those Hillary supporters that believed that Comey had not behaved ethically. His book is clearly written thoughts and events follow and document actual and believable facts since his youth to his time as FBI director.  He provides criticism of republican and democrats evenly. His explanation of why he handled the Hillary email crisis as he did demonstrates his high degree of commitment to justice and the truth.  He is a loyal American, and an honest public servant. I retired from public service, and I know how much one worries doing anything that may be perceived as inappropriate resulting in an embarrassment of the agency you work for.  Any good public servant  would never do anything that would result in the public loosing faith in that agency. It just is not done. Comey you did good. History will document your integrity, and adherence to the defense of our constitution that we swore to protect from enemies foreign and domestic
 Definitely one of the best books that I have read by or about a Government Official since the last election. Comey has a easy way of writing that is more conversational than instructional and let's the reader (with an open mind) form their own opinions.This book reinforces brilliantly what an honorable man he is and why working for our Government at the highest level takes both emotional and physical tolls on those who choose a life of service to country.<br/>The reviews of this book also point out how truly divided we are as country. I have been both an admirer and a detrator of Comey. After reading this book and understanding his decisions from his explained point of view, I fully support him and wish him well. I thank him for his service and will forever be grateful for his efforts.
 A book worth reading not only by Americans to understand the importance of values.
 A Higher Loyalty is well-written, in language that is highly readable and clear.  Comey writes well, and details his long career of government service., including key moments when his personal integrity demanded that he step up and intervene in policies with which he disagreed.  There are moments of humor and insight into his own self-perceptions.  I enjoyed this book.  It will be an important book for American historians.  However, I came away from it convinced that Comey has a blind spot about how interventions by the FBI during 2016 ultimately helped Trump and hurt Clinton.  His fear of a leak that the re-opening of the Hillary Clinton email investigation in late October 2016 would undercut the FBI's credibility prevents him from seeing how his actions made many voters decide to gamble on Trump.  He cannot admit that to himself, but it's clearly how the election was impacted by his behavior.  It's important for the American people to understand what kind of man sits in the Oval office, (and how much like a mafia don he behaves) but if not for Comey, Hillary would have succeeded.  It's a fact that cannot be reversed until the next election.  May the FBI not announce whom they are investigating in the run-up to that election.  That's the only way forward for a democracy sorely tested.
 Became a big fan of James Comey from reading this book (actually, listening to the audiobook). From a home invasion he endured as a teenager, through years of  doggedly doing the right thing in his law-enforcement career, sometimes against great pressure to do otherwise, to the Martha Stewart case and her controversial prison sentence (It was the remedy the law called for, and he felt Stewart was not above the law simply because she was rich and famous),, through the Hillary Clinton e-mails and the exhaustive work that went in to coming up with the decision that he felt was right, plus an explanation of the announcement that many feel cost Clinton the election, straight through to his finding Trump to be unfit in his role as president, dishonest and corrupt, and very insecure, demanding the undying loyalty of everyone around him, even from those whose jobs clearly state that they owe no loyalty to the president, but to the country.
 Excellent book. Well written, very intelligent and insightful.  While most people focus on the Trump part of the book the other sections on Bush and Obama are very interesting as well. Concerning the sections on Trump they bring into sharp focus and make clear beyond any doubt just how disgusting and depraved Trump is both morally and intellectually.
 I was surprised how little of the book is about Trump. Really more of a memoir by Comey containing lots of stories we only got parts of in the news. We certainly need more like him in our government. No claims of being perfect, lots of introspection and self doubt. A narrative of how one man perceived and navigated some pretty difficult waters. He writes like an ordinary person witnessing some very extraordinary circumstances.
 Thoroughly impressed and reiterates my thoughts and feelings about James Comey’s character, the one thing no one can take away from this man! A no nonsense, matter of fact account of someone with a moral compass that truly believes that the law is not just for some and not for others ( ie. The President , his family, and political entourage). Extremely rare these days in the wake (  smoke screen ) of “ Fake News” ,<br/>“ Alternative Facts “ ,  pathological liars, and Minion of The Emporers New Clothes! There is nothing outrageous, tawdry, or salacious about this book, just a very believable retelling or chronical of events. The whole time I read this book the old catch phrase that kept going through my mind was from one of my favorite shows in the 60’s “ DRAGNET “....... “ Just the Facts Ma’am , just the facts!”<br/>I actually listened to the audiobook on Audible.com, which was very enjoyable and narrated by Mr.Comey, which gave it in my opinion an even more honesty and plausiblity.
 Regardless of any controversy about James Comey, I find his account of events compelling and believable.
 Former FBI director James Comey delivers a brilliant, insightful and honest volume that explains who he is, where he stands and why he took the actions he did not only in 2016-17, but throughout his career as a public servant. Comey relates his decision regarding the book's title and how his perception of the concept of loyalty had shaped his life personally and professionally.<br/><br/>During and after the 2016 Presidential election, James Comey was a frequent target of criticism, verbal abuse and scapegoating from both sides of the political aisle. Admittedly, I had some serious reservations about his competence prior to reading "A Higher Loyalty".  Having now read this book, those reservations have been put to rest. This book is a must read for anyone interested in politics, law enforcement, history, and the essentials of ethical leadership.
 Have followed Comey's career through the years.  Very interesting man. Was glad he wrote this book. Very much wanted his perspective. He communicates in a very clear forthright manner.
 I enjoyed the book I felt Mr.Comey wrote real information about the truth as he lived it. American people have lost a great<br/>FBI Director. He has love for this country and only want the best for all<br/>Americans. I have developed a very high respect for Mr.Comey and what he shared in his book. It takes a great person to be honest and state the facts and truth as it happened. It is an eye opener for all of us and we must stand together and help put this country back on track.<br/>  At the rate ,that the new Commander of chief is heading I’m deeply afraid that American will become a place of lies and corruptions.
 I thought this was a very good book, much better than expected.  Like others who have commented on it here, you get the distinct impression that a lot of the pundits and reviewers commenting about it on tv simply did not read it, or went through digging for soundbite worthy things to talk about. The much criticised physical descriptions of Trump, for example, are few and relate to the bizarre experiences Comey had with him.  They do not seem gratuitous in context.  My career was also in criminal justice at a much more modest level but I did have occasion to work with FBI on federal programs several times and I always found them to be decent, honorable people and idealistic under a facade of cynicism.  It felt familiar reading this book, recognizing the attitudes of a dedicated public servant.  Another reason I don't think reviewers read the book in any depth is because of what seemed to me a bit of a bombshell about the "classified material relating to Loretta Lynch" that would not see the light of day for decades.  I wonder if Comey threw this in to bait his readers.  It certainly made me curious.
 Wow . . . this is easily the best book I’ve ever read from a former government official. James Comey was caught standing pants-less in the gates of history, and this book chronicles how we got there, what he thought in the moment, and his reflections on the many pivotal moments in his career in government.<br/><br/>I’m a democrat and a loyal hillary supporter since 2008, and this book vastly improved my opinion of James Comey. To all partisans, it in your interest as citizens of the republic to understand how this career government prosecutor approached his life’s work. Reading this book is a rare opportunity to do something that feels good and is good for you.
 A rational view of what happened
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Mr. Comey in his career in Washington, was put front and center on some infamous investigations and scandals. He is a true leader as identified in this book. Very fascinating to read about his experiences over the years and how he did his best to remain true to his morals of loyalty, integrity, justice and honesty. I don’t find his descriptions of certain individuals as shallow. I appreciate his realism and own interpretations. Comey for President!
 I was not sure what to expect from this book - at all. But Comey's writing style is very much like his speaking style; easy to understand, clear, concise and deliberate, yet riveting from beginning to end!
 Very well written and informative. The book explained a couple choices Mr Comey made that I questioned. I now understand the reason behind his choices. I believe he is an honorable man and appreciate that he wrote this book. Everyone should read this book and listen to his words. Thank you Mr Comey.
 First, I'd like to thank James Comey for writing this, I doubt he reads all the reviews but I'm thankful he wrote this.  Secondly, he answered some questions I had regarding Hilary emails.  He answered my other questions also.  This was informative but not dry, gosh if this was fiction I'd say it wasn't believable, scary to think this is fact. I think going through his 'jobs' gave you an insight of what type of man Mr. Comey is.  I feel comfortable that he did the right thing and would have no matter who it was.  I learned more about the FBI which gave me a new perspective. It is horrible the way he found out he was fired, hopefully the next President will hire Mr. Comey back, we need honest leaders.  I'm sorry for the loss of the Comey's son.  I can't imagine.  The apple made me smile.
 Absolutely the best book on leadership, ethics, Intergrity and management of a large criminal justice agency I have ever read, and I have many.
 I enjoyed this book more than I expected.  Mr. Comey is a great story teller and I enjoyed his antecdotes. As much as I despise trump (and I really do despise every bit of him) I thought the comments about his personal appearance were a bit cheap but I understand how difficult it is to refrain from making them. I didn’t learn anything new factually from the events leading up to the election but it was good to get Comey’s insight and explanation. Some details are blurry or missing but he’s upfront about not being able to disclose everything.<br/><br/>I felt so uncomfortable for him every time he had to discuss the Pee Tapes, though!
 As a Republican not okay with lying, fiscal irresponsibility, insulting entire groups of people &amp; the seemingly endless list of other disturbing qualities and acts by the current White House resident, I enjoyed the peak behind the veil here and to learn more of Comey's path. Worth a read no matter your tribal affiliation. And let's all remember some other famous words: united we stand and divided we fall. Let's keep America great.
 If you ever wanted to know what it's like to be in law enforcement at the highest policy levels, this book is your window into that experience.  Comey details his journey from being a flawed teenager (as we all are) to wrestling with the most difficult and sensitive situations that occur as a prosecutor, deputy attorney general and head of the FBI.  It would be difficult to write fiction more engaging and gripping, and with greater humanity and humor.  The FBI, caught "in the middle of the road," is a target for traffic going both directions, yet must maintain its independence from either political party. Comey a republican, nominated by a democrat to be head of the FBI, takes the reader on a journey through the institutions that help to maintain a functioning democracy. Most of the book has nothing to do with the current administration, but it ends on a sober note that should be a concern to everyone, regardless of political persuasion.
 Don't listen to the naysayers who say James Comey shouldn't have written this book during an active investigation. He definitely should have written this book, and smart people should definitely read it. Don't listen to the talking heads who pick out passages and make silly comments that sound like they haven't even read the book (as you'll see once you read it). I learned quite a lot about events that have happened during my lifetime, and I underlined several great quotations and passages. I hope men and women like Comey prevail, because they are the ones who truly make America great.....not the lying liar who says he will.
 Some of the digs at Trump were childish, but the details of Trump's obsession with the pee tape and the hookers was amazing.
 No issues
 Brilliant!
 This book is powerful. I began reading with very mixed feelings on Comey. After reading I feel that I understand him, his heart and his mind. He was faced with a lose /lose situation and used his moral compass to do what was most right in a toxic and polarized situation. I hope the heartbreaking lessons and honesty in this book stick with me. I hope I can convey these lessons to my kids.  We as a country need to reevaluate our values, demand truth in all things and live to honor a higher loyalty.
 James Comey is clearly a man of integrity.  When he says something, I believe it.  However, I thought he showed poor judgment regarding the Hillary Clinton case.  The policy was to investigate and to speak to the public only through indictments.  I think he was cowed by Trump's incessant claim of a rigged system.  He bent over backwards to make sure the system wasn't rigged for Trump, but didn't do the same for Clinton.  I think it is the same dynamic as an umpire having a slightly wider strike zone for the home town pitcher. It's not intentional, but a human failing.  However, the book is a good read and a primer on ethical leadership.
 A very informative read by a man I highly respect.  I learned a lot about the Justice Department and FBI and how corrupt our government can be.  Truly an eye-opener!
 James makes some very good points about the importance of integrity and other qualities missing in some of our current political figures.
 Mr. Comey is intelligent. He is genuinely humble. Has a tremendous capacity for empathy. Great self-awareness and sensitivity toward the shades and hues of complex issues.<br/><br/>He knows his own mind; thinks things through; puts country before politics; and for anyone whose attention span exceeds that of a gnat, he clearly puts country before ego.<br/><br/>99.99% of Mr. Comey's critics couldn't complete two days on the job as FBI Director. They couldn't recognize mature leadership to say nothing of demonstrating it if their lives depended on it; and they'd experience a total meltdown trying to provide a scintilla of the very visible Public Service that Mr. Comey spent decades delivering day-in, day-out.<br/><br/>While Bob Mueller belongs on Mt. Rushmore, Mr. Comey belongs to a very distinguished class of Public Servants who put in more hours than we'll ever appreciate to vigilantly fortify America's integrity rather than treating it as an orange to be squeezed and tossed in the trash. Or on the floor.
 Like everything. You can feel the sincerity of Comey. I recommend this book to high school juniors and seniors. I find truthfulness in his words.
 A nuanced and careful portrayal of a righteous individual. It’s also an easy read. Comey is like a combination of James Bond, Mr. Magoo, and Mr. Rogers. Not everyone agrees with what he did but he tried doing the right thing and he certainly has a trajectory of service to his country.
 Amazing book about leadership. A must read. This should be an example for all who want to rise up the tanks or want to lead. Kudos to the author.
 I read the book.i liked it.at first thought it would be on shelve at Leadership 101.thank you mr Comey for writing the book and your love of our country and the rule of law.
 This books offers a great insight into a mans world view, from what he knows, expects and hopes for the FBI. "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free".
 This book is eminently easy to read. Comey takes us through his career and the lessons he has learned throughout, all of which culminate almost as if by design with the current president, whose approaches are unlike those of any other in history, and run in stark contrast to all institutional appropriateness, ethics, and values of our criminal justice systems.<br/><br/>This book is scary. It's scary because we can predict what the outcome should be. It is even scarier because the book also leads us to believe that the outcome may not be what it should be. The entire "fake news" and "loyalty oath" administration that we are now enduring is reminiscent of the mafia, to Comey. To me, it is reminiscent of Nazi Germany in the 1930s. We can only hope for a peaceful resolution of this process.
 Easy read providing far more than interviews of  Comey. I understand his decisions may well have impacted history but now knowing his personal background I respect that his decision was based on his belief system.
 Just what I expected. A careful, thoughtful, coherent description of what the FBI and its director are responsible for doing. No spin, no bull.
 Thank you, Mister Comey, for sharing your experience with the public and helping us to understand the choices you made and why.
 This is an amazing book.  It reads like a novel.  It’s not overly preachy (though it is a bit).  The only thing I don’t agree with is Comeys reasoning for announcing further investigation of Hillary Clinton the day before Election Day.  I have read his whole rationale, but I remain unconvinced.  There was plenty of reason to doubt the ethics and tactics of both candidates.  To single out Secretary Clinton the day before Election Day is in fact a political decision, whether he accepts it or not.  It would have been prudent to wait until after the election, no matter which candidate won, and then to continue in the established nonpartisan path.
 So much more to this good man and great leader than the 2016 election and related problems. I have a better understanding of why he made those decisions....we can all judge, but unless you walk a mile in his shoes....
 I loved this book  I enjoyed getting to know  Director Comey.  I would recommend reading this book it shows how a young man came to love his country above self
 I am not deeply political but the continued assault on core American values like free press and the right to express opposing points of view is a concern we should all share.  The president of the United States these values each time he belittles an opponent personally instead of addressing the substance of the criticism. He has done that with Comey. He can’t meet the criitism on the merits so he just personally attacks. Regardless of political view Comey’s concepts of leadership and listening is worthy of consideration.
 Of course this is a controversial piece of literature. What I found fascinating were the interesting and useful life lessons which were expressed. This book changed me for the better and not in the ways which I expected. I think it was a great read and highly recommend.
 Despite his humor and ultimate optimism, it's difficult to read James Comey's A Higher Loyalty as something other than a tragedy.  No one in modern memory has fought harder to retain the FBI's independence from the ceaseless political tumult of the nation's capital, and, yet, at the same time, Comey, managed squarely to thrust the Bureau into the political firestorm of the 2016 election with two announcements on the status of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails: 1.  During the summer that the investigation had concluded.  2. During the fall that it had been resumed. That said, even had Comey said nothing about the emails, I doubt he could have retained his position as Director under the Trump administration.  And, that, to his lasting credit.
 I had never heard of Comey until the 2016 election, and I struggled to understand his choices as they were reported in the media - by the time I finished the book, I had completely changed my view of him and his actions. I came away with a sincere admiration for Comey that I didn't expect. I highly recommend the audiobook, which he reads himself. He is a good writer and there's a great deal of dry humor. The beginning of the book, which covers his early career, including the Bush years, were fascinating as well.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read! It is a positive statement of what leadership SHOULD look like, not an answer to the current dysfunctional presidential administration. The reader is allowed to draw their own moral conclusions. There are also riveting personal and  professional accounts where the author shares his own life lessons and their impact on his world view. A must read for anyone searching for peace of mind in knowing that great leaders still exist!
 This is a memoir type book, he’s not a professional writer, so no complaints.  Great insight to tough situations, choices, and working in jobs tied politics.  You understand his choices more and that he’s a human who makes mistakes, tries his best, and learns.
 I decided to read this book because my (Trump-loving) elderly father read it and afterwards concluded that Trump truly is an awful human being. For me, a long-time never-Trumper, my main takeaways were: 1) people in politics, who we see and hear in the news every day, are just ordinary people with ordinary concerns who happen to find themselves in extraordinary situations; 2) the lack of criminal charges against Hillary Clinton means only that a fair and thorough and competent investigation failed to produce the sort of evidence required for such charges; and 3) there is something very, very wrong with Donald Trump.
 This book by James Comey underscores the personal nature of leadership and focuses on a number of important lessons James learned throughout his life and career. This book’s context of current American politics gives spice and makes this book a page turner. The balance and open mindedness that Comey displays while being a law enforcement professional is an encouraging testimony to the strength of our national institutions. While I am deeply curious about other perspectives on the recent events this book describes, the book transcends James Comey’s life and accomplishes its stated mission of sharing timeless lessons of leadership in a powerful way.
 James Comey, ex FBI Director, fired by Donald Trump on May 7, 2017, released his book “A Higher Loyalty: Truth Lies, and Leadership” on Tuesday April 17, 2018, an Amazon best seller.  This is well written, a page-turner that I was able to read in a day.  Comey, a professionally trained lawyer and prosecutor who establishes his plot from a young school going lad through a varied career where his beacon was clearly lit by a strong ethic, honesty, with love and respect for others regardless of race, creed, or gender.  Comey’s higher loyalty is to the USA and not the politicians, some not principled.  Comey beliefs incorporates kindness, toughness, confidence, humility, and humor.  Above all else he is a family man who respects and loves his wife and children.  He instilled in subordinates a sense of purpose.  In his journey of discovery, with admitted mea culpas he set his own extremely high moral standards.  This book could serve as a text supporting college courses in business ethics, management leadership, religious teachings, and human relationships.<br/><br/>There is a symbiotic parallel in Comey’s book and Michael Wolff’s Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House.<br/><br/>In my 50-year computer software career I too have met corporate leaders who I would willingly follow to the ends of the earth.  They taught me to be a better person.  Sadly I found a greater number of charlatans whose goal in life was to wrestle the next software sale and any negative consequences to the corporation be damned.  The rationale is that companies have the financial resources, with ill-informed management, so what if their misdirected investment and solution failure adds to the sales person’s enrichment.<br/><br/>Regrettably this book will not be enjoyed by about a third of adult American’s (mostly white and less educated) who are devoid of core beliefs and willing to accept pathological lies, unfettered racist behavior, white supremacists, bigotry, corruption, never ending scandals, bullying, misogyny, malignant narcissism, bombastic utterances as fact, fake news, dubious business dealings, incompetence, inept management, weak leadership, willingness to cavort with hookers, disparaging an entire continent and countries, paying off porn stars, vulgar utterances, accepting foreign election finances, undermining the intelligence community, clueless about the Constitution of the United States, willing to mock the disabled, instigating violence, disparaging everyone you disagree with, not trustworthy, demanding loyalty, craving to be in the limelight every day, self-enrichment, fighting freedom of the press, addicted to rightwing TV, worshiping Vladimir Putin, all as the new norm.  Evangelicals are unlikely to approve of this publication as it establishes an ethical standard that is unreachable, preferring to forgive the weaknesses of their god, Trump, who is supposedly anti-abortion, the only metric that is relevant to this following.  The good news is that Trump will not learn anything from Comey, as by reputation, it is alleged that Trump doesn’t read books.  “This president is unethical, and untethered to truth and institutional values.  His leadership is transactional. Ego driven, and about personal loyalty.  A person who does not have the moral fortitude to be President of the United States of America”.
 More than anything, this book encourages self-examination. Some may find James Comey's words arrogant or a veiled attempt at self critique. Others will surely bemoan his account of his interactions with President Trump as "fake news." While we are all certainly entitled to our opinions, I would heartedly disagree with any such review.<br/><br/>This book is not about the investigation into the Trump Campaign and Russian interference in the 2016 election. While elements of those topics naturally surface, as they essentially dominated the twilight of Comey's career, they do not dominate this book.<br/><br/>Instead, Comey uses his entire career in law enforcement to not only tell interesting stories about the cases he worked or legal issues he tackled, he uses those same experiences and the lessons he learned to provide the framework of what he considers exemplary leadership. Given the partisan times in which we live, and the apparent lack of moral fiber throughout our society, we could use more of the leadership Comey seems to crave.<br/><br/>Another strength of the book is the simplicity with which Comey describes sometimes complex legal issues as they pertain to criminal investigations. I happen to work in law enforcement, and routinely find it frustrating how often people weigh in on a given topic without truly understanding the many issues surrounding said topic. With each major case Comey discusses, whether it's his prosecution of Mafia bosses or the Hillary email scandal, he describes those events in relatable terms.<br/><br/>I'd honestly like to see this book, or at least large portions of it, become required reading at police and other law enforcement academies across the country. We can all learn something from James Comey.
 Excellent book on how character is formed and how ethics are applied under real pressure and amid messy circumstances. My e-book from B&amp;N is well annotated. However, and maybe because of his profound discussion of his upbringing, values and professional training, I am now left wondering why he felt his only options were "to speak or conceal" on Oct. 26, 6 days before the election and more importantly why he felt it had to be such public one. I also don't think he explained, to my satisfaction, the different handling of the July Trump investigation and the on again off again Clinton one. Lastly, and in light of the hatred against Clinton, out of the NY FBI office, at the most senior levels, I am no longer convinced his actions were completely honorable. While I was reading and getting a sense of Jim's ego, I was often reminded of the descriptions of Whistleblower's from C. Fred Alford excellent book: Whistleblower's: Broken Lives and Organizational Power (2002, Cornell Press). That many of these identify with Superman, with a need to save the world, and only they can save the world with the information they have. So to, how the organization then responds to such acts.
 This book seems to tell truths about the FBI and government.  It is about more than Trump.  Worth reading for people on both sides of the political aisle.
 Excellent book. Great read from a strong leader. Audio version well done and I recommend listening
 I just finished reading the book. It wasn't what I was expecting from all the buzz in the media.  It's really about ethical leadership and how to be a person of integrity.  I have bookmarked many sections to read again, in sections about finding meaning in bad situations and how to model integrity.  This was less about politics and more about true leadership.
 Gripping, insightful, and written with surprisingly elegant prose, ‘A Higher Loyalty’ is about what makes a great leader, from a grocery store manager, to the President of a powerful western democracy. Recommended for all reasonable people regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, or political views.
 Comey is a polished, ethical, smart minded public servant who believes in the rule of law. He is also a HERO to the American People. We need more people like him in public service.
 Thank you for writing this book!  I was so emotional reading it. It is an unthinkable abuse of power for a person who obviously is an unethical and a pathological liar to boot, is in a position to fire a man of integrity and character at will, and to do it in such a cowardly manner.  Yet the Director (I will continue to refer to him as a Director) of FBI's optimism in our country is loving and caring. Thank you for your honesty in telling the TRUTH and reminding us of our responsibilities as Americans to voice our opinion through our votes. And this with the people like you to stop those who dare again to interfere in our elections. Bravo!
 Mr. Comey wrote an excellent and informative book. The book is about leadership, something very lacking in our country today. It walks us through his life as a bullied child, up to and through the 2016 presidential election and beyond. The man has seen a lot. I wish him the very best.
 While most of us recognized long ago that our current president is unprepared to serve in any public office of responsibility, Mr. Comey has dramatically underscored how deplorable Trump and his enablers really are.  I hope the American people wakeup and do their duty and vote not for a party, but for the future of the U S A.
 Its encouraging to know that we still have men like Mr. Comey who I feel is a hero for his leadership, morals, public service and love and importance of family.  Thank you for your service to this country. Excellent book.
 A truly phenomenal read. Comey is eloquent, articulate, clearly brilliant, and has a love for service and his country that is far beyond anything the current Executive possesses. After reading this book my heart absolutely aches for Comey and for our country. Clearly a man of principle, Comey does a wonderful job of relaying the facts without dumbing them down and also without confusing the reader. Hats off to a remarkable public servant and American.
 One of the good guys…<br/>Usually in the movie, the good guys win over the bad guys but in this case it’s the opposite.<br/>I hope there is a positive ending on this political saga.<br/><br/>Mr. Comey seems to be a genuine guy with the qualities of a good man.<br/>This is an inspiring book. I hope everyone should read this; to reflect one’s own values, ethics and morality.
 Thank you Mr.  Comey for building a strong foundation with which to understand how your story evolved.  You show courage in honestly looking at each situation, albeit through the lens of hindsight,  and how you arrived at various decisions.  I found your story compelling.
 I like how Comey let the reader get to know him through stories from the time he was a child.  It helped in understanding who he was as an adult and why he made the decisions he made. The book was very well written and easily holds the reader's interest.  I admire Comey's honesty and loyalty to the country rather than to a corrupt leader.
 Fascinating story about our government and its internal workings.  My only criticism is that he should have left out the part about the appearance of the president.  That is obvious to all of us and beneath the dignity of the author.<br/><br/>Mike o
 A very thoughtful and thought provoking read. I sincerely hope this is not the last we hear from director Comey.
 A rare look into the world of law enforcement and intelligence. Very little of the book is devoted to the current occupant of the White House. Comey never wavers from his definition of an ethical leader. Very interesting read.
 Most of this book is not about Donald Trump. It’s about a life in public service by a man who did his best to be neutral, sometimes with severe consequences as we all now. Anybody who reads this book and thinks that Mr. Comey a hack, fraud, or liar, is not somebody who knows the meaning of those words or represents them themselves. I voted for Hillary Clinton. I’m disappointed by the result. But James Comey was in a position that he never should’ve been put in. Donald Trump made a big mistake kicking a quality guy like this out of government, just because he wouldn’t bow to him.
 Interesting to have a first hand account of such recent history.
 James Comey’s book was a fascinating and quick read. I found it hard to put down.  Prior to reading the book, I was skeptical about his handling of the Clinton announcement days before the election. After reading about his thoughts at the time, I understand his dilemma. I now feel he had no choice but to announce the reopening of the investigation.  I believe James Comey to be a forthright and honorable man who had been placed in an unbelievably compromising position (the request for loyalty). Comey took the high road. This book is a disturbing look into the current world of Trump’s White House. In spite of the pressures, James Comey retained his integrity.
 Loyalty to the United States Constitution and the American people seems to be an unusual concept in the current political climate. There are a few, but they are belittled and attacked by *** and *** ****.<br/>Mr. Comey made mistakes,  which he admits. This admission is a rare trait among any public figure or politician and proves the leadership aspect of James Comey.<br/>Regardless of mistakes, there is wisdom in the author's words in which you may take comfort in the fact that people of ethical and moral character exist and our nation will survive.
 Wow! This was an amazing book. I listened to the audiobook. Mr. Comey narrates the book. His telling of the events of his life are nothing short of mesmerizing. He spends most of the book telling us about the people and events that shaped his notion of right and honor. His explanation of his actions regarding the Clinton emails rings true to his character and circumstances. We all have lived it and watched it. This explains it. MUST READ!!
 Takes a lot of courage to buck POTUS and JC did it. Looking forward to the Impeachment trials this fall.
 Whether you voted for Trump, Hilary, independent, or didn't vote- read this book. It's not about politics- truly Comey tried his best to stay out of the political fray of Washington- to lead the FBI. I loved how he took the reader through all of his experiences with various supervisor's/ leaders and the impressions and impact (positive and negative) they made on him from a formidable teenager to a grown adult.  I'm glad I read it because truly, I bought into the media hype that Comey changed the election. Getting to know him, through this book, as a professional, a father, a husband, a human being, made me realize that he did the best he good given the circumstances. It is so easy to judge others when you are not walking in their shoes. I couldn't put the book down. Great read!
 GOOD
 Great book. What a complicated life he’s led.  Some excellent advice for leaders.
 I’m not at all political. I like to get a balanced view by reading everything. I’ve only gotten a few chapters in and am already hooked on the prose. For a Fed, the author writes quite well. His eloquence paints a detailed picture of events which shaped his leadership development. Regardless of your politics, as a leader in some area of your life you should gain style insight.
 It makes no difference if you are a Pres.Trump fan or not, this book should be a must-read for all Americans. I'm not sure what I expected, but this was a clear and educational explanation of how our federal justice system works -- or is supposed to work. All the unique positions James Comey has had during his long government career on the path to becoming Director of the FBI read almost like a novel. I am giving this book to all my family and friends because I think it is so important to our understanding what is necessary to protect our freedom.
 I am from outside USA, therefore I feel quite impartial about the characters in the book and the politcal motives, if any, for having  this book.<br/>I read this book with many reflections on past conflicting situations that i was put into, an "independent checker" of a company. The book gives me a lot of fruit for thought. As the author says, there is probably no right answer, but safe guarding the "reservoir" of virtues that so many predessors had toiled to built up for the organization must be the guiding principle to leaders. I cannot put this book down, and recommend it to be taught in all MBA schools along with Principles by Ray Dalio
 Engrossing and well-written!
 I have to be honest in my review even though I do not like this man at all. The book is well written and is entertaining. It does go overboard s bit As to his ethical character. I do not think he is that ethical. I believe he is very egotistical and not humble at all. I still enjoyed the book.
 I'm about halfway done with this book and it's only been a few days. There are some glaring faults in Comey's first book: I wish he used more evidence that suggests some of the things he says and wished that he would be clear for his general audience that he purposefully talks about multiple leaders to show what Trump is, and is not, like.<br/><br/>This is his life narrative and talks about what he went through in his early days of childhood through his time in the White House with the two previous presidents, G.W. Bush and Obama, while ending his time with Trump. One thing I liked about this book is that he admits to being arrogant, and it shows (at times) in this book. However, his "proud" and "stubborn" nature helps him in that he's like a mule: he tries not to let others intimidate him from telling the truth, regardless of the result, including being fired from political office. Some parts are incredibly funny, others are shock moments, while he often exposes others for who they are, even politicians. I highly suggest you pick this book up if you're curious about government or want to read an interesting narrative of a man unjustly fired for doing his job too well.
 A fascinating book by someone who has led a truly extraordinary life. Whether you agree with decisions he’s made or not, Comey is a champion of truth. After 16 months of Trump, it’s like a glass of water in the middle of a desert.
 I have found the book to be a very interesting, well told history of Mr. Comey's life and career as an audible listen on my long commutes.  I am particularly appreciative that it is Mr. Comey providing the narration.  The detail behind major events over his years working with several Presidents, key legislators, Cabinet level officials, other attorneys and his family's history and response, where applicable, provides a rich background into how he came to be a part of the major events surrounding the 2016 election and the current administration.  I expected to find the book dry and dull but an important listen.  Instead, I highly recommend it regardless of partisan preference.
 Amazing, insightful, truthful; a must read!
 Fascinating read
 I expected this book to be a rushed and pulpy “tell all” - what I found instead is an interesting and often exciting book that reflects on the importance of truth and working to make the world better. I’m even interested in learning more about what it takes to be a Special Agent at the FBI.
 Put your politics aside and give this book a shot.
 This book gets at the heart of what it means to be a moral and ethical leader with lessons learned across several presidential administrations. I am struck at how candid Comey is about his own fallibility and his constant struggle to do what is right instead of what is best for him personally. I find him to be one of the most credible people in government at any point in my lifetime. If we had more James Comeys willing to serve we would be well on the way to making America great again.
 I found this to be a fascinating and beautifully written book. While media discussions about it focus on the Trump segments and a few icky details, the essence of this memoir is about ethical leadership and lessons learned over the years. After watching Mr. Comey on TV interviews, I found this book to be very much in his own voice. Not PR-speak or a ghostwriter.  After reading this you may or may not agree with some of his controversial decisions, but you will better understand and likely respect them. A highly interesting look behind the scenes at some critical points in history, and very much a love letter to the FBI and the dedicated people who serve there.
 The book is a look back in the rearview mirror. I enjoyed seeing the thought on the different movements of JC's life that informed his professional and personal decisions. Well written and at times funny I enjoyed peaking under the hood of what he sees as his leadership.  But... we drive a car looking through the front glass. Each of those moment's in JC's life gave the road in front of him. I wish there was a bit more than the Epilogie in looking forward. The image of a raging fire offering new life was a good one. I was hoping for more comments on the seeds. Thank you for your service.
 Solid book that gives a thorough and clawing look into James Comey's work during the Trump administration and his sudden departure.
 'A Higher Loyalty ..' is an interesting, well written book.  I am not a great fan of James Comey but in this book he explains very clearly his thought process behind key moments in his career.  As in most memoirs, he is a bit self-congratulatory but not nauseatingly so.  Republicans might find his views of Trump (and team) to be upsetting but I imagine few ardent Trump supporters will read this book.  The book left me glad James Comey is no longer in charge of the FBI but overall I now have the impression the man is both smart and patriotic.<br/><br/>Bottom line: a compelling read in many ways.  Strongly recommended.
 I  appreciated learning how personal events shaped Comey's life, his honesty, as well as the integrity and leadership he brought as a U.S. attorney and director in FBI.  Very unfortunate he was fired, as our country needs these kind of values.  It was enjoyable to read about various cases and events with an inside peek of events that had not been revealed previously.  Interesting insight into Martha Stewart and how she did herself in by lying to the FBI instead of being honest from the get go which would have had a very different personal outcome (same with Scooter Libby). Also  other revelations that explain why things unfolded the way they did. I found it an excellent read.
 I chose the audio version as I wanted to hear Mr. Comey in his own voice and not the one in my head. He is a talented writer who has the ability to tell his story with dry wit, yet never losing sight of the truth.  I enjoyed how, with subtle stories of his growing up, he wound the narrative to show just how the FBI and law enforcement should behave and how abnormal and corrupt the current situation in Washington actually is.  I couldn't stop listening once I began and did a binge listen for the first time through.  Excellent.
 This book is outstanding.  Read by the author, it reveals a much larger picture of his life than the disgraceful moment when trump fired him because he wouldn't play ball.  Unlike the person who fired him, Mr. Comey had the integrity to reveal moments of his life of which he was not proud, such as bullying in his college days, and the courage to show his vulnerability, such as when he and his wife lost their infant son.<br/><br/>The portion regarding trump is a tiny portion, at the tail end.  This is appropriate, as someone so mean-spirited, petty, and devoid of integrity as trump doesn't deserve more.  One comment Mr. Comey made about trump stood out. It was to the effect that he was sure trump had suffered loss and pain in his life.  And yet, he did not find him to be capable of any compassion, or kindness, as a result.  In short, a hollow man forced to constantly be a blowhard to keep his ego inflated.  Very sad.<br/><br/>But, as I said, the book is about Comey's career with 3 presidents, and offers an excellent window into the world of Justice.
 This book is essentially an autobiographical story starting when the author was a high school student. He describes being bullied at a new school and dealing with it. At the beginning of the book he was at home with his younger brother when a man breaks into their home. This sets the time for Comey's interest in the law. From there he begins his life as a lawyer working at the D.A's office for none other than Rudy Giuliani.<br/>The story is interesting and well written. He doesn't get to Trump until the end of the book but everything he has done leads up to this. Enjoy!
 Like many people, I was angry with James Comey when he announced Hillary Clinton was again being investigated for emails after the case had already been closed.  Reading about that incident from his perspective however has helped me understand how he, as a man with real integrity, could have done nothing else.<br/><br/>I hope we have more leaders with enough integrity and courage to see our country through the current administration.  We deserve better than the Liar in Chief we have today near the end of 2018.
 Excellent book. Well written and informative. Thank you for your service Mr. Comey, and for sharing this information with the American people.
 My review comes after having read the book some months ago. At the time the emotions that I experienced were overwhelming. But I realized that it is the book and not my feelings about what the authorised and endured. The book,  as one reader wrote,  was more of a chronological, biography, not a spin on his political viewpoint.  While reading the book, I got a true sense of a man who truly believed in what it meant to be true to his convictions and to be a leader, as an example for those who served under him. He was not perfect, no one is. His willingness to share some of his mistakes with the public and indicate he learned from them. Was for me a demonstration of TRUE INTEGRITY. I also learned a little more about the office in which he served. It was an eye opener, for me, in a good way. I also purchased the audio version of the book. I wanted to hear his message in his voice, not through the comments and critiques of others. I give the book 5 stars.
 Observations: (1) I think this is the most important book I have ever read because it is a call to leave partisanship aside and just focus on the founding values of our country: i.e. Constitution and protection of law; (2) James Comey is not a good writer. When he writes about himself, his writing is frankly, embarrassing. He is a fabulous legal writer. When he is recounting factual events, i.e. writing the fact portion of a legal brief. His writing is riveting. My favorite part is when he recounts the fight against the torture memos in the Bush administration. ie. Cheney's camp of torture at any cost and his camp which was like this is not within the law; (3) his unconscious description of the spit I feel everyday (most keenly in places like DC and Northern California), the working class vs. upper middle class split. I took Prof. Brooks class, Race, Economics and the Law and it was life changing. Lower middle class white people have an ethos of justice, fairness, and fighting for those values. Upper middle class/upper class people just want to get along, they do not challenge things, they just let it go, even when it is illegal and unethical as long as it does not impact them and when it does, they just leave without making waves. I firmly believe that value is killing our country. I notice that the majority of bank whistle blowers are white women who started as tellers and were promoted through management. I think there is a connection. Comey is very lower white middle class. Trump is very upper middle class. That is the clash in values we are seeing right now and in my opinion it is the MOST IMPORTANT FIGHT SINCE THE CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT. I am not kidding the right side has to win here for the rule of law to continue. (4) He is a little naïve and does not realize that his love of America was possible because he was a white man. I think he intellectually owns that but he does not emotionally own it. He is trying though, and it is touching. He does make huge efforts to recruit minorities into the FBI and his recounting of Pres. Obama's talk to him about how his comments about "Weed and Seed" could be interpreted by the Black community and his humility in recounting that brought tears to my eyes. But still I don't think he understands the anger the rest of America feels because they are shut out of his experience of the protections of the Constitution. (5) Comey is the guy you wanted to punch in crim pro and con law because he was so sanctimonious. He is also the guy you want to lead the FBI and the DOJ when it is critical that someone steps in and that is not what the law says or that compromises the independence of this agency. Please read his book.
 I was extremely impressed with his writing style.  I didn't expect to encounter a genuine warmth and humility from someone so high up in government.<br/><br/>I have been totally discussed by the events of Donald Trump as our president and his lack of respect for the truth, human respect, bullying by means of text and the law.  This book was able to put into words why I have been so disturbed by Donald Trumps lack of moral values and how it impacts the country that I love.<br/><br/>I hold a much higher respect for James Comey after reading his book.  I have asked my husband to read it to learn to be a better manager in his company.  This book gives many great examples of how to deal with people and conflict.
 This is a very good book and well written. I enjoyed reading it.
 The majority of the reviews for this book have been positive, and I am with them.  My guess is that the negative ones are fans of the occupant of the White House and are believers in the current philosophy.  I myself am very skeptical of it all and so I was pleasantly surprised to read a book that was very open about the how and why that James Comey did what he did.  It is a memoir so anyone who says it is all about him, I would remind them that is what a memoir tends to be.
 A thoroughly engaging read from start to finish. Comey did a great job throughout by giving enough personal history to ground his principles, but avoided the temptation to make this a full fledged memoir. Instead, he provides just the right amount of background to establish what "normal" challenges and tension between the President and the FBI Director look like in order to demonstrate all the more clearly just how horrifying Trump's behavior was. Upsetting, but necessary.
 An excellent book on leadership and the lack thereof in current American government and society. Mr. Comey displays, in both his writing and his professional life, the moral attributes he learned as a Scout. It is obvious that his life is still guided by the principles expressed in the Scout Oath and the Scout Law, in stark contrast to the utter lack of character of his detractors. While no man is perfect, I believe General Lord Baden-Powell would be proud. For my part, I am greatly reassured to know that America still has men of conscience like James Comey.
 The author appears to have important scruples  which are not as common as they should be in society. I enjoyed this book which describes a man of conscience and his experience with a reality show star.
 The book is an easy read but it does tend to miander. While revealing the human side and motivation of the man the narrative often circles back on itself by repeating dates and events. The observations of Trump's physical appearance could easily be seen as thinnly veiled digs but tough!
 One of the best book I ever read! Very well written and inspirational!
 We have mostly good honest hard working leaders in the USA.  It's too bad the system in structured in a way to make it very difficult for them speak up when an absolute nut job is their leader.
 This is a hard review to leave. If the book ended before describing the 2016 election, I would have loved it. Comey's understanding of leadership, patriotism, and loyalty has a lot to offer us. However, I did not enjoy his explanations of 2016/2017. Had he simply come out and admitted he was wrong and that he knows he directly affected the outcome of the 2016, I could have stomached it. I admire him more after reading the book, but feel even sadder about what could have been.
 I didn’t tackle this book for months. It didn’t seem necessary. Then I started reading and was almost stunned at the ethics and leadership (yes, related) qualities Comey exemplified and taught.<br/><br/>He really does tell the truth in this book. You should read it if you are a Trump fan and see if you can remain one. You should read it if you want to think about leadership and see if your own behaviors measure up.<br/><br/>One of the best books I have read.
 I hope everyone who has offered opinions on James Comey over the last two years reads this book. It will help you understand his point of view, even if you disagree with it. It's not an exhaustive rebuttal or debate of every issue related to Trump and the Russia investigation, but it's not meant to be. I think that is a strength of the book, that Comey limits himself to explaining only things that he experienced or felt.
 Enjoyed Mr. Comey's book immensely. Contrary to belief,  the majority of the book is not about our current President. I  found Mr. Comey's narrative compelling.
 This is a a very thoughtful, insightful narrative of Mr. Comey's experiences and why it is so important to keep politics out of the FBI.  Even handed and well written.  I'm so glad I read it!
 Interesting insight into workings of the FBI. Most of the book is devoted to Comey’s years with the Bureau and only a couple of chapters about the Trump White House. Nothing we haven’t already seen on network news.
 Easy read.
 Very informative.. learned a lot. Great book!
 James Comey brings to light exactly what ethical leadership looks like. It is clear that our current president, number 45, does not have those skills. It was also interesting and relative to learn more about Comey's employment history and lessons learned along the way.
 This book gives readers a good insight into Comey's personality and motivations, a great look at tenets of good, ethical leadership as he experienced it directly, and some details into some of the controversial cases he handled over the course of his career.  A great, highly readable contribution to the history bookshelf.  I recommend it.
 A well written, intelligent book in which Mr Comey explains his actions in a way that makes a lot of sense. There is no defensiveness in his writing, just well thought out reasoning to conclusions. I found myself liking Director Comey much more as I read his book. I am left feeling he is a very honorable and ethical man. I may not have made the decisions he did, at the times he did, but I am kind of grateful that he took the time to explain himself to us by writing this book. I highly recommend reading it.
 if you wanted proof of the author’s overweening arrogance and self-importance—here it is.  Maybe you will find it entertaining or educational, but I did not.
 I know that a lot of Trump loyalists dismiss Comey’s book as “fake news”, but I thought that it was excellent! I understand how Comey felt compelled to write such a book, since the partisan politics in this country are so divisive these days. I’ll paraphrase the statement that I like best: “insecure people demand loyalty, whereas true leaders earn it.” How true!
 The book is an interesting and thoughtful recount of his experiences with leadership. His insights on all three presidents were a pleasure to read.
 I purchased the audible version. This book was very informative if, like me, you are trying to understand why the heck he made some of the decisions he made. The back story of his life gives the needed context. I do suspect that he would have better protected the integrity of the FBI and the Republic in the long run had he made different choices, though.
 There will not be a review. Disappointed. Waste of money.
 This was excellent.  The narrative was succint but purposeful- showing how Mr. Comey developed some his strongest beliefs and values early in his career then seeing those values sorely tested on President Trump.  I was quite suprised that much of what he discussed in his book was pretty well reported by the WAPO and NYTIMES and CNN.  Most of all,  his fundamental values about the role of institutions and his love of country ring true and honest.  There is some humility in this book and Mr Comey does not shy away from describing his mistakes.
 I just finished A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership. It was a great pleasure to read. Comey has a comfortable and thoughtful writing style. I often felt like he was in the room talking to me. I learned more about the FBI, the investigations that Comey was part of, and the weeks leading up to Donald Trump firing Comey on television. No matter your political persuasions, this book needs to be at the top of your "to read" list.
 It's a bit drawn out
 I am not affiliated with a political party and I admit that every presidential ballot I have cast through out the years has always boiled down to voting for the lessor of evils. Usually, after the votes are counted, I hope for the best and life goes on. I have never before found myself so enthralled with the ongoing political scene. I've read a stack of books trying to understand what happened; what is happening, and looking for clues to the future ramifications of politics not as usual in our country.<br/><br/>One of the issues of this last campaign season that I did not understand was how FBI Director James Comey handled the Clinton email investigation. His press conferences seemed to me to be out of the norm and political pundits reenforced that belief. I also suspected partisanship on Comey's part. Although, for the life of me I couldn't imagine Jim Comey wanting to work within a Trumpian administration.<br/><br/>I probably would have passed on this book had I not watched Comey's senate hearing and had Trump just let it go. But just like Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House by Michael Wolff, Donald Trump sold me this book.  (Which is not to say these two books are in any way comparable.)<br/><br/>Long story short this book answered my question: Jim Comey, what were you thinking? In a well written and engaging fashion Comey tells his story. Surprisingly, he tells it in a self-depreciating and sometimes humorous way. I came away believing Comey is an ethical man with strong opinions and (some might say) an over developed super ego. A man born to be the director of an organization like the FBI.<br/><br/>In this memoir he provides the background material we need to know to understand who he is and how he became a man who felt compelled to put it all on the line to stand up for his principles. To do the job. To protect the integrity, independence and the mission of the FBI.<br/><br/>James Comey sees the Big Picture. Candidates come and go. Presidents come and go. Directors of the FBI come and go. And while the players are undeniably important to the health of American Democracy it is the Institutions that preserve it and therefore must take precedence.<br/><br/>Post 9/11 the mission of the FBI changed. Where previously it’s primary function was law enforcement it’s focus is now national security. Clinton’s email debacle was a potential national security problem that had to be investigated.<br/><br/>During this past campaign season the integrity of the FBI was impugned in ways it hadn’t been since the scandals of Hoover and Nixon. Comey felt it was important that any public doubts related to integrity of the FBI be addressed. That we knew and believed that the FBI was doing it’s job to protect the national security of the country. The only way, in Comey’s opinion, to accomplish that goal was by being as transparent as possible. Hence the the first press conference.The bottom line of that press conference, you will remember, was that a through investigation was conducted, and completed, and there were no grounds to pursue a criminal case against Hillary Clinton.<br/><br/>The month before the November 2016 election, in an unrelated investigation, the FBI came into possession of a vast store of Hillary Clinton’s earliest, believed to have been deleted, emails. These potentially important emails, not available during the initial investigation, forced the FBI to take a second look. That second look had to be reported to Congress. Of course it very quickly became common knowledge that the investigation had been reopened.<br/><br/>The how and why of that is an important piece in understanding one chapter in the story of the 2016 presidential campaign. Aside from that the book itself is well worth reading for the insight it gives into the mission of the FBI and into the mind of an interesting and complicated man who chose a life of public service and what that has cost him.
 I just finished reading A Higher Loyalty, and it felt intimate, as though I was a fly on the wall for some of those conversations.<br/>Mr. Comey consistently emphasized the role of the FBI as well as himself to the American people without political influence. I have to say after reading the book, I fully believe him over President Trump. Eye opening book.
 There are already quite a few analytic reviews of this book on Amazon, so in the interest of brevity... Unlike the self-proclaimed ‘Hemingway of Twitter’ Trump, Comey’s writing has one key distinguishing factor, whether one agrees with him or not. He’s coherent.
 A very readable book.  I felt as if Comey were talking to me one on one.  I learned a lot about how the government operates, especially the Justice Depat. and the FBI.
 When I started reading this book, I sat down with a notepad and pencil in order to take notes and keep track of all the names of individuals and positions they held.  I found this a slow read - at first - but stuck with the book to try and make sense of many questions I had about what transpired before, during and after the presidential election.  About half-way through, however, I became riveted and could not put the book down.  This book is an eye-opener.  James Comey has done a great job in writing this book.
 Highly recommend  It connects the dots. Buy it. Read it. Educate yourself and go out and make a change in this country
 I respect Mr. Cindy's commitment to ethics and public service. But the nation would have been better served if Mr. Co.st had put the good of the country and adherence to constitutional law ahead of the good of the FBI. The outcome of his decisions regarding both Russian interference and the decision about Mr Weiner 's laptop may well result in long lasting damage to both. No one was unaware of "The Donald 's" lack of integrity or ethics. No one.
 Well written. Uncertain why certain subject matters are broached (filler perhaps?). And there were a few times I wondered if the author was trying to convince his audience or himself, but I never doubted his motives or integrity; I just felt like the author still struggled with certain issues within his own world. He was always clear and the writing was thoughtful. It was written in such a way the avid reader as well as a novice reader's attention would be held.
 This book is so much better than I thought it would be. I am not a Trump fan, so I was ready to enjoy someone really knocking Trump down. The book is so much more than that. Comey starts off with  many of the chapters simply going over his experiences as he worked his way up in the government positions and how he had to deal with the various personalities. He discusses  how many of his choices affected his family time and ability to cover expenses in life just like the rest of us. He also writes about  some of his most difficult cases that he had to resolve. He eventually gets into the issues about Trump,  while at this point in the book describes (by showing direct  contrast to previous  presidents)  how much  the White House has adversely changed. You can tell that this author is highly intelligent, erudite, and a patriot with great concern for the future of America based on what he has dealt with in his final years at the white House. This is a worthy read that I think most people will find fascinating, but also disturbing.
 Engrossing account on Mr. Comey's career and the lead up to his firing .  Mr Trump can demand loyalty from those around him,  as he still does, but those close to his inner circle must constantly watch their backs and tread on eggshells as not to upset this egomaniacal , sadistic shell of a human being.  All cabinet members ,staff, members of Congress that are still standing by and not challenging him on his lies and despicable conduct will forever carry a dark stain on their souls. The epilogue is a warning but he does give us faith  that our country will return to our ethical forms and values.  The sooner,the better.
 This is a very well-written memior and the author does a good job of reading his work on the audiobook.  Comey comes across as honest, a little nerdy, and a little weak as a public figure, by which I mean he did not really stand up to Trump nor did he handle the Clinton email investigation announcements well.  That being said, the FBI did its job and Comey did his best to protect the institution's independence.  Comey talks a lot about what good leadership is.  While he did not always embody it fully, he tried.
 Enjoyable read, I liked the stories about the Bush and Obama White Houses, very interesting insight to the different dynamics
 This a well written analysis of Mr. Comey's career in the Justice Department to include his time as the Director of the FBI.  While not all of his decisions are the same as those I would make...they were well thought out.  His career was exemplary in the context that he did his best.  The manner in which he was dismissed is a disgrace.  No one deserves that...and yet the focus of this book was not on that subject, but; on how to do a credible job.  The book is well worth reading.
 The book reflects the voice and sense of self that we have heard from the public face of James Comey
 I like books about people, especially those who have made positive impact on the world. And although many blame Comey for us having one of the worst, if not THE worst, President ever, he tells his story of ups and downs, lessons learned, etc., in an easy, logical, readable way.<br/><br/> Recommend to anyone who wants to learn more about how things work at the top level of our government, about good leadership, about learning lessons in life and using them constructively.
 I had this book through audible. Love it. I don't believe any parties. I believe, USA is still USA because of some honest professional work for the govt organization. Bravo. I really feed bad for you, the way, you were trashed out of the govt. You deserved a better retirement opportunity.
 This book makes the reader empathize with the dilemma of trying to preserve the independence and integrity of the FBI as established constitutionally in the face of corrupt attempts to influence it and protect the President. The book is an honest portrayal of the struggle, which describes in detail actual encounters with three Presidents and the challenges they posed both ethically  and emotionally to a loyal American patriot and consummate public servant.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book by a true patriot formerly in the Justice Dept.  Men of his caliber should be lauded not fired. His expertise and patriotism will be missed at the FBI. I have recommended this book as a "must read" for young people as a learning guide for leadership.  While Comey is not perfect his ideals and virtues are worthy of being imitated. I'm hopeful that he will write another book.
 I think Mr. Comey comes across as honest in his telling of the events surrounding his tenure and termination from the FBI. He seems a thoughtful man, driven by his morals and principles. I think, after reading his account of things, that Mr. Comey did as he thought best in many critical situations. That's the best a person can ask for.
 A Higher Loyalty: Truth Lies and Leadership was a fantastic memoir, narrated by James Comey.  The memoir, spanning Comey's childhood to his post FBI days was not a bashing of the current political climate, rather more of a look back at Comey's life, his values and commitment to ethical leadership.  Fired in May of 2017 by the current President, Comey is often self-critical when he talks about his life and his career. It is clear, above all else, truth, integrity and respect for others were not just words for Comey, he lived by these values.<br/><br/>Much of this memoir was an eye opener. He was bullied as a child, the victim of an armed home invasion and, we are given insight to his early work ethic, college days, marriage, family and all of the key cases he was involved in throughout his career.<br/><br/>I was so impressed by Comey's writing and the book overall. I wasn't exactly sure how I would react to this book, hoping that it would not be strictly political -- it was not.  We listened to the audio on a recent road trip and it was fantastic. It's a memoir that actually made me tear up on one occasion and, even my husband thought it was one of the best memoirs he's experienced. The book is narrated by James Comey, his voice very pleasing and sincere.  I highly recommend this book!
 Although not thrilled that he threw Hillary under the bus, it is a well written book.
 Interesting book that gives insight to one man's thought process&gt; Hopefully he used his own advice and did not go rogue. It is one thing to know your defects and another to do something about them. BUT I feel he tried his best and is only a man. AFTER all we are one person on a spinning planet in a huge Universe. God, as we understand him, is in charge.
 I am surprised how much my husband and I are enjoying listening to the audible version. We are learning a lot about recent history.  Listening to this book has raised our levels of hope that justice will prevail over threats to morality and democracy.  Mr. Comey is an intelligent man who has thoughtfully given his career in service to America. He has a lot of inspiration in this book to share.
 James Comey does an Amazing Accounting and provides the truth of what REALLY happened. It is grabs you from the very first page and one will not want to put the book down, I highly recommend it and one will not be disappointed.
 The book was a good, was not great. It is important to understand why James Comey acted the way he did, and any reasonable person can understand and relate to his decisions. With his detailed writing, he succeeds in this. I learned lots of how the FBI works, and believe Comey was authentic in his writing.<br/><br/>I was disappointed in the vocabulary selection and overall sentence structure. The book, while detailed, was not well written. It reads like a first-time author writing a book, and maybe it should. I believe the James described himself as "worried", "numb", and "nauseous" too much.  I didn't feel as though he detailed his feelings as colorfully as he could have.
 was bought as a protest action. the author leaves too much unspoken and got my money = but sure doesn't have my vote for a trustworthy person.
 Well written narrative.  Interesting overview of Comey's childhood up through current day including issues related to the Clinton investigation, relationship with Loretta Lynch and the Trump presidency.
 This book was great. Read it! James Comey had a tough job where he had to make difficult decisions. He made them whole heartedly with only one thing on mind. The one thing on his mind was his country. A true leader and genuinely cared for his country. James Comey, thank you for making the hard decisions, being the leader you are, and most of all thank you for your service. You are not to blame for the careless decisions Hilary Clinton took. You were the law and had to enforce it. She broke it and you had to remain transparent. I'm with you 100% because you are a true patriot who only ever made decisions with Americans interest at heart. Thank you.
 excellent
 It was a long sob story of how life picked on Comey  and his self righteous attempts to overcome his demons.
 I was enraged during the events that transpired in 2016, fully in belief that Comey did this intentionally like so many other news pundits and commentators had led me to believe.<br/>I went into this on recommendation from a political friend, wondering how Coney would spin it. The first thing to know, its a memoir, so its a retelling,about himself and his thoughts, as it should. While I haven't yet finished the chapter regarding the Hillary Clinton emails on Anthony Weiners laptop, a part of me has been swayed about the events and has ultimately given me a new perspective on the toxicity of WashiByron and the unreliability of Congress and Senate while organizatkind, such as the FBI, are so valuable. A very interesting read if not to learn about the inner workings of the grinder machine through Comey's personal experience.
 Full of proven lies
 Not as good as hyped
 Once started, this book was hard to put down. Truth being one his themes, he talks about the importance of truth and of his own past failings and how he becomes the person he has become. He talks about the people who taught him leadership through their words and deeds. He talks about his experiences as a U.S. Attorney and in the FBI and the difficult decisions he had to make including, of course, the Clinton decisions. He talks about his relationships with the Presidents and he talks about things in his personal life that have shaped him into the person he is. After reading this book, I have a high regard for Mr Comey and I wish him well.
 Having read 'Collusion' and 'Russian Roulette' I was fairly familiar with this story, but Comey's book excelled in giving the 'background to the background'  -- the interplay of personal prejudices and political infighting.  Fascinating, and somewhat depressing.  Also, as a guide to decent ethics in a 'dog eat dog' working environment  it is a master class.  A worthwhile read.
 A very good book that gets better as it moves forward. Essentially a biography, a good portion is spent on Comey's early family life. Perhaps that could have been condensed. His legal career and years as deputy attorney General in the Bush administration are compelling. His strength is writing about his views of the Clinton email scandal as FBI director and hiss short tenure with the Trump administration. Excellent.
 I found this book very well written and easy to read. It goes through his life history with many of the lessons he learned along the way. I liked much of what he discusses about leadership. I learned some things about how our government operates. He takes his swipes at Trump at the end, which I expected. Overall an enjoyable book to read.
 Sanctimonious and self- serving, Comey sees everything through only his perspective and at the same time implies he’s a great leader.<br/><br/>Much of the book is about Comey’s career with a relatively short section on The Trump episodes (you only get to Trump in chapter 12 of 14). Mentiions too much about Trump’s alleged goings-on in a Moscow hotel room and fails (probably for legal reasons) to go into the collusion allegations enough.<br/><br/>The Clinton emails investigation and Comey’s announcement, that may well have swung the election, was incredibly badly handled by Comey. He doesn’t accept that of course, but says others may have handled it diffferently - which is as close as you’ll get to him admitting one of the biggest judgement failures for years.<br/><br/>There’s not much interesting in the book that wasn’t published in the papers.<br/><br/>A thoroughly unlikeable and priggish guy.
 Finally a book so well written his fans won’t be able to understand without help. Beautiful.
 Loved this book! Highly recommend the audiobook, as Mr. Comey is the narrator. It was very hard to listen to his reasoning for re-opening the email investigation, but he explains it well and, even though I would have preferred the outcome had been different, I have a better understanding of the rock and a hard-place that he was in. Very enlightening for us civilians. Love him or hate him, James Comey is an honest and honorable man.
 We really enjoyed this book.  Very straightforward and clears up a lot.  Most important is that is shows that the FBI operates in teams during investigations.  The announcements made by Comey were the results of the team and as Director he was in charge of the announcements-not the originator of them.  I am glad he wrote this and commend him for his service to the country
 Such a great read! I’m amazed that he’s a first time author. I felt like he did a great job of telling his story in a way that drew me in. Listening to the book in his own voice really made it exceptional. Couldn’t stop listening!
 I love the straightforward and clear style of Mr. Comey's writing.  He is a superb communicator.  Even above that, this book put me in the moment of the incredible events he describes:  I could feel the tension, experience the stunning surprise, live the day-to-day moments of a high-government official. . . . Most of all, I love the overarching story of Mr. Comey's life and his unmovable commitment to truth and the moral values we hold dear.  A great read.  One of my all-time favorite books.
 This book was excellent and extremely informative about the inner workings of some of the branches of our government. It was also quite eye opening with regard to our current president, Donald Trump.  I am grateful that there are still people like James Comey out there who have integrity and honesty and refuse to be compromised.
 A Higher Loyalty by James Comey begins with stories about himself as a child and leads us through his life and employment and the aftermath of his firing by Donald Trump. What could have been a dry and difficult book to navigate is an easy interesting read. I believe Mr Comey is an honorable man who loves this country. I do not agree with everything Mr Comey did, but I do understand his reasons.
 This was my first entry into audiobooks and I really enjoyed it. I liked James Comey's narration, which felt very natural and had a nice cadence. Besides the stories about the Clinton investigation and Trump, -which were the main draws- I was touched by the more personal aspects of the book, particularly the loss suffered by his family and the lessons he got from his early posts as an AUSA.
 James Comey clearly told it as he saw it. Firstly he revealed his upbringing and how that led to who he is today - a truthful man who lives by the letter of the law. As he describes all the legal matters he has professionally handled during his career, he always made the law his guide. He is a very intelligent man who this country still needs.
 Valuable for historical sake.  Coney is only the second FBI director to be fired.  The first was Jeff Sessions, a man that is unwavering in his support of our constitution.  Sessions was fired by Clinton because he wouldn’t back off of his investigations of the Clintons...  And now he has recused himself from the Trump/Russia investigation.
 Every story has more than one version. James Comey tells his side in a very believable way. I feel I understood American politics better after reading his book. James Comey comes across as honest and straightforward. He does not point blame, he merely tells his side of the truth. I highly recommend all to read this book regardless of their political affiliation. James Comey was between “a rock and a hard place” and did the best he could given what was forced upon him.
 I purchased the audible version. Initial hearing: “Whoah!, James Comey is actually reading his own words to me.”<br/>Subliminal messages, context clues, reading into analogies are easily noticed. This was no “taddle tail, elementary” read. Ch.9 hit home to me. James Comey is a well diversed gentleman. Committed to his oath, not the entitlement of an adolescent orange pigmented individual. That umpa loompa doesn’t know what calligraphy is!<br/><br/>Anywho, James Comey is brilliant, an honest professional. Thank you for enlightening your inquirers. I will be reading again.
 James Comey is a flawed man, but he admits it. He made poor decisions at times, but acknowledges that. His thoughts on the nature of good leadership are spot on. A good leader isn’t perfect, and is always trying to learn and be better. I hope people will read his thoughts and think about that.
 I gave it a 5 because it was a well-written account of Director Comey's personal experience. He shared his own faults in a confidant yet humble way. Jim Comey also showed how he used his own flaws to seek out a way to be a better person himself who has a higher loyalty. After reading his struggle, I have a lot more understanding of why he went public with the reopening of Hillary Clinton's email investigation. I just wish he had been more vocal about the investigation already underway about trump and his ties to Russia. However, I ended this book with renewed hope that our country will survive trump and his divisiveness.
 Purchased this on audio book, read by James Comey, who delivers a performance that's easy listening with conversational tone. Comey is a man who has become an unfortunate victim of the tribalization of government, but he tells a story here that reveals the thoughts of a man who, while perhaps did not make every decision in a perfect way, made them in an honest and well thought out manner. A good read that's a great reminder that having integrity in today's climate comes at a cost, but history will judge Comey well.
 Average book and I really expected way more from the former head of the FBI. I supported Hillary C and Mr Comey seems so seemingly full of himself in this book as he directed the charge to investigate “the phantom emails”. After reading this book I think Donald Trump maybe made the right call in firing him. He made mistakes....it seems he sure did ......and one is opening his heart, mind and style in this book. I can’t believe some of the so called facts mentioned in the book ; the number of her emails mentioned for example...thousands and then hundreds of thousands.....who has time to write or read or keep that many. Do the math. No doubt in my mind Mr Comey really screwed up in his “do the seemingly right thing beliefs”. He is most likely the number one person most responsible for the injustice of Mrs Clinton not becoming the first female President of the US and for weakening trust and respect  in our FBI organizations.
 An enjoyable book about an FBI Director who loves the United States and a President who loves only himself and always has.
 What a terrible book.  I am not writing this as a politically motivated bash of the author. I was very interested in learning about Comey's story and I was so disappointed by how poorly it is written.  It seems that this book was as much about Comey venting his vengeful commentary as it was about him telling his story.
 Very well written.  I believe every word.  Comey goes to great lengths to be fair and accurate.
 There is a lot more to this book than Comey's dealing with Trump. I found his background more interesting and also his views on Rudy Guiliani, the mob, and Martha Stewart. Much of this book is like being a fly on the wall during different administrations. Comey is a great story teller. I hope he writes another book. I like the style its written in and really enjoyed reading it.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read.  Mr. Comey is amazing.  If only everyone in Washington had his traits of honesty, integrity and truthfulness, we would not be in the state of chaos we are today.  The stories of his past were insightful and made him the honorable man he is today.  I now understand why he made the decisions he made and I feel he made the right decisions.  Thank you Mr. Comey for your honorable service.
 This book deserves 0 stars..  Comey is a hypocrite as evidenced by his description of handling the Russian and Clinton Investigations. He says he had no choice but to disclose reopening Clinton email investigation just before the 2017 Presidential election, but he refused to disclose the Russian investigation even with obvious facts in that case.  I guess he had no choice but to disclose that investigation even though it had obvious illegal activities going on,  His logic in these two disclosing is disturbing, illogical and criminal.  I think what is obvious in his decisions comes from the fact that he is a political contributor to Republican campaigns.  His actions obviously follow in that fact and his logic just justifies his action in that context.  It is also criminal he is profiting from these actions in his selling of this book.  This political operative should never have been over the FBI and he should be in jail.
 In this book, Comey clearly explains the details of the Clinton email investigation and his firing by Donald Trump. But this book is much more than that. As Comey describes his own life - struggles and achievements - he raises questions that all of us can relate to about right and wrong, integrity and making hard decisions. His writing style is engaging and takes you inside the FBI and White House to almost see and hear for yourself what it was like to interact with George W. Bush, Obama, Trump and many others. This book provides great insight into how government investigations work and unravels the confusing and tangled Comey firing story we've all heard about, but may not have fully understood.
 Fantastic book, compelling, easy read. MR. Comey, is a true American and I believe him when he speaks of the rule of law, truth, justice and fairness. I’m sorry he lost his job, from this crazy administration. Men with integrity like him are rare.
 Anyone nowadays can write a book, but not everyone is a great writer. He is! Those who complained about his physical descriptions of Trump, either didn't read the book or skipped over his descriptions of other people. A highly-skilled investigator knows how to observe, remember, and describe his subjects and surroundings. Reading his book gave me a better prospective and understanding of Mr. Comey and his actions.
 FULL DISCLOSURE As most any reader of my reviews knows, I am not a fan of the current POTUS. I was North Dakota Hillary Clinton delegate to the state convention and also was elected to preside over the national delegate selection committee. Still, I am reviewing the writing of this book, and will refrain from any thoughts I have regarding its impact on President Trump or on the Mueller investigation of any possible collusion.<br/><br/>As I prepared to write this review, I searched for the most apt quote. Instead of one, I found two that summarize James Comey’s take on serving in government:<br/><br/>‘Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good. - Joe Paterno<br/><br/>Demakis, Joseph. The Ultimate Book of Quotations (p. 466). Unknown. Kindle Edition.<br/><br/>A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers, and woods, but it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle. - George William Curtis<br/><br/>Demakis, Joseph. The Ultimate Book of Quotations (p. 387). Unknown. Kindle Edition.<br/><br/>After a too-long introduction, Comey recounts an experience he and his brother endured while quite young. The re-telling of this tale is riveting and indicative of a serious, thoughtful man that impressed me far more than any appearance he has made before congress or the media. I hope every reader will consider what young Comey went through, while going through a predicament that had him contemplating his own death twice, one evening. His frank discussion of his own weakness while confronting a thief is not what one would expect from a man now standing 6-foot eight-inches tall. To admit his cowardice and thoughts for self-preservation requires courage.<br/><br/>Most of the early pages read more as a memoir than as the anticipated, and hyped, expose on President Donald J. Trump. Are these pages necessary content? I will let others decide. The writing, however, is far more engaging than I expected. What is interesting is the life lessons the author flashes back on while a young attorney (idolizing Rudy Giuliani, initially, then learning of his hero’s demand for the spotlight at all cost), and then harking back to earlier lessons as a teen and as a college student. Often, I am put off while trying to track through shifts in time, back and forth, in the way this book wrenches us. With this story, though, it worked okay.<br/><br/>BLUSH FACTOR As with most modern books on politics and crime, there are a few profanities, so consider this while sharing with others. For me, though, the mention of such is notable because of the writer’s penchant, in public, to use such Boy Scout clean phrases as “Lordy” to substitute for more profane forms of exclamation. Still, I had no personal issues with the very few cuss words.<br/><br/>HOW &amp; WHERE SHOULD I READ THIS? I bought, both, the Kindle and the Audible version. I probably also will purchase the hard cover in time, for this is a book I want to refer to again and again. It is that prescient. However, the most gratifying version, for me, is the Audible copy, as it is narrated by James Comey, himself. While listening to him read his own words, I feel, I get a better sense of what he tried to communicate, and to his own character.<br/><br/>HOW MUCH CONTENT IS DEVOTED TO TRUMP &amp; COLLUSION? Basically, the first 40 percent of the book is devoted to other considerations, including memoir and such. So, if you’re looking for juicy stuff, be prepared to skip over the first half. As you do so, though, be aware that you will be missing the most entertaining, informative writing I’ve come across in recent years. At least as compared to other people who’ve served us in government.<br/><br/>I’ve probably already irritated many readers with so much discussion. Still, I felt my take might help others understand that this story is far more than a few salacious sound bites that critics have been repeating to us in the media. I mean, Comey’s life story is outstanding and the telling to us is far better written and more engaging than I ever anticipated.<br/><br/>EXCERPT<br/><br/>Patrice and I were planning to stay in Richmond forever. We had good public schools, and a nice and relatively inexpensive house in a safe neighborhood. After Collin’s death, we had a healthy baby girl in 1996 and added another in 2000. We would raise the five kids in Richmond. I would do work I loved. We were set. Then the country was attacked on 9/11, and my phone rang.<br/><br/>I was home from work one day in October 2001, watching the two youngest girls. Patrice was at church for the foundational meeting of a women’s group she was starting. She spoke inspiringly to the women about growing old together. But she couldn’t hear our phone ring from there. I heard it at home and answered. The man said he was calling from the White House because the president would like to know if I would be willing to return to Manhattan as the United States Attorney, the chief federal prosecutor. I assumed it was one of my hilarious friends, so I began to say, “Yeah, why don’t you kiss my a—” when the man cut me off, saying this was not a joke. President George W. Bush needed to appoint a new United States Attorney, there was something of a political logjam in New York over the pick, and they had decided I was the right person: I had worked in that office, I had done terrorism cases, and I would be acceptable to Democrats and Republicans. Would I do it?<br/><br/>It is difficult at this distance to capture the feeling of the fall of 2001, a time of unity and purpose and anxiety in the country. Of course I will do it, I replied, “but my wife’s not home right now. I will call you back if she has a problem.” I hung up the phone, abandoned my caregiving responsibilities, and went out to stand in the driveway to wait for Patrice, my heart pounding.<br/><br/>After what seemed like hours, she came driving up in our red Ford minivan. She got out, took one look at my face, and asked, “What’s wrong?”<br/><br/>“Nothing’s wrong,” I answered, standing in the driveway without my little girls. “A guy called from the White House and asked me to be the U.S. Attorney in New York.”<br/><br/>Her eyes started to well up. “You can’t say no.”<br/><br/>“I didn’t say no. But I told him I would call back if you had a problem.”<br/><br/>She began crying, her open hands covering her face. “I’m going back to New York. Oh my God, I’m going back to New York.”<br/><br/>We were going back to New York, where the World Trade Center site still smoked. I would lead 250 prosecutors with hundreds of cases, ranging from terrorism to violent crime to corporate fraud, including what would be one of the most high-profile cases of my career.<br/><br/>Patrice opened the minivan’s sliding door and the large ceramic plate that had held the bagels she took to church slid out. In a moment that was hard not to take as a prophetic metaphor, it shattered on the driveway.<br/><br/>Comey, James. A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership (pp. 48-49). Flatiron Books. Kindle Edition.<br/><br/>BOTTOM LINE<br/><br/>I was prepared for a letdown. And, due to the media blitz and concentration on how much detail the writer spent on Trump’s appearance, I was prepared to even offer negative thoughts. Upon reading it, and especially upon listening to James Comey read his own words, I have concluded that what James Comey experienced, and what James Comey has reported, is classic Donald Trump versus Government. Unfortunately, Trump now IS the government.<br/><br/>We are in for a rocky time.<br/><br/>Five stars out of five.<br/><br/>I trust readers of this review will offer up some advice as to what I did well, and what I did poorly in summarizing what I liked and what I did not like about this book. All viewpoints are respected and welcome, if provided in a similar vein.<br/><br/>Thank you so much for taking the time to consider my thoughts and, especially, for taking a moment to pass on your thoughts.
 Comey wrote this while the iron was hot to both attempt to justify himself and to offer his thinly disguised opinion of Trump. I probably should give some examples from the book, but I read it a while back and returned it to the library.<br/><br/>A worthwhile read, but proceed with some caution.
 There are some positive things I can say about this book.  Comey writes well.  The book is readable and holds your interest.  In the first 1/3  of the book I admired Comey and felt he may change my prejudged opinion of him.  He grew up in a normal, loving family and had rough school years because he was bullied. He told a number of things that made him seem sensitive and caring.  With regret he confessed to being a part of a group that bullied another student.  I do think he has a good family and he is a caring husband and father. BUT slowly things began to appear in the writing that made me say "Oh yes there is the real Comey."  I feel he is "on stage" all the time.  When Obama came into office one of the first things he did was take a stand for the unfair treatment of black men by law inforcement.  Although his brother law officers felt he treated them unfairly, Obama singled Comey out and gave  him a pat on the back .  He never minded being the front man, the spokes person, or the man to take the heat.  He has this in common with our President Donald Trump.  Comey seems to have an immature side.  Some of the changes he made at the FBI and some of this beliefs are down right juvenile.  He ordered joy in work and that you must love your family.  He ordered the reading of  Martin Luther King's " Letter from the Birmingham jail".  He also decreed that all agents read and learn the history of the FBI interaction with Martin Luther King.  All of this is good---not bad.  But remember who appointed Comey to his job....Obama.  I cannot believe that he felt this way from his heart but it came from the devious mind of James Comey.  The real James Comey showed up when he first interacted with Trump.<br/> Man! Did he do a job on Trump?  It is as though he had a long list<br/>of grievances and he started at #1 His tie is too long, #2 His eyes are puffy and have white rings, and on and on.  Comey said, "As I found  myself thrust into the Trump  orbit, I once again  was having flashbacks to my earlier career as a prosecutor against the mob."  I will close by saying I am not a Trumper ....BUT I am not a Comey fan either.  I cannot believe the many many people who let this guy pull the wool over their eyes.
 I find Comey’s book to be full of ego mixed with truth. I was skeptical at first when reading this book, but it’s an easy read, and considering today’s political climate, it just shines a spotlight on what’s wrong with 45’s presidency. Comey paint himself as a largely moralistic figure, but also acknowledges his flaws as well as his ego. I do find him credible as well as his claims, but be warned that he does come off as a little holier than thou at times which slows down the reading. Other than that, worth the cost.
 I found this book to be informative, regarding Mr. Comey's side of the story. It also made me far more empathetic to his position, regarding some of the gut wrenching decisions he had to make, because he explains why he made them. This book will definitely not appeal to polarized groups on either side of the isle, but if you're somewhere in the middle I'd give it a read. If nothing else, it's a peak behind the curtain of hardball politics.
 i wanted to get the “whole picture” and this book and Mr. Comey’s wonderful writing style answered all my questions. Thank you for a great book!
 This is an excellent book that explains to the reader how government works. Yes, he does bash Trump, but not until the last 25% of the book. I believe the author is an honorable man and I appreciate that he told his story.
 I bought this book to try to figure out why Mr. Comey caused the confusion with the Clinton emails. I feel he explained the situation well and also feel he was in a very difficult situation. I appreciate the men and women in the FBI and all those that serve their coutry with honestly and integrity and  bipartisanship. I wish Mr. Comey and his family well and thank him for his service to this country.
 Hearing Comey's name thrown around so much in the news over the past couple of years, I figured that it would be good to hear his side of the story. He writes excellently, revealing a man of character. It was so interesting to learn more about the behind the scenes of things that happened during his time in public service, plus I walked away with a lot of lessons on leadership that I won't soon forget. I came home one night, knowing I needed to eat a quick dinner and go to bed, so I made some toast and picked up my reading, and before I knew it, fifteen minutes of reading had turned into an hour because I wanted to finish this book so badly. An unexpected page turner and joy to read.
 Comey is a self proclaimed victim of bullies in school. While hard to imagine he may well have been a gentle giant to his bully peers. But once he grew up and starts to share his experiences in the justice system, it's hard to see mesh the young with the older.<br/>Writing is at best ok and somewhat entertaining. I didn't finish the book. Moved on to something much more interesting; Fascism by Madelyn Albright
 No responsible, ethical or discerning citizen of this democracy should ever cast another vote, without enlightening themselves with this gripping, heartfelt memoir of modern Washington politics.
 The author is a liar
 I kept listening to all the news shows and talk shows just being deeply critical about this book, then listening to most of them admitting they hadn't read it. It was fascinating! I find him to be honest and forthcoming. Like Mr. Comey says, just read it.
 Agree or disagree with Comey about his politics, his decision in the Hilary emails, his attitude and interactions with Trump, his fealty to a higher calling and power rather than his own is clearly manifest in his book. We need more public servants Ike James Comey. We need more decent men and women like him in every community.
 Mr. Gmail’s judgement and opinions are detrimental to American politics
 I didn't know what to expect and was very surprised on how much I enjoyed this book.  I bought the audio version and I was so engrossed in the content that I missed my exit home. It was an extra 30 minute drive but I didn't mind since it gave me an opportunity to continue to listen to this incredible story. Comey narrates this book and it adds to the authenticity of the content.  His humor, the quotes he cites from leaders are memorable.  I highly recommend this book.
 Fantastic stories and perspective.  Every leader or aspiring leader should read this.  The insights given are valuable. Doing moral work should bring joy. An excellent concept.
 I think anyone who reads this book will realizes that we owe Mr Comey a huge debt of gratitude for his service to our country and for writing this book.
 I've been familiar with James Comey since the George W. Bush presidency. It was very enlightening to hear his stories coming from a Manhattan prosecutor to serving at the pleasure of three presidents. He goes into deep detail of his involvement in very notable cases over the years such as Martha Stewart, Scooter Libby, and Secretary Hillary Clinton. Most will be interested in this book because of his investigation of Secretary Clinton, and the professional and personal struggles that came with such during the 2016 US election season. However you will come away knowing how much public service, integrity, and ultimately what higher loyalty meant to him.
 I was a fan of Hillary's and was saddened when she lost, and at that time, concluded James Comey was a Republican who was trying to undermine the Dems.  But I was intrigued as to why Comey then also was critical of Trump, and bought this book to understand.  This autobiographical account of Comey's career and the difficulty of making decision calls is a page turner, bringing the reader into the rooms where it happened.  This covers his time at the DOJ and FBI over several administrations, handling cases of the mafia, Martha Stewart, Valerie Plame, NSA wiretapping the Clinton emails and his interactions with Donald Trump.  It is then tied together with his philosophy of leadership.  After reading this book, I understood why he released the information about Hillary when he did, and why he held back from releasing information about Trump until after his presidency.  I am struck by how difficult it is for public servants to have their messages communicated to the press accurately, particularly if issues are nuanced.  I did not know he had taken such a hit in salary to leave a reputable firm because of his love of public service, and am saddened that the US lost such a great leader.  Definitely buy this book if you want to understand, learn a thing or two about leadership, and get the inside scoop.
 SAME OLD POITICS WITH A BADGE.
 A concise expose on the life to date of a respectful, intelligent and qualified leader of our times, James Comey. Truly riveting until the last word. I wish him well and continued success throughout his life. Thank you for writing this book Mr. Comedy.
 I was impressed by Mr Comey’s honest view of the historical events.  I think I can say “honest” Since he provides lots of places and people he captured or confided in what happened.  I read this book and again felt sad the republic must go through this - but was encouraged we will survive this as we have so much.  Thank you Director Comey.
 Thank God for people like James Comey. When the Trump nightmare is over, maybe a good and decent president can convince him to return to public service.
 Writing review for my 89 year old mother.  Bought for her and she just finished it. She loves to read and this is the first book in a year that she just could not get away from  She just keeps saying it is so good.  So interesting.
 Told as it happened.  A voice crying out -- what have we Done to our democracy?  A true patriot!
 This book taught me. It made me laugh out loud. And, it reminded me of the greatness and the ugliness of human beings. I think James Comey is truly a man of integrity. Indeed, he is hope that there are still people in government that are here to stand for something, no matter if it makes risking much.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this memoir of a man working very hard to make the world a better place. I'm impressed with James Comey's thoughtfulness, ethics and values--and relieved that the most recent current events occur in the last few pages of the book. His cases and concerns prior to that are fascinating.
 Admit Nothing, Deny everything, Make Counter Accusations<br/>It's their ethos.  They don't care about the country; they give shxxxt about citizens; they only care about themselves.  They may have money, they may have power but they are lowlifes of all.
 Wow! Just wow! For someone who is just becoming current in politics (me over the last 2 years) and reading for an education, I have learned how to decipher opinion from fact. And this book contains both. Its an honest recollection of well sourced, well documented experiences in Comey’s life and is so inspiring, I just can’t stop thinking about him. He’s not perfect, but he sure tries to be. He’s a true pillar of rationality and humanity. I believe his account because I have read other books reviewing the same events, and the accounts all match up. Wonderful and inspiring autobiography.
 I found this book to be very boring.  Coney repeats himself over and over again making it difficult to hold my interest.<br/>I would not recommend  this book.
 I had heard much about this book but didn't get to it 'till now because I was so far down the wait list.  Mr. Comey seemed to be honestly accounting events and sincerity wanting to preserve the integrity of the FBI.  Self-serving it is not an apt adjective for this retelling.  A must read for all.
 Regardless of your politics, this is a fascinating review of the inner workings of the U.S. federal government. It is also somewhat of a biography of an incredibly successful person. Great read on both levels.
 I am glad that I have read the book. Now I know that most of the people interviewed about this book, have not read it or they have some agenda.<br/>I am not saying that the author was perfect in his decisions but I can see the direction he was coming from.
 Great leadership insights, well presented historical events, not only from the authors perspective but from the leadership and ethical ones. It presents the challenges and dilemas that an ethical leader faces. Excellent tips on how to inspire and include the people within an organization.
 Very true opening on how government works and how people in power behave. How your integrity is yours alone and you must stand by it even if it costs you your lovely hood
 An excellent book....answered a lot of questions.. Offers great insight into government , 3 Presidents...Now I  understand why he made the Clinton announcement a week before the election. His observation that Trump will have a great deal of trouble retaining qualified people is prophetic....
 I Hope and PRAY, James will dedicate the remainder of his life/career to influence folks just like him to seek Public Office in all of our Government Jobs... It's very apparent a large majority of our representatives are BOUGHT And Paid For, by BIG MONEY...  Just watch their VOTES ! ! !
 I learned a lot from this book about what integrity  means, how we all must stand tall and resist the dumpster fire that is this administration. I learned more about the previous presidents than I knew before. To anyone who's curious about Mr. Comey, this is the book to read. It's written from the heart. And although his decisions have angered many on both sides of the aisle, I know  that the decisions were  made after careful consideration and much advice. I feel more confidant about this man than ever before. If you like human interest stories, you'll love this book.
 This book help move the needle from pessimism to hope. Waking up one morning to learn who was president was like an unbelievable bad dream; how could this happen: are there no decent honest people who” do the right thing”left.<br/>I knew little of Mr.Comey; it brings optimism to know that there are people in Washington and in government who go to work every day with basic human values that are the basis of our country.
 I enjoyed learning more about Mr Comey’s career and particularly appreciated reading about the events and encounters in his early life that helped shape him.<br/><br/>This book is not about Trump - despite all the noise about it, this part is insignificant.<br/><br/>This is a book about values, written by an honest man.
 This book is not an expose'. It is a memoir and memoirs, by their very nature, tend to be self-serving.  So I promised myself I wouldn't enrich a self-serving author by buying his book.  Still, I was curious, so when I saw it on a library shelf I said "Why not." A Higher Loyalty is thoughtful and well-written. It is not a personal attack on President Trump as much as a seminar on the American system of government told through the eyes of a man who has worked in both the public and private sector, and chose civil service as his life's work, not for the money, but for the satisfaction of serving his country. As a federal prosecutor as well as Director of the FBI Mr. Comey relates his experiences in such diverse trials as the Martha Stewart case, terrorists torture investigations, National Security Agency surveillance techniques, Hillary's e-mails, and, finally,  the Russian Probe, to illustrate the need for a balance of power within our government, as well as the necessity for an independent judiciary. Although it is impossible to occasionally let his personal feelings come through, Mr. Comey comes off as a man who did not let political bias get in the way of meting out justice in a fair and impartial manner. It is a fascinating look behind the curtain of our government at work that I believe was presented in a fair and honest manner. Every American should read this book, even if they have to spend money on it.
 I am very pleased that I read this book.  Too much played over the media that was confusing.  I like Mr. Comedy’s style of writing.  It is as honest and straight forward as he is.  Well worth the read.
 I don't think he could have written this, without having a great deal more integrity than his boss has. I am no fan of the FBI but it will surely deteriorate without his kind of quality leadership. Turn off Fox news and read it and judge it for yourself.
 Thoughtfully written. Comey is intelligent and has the ability to write (and narrate) his side of the events in a fashion that everyone can understand. He gives so much insight into the events that happened. A must listen for every American. His narration skills completely impressed me.
 An honest reading of a "A Higher Loyalty" demands that the reader examine herself/himself closely before making pronouncements about the book or James Comey.  Don't rely on anyone else's assessment of the book. Read it yourself if you aren't irretrievably partisan. Don't read the book if you aren't prepared to squirm at least once or twice at your own confirmation biases and in a few places where Comey may overgeneralize from his own experiences to the nature of human beings in general. And be prepared to squirm because Comey, who recognizes and forewarns readers about his imperfections, may not be entirely off the mark in places where he may overgeneralize.
 I enjoyed hearing this side of the story .  It's heartwarming to hear the truth .
 Insightful. Great read
 Fantastic book. Insightful, reflective, thoughtful, and much more interesting than I thought it would be (even the early stories). A little self-righteous at times, but if you're an FBI director, that's a strength not a weakness. And, he's earned it. Despite the 2016 election and the subsequent Trump Circus, Comey's legacy will be remembered as a great one.
 This book gave me a better insight to Mr. Comey, his career,and why he took the actions he took regarding Hillary Clinton. I respect him more know than ever.  I highly recommend this book.
 James Comey's account of his time in the U.S. government is very readable and thoughtful.  He explains events as he saw them at the time that they were happening and does not try to rewrite history to come out a hero.  It was a refreshing read.
 There is an inherent conflict between confidence (ego) and altruism.  In positions that carry great power and demand great leadership, altruistic behavior can be mistaken as being self-servicing and "holier than thou" behavior.  Mr. Comey is like all of us, he is human and human's make mistakes.  However, when this book is taken as a whole, if most people in this nation embodied a fraction of the motivations of Mr. Comey and the sacrifices he and his family have made for this Country we would truly "Make America Great Again", especially observing the societal deterioration we have experienced over the past couple of years.  Mr. Comey, thank you for sharing, it does matter.
 I enjoyed this listen. I learned a lot of background information I hadn’t known before.  It doesn’t bash others, but thoughtfully, and consistently reviews what role the FBI has in the US.
 If you're on the fence about James Comey, this book is a must.  Comey proves to be an outstanding source of facts regarding a number of important issues, clearly proving what a monster Trump is to America and our system of justice.  Comey's insight is brilliant, factual and rings true.
 James Comey delivered a very good book and gave us disturbing insights of the political world. If he is half the man he described himself, he is man enough. Congrats for this amazing book.
 A working class class act. What a life story. The view from the shoulders of a giant.
 I am not a fan of James Comey's politics. But I do believe that he served with integrity. I don't have to agree with someone to respect them.
 It was important to me to purchase this book. I appreciate the information and  I admire James Comey
 Very Interesting!<br/><br/>He presided over several well know cases (Martha Stuart, worked under Galiani, Clinton emails, dealings with Trump early in presidency). The dealings with Trump are relevant to items in the news as of today.
 I liked it. But it also scary how our government works and how dysfunctional Washington is . No matter of wealth or status. A poor man with dignity and love and respect for others will gain more respect. Mr.Comey is a descent man with class and morals. Thank you ! Mr.Comey.
 I have read Hillary's, Obama's and Bush's books and this book by Comey is bar far the best. It's entertaining, educational and disturbing. Comey explains what happened and his thoughts for each situation. I obsolutely loved this book. I didn't want to turn it off several times and sat in my car listening till the next chapter.
 I once overheard someone snarkily characterize former FBI Director James Comey as a “mentally-challenged Boy Scout,” which roughly translates into a backhanded praise for his integrity that in the same breath harshly condemns his judgment. Some might argue that Comey wrote A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership—which is all at once a memoir, a testimonial, and a jeremiad against Trumpworld—in an attempt to prove that statement true.<br/> Poor James Comey: a man with a lifetime of service to the nation in increasingly responsible roles, who frequently stepped in and around and through political boundaries without taint, finds himself now a disgraced outsider vilified by both ends of the political spectrum, for—of course—starkly different reasons. As he made the talk-show rounds coinciding with the book release, and pundits chewed over excerpts that styled Trump as akin to a Mafia Don, Comey was not unexpectedly subjected to every ridiculous calumny from the right, branded a “liar and a leaker,” and preposterously sketched as a clandestine Democratic mole seeking to further the interests of—of all people—Hillary Clinton! The left, on the other hand, welcomed the message but not the messenger, and the author saw himself roundly reviled not only for his outsize ego but for what was seen as embarrassing pot shots at Trump’s physical appearance that would otherwise rouse guffaws with the same audience if uttered by Bill Maher or John Oliver—or just about anyone except James Comey.  It seems that Comey has left a lingering bad taste in the mouth of most Democrats, many who hold him at least partially responsible—with perhaps good reason—for the devastating election results. James Comey has found himself as a kind of man without a country.<br/> Any decent autobiography written these days would have to include at least a dose of self-deprecatory remarks (with the exception of something written by Trump himself, of course, a man unfamiliar with authentic self-examination), but in A Higher Loyalty Comey makes a religion out of this tack, sparing the reader absolutely no detail of every case—at least in his formative years—when he failed to measure up to his own ideals.  When as a boy, he and his brother are held at gun point by a home invader (who might or might not be an infamous serial rapist targeting their older sister) it is Comey who is paralyzed with fear, while his younger brother urges pursuit of their captor after he flees. In school, Comey—not yet the intimidating 6’8” giant a growth spurt later grants him—is often bullied. The reader waits in vain for that epic moment in fictional narratives when the harried victim finds the courage to confront the bully; in this case that moment never arrives. Later, as he grows stronger and more confident, he brags about his uncertain athletic prowess and finds himself acting abusive to the weaker and less confident of his schoolmates, the classic case of the bullied transformed into the bully. Looking back, he expresses shame at his behavior.<br/>These episodes make painful reading, especially since Comey is not a very good writer. In fact, much of his book reads like it was penned by someone proficient in composing dull FBI reports and legal briefs who has just recently taken a creative writing course. But there is little doubt that these raw confessions of his own shortfalls certainly burnish his reputation for honesty and integrity.  Let’s face it: only a true Boy Scout would ever willingly reveal stories like this about his own life.<br/>Comey does find his courage later, in somewhat remarkable circumstances. But first he went on to a distinguished legal career with highlights that included a stint working for the showboating Rudy Giuliani prosecuting the Mafia in high-profile cases, a role as deputy special counsel to the Senate Whitewater Committee, and as the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, where he served as lead prosecutor for the securities fraud case against Martha Stewart. Comey pauses in the narrative, by the way, to make the point that it was lying to an FBI agent and obstruction of justice that landed Stewart a jail sentence rather than a slap on the wrist, something he urges the reader to dwell upon.<br/>Comey’s moment comes while serving as Deputy Attorney General in the post-911 administration of George W. Bush, with an NSA domestic surveillance program sanctioning warrantless searches code-named “Stellar Wind” that was based upon dubious legal grounds. Comey’s opposition to the program found few friendly ears within the administration. With Bush’s blessing—seemingly anything was permissible in the so-called “War on Terror”—Vice President Dick Cheney led the charge to ride roughshod over concerns of the Justice Department and renew Stellar Wind. At a critical juncture, Attorney General John Ashcroft collapsed with a medical emergency. In a dramatic scene that might have been plucked out of a modern reboot of a Frank Capra flick, Comey rushed to Ashcroft’s hospital bed just in time to intercept White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card and White House counsel Alberto Gonzales, who arrived to pressure the stricken Ashcroft to sign off on the program’s renewal. Comey’s intervention saved the day and Stellar Wind was not reauthorized.<br/>Comey had another opportunity to make an impact upon policy, this time with his opposition to torture, euphemistically rebranded as “enhanced interrogation techniques.” Comey clearly objected on both moral and legal grounds, but was unsuccessful in converting key officials to his point of view. He also found himself even more of an outsider now that Ashcroft had been replaced by Gonzales as the new Attorney General, and he eventually left government service. The reader, impressed by his principled stand, cannot help but be disappointed by his failure to protest louder and to a wider audience. On the other hand, Comey relates both of these episodes with the same kind of “Just the facts, ma’am,” dispassion as Joe Friday on Dragnet, never pausing to pat himself on the back for standing up and voicing his objections—even to the President of the United States—which again underscores his commitment to integrity.  It also reminds the reader that in retrospect, Trump had no idea who he was dealing with.<br/>After eight years in the private sector, Comey admits that he was caught by surprise when President Obama nominated him to head the FBI. Privately, he identified as Republican, had served the Bush Administration, and had not voted for Obama. In July 2013, with strong bipartisan support, he was confirmed near-unanimously by the Senate to a full ten-year term as FBI Director. As Comey reveals, he more than once found himself surprisingly humbled by the grace, candor and humility of Obama, even when called into the Oval Office because he was on the opposite side of the President on the issue of police-mandated bodycams, in the wake of a national epidemic of shooting deaths of African Americans by law enforcement.  As he tells it, rather than scolding him for his public remarks, Obama calmly tried to persuade him to examine another perspective. It remains understated in the narrative, but there is a clear implication that Comey holds Obama up as the model for Chief Executive, far more favorably than Bush—and certainly Trump. The episode with the bodycams, however, also points to what comes to be a series of misjudgments by Comey when speaking out publicly on issues that the FBI Director should have known would spark controversy. It also suggests an awkward tendency to seek the spotlight precisely at the most inopportune moments.<br/>Most Americans never heard of James Comey until the day that—following a year-long investigation into Hillary Clinton’s alleged improper use of a personal email server while Secretary of State—he took the unprecedented step of publicly announcing an FBI recommendation to the Department of Justice. With the cameras whirring, Comey advised against an indictment, arguing that "no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case," while yet editorializing that Clinton’s behavior was "extremely careless.” Comey’s conclusion—but more specifically his approach, which included what many viewed as gratuitous remarks—sowed further division in an already highly charged and politically polarized environment, and left a cloud over Clinton’s orbit that she could never outpace. That cloud darkened considerably when just a week before the election—in perhaps the most bombshell “October surprise” in American political history—Comey announced that the investigation would be reopened based upon newly uncovered emails on former congressman Anthony Weiner’s laptop. Although Clinton was officially cleared by Comey two days before Election Day, enough damage was done for many analysts—and the candidate herself—to conclude that Comey’s action tipped the scales to deliver a surprise win to Donald Trump. In the book, Comey painstakingly revisits his decision-making process, and pronounces his course of action in each instance—which many would deem at best naïve, and at worst reckless—as the most appropriate alternative under the circumstances.  Others might reckon this Boy Scout falling far short of any merit badge for sound judgment.<br/>Only a small slice of A Higher Loyalty is devoted to Comey’s brief tenure with Trump, who treats him as a lackey and demands a loyalty of a different sort. Given Comey’s candor thus far, and the fact that there is nothing substantial to contradict his version of events in any other venue, there is no reason to suspect Comey is being less than honest about what occurred in his private meetings with President Trump, although once more judgement—or lack thereof—is brought into focus. Clearly, Comey—suspicious of the President’s motives and skeptical of his intentions—was deeply uncomfortable sitting down with Trump absent witnesses, yet he went forward on more than one occasion, despite his misgivings. To his credit, he does ask Attorney General Jeff Sessions to block further one-on-one interactions. Out of context, Comey’s mob metaphors might seem to verge on hyperbole, but when he describes his specific interactions with the President, it is fully understandable that the man who was once integral to the prosecution of the New York Gambino crime family would note disturbing parallels sitting across the table from a man like Trump, who seems unconcerned with national interests while instead consumed with his own. And the reader cringes as Comey recounts how the President repeatedly brings up—and vehemently denies—unsubstantiated reports that he participated in “water sports” with Moscow hookers.<br/>After much soul-searching, Comey may have given himself a pass for his public actions on the Clinton email investigation, but he hardly rested easy with its implications, confessing in testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee on May 3, 2017 that "It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some impact on the election."  This was apparently a final straw for Trump—already furious that Comey would not commit to drop an investigation into fired National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, nor publicly absolve Trump of Russian collusion in the election—who dismissed him a week later in a flamboyant move that included the public humiliation of learning that he was fired from TV screens flickering behind his audience while addressing agents at the Los Angeles Field Office. The President then went so far as to chastise Deputy Director Andrew McCabe for daring to permit Comey to fly home on government aircraft. (McCabe himself was also later fired, on the very eve of his retirement.)<br/>Whatever cruel pleasure the President may have derived from his game show orchestration of Comey’s termination must have been short-lived. Trump’s own admission in a televised interview that he fired Comey because he would not let go of the Russia investigation only cemented suspicions of all but the most committed of the President’s disciples that there was in fact a real “there” there, prompting the appointment of Special Counsel Robert Mueller by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, himself a Trump-appointee. A full year of administration attempts to discredit Comey, Mueller and even Rosenstein has failed to derail the investigation, which has proved dogged and leak-proof.<br/>There has been much buzz about Fire and Fury, Michael Wolff’s freewheeling account of the Trump White House that has been embraced by the left, even though the author has admitted to playing fast and loose with some of his facts.  Wolff’s book may be more entertaining and—as has been said of Herodotus—if it’s not all true, it should be. But Comey’s book, which is often dull and is marred by poor writing, is nevertheless the more important read. For all of the many flaws—of both the author and his book—A Higher Loyalty is a testament to an old-fashioned commitment to truth and integrity that, while hardly glamorous, used to be something we Americans cared deeply for.  I read it because I wanted to be convinced that Comey was telling the truth. I find myself convinced.  Comey no doubt sits waiting for Mueller’s final report to vindicate him. And whether the President likes it or not, much of America waits with him.
 Loved this book. First book in a long time that I couldn't put down.
 Given the candid, self-disclosing, mature and balanced way in which Comey describes his fascinating and disturbing journey, it should be difficult to imagine readers responding to this book in a partisan manner. But that so many doubtless have and will says all that needs saying about how low we’ve sunk.
 It was a little preachy in parts but overall interesting read. I liked hearing about his time as District Attorney and some of the cases he worked on. There is also a bit of humor which I enjoyed. Good suggestion from a friend who knows me well!
 A wonderful addition to my fast growing collection of non fiction books about how pathetic our President is. Well done!
 Realizing there are two sides to every story, Mr. Comey's book provided just enough information about his family to substantiate his personal beliefs and support system outside his working environment.  I'm left with an open mind and eagerness to persuade others to seek details behind the news headlines.
 Reasonably cry babyish.  Stopped after first part.
 James Comey reminds us of the how important the historical values of truth and integrity are in supporting the Constitution’s promise of liberty and justice. And, his main point is that the DoJ and FBI must be independent and non-partisan to fulfill their purpose. He’s hopeful that the damage done by the Trump Administration’s corruption and lying will be corrected eventually. Not all readers, I think, will share his confidence.
 Effective narration, interesting story. Touches on much more than the 2016 election, in fact, most of the book is about the author's life and the FBI, NOT the election, NOT Trump or Hillary, etc. Thoroughly enjoyable and enlightening read.
 I'm finding this book to be much more interesting than I anticipated. James Comey is actually a decent writer. Regardless of whether you agree or disagree with his actions, it's worth a read. It's as if he's taking you for a walk in his shoes. By the end of the book, you will have evaluated what you would have done in his position many times over.<br/><br/>Also, I have the companion audio. He's narrating, and he's not doing a bad job there either.
 I could listen to this on a loop over and over. Working as a public servant for most of my career it makes me wish I could buy one of these for every member of our staff. I not only bought the book and read it, I bought this as an audio book to listen. I love, love, love this book. I have much respect for the level of loyalty James Comey commits to integrity.
 James Comey tried to do what is right but was thwarted at every turn by the president and others.  I'm so glad to know there are still some honest people in Washington.
 Greasy fingerprints on the dust jacket.... Seriously?  Not happy with this.<br/>EDIT: Well, the fingerprints were not 'greasy'; they were dry. It's like they formed when the the soft, suede-like material of the jacket was wet or warm. Luckily the book was a favor pick-up for a relative and not a gift.
 Honestly, it reads like an interesting story - ranging from near death experiences to hilarious life lessons to the mob - vs. what I assumed would be a dry homage to public service and law emforcement.
 A timely primer of the machinations of our political and justice systems written by a "true" Patriot!  Written by<br/>by of all things......a Republican with a soul!
 This book kept me entertained over and over again.  I loved the overall theme.  I love the general sentiment that we're not perfect but should aim for perfection.  I hope people who enjoy history take the time to read and those with leadership drive to read and absorb this man's perspective.
 Well written. Thoughtful. Engaging and at times, funny. Well worth my time and money.<br/>I listened to this one and recommend highly.<br/>He narrates and has a great voice.
 I could not put this book down.  Every life lesson is here: ethics, truth, blind loyalty, philosophy and politics.  Comey writes a brilliant life story.
 A courageous and patriotic tale. Enjoy a great read.
 This book is something of a memoir and very readable. Mr. Comey, former FBI director recently fired by Trump, first describes his early life and career: the people who molded his character, bosses who showed good leadership skills, the tragic loss of an infant son, how and why he got into law and law enforcement. In prior positions he investigated Mafia bosses in New York under mayor Giuliani, and he was involved in the Martha Stewart case, which he compares to the overblown matter of Hillary Clinton's emails. Most importantly he explains for the lay person the complexities of the law that every agency faces in enforcing it. I was thoroughly persuaded upon finishing the book that James Comey is a straight-arrow, devoted to the unbiased rule of law and the independence of those institutions that must uphold it - all of which underscores his fear for these institutions at the hands of the radical right wing under a president who models a crime boss. To make any sense of the inflammatory news during this dark time, of the precedents broken, of all that we stand to lose, this book is a must read.
 I’ve only made it to chapter 5 so far because the author is, well, not a very good writer. I expected more from the former head of the FBI. Was there such a rush to publish, and such a high demand for what is apparently reserved to the last few chapters, that the publisher did not bother to assign an editor? It reads like a high school rough draft.
 It is particularly valuable to read how Comeys decisions were made back to the time of Ronald Reagan. His decision to release information on H Clinton very late in the game makes more sense.
 I bought the audio book and loved hearing it in Comey's own words.  This book helped me understand much of what I heard in the news but at a much deeper level of understanding.  But it also taught me a lot about Mr. Comey and why he did what he did and how and when he did it.  A definite must read IMO.
 Well written, thoughtful, and concise<br/>Shows insights into the power struggles that are a daily occurrence in government. Also shows that most high school students have a better grasp of how our government works then the sitting president.<br/>Anyone would be honored to work for this man.
 Very uninteresting information thru-out the book on Comey. No inside info as advertised, on the inerworkings of the whitehouse and Trump<br/><br/>Public mislead on the contents
 Comey reinforces the values and high ethical and moral standards that we all claim to adhere to - but these standards  are not being upheld by today's political parties.  Silence to wrongdoing is complicity. Truth and  justice are cornerstones of our democracy which will ultimately survive with the actions of more brave individuals...But at what cost.
 I loved this book. A page turner from the start. Did not realize he had been involved in taking down the Mafia in New York or that he was the one that decided to prosecute Martha Stewart for lying to federal investigators about insider trading. I also really enjoyed his insight about ethics and leadership. I hope he runs for president!
 Whatever your political affiliation, Comey's book is worth your time. It doesn't reveal a lot of previously unknown secrets, but rather traces the experiences and thoughts of an individual at the center of multiple controversies. It is sometimes funny, sometimes touching, and always thoughtful.
 Kudos to an honest man, who eloquently relates details, and conversations, concerning his pivotal job as FBI Director.  Mr. Comey, thank you for your honesty and your service!
 Liked reading this book because it gave a glimpse of the intricacies of governing while trying to deal with abuse of power.  There is no quibbling over fact or fiction in this account of the early months of 2017....  Comey remained solid while Trump tried to make Mafia type deals with him. The descriptions of the White House and Trumps behavior is riveting and sadly one can only wonder why Trump has any support at all.
 Comey came across as a straightforward and principled public servant.  Admitted his mistakes and regrets but also  laid out why he did what he did for both the Hillary case and his relationship with Trump.
 This is told from Mr. Comey's perspective and it an inside testimony to what is undeniably wrong with this president.  Very well written.  Interesting.
 James really seems like a stand up guy, that he tried to do the right things even if it was going to make him look like the bad guy. Thanks for sharing your story
 Anyone who is interested in ethical government and moral leadership should read this book.  Our country cannot be the leader of the free world if we deny truth and tolerate corruption.
 I bought and read the ebook.  It is an excellent book about being an ethical leader, regardless of your party affiliation.
 A man who served honestly under several Presidents gives an enlightening explanation of events from his many years in public service. Thank you Mr. Comey
 Well written and good summary of what happened over the years.<br/><br/>An enjoyable read.  Would like to have known about future plans.
 This is a very interesting book. It held my attention and didn't take me very long to read as I couldn't put it down. Finished it in a couple of days.
 I was incredibly angry at Comey until I read his book. Now I see him as a person in a no win situation. I also believe him to be honorable and ethical.
 This book was extraordinary and a must read.
 James Comey remains a controversial figure for both sides, to be sure. I'm convinced that he's lived his entire life, however, with the kind of integrity and truthfulness that pond scum like @realDonaldTrump wouldn't even recognize as being virtues. Thank Goodness that a few people like Comey (e.g., Robert Mueller, etc.) remain in positions of power, and will eventually remove Trump and his Fascist stain from American government and society.
 I can’t believe I wasted energy reading this trash. The integrity that The author espouses is totally missing in his writing.
 I was impressed that James Comey has devoted the majority of his life in the pursuit of justice, ,while Donald Trump is only interested in financial gain.
 A great book, enjoyed Comey's life story and he's views.  Trump is indeed a sad and comical character.  So much like Robert Culp in The Pelican Brief.
 I enjoyed this book much more than I expected to. Comey narrates it himself, and I found it both interesting and credible. It does not sugar-coat things and does not seem overly slanted.
 This book is a must read...something we should all strive to live by...a higher loyalty to truth!!!
 Not the best book I've read of late. I enjoyed some of the early chapters dealing with Comey's high-profile criminal cases. The tail end of the book deals with Comey's limited interactions with Trump but most of that I'd already read or heard in the media so I found nothing particularly revealing there. A tremendous amount of the core of the book was what I would describe as Comey delineating his thoughts on leadership roles, which I found rather mundane.
 I could barely put it down, and when I finished it, I only wanted more....extremely interesting.....almost makes me want to join the FBI!<br/>Surprisingly well-written and engaging. Definitely recommended.
 James Comey, you are an inspiration to all. Your honesty and honor are what we should all aspire.This book brought to life who you really are and not what Trump has tried to prevail on us. I salute you. Bravo!
 I had heard a lot about this book from news media but was so impressed to see it was so much more than the past 2 years. It was an autobiography of one of the most honest and ethical people i have ever read about. I recommend this book to all Americans.
 Eye opening and candid. A must read for anyone wanting to grasp the intricacies of what is going on in Washington.
 This book is so much more than the details about Donald Trump. His early life &amp; life in law enforcement is what makes this book so interesting. Highly recommend!
 The book takes the reader through the growth of a man, his attainment of and execution of proper leadership, and sacrifices made to keep truth in the light where it has power to change things for the better. I am a better person for having read this book.
 This was a well-written and thoughtful book even though I still don’t accept Comey’s justification of his decisions regarding Hillary Clinton. There was no excuse for what he did. However, I enjoyed reading about Comey’s growing up, his family, and his career. His book was informative and interesting. I would definitely recommend this book.
 Really liked this audiobook. Having it read in his voice makes it much more engaging. Like him or hate him, James Comey definitely has interesting stories to tell.
 This guy is so full of crap...i really believe that he has lied to all of us
 Self-aggrandizing notwithstanding, Mr Comey makes a compelling argument for the need to place the respect of others and the truth above all other motivations.  Given where we find ourselves as a nation, nay, as a world, Mr. Comey’s reflections are well worth the time it takes to read A Higher Loyalty.
 A captivating glimpse into the thoughts and values of a national hero and a man of great integrity.
 It was an amazing read!! I love the references to the mob and their crazy loyalty that they required. I think its funny that most took a blood oath, but still turned states evidence. This book has a small portion referenced to Trump, but he speaks about how he felt.
 Explains what goes on behind the scene.  I was made enlightened by many new things that I was not aware of regarding some of the recent events.
 Very good and insightful book.
 It was surprisingly great.
 This book helped me to understand the reasons why James Comey made the decisions he made. It was a great read - hard to put this book down.
 Got it on Wednesday and finished it on Friday.  A very well written book.
 Thoroughly enjoyed his account of his time in the FBI and DOJ. Great insights into leadership. I highly recommend this book.
 dull
 Such an interesting book. Highly recommend it.
 Very well written book... straight from the heart!<br/><br/>The focus is on what qualities a good leader should have...based on his personal experiences! It is not a political book to trash what is already a trash (Trump).<br/>James Comey deserves a recognition for his dedication to the country and his service to the nation he loves by means of being the best steward of the law and the constitution!
 Enjoyed the story
 A fantastic, enlightening, and surprisingly enjoyable read. Comey provides valuable insight on loyalty, honesty, integrity, and leadership - particularly in impossible situations. I see a lot of people criticizing Comey as being "self-righteous" and "egotistical" (or some iteration of them); however, integrity and holding tight to one's values often comes across exactly that way.
 By judging Trump ‘s reaction you’d think this book was all about him! Ha! Typical! Not at all, Comey gives an honest description of the tribulations of his career in the Justice system, moving forward and struggling to do right. I would want him on my side anytime. Yes, he will describe his encounters with Trump eventually. It is not the purpose of the book. It is a good read. I highly recommend it.
 interworking of how the white house departments work or don't work together.  Legal perspective.  Educational<br/>and intriguing.
 Interesting lessons on leadership, emphasising the importance of ethical leadership. No matter politics and whatever makes us "different", the author does justice to focusing on values that are common to all. Impressed by his leadership and decision making. Saddened that his lessons came with a hard price. Overall, thoroughly enjoyed the read.
 Higher loyalty of James Comey to James Comey, written by James Comey.<br/>Exhibit A of one of the saddest moments in the American history
 I couldn’t put the book down. I admire the author’s integrity, honesty and service to our country. He is one of the few in Trump’s administration who did not sell his soul to the devil.  I hope we have not seen the last of James Comey.
 Loved it! I bought the audio book. Listening to his narrative of  the book, was amazing! It was like a long interview. It was a lesson on leadership, professional and family values. Mr. Comey it’s an example. I wish him all the best and that he one day, change his mind about running for office.
 I learned a lot about politics...enlightening.
 Anyone who is buying Comey's book is probably buying it to read about his encounters with Trump, but this book has so much more than that. I feel everyone should read this because it is truly eye opening about so much more than just what kind of president we currently have. All politics aside, this book will leave you with new opinions of people and the way leaders are supposed to be versus how they are.
 Terrific book that sheds light on the problem of declining integrity and morality of our nation’s current leaders.
 Great book. Really interesting to hear the story from the other perspective. Comey also has a very interesting background story.
 True in the main ... Comey is not however an admirable character ... self serving and kinda slimy ... if you hate Trump this will fan that flame ... if you love him it's just fake news ... we as a polarized nation will just hunker down wrapped in our private rages
 I was not happy with Comey for reopening the investigation into HRC 10 days before the election, but this book provides a whole new dimension of James Comey and I have newfound  respect for him. In fact, he’s my hero. I feel sick when I hear Hannity et al call Mueller and Comey corrupt and dirty because I find it painful to believe ALL of our government is corrupt.  I find Comey’s writing  to be candid, credible, humble, humorous and interesting enough to keep reading much longer than I intended. It gives me hope that the rule of law will someday prevail, once more in Gotham City and the Joker and his devil-spawn will meet a just end, exposed, undeniably, for all to see as the vile, self-aggrandizing, reprehensible scumbags they have always been. Sarah H Sanders who called Comey “a disgraced partisan hack,” is not fit to wipe his boots. The criticisms of Hannity, Conway, Sanders and their ilk are nothing more than apt descriptions of their own deceitful, immoral ans dishonest behavior.  I hope they burn in hell. Thank you Mr. Comey for an insightful, entertainjng read.
 James Comey did an amazing job with this book. I was pleasantly surprised by how little of the book focused on trump. This book gave me the opportunity to consider what it means to make ethical decisions and it was definitely a good read.
 Good book. Kept me engaged. He is a great leader and human being. It's good to read regardless of your political affiliation.
 A must read!
 Easily read explanation of what went on behind closed doors during the beginning of this Trump fiasco. Can't help but admire the author.
 I loved this book and I learned more about our past Presidents personalities. I thought it was definitely worth the money. It made my drive to Memphis for work go by quickly. It wasn’t just a Trump bash for the sake of Bashing! I love James Comey!
 Very  informative. A sometimes brilliant,  sometimes flawed. I'm looking forward to the update of the CURRENT situation.... and a prediction for the future.
 Excellent discussion of his history in law enforcement and interaction with the political side. He gives a great deal of detail about his thought process leading to his decisions and actions. Wonderful perspective!
 Should have titled it Mia Culpa.
 Over all I thought it was a pretty good book. It is a quick and easy read. Basically, all Comey does is lay out just enough of his history to provide the reader with some context as to who Comey is and how he thinks about the law. It seemed to me that Comey wrote the book to explain why he did the things he did during the 2016 election.
 I really enjoyed reading this great book!
 It turns out much better than the media portraited it to be. Only last 2 chapters are about Trump, and majority is the book center around the guiding pricincples for his actions, and seem a good anchor point in a tumultuous world with deterioting sense of truth and decency.
 I am grateful to Mr. Comey for writing this book and telling the truth about our despicable president and his experience with dealing with him.  I am glad he kept his principles and his loyalty to the constitution of the United States that's why he was fired.
 I was really pissed at Comey and I wanted to hear why he threw Hillary under the bus. I still don't agree with him but I think he is an honest man. Worth reading.
 This book was great. If you are looking for a bash Trump book like 45 made it out to be, THIS IS NOT IT. I read the book in about 2 days. It really was that good. I appreciate the candid way he talks about his life and career. It really does make this "person in the news" a real person if you know what I mean. It was really better than I expected. I actually cried a couple of times. Great book Mr Comey!!! I appreciate your service and integrity.
 I enjoyed the book very much!
 Didn't know what to expect of this book.  While it starts slow, the book gets better and better.  Great lessons on leadership.  Highly recommended!
 This book gives us an outside view of both parties politicians and why some of the major decisions in policy were made.  I read it cover to cover over a few days.  It’s one more piece of the puzzle to being informed.  Read everything and decide who you trust and who is really pushing “fake news”
 THANK YOU JAMES COMEY FOR SHARING YOU THOUGHTS ON OUR POLITICAL SYSTEM.  You said what many people believe to be true.  Well written and easily understood logical writing.
 good book...still hate Comey for giving Trump the election alongside butt hurt Bernie supporters,
 I liked this book a lot. He read it on audiotape himself. Found it informative and would probably listen to it again for references.
 Mr. Comey is truly a class act!  Lots to be learned from this book -- very very well written.
 Good read, lots of information that makes you think about how things have turned out this way.
 Great book about leadership.  It was interesting learning Comey's views on prior administrations as well as Trump.  I have much respect for Comey &amp; really enjoyed reading this book.  I hope it helps bring enlightenment &amp; change.  Highly recommend.  Excellent book.
 James Comey should be our next president. We are in a sad state of affairs. The United States needs someone of his honesty and integrity.
 Politics aside, this book is about ethical leadership and what that looks like. Comey has had an incredibly interesting career and I enjoyed learning about it.
 I enjoyed this book. Interesting the things that we know little about in government that go on behind the scenes which the author seems to explain clearly. I recommend this book regardless of your political beliefs.
 Well written, interesting, couldn't put it down.
 One of the many books about the current and immediate past experiences and consequences of the 2016 election.A good read.
 Boring!
 I bought a new copy of this book and it came in and it looks used.  The cover is all dirty and stained
 A very interesting read and very informative about our government.  I am positive many Americans would benefit from this read.  We all should be paying close attention to our government these days.
 An interesting exposition of what really happens in high places in Washington.<br/><br/>A clear, interesting, simple book for young adults.<br/><br/>I would recommend it for anyone.
 While most have focused on the Trump commentary, this book provides valuable insight on the qualities that good leaders exhibit.
 Wow - what a powerful book!  I'm impressed at what a highly ethical, thoughtful man Mr. Comey is.  It was encouraging and comforting to learn how seriously our FBI takes its commitment to remaining independent and uninfluenced by politics ... not an easy thing to do in today's toxic political climate. It's important for our judicial branch to hold EVERYONE accountable for their actions, whether it's Martha Stewart, a Democratic Presidential candidate, or the President himself.  Having a judicial branch is what keeps our Democracy alive; preventing people in positions of power from thinking they are above the law ... or that they can lie without consequences. I for one feel better knowing that this value driven institution is working tirelessly to protect the American people and our Constitution.
 I loved all the flashbacks to his exemplary public service career.
 if you care about the future of democracy, you need to turn off the TV, shut off the twitter, and read this  book.
 Loved it, of course.  Worth every penny.  I used my tax cut to buy it.  I had $5 left over so I bought some kimchi and ate it while driving my Chevy Volt.
 I have lived my life in the pursuit of truth. I believe Mr. Comey's  book is a valuable addition to the conversation on truth in politics and public life. I highly recommend it.
 Don’t Buy This Book If You Expect a Comey-Trump Controversy. This book is primarily how Director Comey sees law and order. Director Comey describes his efforts as protecting the law. I will leave it to readers to evaluate what Director Comey thinks Trump’s efforts are.
 This was a very personal account of James Comey's life, and it was quite engaging.  While I don't agree with some of his actions in 2016, I thought his explanations were honest.
 Great back story to current events.  Plus a call for morality in an age of lying.
 Beautifully written.  It's clear that Comey is a very special man of integrity, principle, and warmth- so unlike the monster Trump. I am still in the middle of reading about his formative years, and his work in Richmond and NYC.  Comey's earlier experiences with mob bosses, bullies, and liars will likely set the stage for Trump- who has all of these terrible traits.
 I'm still in the process of listening to the book.  It's interesting.
 I am so glad that there are ethical people like Mr. Comey who want to be leaders.  His accounts from his life are fascinating.
 After personally meeting James Comey and reading his book. I can honestly say that he means what he says about the true honor it is to have worked with people from The Federal Bureau of Investigation  and the Department of Justice..
 Very well written.  So sad that this is happening in USA.
 A good read. Offers more insight on his background than anticipated. Something managers in all aspects can learn from. I Recommend reading this book. I was not paid and nor given a free review of this book.
 This may prove to be the most important book of our tumultuous time.  It is not about Donald Trump, though Comey's assessment of our current president as morally unfit to lead is absolutely accurate.  Instead, it is about the enormous threat to our democracy that comes with an increasingly toxic political environment that is heavily financed by self-centered private interests.  And former FBI Director James Comey, who also served as  United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York and United States Deputy Attorney General under George Bush, has personally experienced what happens when political forces try to manipulate the Department of Justice and our intelligence agencies for their own political ends.  Don't listen to the pundits who use lines from this book to launch politically driven diatribes against the author.  Instead, read it for yourself--slowly, carefully, and with enjoyment.  Comey is a deep thinker and an excellent writer and--in spite of everything he has witnessed and personally suffered--manages to leave us with hope for the future.  I for one am immensely grateful to him for this wonderful book and for his service to our nation at a time when few others have the courage or integrity to stand up for truth and justice.
 A great book on the value of integrity and having good values and ethics.  Excellent read....
 Before I started to read the book I had a very positive view on James Comey and what all he had done and been involved in. But after I read the book I just think the guy is in idiot. He wanted to act like an honorable and non-partisan FBI director, and therefore insisted of publishing of all ongoing investigations &amp; suspicions on the leading presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.<br/>The BIG PROBLEM is that at the same time a foreign nation was working with the campaign staff of the other candidate, but Comey the Idiot didn't feel to publish any information or hold any free conferences about that ongoing FBI investigation.<br/>So, the rest is history and I don't feel bad at all about Comey getting fired. Don't buy the book, waste of money!
 Seem Self Serving
 While it’s possible that Comey is “in love with my  his] own righteousness” as some of his critics claim, I thought he worked hard to establish a humble, clear narrative. His experienced leading up to his tenure at the FBI certainly laid the foundation for his belief in the importance of balanced, ethical leadership. Much of what he writes about his encounters with Trump has already been widely reported; however, I got chills reading about his uncomfortable  tete-a-tetes with a President who acts more like a mafia boss than a Chief Executive.<br/><br/>Thank you, James Comey, for your many years of service to our country. I am sorry it was cut short by an unprincipled egotist.
 A well-organized account of recent and disturbing events in our government from an individual known for his personal integrity and steadfast loyalty-  that is loyality to his country.
 Great book.  Very interesting.
 Greatest book
 What a great read. I could not put it down and finished in one evening. His views are insightfull and surprisingly balanced towards the current “president”. Obligatory read for FBI employees and those in government.  Hope he will have the opportunity to enter congress or senate.
 Review  Fascinating memoir and account of the relationship between the former FBI Director and three presidents.
 my wife read rhis  said she loved it
 Good read. Lots of interesting facts.
 Authentic!!  Could not put it down.  Must read for making some sense of the chaos that is the Trump White House!  I learned so much about how government works and how imperative it is to maintain the integrity of the system in place.  James Comey's commitment to the truth and his leadership is something we could not afford to lose.  I pray those he inspired rise up and bring about much needed change.  I honestly don't think Mr Comey's story is finished by any means.
 Comey is a very complex and intriguing person.  I was enlightened and informed by this book.  The book has alot to offer.
 Fast paced intriguing story.  The narration was not pleasant to listen to.
 If you want to believe conspiracy theories this is not the book for you. If you are a partisan you will not like this book. If you want to find out what it’s like to work in law enforcement and uphold the Constitution at the same time this book will take you into the mind and decision making of someone who lived it for decades in various government offices. Mr. Comey does not claim to be always right or perfect but he takes us into his thinking and decision making process. He takes us into his experience of leaders from the grocery store manager to the US Attorney General. At every step he learned something about leadership so that by the time he was asked to lead the FBI, he was more than prepared. What he wasn’t prepared for was  a president who does not understand the rule of law. His warning at the end of the book is chilling and yet hopeful. Students of truth and justice will find this book worth the read.
 I wanted to believe in him, so I read his story. It seems he is deep in the Clinton pockets.
 Fascinating insight into the life and experiences of a man who does he right thing no matter how conflicted. Sure hope we see more from Mr. Comey.
 Well written but a good man who isn’t perfect but comes from a place of honesty and integrity.
 happy with purchase of James Comey book.
 I liked the authors writing style.  He spells it out for the reader and his advice should be useful to us all.  To me it seemed well and honestly written.
 I liked the book in that it seemed to clear up some issues I had.  I had not realized Comey's extensive background in government and feel much better informed.  I'm sorry that so many reviews I read focused only on the portion of the book with regard to Trump. Trump was the least important part of this book.
 Comey is totally believable. Easy and quick read. Gives hope the truth will out. My thanks to Comey and all of FBI for their service. Be safe.
 This wasn’t a Trump-bashing book. It’s a great read.
 An inside perspective that is totally believable and should make you question the man who now runs this county.  Even if you voted for him.
 Could not put this down. Showed Comey to be an honest and principled man. Loved how he is not afraid to denigrate himself! His interactions with Trump only leave me more scared for our country.
 This book was well written, gave insight on Comey's background
 Very interesting!
 Thank you Director Comey for writing this truthful, honest and compelling book.  Very frightening at times but a reality we must all face.  Your service to this country is admired and we are grateful.
 I am not one who likes politics, but I really appreciated this book and it's insights from the author's perspective.
 Lousy writing
 This is a great read.
 Best read. Refreshing to have honest truthful men.
 A must read for any person who values honesty in leadership &amp; mankind. Highly suggest the audible book- read by author Comey. You’ll laugh, cry and hopefully be left w inspiration to serve justice.
 Good book. Set the record straight.
 I'm more of a fiction reader but I've always heard truth is stranger than fiction.... Very interesting book.  Thank you to Mr. Comey for sharing this story....
 Fair learning tool to use
 Interesting book
 Good read.  Delivered as expected on time.
 Awesome
 Comey's  book is a thoughtful, engaging and well laid out novel that is both interesting and at times surprising.  It prompts the reader to want to continue reading at an uninterrupted pace. I appreciated Comey's honesty, integrity and humbleness  and humor. But mostly the desire and need to explain to the world what a "Higher Loyality: Truth, Lies and Leadership" looks like from the past, present and future regarding ethical leadership. Thank you, Jim for an outstanding read!
 It's refreshing to read about someone who readily admits to his flaws and doesn't consider himself to be god's gift to mankind. Eventhough his actions throughout 2016 confounded me, I can at least understand the circumstances and thought process now. Good read overall.
 It’s a shame most of the reviews of this book have focused on present day politics because this is an excellent treatise on leadership. What qualities make a leader?  How does a leader best lead?  What makes people want to follow?  Comey uses examples of leaders in his own experiences to illustrate positive and negative qualities.  For managers, teachers,anyone who runs an organization or needs to serve as an example, this is an excellent book.
 My first impressions of James Comey are that he is an honest man and that he is willing to stand on integrity and principle even if it is not the convenient road. I like that. I liked him more before I read this book. This book reads like visiting Walter Mitty in a nursing home and listening to him tell his stories and trying to follow him on every tangent (ta-pa-ki-ta pa-ki-ta, much?). At times I felt like I wish I had some sort of string to follow back to the opening of this labyrinth and remember what point he was trying to make.<br/>But like the grandpa in the nursing home, he's got some really good insites and pearls of wisdom. What is desperately needed for this book is some really good editing. A lot of the stories read like transcripts that make it really hard to know exactly what is meant since tone, facial expressions, and gestures are not conveyed. And, the way some of the details wear on, it makes this estimable man seem more of a... Whiner? And lest he seem to pontificate wisdom and moral superiority, he dumbs down his own take-aways. For all his talk of learning confidence in leadership, he kinda lacks his own leadership in his narrative. I haven't finished the book, nor have I gotten to the really "salacious" parts about Trump. I got through about 20% of this thing before I decided I'm going to have to wait to read the rest in a less-demanding phase of life.
 I  came away with a greater respect for Jim Comey.
 It was interesting to learn of his life.
 Easy to read with more detail than news media soundbites. Inspirational references to leadership and being motivated by a higher purpose.
 This book offers valuable insights on the use truthfullness,moral behavior, humor, humility, toughness  and loyality by successful leaders. Would make a wonderful text book for a course on leadership for colleges, corporations, government agencies and sports teams.
 Very good book, about a man dedicated to the rule of law. This book changed the way I look at many things, a good lecture. A good man.
 Everyone who cares about our democracy should read this book. An interesting and honest look behind the decisions that  changed our country .....our America
 This is the best book book I have read all year. I didn’t know much about  Comey but I was impressed with his honesty and his ethics. He spells out in careful measured detail why he acted as he did.  The book left me hopeful in the integrity of our American institutions.
 We should all be grateful for James Comey's thoughtful and gutsy approach to his role as Director of the FBI, as reflected in this book.
 EXCELLENT READ !!!
 Great book about ethics and leadership
 Informative and important document.
 One of the best books that I have ever read. Completely intrigued. Salute to Comey for his courage. This book will definitely inspire leaders of tomorrow.
 I found this book to be the most relevant of the numerous books I have read since the election. Mr. Comey, you have given me hope. You have much more to give our Country. Thank you.
 Be INFORMED America!
 Liked how straightforward the book is, and my opinion of this man is certainly different after reading his book!  So glad he shared his life and views with us.
 Couldn’t put it down, and I HATE reading, as I struggle with dyslexia. Reminds me I should be proud to be an American
 I appreciate Mr. Comey's candid recitation of the facts surrounding his exemplary service to our country. He will be remembered as a truly honest public servant.
 This book is critically insightful, informative, meaningful, educational, and most importantly... full of factual information and on target details. I fully admit that my misinformed opinion of former Director Comey was changed after reading his book.  You learn so much when you open your mind ... and when you are given the opportunity to look in a window and see the real deal of the branches of our government and it’s politics.  We citizens were deprived of a very smart individual and a good and very honest man when he was forced out of his position in government. Read the book.
 Fantastic book, should be required reading for all students in business schools and law schools.  If you believe in Donald Trump and his politics you should read this book but the vast majority of Donald Trump believers probably will not.
 What the author would like you to believe.  Should be titled: How I betrayed America.
 Every American would benefit from reading this book. I learned so much about the various agencies, what they do, and the law.  It is a very well written book that shines a light on what went on behind closed doors with the Bush administration, Obama and Trump.
 A self_serving book<br/><br/>It portrays a dogmatic government leader who thinks he is always right. He believes he is very ethical and always does the right thing, when he is the one who destroyed our democratic right to a fair election and caused the chaos that our country is in!
 Fantastic 📖  really enjoyed it 🤓👍
 Great read, not suggesting but rather telling facts, letting the reader decide ...
 Eye opening and thoughtful, reading this with an open mind made me realize that director comey was always trying to do the right thing
 If you want inspiration for developing ethical leadership, James Comey offers several examples. His book is about more than his experience working with our current president. It is a book about leadership and commitment to truth and justice.
 James Comey is a true patriot and faithful civil servant.  He is also a good writer.  I enjoyed reading this book.  His life is an interesting one and his experiences invaluable.  I hope he thinks about running for public office, we need integrity like his where is seems most lacking.
 Very interesting.
 Excellent
 A very readable book by a very honorable person.
 Mr. Comey has had a very interesting life.  He makes very detailed observations that really connect the reader to the story.  Whether or not you agree with his controversial decisions, it is clear he his an honorable and truthful man who has lead a life of service.
 Love this book, especially since it read by Comey.
 Love it
 This gives an insight as to what really goes on behind the scenes in Washington. It also helped me develop as a better more confident leader. You should read it.
 Thank you Mr. Comey...
 I enjoyed the book.
 I enjoyed this book because it was a very personal account of his growth and development as a leader.  James Comey detailed the people that influenced him and why. I'd highly recommend this book not just for leaders of companies or politicians but we could all do better with a respect for others and adherence to a set of values that place honor and integrity above the opinions of others.
 I am giving this book a five-star review because I believe it is one of the most important books I have ever read.  With candor and elegance , Mr. Comey explains his life and the values he holds dear.  He offers the reader an unflinching self-assessment of his strengths and weaknesses and encourages his readers to do the same for themselves.  He reminds us of what it means to be an American and  the responsibilities of those we call "leaders."  The book is inspiring and remarkably moving. Outstanding job, Mr. Comey!
 This book should be on every leaders list to help them see good leadership is necessary in government and telling truth to power is not only difficult but sometimes impossible.  Thank you Mr. Comey for your service and helping us understand how government should work in the intelligence community.
 A great disservice was done to FBI Director Comey and to our country by President Trump. Although this book wasn’t<br/>an eye opener, it was great to read his whole story.
 I loved this book for providing the American people the truthful story about the real reasons behind the despicable firing of the beloved leader of the FBI, the honorable James Comey.
 Comey is such a honorable man with integrity. I have thoroughly enjoyed the book and highly recommend to others!
 Unconvincing justification for mis-handling Clinnton e-mail investigation.
 Comey's biases he states clearly, does not try to convict anyone (including Trump), and tells his experiences throughout his life and government service.  There are many, many events that can be cross checked by doubters. Any who see and understand what is happening need to stand up and speak. Those who see and understand and remain silent are, indeed, complicit. History will record their complicity. Thank you, Director Comey, for your courage to tell the truth.
 Fascinating story narrated by James Comey himself, which make its even more interesting. Comey is a wonderful storyteller and I found myself entranced listening to him tell how significant events unraveled throughout his career.
 Are you kidding me,  A higher power as if Comey is some profit,  I think everyone had forgot  both Democrats and Republicans agreed Comey was a liar and could not be trusted
 This book sheds a light on the cruelty and indecency of an insecure, ignorant, and incompetent President.  An enlightening and heartening  book.  I highly recommend it in these troubling times.
 Comedy is a great writer, especially considering the short timeline of the writing of this book. I appreciated his story, his thoughts, and his insight. Clearly only a certain type of person will read this book, but I both enjoyed and think it is very worthwhile and important. I’m really hoping that we can look forward to more positive times.
 Honest and insightful depiction of highlights of his career.
 Director Comey is a great writer.  I was really upset when he came out and reopened her investigation and didn't open publicly against Russia and Trumps Campaign, however, Director James Comey is honest, and a great writer.  Explained the details and how he came to his decision even if we don't agree.  I wouldn't know what needs to be done since I've never worked for the FBI.<br/><br/>Great READ!
 An honest recounting of experience.  Trolls will try to get on here and say otherwise, but this is an honorable accounting by a devoted public servant who is fortunate to have a wise and supportive wife and family.  thank you for the candor and raw truth.
 Most of the book is devoted to different major events which shaped Comey’s style of work. Wire-tapping and torture during the Bush era, Clinton emails and other events during Obama era
 Comey in his own voice. This is an important piece of historic documentation. Don't listen to the conjecture from people to have only read quotes and snippets--grapple with it on you own.
 Here's the problem with this book, since I am late on reading it, got it from a friend after they read it, although it's well written. A few things have already been proven false so you question the rest of the book. Credibility begins to decrease. You have to go with the evidence as facts over the words written.
 I found the book hard to put down. It’s a fast read; Mr. Comey is a good storyteller. I enjoyed getting his perspective.
 This book provides an important insight into how a good public servant views his role as the head of the nation’s most important law-enforcement organization, the FBI.  You also learn his perspective on the important happenings in our government over the last two years or so (pre-election of 2016 to his firing in May of 2017 and a bit after).
 Whether or not you agree with his choices , you never doubt he is trying to do the right thing.
 Not believable, arrogant, and dangerous to our country.
 One insider's view of a legal life in public service that reveals inside truths, perceptions and inspirations. It shows the flaws of those who govern us and the integrity of those who defend us on the constitutional front.
 James Comey demonstrated both take-charge and take-care leadership in the context for the integrity of the FBI.<br/>The former Director was pervicacious in the face of more than one malverse person of power.
 Superb book! Very well written! I hate biographies but I could not stop reading this,  an honest man, looking to forge an honest, law abiding path through one of the most dishonest, amoral scandalous presidency in history.<br/>He really seems to care about this country....maybe he should run for president!
 James Comey is a bit dishonest in this book
 I have to admire the respect, poise, careful vocabulary choice, values and growth process depicted in this book. It is about discernment, self-analysis, observation, and constant improvement. The conviction that there is always room for improvement, that we can be wrong, that there is always something to learn are obvious and described meticulously for a clear message. This book gives hope and provides a clearer understanding that good will always prevail. We must keep the faith and remember that there are good, honest people in this world that still believe in a higher purpose and don't compromise values. Bravo!
 This is a great book!
 Director Comey has written a book that asks us to look at what is important as a country. He has done it well...no hiding behind "fake news"
 As well as discussing our distressing present day events, he also talks about all the other cases he worked on. Shows the reader he has always held these beliefs. I found it a good read and recommend it highly.
 I just finished listening to the audio version of this book. Listening to the actually voice of the author added something that is hard to explain. I highly recommend this book to anyone that would like to listen to the details of a long and complicated story that cannot be explained in a sound bite or a tweet.
 I like comey’s honesty and approach to explaining the events and the environment where those events took place. I felt like I was in the room with him and the president. Comey served his country right.
 Despite one’s political leaning this book by James Comey is a must read. It is honest and urges everyone to stand above the daily partisan quibbles that have plagued the nation nowadays.
 Thank you for keeping the pressure on this presidency and your thoughtful and helpful insights shared with all of those of us who are struggling with keeping hope alive for this country.
 Good Book, hopefully helps clear some doubts.
 well written and insightful. The comparisons are uncanny and directly correlate to the monstrosity of this administration. Immediately thought I would hate it but gained massive  respect for Mr. Comey.
 I found this book to be an excellent read. Comey gave excellent insights to law, politics and leadership. Reading his side of the story was just icing on the cake.
 Really fascinating to get an inside look into what it was like for a government servant to serve 3 presidents.
 Largely an autobiography and a leadership manual — well-written and a compelling read. Recommended reading for insights into the characters of both Comey and Trump
 This book is Fantastic &amp; Outstanding...James Comey is a man of integrity &amp; I appreciate his dilemma associated with the October 2016 e-mail announcement...I wasn’t happy about the action, but I can understand his line of thought.  Our country has lost a GREAT FBI director and is poorer due to his firing - this should be a must read for our students - Trump needs to read it &amp; embrace Comey’s philosophy.  It makes me realize how important it is to share some life stories/lessons with my grandchildren...ones I hadn’t thought of sharing.  And one thing is for certain...I AM going to share Comey’s story with them as well.  Thanks again!!!
 Loved this book.  Easy listen. Insightful and thought provoking.
 Prior to reading this book I was angry with Comey for helping tRump win the election with the electoral vote. Now I am impressed with the understanding that Comey's decisions were based on the  importance of keeping the FBI separate from politics...that he made the best decisions he could based on the information he had at the time
 Great book and lesson into how a leader should lead, including the values, integrity and virtues they should consistently strive to attain and maintain.
 Outstanding.  A personal memoir that inspires, illuminates, and portrays a true leader.  As a lawyer, my heart and head went out to him in his quest to always take the high road, to stand for truth in investigation  processes and findings, and to properly utilize his acute awareness of people and their strengths and foibles. I could not put the book down...he is a  gifted writer.  It is mildly annoying that the media interviews focus on the Trump memos and recollections that are  only small number of pages. A supple thinker as Comey described President Obama with an ability to  see and consider multiple views and aspects of issues, Comey himself is such a thinker. Hs ability, powers of observation, and personal ethics are extraordinary.  His honesty is palpalable...as is his love and understanding of law, legal processes, and above all, the people who work with him and for him. His description of the decisions he had to make (that were no- win from a lay public’s understanding ) is  honorable and admirable. Even when one disagrees, one understands his reasoning. I hope he writes more in the future.  He is a natural. With much admiration for Comey and his personal dedication to justice, I highly recommend this book.
 Very well written, quite informative,detailed oriented with witty comments at time, great sense of humor. You will learn the inside working of Justice Department. this book is much much more then Hillary's e-mails saga unfolding, Trump and all the other drama.I  highly recommend this book. Interviews on TV, questions asked focused on Trump and Clinton are narrow minded explorations of  the content of this book. See for yourself.
 Best book I have read in years.
 I wish all public servants were more like Mr. Comey. Duty over politics. He is not to blame for Hillary email scandal and eventual presidential bid lose.
 Most of it was pretty boring!
 It was refreshing to hear a voice of reason. This book helped me understand the man as well as the current chaos in the White House.
 Clearly exposes danger of Trump presidency. From the lies to the unethical focus of greed and personal gain.
 What an unexpected, enjoyable book! The writing style is enticing and entertaining while giving you an insight into one of the most important times in recent history.
 A fabulous book that I think everybody should read. This book provides great insight into the separation of duties between the Justice Department , FBI and the Presidency. Based on real timelines, events and facts, this is a fascinating read .. so read it and take a stand on either truth or lies .. knowledge will open your mind and eyes so you can become rationally involved.
 A valuable insight into FBI workings  And an honest telling iof James  Comeys experiences
 Well written and compelling to engage in local politics to change this dynamic!
 Great book.
 Mr. Comey makes me think about how doing the next right thing almost never equates to doing the next easy thing.
 This book has a minor theme of what's being reported in the media. This book is really about "Truth, Lies and Leadership". It made me see anew the importance of my responsibility in voting. Every citizen has the same responsibility: to personally learn the Truth, to reject the Lies, and to make sure all elected officials are actively committed to Ethical and Transparent Leadership. You really need to read this book, it is so much more than is being reported!
 Every American should read this book. I couldn’t put it down, and the message is powerful and critical at a time when it is needed most.
 Comey is not just a relevant political figure, he is also an excellent writer.  I never finished recent products of Hillary, Al Franken, and even Fire &amp; Fury (although I got close). This is a gripping read. I was touched  by his humility and reluctance to blame external sources.  A great read at a time we really need to be uplifted, and know there are good, ethical people in charge
 Comey comes across as an honest man caught up in a tragic situation.
 Great to see someone telling the truth.
 before you judge Comey, you need to read this book!
 Should be a staple in every leadership course at every college across the country.  Seriously.  As a Democrat, I have a whole new appreciation for this man.
 Especially enjoyed the audio version. Hearing Jim speaking the truth was impressive.<br/>What goes around, comes around Donald Trump, the truth will win.
 Excellent book. Loved the Audio version.
 Great book. Shows Comey's insights in some of the politically divisive moments of the 2016 election that he partook in as well as his history in the DOJ and the FBI. The book is primarily about leadership, and it led me to see the FBI director in a different light: as a principled guy who merely looked to blur the lines between the White House and the FBI, the sanctity of our institutions cannot be preserved without this independence, a struggle that Comey displays in detail throughout the book.
 By reading Comey’s book you will get a better understanding about what his ideals are. This tends to make the stories much more believable. With his concerns for his family’s well being, it makes his concerns for the country genuine. A great recommended read for all.
 It was a horrible distortion of the facts, as we now know.
 I heard so much about the details of this book that I was afraid that I would be bored.  The media gives the impression that the book is all about Comey's relationship with President Trump.  I was 70% into the book before Trump was even mentioned.  In many ways, this book is an autobiography.  It focuses on James Comey's work through out the years and how he learned through his experiences what ethical leadership means.<br/><br/>It isn't a Trump bashing book.  He gives his first impression of him at their first meeting just as he did Pres. Obama. It isn't positive or negative, just a brief description of the man. There is a cute aside.  There has been a lot of press as to the size of Trump's hands.  Comey, a large man, noticed that they weren't much smaller than his own. To me that humanizes James Comey.  Due to all the brouhaha I'd be curious about Trump's hands, as well, and would have probably sneaked a peek.  His descriptions of his meetings and conversations with Pres. Trump are clinical.<br/><br/>James Comey admits in the book that he isn't perfect, but he comes across as someone who genuinely loves this country and did his best to serve it.  He gives his rational for decisions he made as well as the background to why he made them.<br/><br/>I wasn't happy with Comey's decision to announce that they had found Hillary's emails on Anthony Weiner's laptop, but at the time I felt that Comey was between a rock and a hard place.  He was damned if he did and damned if he didn't.  That came across in the book.  He is a man capable of making difficult decisions even when he knows that he is "screwed" by that decision.<br/><br/>Whether you like James Comey or don't, the book is an interesting read that gives insight into the workings of the FBI and Justice Dept.  I judge books and movies as to whether it was worth the price.  I paid $14.99 for the e-version and it was worth it.
 First person accounts of events are always informative. And dealing with Trump it’s a great idea to make extemporaneous notes of what exactly was said. Love it.
 If only we had more men like this running the country.  This is a lesson in leadership. Thank you Mr Comey.
 There is no one able to read (no matter how),  should realize how important this information is in today's decisions to make sense of.  Bless us all!!!
 An inportant, quick read that people should make an effort to enjoy. Comey is a very experienced leader and his insights on leadership should be studied.
 SUCH a good book. With all of the Trumpturd's lies, Sarah Fucklebee, the religious nut, Pence, etc., it's really nice to see that the FBI is a straight arrow and Comey, much loved by his staff, is a very good guy. So honest. I couldn't stop reading it!
 I enjoyed this book  It's refreshing, moral and informative.
 I thought this was very well written. We need more people in government with the integrity of James Comey.
 BRILLIANTLY WRITTEN. CINEMATIC IN SCOPE.
 Great book... loved the narrative .
 Utterly brilliant. An obviously intelligent man shows an obviously ignorant man how things should be done. A great read.
 I did not buy Higher Loyalty, This book was on to read on Amazon I don't care to read a book on line
 This book was very well written, but more importantly the truth shines through over and over. The love for this country by the author is evident on every page, but James Comey's love for the law and upholding it transcends everything else. This book makes me want to be a better person, and I'm sure that his search for truth has affected everyone he has ever worked with.
 I’m half way through the book and am really enjoying it. The information contained in it is an interesting read and I like Comey’s style of writing. Comey is completely believable and i like all the stories he shares about his childhood and family life. He comes across as a genuine person, who has dedicated his life to the rule of law. Definitely worth the read.
 I'm not a big Comey fan, but this book was honorable and worth your time.
 Good perspective on much we already know
 So much more in book than what is highlighted on shows, interviews or articles.<br/>Contains in depth explanations of the highs &amp; lows of the history, and workings of how governmental systems are supposed to run in the background.
 What I love about this book are the intimate details of comeys life from working as a U.S. attorney to FBI director.  Much of this has been publicized on the Trump conversation but the book is so much more than that.
 Looking forward to reading this
 Well said by all the other 5 stars. I really enjoyed the book &amp; the man.
 A great read.
 As a Hillary Clinton supporter in the 2016 election, I was NOT a fan of James Comey. However in reading this book and gaining insight into his past, his background, the milestone events in his career prior to the Trump firing, and the political atmosphere surrounding the Justice Department, the FBI and it's role in the U.S. government, I am impressed with the man's candor and willingness to admit to his own shortcomings. Now with each  claiming the other is a liar, all we have to help us decide is their past performance. History will decide at the last, but I have made my decision.
 What a well written book. Insightful, engaging, honest. I really enjoyed this book. Didn’t think I would
 Felt like I was that fly on the wall.  Thanks
 It’s a historical perspective.<br/><br/>Not everyone agrees with Comey, but you should read the book and decide for yourself.<br/><br/>I judge a book by the experience I have reading it, and Comey delivers a good ready.
 Read it in one night practically and was engrossed by the intricacies and subtle descriptions of how our government seems to work or not work. If even half of it is true, then we are worse off than I thought as a nation but if Comey really is the good guy I so much want him to be, maybe there’s hope for us. In any event, worth reading.
 Thank you Mr Comey for organizing your thoughts and presenting them to me- a regular US Citizen- in a non hyper, non emotional way.  If only we had others speak with such clarity. Your story matters. Thanks.
 Wonderful book!  Mr. Comey  has my vote for the presidency!
 An amazing book.  Really, as others have said, *it's not about Trump*. It's about what the FBI needs to represent to the American people, and how in difficult times hard decisions have to be made.
 This book helped me understand the basis for decisions made during these very confusing times. A higher loyalty encourages us to keep sight of the bigger picture, and the importance of ethics.
 I was hesitant to read this book after the media highlighted certain passages that lowered my expectations of the validity of the book.  I was WRONG!  This was a well written book, giving incredible insight and accuracy to the cronology of events involving Mr. Comey and the president.  The biggest problem is that the wrong people are reading this book.  It should be mandatory reading for all Trump supporters.  I can only hope that Mr. Trump gets his due...and soon!
 James Comey reveals himself as a man of integrity and honesty.  The book is based on his verbatums, a tool familiar to lawyers, clergy, sociologists, and psychologists.  We hope for the same in our chief executive, but this time American voters have settled for the lowest common denominator.  Cromey traces the issue of integrity as far back as Eisenhower, showing a pattern that plays to a kind of domestic propaganda. President Trump's criticisms of Comey are revealed to be immature and destructive in comparison, for truth itself has become relative.
 I thought Comey wrote in a fluid, easy to read manner.His physical descriptions of the people he encountered, including Trump, added to the flow of the book and were not as sensational as depicted in the press. He comes off as a little self centered, but that is to be expected of anyone who dares to write a book about themselves. Don't expect any great revelations in this book that have not already been reported in the press. His extensive details on the Clinton email investigation makes even more clear that that was much ado about nothing.
 Say what you will about James Comey, his words about leadership, integrity, and honesty are a beacon in this mess we find ourselves in. I follow Politics quite closely and was surprised to find that I learned quite a bit about interesting details and context that I hadn’t fully understood or known before. At times, this was a page turner. I loved this book and think it is a must read.
 Compelling truths run throughout the whole of Comey's account. It is so thought-provoking that I experienced many epiphanies of my my own from reading it. In the chaos that the Trump administration has inflicted upon our country and her people, Mr. Comedy provides a breath of comforting assurance that there have been and will always be people of truth, ethics, and compassion holding the rudder of this country we all call home. They just don't demand the spotlight. He has inspired me to find my faith in my fellow citizens again. He's right; we cannot be silent in the onslaught of the bully that is Trump or any bullies by any other name. We have all got to be active patriots. Everyone vote!
 Garbage!
 Just diving into it but so far I’m loving the facts! Very refreshing to hear facts!
 A must read for anyone aspiring to serve in government.
 garbage.
 It feels as if Mr. Comey speaks from his heart in his book. He appears more saddened than angry and ends with an encouraging optimism about our country and what it stands for.
 Brilliant and honest
 Comey is an excellent writer. His narrative brings us into real situations and gives us understanding of the complexities facing an idealistic yet realistic government leader in today's environment.
 I thought maybe this would be a book that went after Trump. Fortunately it is not a book that is about Trump. It's a book about a man who has risen in the ranks that are associated with the field attorneys find themselves in. I have certainly not been a James Comey fan because I, like many others, believe that it is quite possible that Donald Trump is now president because of what the then head of the FBI did only days before the election: bring back up Mrs. Clinton's email stuff. Having said that, I have read this book because I simply wanted to know what Mr. Comey's views were. The introduction is important--very important--because it focuses upon what we see too little today in Washington, D.C., from both parties: ethical leadership. (I believe our 44th President was and remains a very ethical man.) Mr. Comey discusses in that brief introduction why he believes the reader is not going to see this as a vanity memoir. He remains true to that because he admits errors he has made. That is important to me as a reader. He prosecuted big names in the New York mafia. He worked under Rudy Giuliani when he was U. S. Attorney in New York City and would later hold that position. Giuliani doesn't come off well in this memoir (and he's never come off well from anything I've ever heard about him and his inflated ego). He is responsible for Martha Stewart doing time. He is responsible for Scooty Libby doing time. Even though his appointments have been, mostly, from Republicans including George W. Bush, he convinced me in this reading that he was upholding the law and was not partisan. (I know that is hard from many people to accept, both Democrats and die-hard Trump lovers.) It is true that he doesn't get to our current president until one nears the end of the memoir--for which I am thankful, because I didn't want to read hundreds of pages about our horrid #45. But I did want to read Mr. Comey's experiences with Trump and, as a result, now truly believe that Trump is indeed just like a crime syndicate "boss." The attitudes and behaviors are the same. You will go away realizing that we lack ethical leadership today in both parties although you probably already knew that. This has a great narrative structure to it. In other words, it reads well (it is well written and certainly must have had a top-of-the-line editor at Flatiron Books.
 I couldn't put it down. I hope he and his family have a long, happy, healthy, and blessed life.<br/><br/>Jayne
 Partisan readers will be disappointed in this book. It simply describe essential characteristics of an effective and honorable leader. It then contrasts those characteristics to the actions of the current president.<br/>Unsurprisingly, our current president displays a lack of visually all of crucial qualities required to be an effective leader.<br/>The book reveals no new trump scandals. Rather, it demonstrates the deeply flawed, inadequate character of the current president.
 First, let me say I read the entire book. It is very disconcerting to see reviews and hear criticism from pundits who have obviously not read the book. Text without context is pretext.<br/><br/>Let me start with two quotes that really summarize this book-this memoir-and the times in which we are living:<br/><br/>First: "The core of our nation is our commitment to a set of shared values that began with George Washington—to restraint and integrity and balance and transparency and truth. If that slides away from us, only a fool would be consoled by a tax cut or a different immigration policy."<br/><br/>Second: "What is happening now is not normal."<br/><br/>The intended audience (to me, at least) for this book is Americans who are willing to think impartially and objectively and who value history and current events.<br/><br/>The people that will gain the most benefit from reading this book are those who have already decided what they think. If Trump's base would honestly read this book without—as Mr. Comey calls it "confirmation bias" it would give them a perspective that would possibly give them pause.<br/><br/>The two biggest lessons/benefits a person will gain from reading this book are the context of the events of the past few years--the names, chronology, and the details really helped me clarify my thoughts.<br/><br/>The writing style of the author is very conversational. The book was the perfect length to me-not too short or too long. Comey lays out a case much like you would expect a former prosecutor to do--the genius of this book is tying the details of his life (i.e. being bullied as a student) to current events in the White House.  The writing style is very engaging. I could not put the book down. Comey writes from brutal personal experience.<br/><br/>However, I had difficulty with Comey's reasoning for his revelation that Clinton was again under investigation. This part of the book was confusing and seemed to contradict other thoughts Comey presents.<br/><br/>This book seems far more credible but much less sensational than Wolff's "Fire and Fury".<br/><br/>A good summation of the book: "Ethical leaders do not run from criticism, especially self-criticism, and they don’t hide from uncomfortable questions. They welcome them."
 It was a good book to read.
 I enjoyed this book<br/>You might like it,unless you have a bias of some sort. I read it with an open mind.
 Meh.<br/><br/>I'm a conservative, but I looked forward to an insider's look at the whole Comey-Trump dispute.  This wasn't nearly as interesting as I had hoped.  I wish I had my twenty bucks back.
 Comey’s book takes you through his life and career through several administrations. He really is a stand up man that fights for all of us ! Highly recommend!
 Very good book.
 James Comey and very well-liked person in the FBI world
 Still unanswered questions about the whole situation. Don't understand Why Mr Comey felt it necessary to announce Reopening the email investagation.
 It was a great read. Taking a trip with Mr Comey through his adventures, growth, personal losses and victories have given me insight to his unquestionable integrity.  I may have a different Outlook at times but a true leader learns from others.  I felt his evolution, and mine.  I admire his vulnerability and respect a man who can admit fault. I recommend it highly.
 Don't just read the excerpts and criticisms from the talking heads on TV, because these salacious details make up only a small part of what is, on the whole, a riveting story of Comey's life experiences building up to the past year. At its heart, the book is about leadership; Comey dissects the characteristics and flaws of many of the great and lesser leaders he has worked with and for over his life, building a stark and horrifying contrast with the current leadership at the helm today.<br/><br/>Is the book, as some have said, self serving? Of course it is, and what memoir wouldn't be. But on its face it appears true and honest to the facts as he sees them.
 Bravo Mr. Comey, thank you for your service.
 Wonderful writing. A book filled with great stories and thoughtful insights. It captured my attention from the first page and I found it hard to put down.
 A must read for those who follow American politics.
 Powerful insight. Must read for those seeking additional missing pieces to the current historical storyline. Couldn't put it down.
 Clarification of events leading to Director Comey’s firing.
 This was a great book, and gives me hope that truth and justice may just prevail.<br/>Well done James Comey.
 Easy read.  As a supporter of Director Comey - I really enjoyed it and found it gave a good insight to how he became the man he is.  I liked how he started with his childhood and included influences and experiences in his life that molded him into the man he is.
 Thank God that we still have ethical public servants who are willing to stand<br/> up and defend our democracy against those who are ethically and morally<br/> bankrupt.<br/>This is a brilliant and inspiring book written by a true patriot.<br/>I hope we see Mr Comey return and help to prosecute those who are<br/> trampling our democracy .<br/><br/>BT
 Absolutely must read.<br/><br/>This man lets us into the devious world of political clout from the perspective of a freakin' boy scout. He's a rare animal in these times--he's honest. And he's as merciless in revealing his own character flaws as he is about describing his interactions with the politicos with whom he interacted; not someone who is blind to the unfortunate necessity of ruthless action, but someone who knows how to hold the boundary between forceful action and the hazardously caustic effect of lawlessness. Someone who is able, because of the experiences of his own life, to put himself in the shoes of the less powerful players in the game, and to understand what being bullied and abused feels like. This was one of the reasons he became a lawyer; to defend and protect those who were being tormented by those who held abusive power. He cut his legal teeth bringing down the Mafia.<br/><br/>He also explains very clearly, to a world so sedated by sensationalism and stupefied by confirmation bias that they're no longer aware of the foundations on which they stand, WHY adhering to the utter truth is important to every institution we hold dear.<br/><br/>He is also quite clear that the Justice department was deliberately designed to adhere to the rule of law from outside of political factions. "Lady Justice wears a blindfold." He writes. "She is not supposed to peek out to see how her political master wishes her to weigh the matter."<br/><br/>This book goes far beyond being a banal "tell-all" about Donald Trump; it's a screaming whistle-blower on the poor and sometimes illegal choices made by our elected officials for over a decade--and a warning to be aware of the unstable ground on which we now stand.
 A pristine read! For the tumultuous times where a common person’s stomach churns observing the bullying from the highest held office, this book reignites the need for us to choose dignity over differences. Honesty and justice over hush and distorship. May goodness always win. Long live true leadership. #IndependentParty  🇺🇸
 Just starting reading it but found the beginning interesting as it starts out he's a 16 year old nerd who has an experience with crime that shapes his future.  Can't wait to finish it.
 This book was extremely eye opening to the works of Washington. It’s about a man trying to do the honest, right thing in a world where honesty and doing the right thing is no longer acceptable. I found Jim to be brutally honest and surprisingly funny.  Loved every word.
 So many book I read taught with positive reference, this book is different where it grounds on a cultural failure and using that development, Mr. Comey show us all how 'not' to act and where is the path of light we should pick and stay true.  Amazing story, learning and but leave me with a incredible saddness at the same time.  I am no citizen of America but I feel the loss they have losing Mr. Comey as a leader.
 It's very good
 This is more like FICTION (a novel), than a "biography".  It's a shame that Comey can't seem to put politics aside and work for the people who pay his salary, the taxpayers.  It's simply the world as James Comey would like to see it.  Didn't like him before.  Like him less now.  Oh well.  So glad I didn't pay for it - got it from a coworker.
 Inside history. I believe Comey did his very best to make the right decisions at all times. Fascinating. Glad I read book.
 Regardless what you might think about Dir. James Comey's decisions, you can actually learn with his book about leadership. He comes across a flawed human being that made decisions at impossible times to the best of his abilities, and doing so in a very professional and thoughtful manner. He is without a doubt an honest person and loyal only to the Law and decency.
 Well written, a good story teller. He takes you on the journey with him, as best he can. His story is compelling. I hope he writes another book.
 Truly a man of honor.
 I was on the fence when deciding whether or not to buy this book.  I was turned off by the petty jabs made at Trump highlighted in the news media regarding hand size, orange skin, etc. because I thought it diminished the larger more compelling message about the need for character, morality and integrity in leadership and society for us to advance.  I quickly realized two things starting to read this book (and I'm only on chapter 3), Comey is a surprisingly good writer, both in narrating a story but also painting a vivid and engaging picture of people and situations as he encountered them.  Those petty remarks on Trump's appearance picked up by the media seem to fall more in context as reflective of Comey's general 'descriptive thought bubbles' writing style and less so because he's deliberately trying to be petty or vindictive (although I'm sure there is a bit of bitterness naturally when one perceives getting fired unfairly). Comey is also very open about laying out his character flaws at the outset of the book, even ego, and is self-aware of how some of his arguments may seem sanctimonious at first glance.  He also displays a vulnerability I did not see coming and shows courage and honesty, for example the story of a childhood trauma (I won't spoil) and the impact on shaping his career path.  It becomes very clear early in this book that Comey is very intelligent and thoughtful in what he writes and is challenging us to look at the impact of the growing lack of ethical leadership in our society.
 Honestly, it was much more interesting than I was expecting. The first 9-10 chapters don't really even mention Trump and in our Trump saturated current world, that is a good thing that I didn't know I needed. I bought it thinking it would be equal parts gossipy and boring and it was no parts of either. A great read.
 sent this back so no comment
 Great book
 Well, I suppose you’ll predetermine whether you’d want to read this book based on your political leanings.  It’s obvious that the author doesn’t write for a living but he makes a good effort.  It’s an easy read.  It’s laid out to support the controversial statements made about DJT.
 This is going to be an incredibly important historical document, so whatever the short term consequences, thank you to Mr. Comey for writing it.
 Found this very interesting , gave a picture of exactly what we seem to be talking about everyday !
 This book really sucks.
 Amazing!!!
 I hope the people that need to read this book do so with consciousness.I don't agree with everything but obviously Mr. Comey is a man of integrity. I just hope our country will recover quickly from this presidency. Parents need to look at our complacent leaders and ask "are these the kind of leaders I would want my daughter or son to be involved with?" .
 I really learned a lot about the FBI and our government. The cases he outlined gave an insight into his years as a lawyer and administrator. I wish him well.
 Read it to better understand the mess we're in...
 I read this book with great confidence in James Comey.  He didn't let me down!  What he wrote, his spoken word, and his memos just released to Congress tell a truth  and certainly a loyalty to us as citizens that a person of his character is working for all of us. We should be thankful he has a higher loyalty to himself and to America.  Thank you James Comey.
 Great book by a very honest/truthful man.
 Excellent book to memorialize a truly "critical learning moment" in our young country's history. Mr. Director you will be a better leader as a result of your experiences. Keep pushing - keep transparent - continue to strive to be the great leader we can all mimic.
 An interesting narrative of what was going through Comey’s mind when dealing with DC politics/politicians. Some excellent points about the nature of leadership as well.
 I couldn't get into it
 Enjoyable book, well-written. Covers all of Comey’s life in law, with only the last 50 pages being about Trump. Not salacious or inflanmatory., pretty cut-and-dry on his interactions with hin. He describes quite a ethical approach to his job across 3 presidents. If it is genuine, then he’s a pretty admirable guy.
 As painful as reliving this history may be, he is really honest. I struggled not getting angry in certain aspects of reading and I don’t agree with everything he’s said but I respect him. The events of his firing are absolutely unbelievable and heinous.
 very well done
 I used to live and work in DC, dealing with a large Federal agency, the OMB and Congress, so I had a lot of context for the story Mr Comney had to tell. The author has unique experience, having served as US District Attorney in Richmond and latter, New York, Deputy US Attorney General and finally head of the FBI. I found the book extremely interesting and frankly admired Mr Comey’s temerity to tell about what he experienced along the way until finally, in my opinion, making a terrible mistake a few days before the 2016 presidential election and then finding himself in the uneviable position of having to deal with an unprepared President who consideeed the FBI to be his personal agency for protecting and enforcing his political interests. Mr Comney has smartly zeroed in on what is findamentally wrong with Trump and those around him. Namely, there no allegiance whatsoever to what is demonstably true. Truth is whatever Mr Trump says it is. Lies are whatever Mr Trumpt disagrres with. Under Trump, it reminds me very much of Orwell’s 1984 where "War is Peace; Freedom is Slavery; Ignorance is Strength.”  What a shame for Mr Comney to be attacked and vilified by Trump and his sycophants after all the great work he has done over several decades in the service of our country.
 Janes Comey allowed me to get some insights on why he made the decisions he made and showed a vulnerability that only a good leader would not be afraid to show.  Mr. Comey, thank you for this book and for serving this country with integrity.
 I was expecting better. Did not go into why the FBI did not take DNC server, granted immunity to persons involved in the investigation, allowed biased investigators such as Strzok to run the investigation, used a fake dossier used in obtaining FISA warrant, etc.
 Get the real inside scoop on this disaster of a presidency.  Makes me embarrassed to call myself an American.  The book makes me angry and wanting to do more to help rid us of this abomination which I think is good.  Hope more people will agree and do something.
 This first hand account from Comey gives an interesting history to how he got to this series to critical intersections .  Although I would not have made some of the decisions Comey made I understand why he made them and they are extremely consistent throughout his career.  Restores my faith in the career people we have in government.
 I flew through Mr. Corey's book.  I found it well written and informative. The reasons for the  writing of this book are disheartening, but the truth in Mr. Corey's message is uplifting.  Thank you, Mr. Comedy.
 I was quite surprised by this book. I thought it was going to be all about just what went on between him and Trump.  I think that it should be read by both non supporters and supporters of Trump.  I thought it was well written and I this type of book isn't the type I usually pick up to read.  Enjoyed it so much that I read it in one afternoon.
 The writing was excellent! Mr. Comey's book is very consistent with his testimony and his interviews.  I totally believe his story and I'm  glad he told it.
 This book is a picture of truth and integrity spelled out as it is and always has been in great men. James Comey came to my attention back in the George W. Bush era as he dealt with the events that took place, in part, at John Ashcroft's hospital room bedside. I've honored him ever since. To see him so vilified by Trump is not so surprising as Trump has never dealt truthfully with those who do not kiss his ring, or even with those who do. Comey has written an honest account of a life spent doing his best for his country, and of what transpired between him and Trump and his abrupt termination. This is a spell binding account from a truth teller. If we only had more like him! Thank you for your service and for writing this book, loyal FBI Director, Mr.James Comey.
 Interesting.A good read with a clear understanding of the larger purpose for the freedoms that we have taken for granted.<br/>I appreciate the courage of Mr. Comey  and his intelligence to have written what was discussed. It is important to know the truth.<br/>Grateful that some Americans still have a conscience, and able to discern the difference between a falsehood and the truth.<br/>Thanks Mr. Comey for your point of view...Every American concerned with freedom and justice, I encourage a purchase of A Higher Loyalty.
 This is a well written book that provides highly illuminating insight about this man we thought we knew and the times in which both he and we all are living.  There are a few surprises, many confirmations of facts we already knew, and much reflection of things we all suspect to be true and provable.  Altogether, an enjoyable and informative read about a complex, ethical man dealing with the cadre of greedy simpleton grifters who are temporarily in places of power.  The upshot is that we should all be inspired to vote thoughtfully in each fast-approaching election cycle.  Vote as if your life and the future of our country depend on it, and remember that every vote counts.  Thank you, Mr. Comey, for your dedicated service to our country.  No doubt, history will reflect your vindication.
 This is an amazing, crucial, informative and vivid book about the life of a man who cares about law and order and has come up through the great (and sometimes flawed) branches of law and order in this country. His prose is sucinict and readable, quiet and stirring. I am duely impressed, excited that there is such a man (and there are many, many other! just not in the white house==) who respect and stand for the democracy we are trying to preserve here for ourselves and the coming generations. Great book.<br/>Judy Collins
 After reading the book there is reason to believe the events as the author has written them, are true and accurate
 I really enjoyed reading this book. It was well-written and it kept me interested page after page. It is refreshing to know that there are good people that still have solid values.
 This man appears to be a philosopher by nature. An unusual man in the current political world, the manner in which he self-analized himself in making difficult decisions gave me reason to believe there was bipartisanship in his Clinton decisions. I am thrilled someone stands for truth.
 Not entirely persuasive (re Hilary investigation justification) but Comey is engaging as a writer and insightful. Some parts are lol-funny, but damn do I miss the Obamas
 A truly remarkable book, simple in format, convincing in the narrative.  It is refreshing to read the story of a man and his life, one filled with political intrigue yet missing the partisan arrogance and disgust.  Comey tells his story, connecting important events in his childhood, his early adulthood, and his long career, interweaving the truth and his understanding of it throughout.  I couldn't help but know where this book was leading.  We have a President who lies on a daily basis, not in small ways alone but in big ways, on things that really matter.  Comey exposes some of those lies, telling what really happened.  I haven't read any of the previous reviews yet, though I will once I finish and submit my own, but I wonder what they will say.  To all interested readers I tell you this:  this book tells a story.  It won't set your hair on fire or ruin your dinner.  It's calmly told, without exaggeration or hyperbole.  It's just the facts (Sgt. Joe Friday reference, mine).  As you read this book, you'll learn about Trump, of course, and how he speaks at people, how he uses people, how he expects people to "kiss his ring".  You'll learn about Hillary, and how Comey allowed other FBI professionals to do their job, and then reported what they found, and why he chose to speak to the public right before the election.  You'll learn about other people too, in small ways and interesting ways, but mostly...you'll learn about Jim, Mr. Comey, the man and how he reasons.  You'll discover what he was thinking about when he made a decision, why he said particular words, why he chose to speak up, or not, in important times in his life.  Yes, there were times when he didn't speak up, and later regretted it, and had to rectify it.  I don't think I've read a book before which gave me such a personal look inside the mind of the writer than this book.  It is really good.  I recommend this book to all people, Republicans and Democrats, Independents (like me, for my ENTIRE life) and those who have no desire to be called anything or vote at all.  As I got to the end of this book, I realized that all 293  pages were pressing toward a single point, a simple question:  What are you loyal to?  Not who, but what.  Trump demanded loyalty to him.  Comey was willing to provide loyalty to a higher thing...the truth.  I like that.  I read this on my tablet, but I wish I had a paper copy to loan to a friend.<br/><br/>Read this book!
 Amazingly boring.  And there’s nothing like a treatise on integrity from the man whose last-minute revelation on one candidate (Oh Lordy!), while not even mentioning a far more onerous investigation of the other,  helped usher in the current circus.
 This isn't a book about Donald Trump. Don't go into it thinking that because you'll be sorely disappointed if that's what you're looking for. Instead, it's a memoir. A fascinating memoir about 16-year-old teenager and his little brother who were robbed in their home at gunpoint, a young prosecutor learning about the mob from actual mob bosses, and an imperfect man who rose to the ranks of FBI Director only to see it all end through the actions of a bully. All three of these men are James Comey. If you read this book, read it as a memoir - just as you would read any other memoir written by someone with a fascinating past and a relevant present.<br/><br/>I like the way Comey writes; it's obvious he is including details to put the reader in a setting - to help the reader visualize. I don't get the feeling he's sanctimonious, as the talking heads on TV claim. I also think that Comey's October surprise announcement that the FBI was reopening the case into Hillary's emails was a mistake. A mistake, but not a reason to hate the man or discount his service. But, that's not really why I read the book. I too have been a public servant, as is my spouse, and I wanted some encouragement and inspiration during a time when it seems like the world is out to get anyone in government service, no matter now mundane and non-political that service truly can be. I don't think people really understand Comey - and for those who don't want to simply pass judgement without due diligence, this book is a great way to understand him.<br/><br/>Honestly, I wept when I read it. Many times. I thought it was beautifully, yet simply written and I thought it was honest. Sometimes you just gotta stop listening to all of the sound bites and sit down and read the damn book yourself. In this case, I'm so glad I did.<br/><br/>Thank you, Mr. Comey, for your service to our country and for a really, really good read.
 I gave the book two stars for the lovely cover and it appears to be grammatically correct. The first half to two thirds of the book was incredibly boring. The last third of the book was simply petty.<br/>I am sorry I wasted my time and money.
 Based on the salacious headlines and angry rhetoric from political pundits, I was expecting a book similar to Michael Wolff's "Fire and Fury." However, this books is anything but that!!! I find it to be a story of a fifteen-year-old self-professed "coward" becoming a man who recognizes that good and evil are not written into the legal code. While we all might wish that James Comey had made different decisions in the run-up to the 2016 elections, this book helps us to understand that the choices he had to make were not cut-and-dried. This book is definitely about choices -- including those that might bring the enmity of the political establishments down around one's ears.
 This is outstanding.  It’s about the intended role of the FBI; how it works, why it wotks, when it doesn’t.  It’s not “about” our current President, despite the media’s tid-bit focus of reporting; that part’s minimal.  It’s about ethical leadership.  A very educational, facinating, humble read, &amp; very well-written.  Highly recommend.
 First things first. Buy The Book!--and a highlighter!<br/>Now ,let me tell you four reasonswhy you should take the time to read the book--and not assume that the TV commentators have told you everything there is to know about him or the book.<br/>One, having read the book, I can say without hesitation that many of the TV commentators  and reporters had not read the book but for some reason(?) were trying to discourage people from buying the book. Read it yourself and you will see what I mean.<br/>Two,reading the book from the author's note to page 274 allows you to really learn what happened and to decide for yourself,as I did, that Comey is a real professional--and someone you would not hesitate to buy a used car from.<br/>Thre, as you read the chapters relating to Presidetd Trump, you can decide for yourself who to believe. A hint: I would not buy a used car from President Trump.<br/>Four, Tomey's book,like most of the ones written about our 45th President,should inspire you toget active, get involved,and vote..
 I had heard so many things about the book before it was released I decided I had to read it for myself. Jim comes across as a truthful person with his biggest concern seems to be what's right for the future of our country
 You won't learn what makes Trump tick (like a proverbial bomb). You won't find out what the FBI knows about the Russian attack on our democracy. What you'll get is insight into the collision of decency and depravity, conscientiousness and recklessness, and legal literalism and rampant rule-breaking. Comey's long lead-in pits his literal respect for the law against a series of adversaries who bend and break rules to benefit themselves, their political allies, and (in their view) their country.  He recounts how he repeatedly took the side of the law against lawbreakers and people who were willing to lie to law enforcement -- even when powerful or sympathetic people argued against strict interpretation or insisted that the ends justified simply disobeying the law.<br/><br/>Why read this?  Comey wrote it as an explanation and justification of his motives for several public statements and enforcement actions that have been questioned and criticized and to argue that the same principles that inspired those actions brought him into inevitable conflict with Donald Trump. Frankly, a good guy explaining what makes him feel that he's a good guy, and taking half of his book to get to the epic conflict, and then describing that conflict with great emphasis on the memos it generated, does not make for riveting reading. It does, however, make it clear where Comey's loyalty lies. It's worth reading to understand that. It's worth reading to gain insight into the difficulty of pitting boring rectitude against politics as usual and both against politics gone rogue.
 Engaging, self-effacing writing and lots of interesting stories from a fascinating and compelling man. This book is refreshing for the times we're living in, as it restores a bit of my faith in the fact that there are people working in public service who want to serve the country and do what's right, not only what's ratings-grabbing popular or self-serving - that there are still collaborative and caring public servants out there who are self-aware and have humility and yet can lead with determination and bold action. Comey admits his flaws and shared humanity and has something to teach here about justice and leadership. Highly recommend!
 In the early part of the book James Comey describes working in the Federal Prosecutors office of the Southern District of New York. Rudi Giuliani’s office learned early on you do the work and Giuliani gets the credit. Talks of one press conference where as Giuliani was at the podium facing the press he was ordered to stand in the background and not to say a word. He speaks of being bullied and picked on a student in grammar and high school. He has nothing but negative things to say of the CIA Black Sites and enhanced interrogation methods AKA torture although not torture to President Bush Vice President Dick Cheney or Secretary Condi Rice. He made several attempt to stop this from happening with no success. As head of the FBI he tried to instill in the FBI Rank and File to be fair and respectful with all the citizens the came into contact with. He really rakes American Hero Edward Snowden over the coals for bringing attention to the American people the illegal gathering of digital information with out proper authorizing  by the CIA. He claims that revelation made the gathering of that information much harder for those gathering that information. As the head of the Federal Prosecutors office in the Southern District of New York he attempted several times to arraigned a meeting  with Hillary Clinton (D-NY) the junior Senator of NY but it never happen he blames Clinton’s staff for that.  A week prior to the election a laptop belonging to former Congressman Anthony Weiner (D-NY) was under a court ordered electronic search relating to his sexing with underage girls also discovered was thousands of e-mails to and from Hillary Clinton that were sent from her private e-mail server. The Justice Department sought and received a search warrant to search the Laptop to look into those e-mails. It was at that time on Octber-28th Comey announced to the World that because of that the Clinton e-mail investigation was being reopened. He says he thought long and hard on how to handle that information to release it or keep it under raps. Well he chose to release it on October-28-2017and he can make all the excuses he wants on how he did not want to influence the election well he did and he caused Hillary Clinton to loose the election and I believe he did it strictly for political reasons.  One take away from the book that stands out for me is that both he and President Trump have in common is that they both have a giant ego of being superior and more knowledge of all around them and neither of them can be told otherwise.
 seems a bit disingenuous.
 Trump trashed Comey as a liar and then used the release of Comeys memos as evidence that there was no collusion. Trump showed that even liars rely on others to speak the truth and in that simple way confirmed the premise of this book which is that loyalty to truth really is the highest loyalty.<br/><br/>The book builds and works this theme from start to finish with interesting stories that bring it all to life. It is balanced, transparent and self critical. It is an excellent book and will be deeply appreciated by all people who have stuggled against lying and dishonesty in their lives.
 It's a shame to lose such a qualified individual so well suited to the role. We can only hope that the leadership and values he demonstrated are emulated by generations of FBI personnel.
 James Comey is human like all of us. we all make mistakes in judgment.  But that doesn’t make us dishonest.  And i felt comey’s honesty radiating throughout  this book . People have made a point of mentioning his pettiness about trump’s hair and hands. That conversation is contained in 4 sentences.  The rest of the book is factional and introspective. And it’s very well written and readable.  You can tell he put a lot of forethought in how he wanted to present his story.  And it reads as genuine.
 A Higher Loyalty is the perfect name for this book.  James Comey has stood up for this country.  Lordy, I'm glad he is still fighting for us.
 Informative and truthful
 Terrible
 Never thought I would read this book because I’m not big on politics but wow ... I read it twice .
 I hav NOT received it
 A well written book that is needed by all citizens of the United States at this point in history. Thank you for a timely product.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this account by Comey of  his early life and career as well as the nightmare his final months as Director of the FBI turned out to be. I read this on the day of its release, after several days of bad mouthing by supporters of Trump who despise any account that differs from Trump's or questions his leadership, and despite their claims, this is not a witch hunt, it is not a diatribe against Trump, and it is not a vindictive attack against Trump. It is a thoughtful account from Comey's perspective of his life and career. The information about his contacts with the president do not appear until halfway through the book. None of the details are presented in a salacious manner, and most of the details have already appeared in the press. His writes in the way he has had to handle himself during his career, in a thoughtful, considered, careful manner; there is no attempt to sensationalize any of  his account. He gives primarily the facts, and in a few places he recounts his thoughts or feelings or his opinion. In a word, the book is about honesty to others, and especially to oneself. Great book.
 Loved this book.  This man is a true American Hero.  We need this man back leading our FBI.
 An excellent book on how law enforcement should work and does work. We have far too many elected officials who have a disregard for law and ethics. We the public should and need to now the truth so that we can make a more informed decision when we go the voting booths. I commend Director Comey in writing this book.
 Not a Comey hater.  Very few stories in here and a lot of I felt this and I felt that and I couldn't  sleep.  I think it you read this you have to wonder<br/>how he became the director.  I thought there would be some real substance and maybe stories about cases in general but there is really not much in this book and it is really boring.  If you take the election things out you could probably cut this to about 75 dull pages.
 Another Swamp Bureaucrat. This book is a true look at how sanctimonious oneself can get. Only reason I didn't give it a one-star was because I found the lies pretty entertaining
 Thank you Mr Comey for sharing what has happened . I was very disappointed that Mr Comey chose to make that announcement about the investigation of Hillary Clinton, but I have come to realize that he made that decision with the very best of intentions. Thank you for restoring my faith in the many fine institutions such as the FBI, CIA, and many others. I feel that we will make it through this challenge and rise again to be the great country I know us to be.
 Inspiring. Can I just say that with all the many expectations I brought to the reading of this book, being inspired was not one of them. Yet, here I am. Inspired.<br/><br/>I vehemently disliked James Comey over the Hillary Clinton email debacle. Now I realize that I was unfair. I didn’t know the truth. I didn’t know all the facts. I try so hard to always look at things from other viewpoints. I failed. I  thought myself righteous in my outrage. Truly, James Comey chose the only honorable path. It was a terrible path, but it was the least worst option.<br/><br/>We, the American public, we are the culpable ones. We are the ones who chose the people who were running for President. We are responsible for not putting Hillary in office. We are the ones who chose not to re-elect Jimmy Carter because he was too good of a man and too kind of a man. Well, not me personally. I was a child then. Carter was judged as weak when really what he was was ethical.<br/><br/>Ethical. Good. Kind. What has happened to us that we’re at each other’s throats. People clamor for what is best for them with no thought of what’s best for America. We are America. All of us. Kindness and goodness are not weakness.<br/><br/>I digress. The book will take you through a teenager trying to avoid being murdered, a mafia boss in court, pasta made by a serial killer, the truth about Hillary’s emails, and what happened with Trump.<br/><br/>There’s no smoke and mirrors. Just the truth. My God, it’s refreshing to just read a book that’s honest.  How do I know the book is honest? I can feel the truth ringing from sentence to sentence. This is how the Liberty Bell sounds in my head.<br/><br/>This man. James Comey. This man I so unfairly blamed for Hillary losing the election. This man is good and kind and ethical and smart AND he laughs. This man. James Comey. This man would make a good POTUS. I know everyone is going to say that his character has been so besmirched in the media that there’s no coming back from that. I bet someone with a mind like Hamilton Jordan could get him elected. We need someone who doesn’t want the job. An ethical person who will help us make better laws rather than caring if he/she is re-elected. If Elizabeth Warren won’t run, then perhaps James Comey should.<br/><br/>By the way, if James Comey happens to be reading this... the problem with privacy and Apple, Google, etc... You’re missing a piece. You saw the lines arcing away from each other leading to increased murder rates in cities. Well, the privacy problem is also lines arcing away from each other. Whatever one’s opinion of Snowden, he did let the American people know they were  unfairly and unconstitutionally being spied on by our own government. It’s wrong to pull data from innocent people’s emails. If someone is suspicious, get a court order like the FBI. There is no freedom of speech if everyone’s  emails or texts are being scanned by a branch of the government that is supposed to protect us.  The desire for privacy isn’t a sign of wrongdoing despite how some twist it into that as an argument. I’m not doing anything wrong when I go to the bathroom, but I still want a door! Imagine if Hitler had been able to scan the texts and emails of his citizens.  Absolute power corrupts.<br/><br/>Apple, Google, etc have responded by making our data inviolable because of the outcry of the American people. Our freedom of speech is compromised if as an innocent citizen every word we write is scanned as a matter of course.  1984 is not a democracy. As consumers, our spending allows us to have a voice. We demanded the right to privacy from Apple, Google, etc, because we found that we were not getting it from our government.<br/><br/>Take us back to the land of the free. Equality. Ethical goodness. Kindness. Gain our trust. If the government can be trusted to only get data with a court order AND that was actually the TRUTH, then people wouldn’t clamor for privacy from companies.<br/><br/>Just my two cents, of course. I love this country. I think we have the best county in the whole damn universe.  We’ve got some work to do on balancing safety with civil rights and constitutional freedoms. We also have some work to do in learning how to care about each other.<br/><br/>I was a kid when the hostages were taken in Iran during Carter’s presidency. Know what I remember?? Yellow ribbons on trees. Everywhere. Remember that? The song? “Tie a yellow ribbon round the ole oak tree.” I saw yellow ribbons tied around oak trees everywhere. I had a hard childhood- was molested for a decade. Those yellow ribbons. They brought tears to my eyes. Each time I saw one, I could feel how the people in America were a community filled with a lot of love and light. I could feel the goodness in people and sustain the belief that, despite my own experience, most people are inherently good. I still believe that.<br/><br/>We need love and light back. Maybe we should start tying yellow ribbons on trees again to remind each other that America is still one community where we  love, share, and support each other.
 Good book.  Lots of information.  Things that everyone should know.
 As much as was written about it, the book still exceeds those expectations.  The man writes well.  Is he human? Is he fallible?  Yes and yes.<br/><br/>In a world beset by liars and lying and corrupt motives, his life story reads well.  I am amazed at his honesty.  Even when it puts him in a terrible light, he stands up to it and doesn't mince words.  As strong a man as he obviously is, he still had a hard time standing up to the current President, partly because we as Americans feel a certain deference that we unconsciously accord to the office.  It is shocking and hurtful then when its current occupant repeatedly shows himself unworthy of responsibility of the office.  He demonstrates repeatedly that he is incapable of empathy or concern for the country or, its citizens.<br/><br/>The current situation is truly scary.  I hope we survive this test of our democracy.  I hope that Mr. Comey is right that the country will weather this storm(y) and be better for it.
 This was a very good book about current events, leadership, governance of politicians and what it means to commit to honesty and mission.  His voice is authentic and yet tainted with his implicit law enforcement/republican bias.  The book and his process of decision making was inspiring, though I would have made different decisions.<br/><br/>The real heroes of the book are Barack Obama and Mr. Comey's wife Patrice.<br/><br/>Though the political hype made it a best seller, it deserves to be one in its own right for its revealing, candid and real explanation of how real people play at real governance.  He offers many worthwhile mottos and perspectives and one of the most telling was his comment about how the people in power are really just like US.  I know many people whose integrity, wisdom, intelligence and judgment are so much more than those who wield enormous power.  I am sure any reader of this review do also.<br/><br/>His defensiveness and rationalizations about Hillary Clinton was a bit disappointing but the author is a human.  He must carry the burden of his role in the events.  He shows a true conscience so that will be hard price to pay, weightier than he seems to deserve.  We all make decisions and pay for them but this book reveals he was honorable, honest and guided by sound discernment.  No decision, despite the consequences, can be criticized when made on those terms.<br/><br/>Mr. Comey is an honorable soul, a link to hopefully young folks who heed his calls to duty in an even more open, honest, wise and compassionate fashion, so progress toward a better future may start to prevail.
 Cry baby story.
 Everthing i get from Amazon i love IT everthing
 It seems obvious to me that this book started life as a memoir in progress, that wouldn't be completed until Comey left public service for good. That's not a bad thing. But, considering the hype around the book's association with Trump's legal troubles, ineptitude, moral failings, and likely impeachment, the earlier chapters don't live up to that hype. If you're hoping for a pure hit piece on Cheetolini, this isn't that. If you're looking for a well written, often moralizing but well intentioned explanation of why a good guy made some very good and some very bad decisions during some VERY bad political times, with some very well articulated and alarming cautions about 45, this is your book.
 All lies. He sees his actions through rose colored glasses. Can’t wait to see how all of this turns out. I don’t feel bad for him st all.
 James Comey is an exceptional writer./storyteller.  Some reviewers were disappointed that he didn't get to the trump memos until late in the book.  I found his autobiography fascinating and important part of the book. It gave a glimpse of who this man is and how his wealth of experiences molded him and his thought processes. It was interesting to read about his different experiences with presidents Bush and  Obama and comparing those experiences with the pathological mindset of Trump. Trump is scary, I hope he doesn't finish his term and that many of his croanies are locked up.
 Loved the book!
 Just a book filled with Hatred of a former employee. The people who defend this guy are the same people who accused him of violating the Hatch Act when he announced a few days prior to the election that the FBI was reopening the Clinton email investigation. I must admit I was touched at nearly drawn to tears when he details the lost of his newborn son. However that does not change the fact that Comey is a liar. James Comey:'I don't leak.'(In a memo that he leaked.)
 I went into this book with an open mind after seeing Mr Comey on alot of the morning shows. I didn't like the way he seemed to be trying to be "holier than thou" regardless of which political he was answering to. It did, in the other hand, explain what he was thinking on some of his decisions on some of the moves he made during the election season. But truly it just read like he was making a lot of excuses and sour grapes. I didn't enjoy this book at all. I had to force myself to finish it. I just didn't think it was very well written.
 This is a great book on leadership of Comey.<br/>It explains that his loyalty has always been about truth and honesty . And being FBI director was an honor  for this country
 My mother had a lot of words of wisdom.  One thing she always said was - don't let your ignorance predominate your intellectual capacity.  That's why I read this book.  I supported Hillary. I offer no apologies for that choice.  I was more than mildly angry at JC (James Comey) before I read this book, but in all honestly, I found it interesting, informative and a bit funny too. It actually filled in a lot of details about things I never knew I didn't know.  I also discovered I had formed some of my negative opinions on misinformation and/or a lack of understanding of investigative protocols and procedures. I feel like I now know the rest of some incomplete stories. And I am not as angry at JC anymore. He broke me after reading the bit about the martini with Jim Clapper at "vespers."  Hilarious!  The bathing suit with a shirt, tie and jacket in Hawaii also made me crack a smile.
 Understanding Jim Comey’s message, imploring we as citizens and patriots to place American core values and ethics above partisanship - is vital to the continued survival of our democracy; this we knew without having to read this book.<br/><br/>Comey’s story is at times touching, funny, infuriating, and terrifying.  A terrific read and a perspective we all need to help us fully understand the chaos of the 2016 election, the Clinton Emails, and the Trump Presidency.  And those subjects really don’t become front-and-center until the last few chapters; we forget how much Comey shaped - and improved - our nation through his selfless service.<br/><br/>Donald Trump deprived this nation of a wonderful public servant - an inspired, righteous leader - a man not without flaws, but whose tireless effort to rise above them shows us, as citizens, what the members of our government should aspire to be.  Comey’s choices had devastating repercussions, but I don’t for a second doubt his intent was to do right by the Country and the Law.  We should expect nothing less from anyone else in government.<br/><br/>A wonderful read; highly recommended.  The media sound bytes on this book don’t do it justice; it isn’t partisan.  It isn’t salacious.  It merely offers perspective on the life of a man who deserved better from this Country.
 I find it interesting he writes about truth &amp; lies yet he has leaked classified information &amp; has lied under oath. He only believes in ethical leadership as long as it fits his agenda! Considering he’s all about “rule of law” I assume he will be fine when he’s convicted for breaking the law as a “Public servant”
 This is a must read.  Between the horrendous misjudgment on the Clinton emails and the relentless (and unfounded) attacks by the RNC (including a website slandering him) we are not getting ANYTHING near what is in the book on the news.  You HAVE to read it for yourself.<br/><br/>It is fascinating and inspiring. Even though he is a kind of Dudley DoRight who is religious and Republican  (two things I usually don't much care for), his values are universal - a loyalty to the truth and the rule of law - that make him an admirable man.<br/><br/>The historical events in which he participated, the remaking of the FBI to be more diverse, this book is a must read to understand history.  It comes through clearly that the independence (and sometimes NOT independence) of the Justice Department and FBI makes a huge difference in what kind of country we are.
 Honestly I was unsure in buying this book.  Comey still is the only person to hold his position who feels his action leading up to the election were appropriate.  Then in the beginning of the book he goes on to say he find donald trump to be an intelligent person.  Ok, I'm done with this book now.<br/><br/>ftr - this review is from the husband of the account holder.
 If you read the "Author's Note" on the first page of this book, it will tell you all you need to know about this smug arrogant self righteous man. It reads, "WHO AM I TO TELL others what ethical leadership is?" If you read the book, you may come to the same conclusion as I did. There is no moral high ground in this book as much as its author would like to claim that he is on it. You could read that first sentence and be done with it and you would get as much out of the book without reading more.
 The consistent thread throughout the book is the focus on Ethical Leadership, which is a topic that should be taught in college and at every corporation, non profit and government agency. Great insights.  His career path is fascinating and impressive.  Great book that I will be quoting during my speaking engagements on Leadership Development.
 Pre-ordered this, like millions of people. Just arrived today and although I wanted to whack Comey when he killed Hillary's presidency chances, I now realize that he's just another person who will go down as a victim in this whole scenario. We democrats need him now. People change (except for one person in particular) and he is going to prove to be a great help in the next few years, and this year in particular. If he makes up for his errors and helps secure the Republic in coming months, I will forgive him, somewhat, and let him help us, although he is a life-long Republican. He can help deflect attacks on Mueller and that's what counts now.
 As an anti-Comey gal I was ready to eviscerate him. instead, I saw a man with morals, values and personal integrity who also is human and therefore imperfect. And insightful and highly intelligent. the book is an interesting glimpse into Washington's politics. I no longer hate him. Powerful men all have egos. And that's certainly not a flaw. The book might suprose you. And apologies that I didn't give a book report. Buy and read. Decide for yourself.
 From the excerpts quoted on the TV, I thought this was just another Trump-basher.  I bought it because, in my opinion, Trump deserves to be as thoroughly bashed as possible.  What I soon realized was that this book is a lot more.  This book is about an honest man saying, "Here I am and this is how I got here."  This is the story of a man's life, and that man is not Donald Trump.  This man is one who has made mistakes, admitted them, learned from them, and worked hard on correcting the damage.  He admits to having an ego, but works hard at not letting it lead him to harm himself and others.  He has dedicated his life to using his talents to help the people around him and the country he clearly loves.  I can't always approve of the results he achieved, but his motivations have always been above reproach.<br/>  Trump, in his hubris, may think he has been James Comey's downfall, but he is wrong.  By his shabby action, he has raised Comey to a status of a national hero on a level with Daniel Webster, henry Thoreau (For going to jail in opposition to the Mexican war) Sam Houston (When he refused to support  secession) and many others who chose to do the right thing even though it meant the end of their political careers.<br/>  I believe that this book, because of the way it treats on principles of leadership, the value of truthfulness, and its denunciation of false Mafia style oaths of loyalty, will still be on many reading lists long after" Art Of The Deal" has been relegated to the trashbin of history.<br/>  addendum:  I just learned on the news last night;  Any book written by a member of the FBI must be read, reviewed, and approved for publication by the FBI.  This book has undergone that process.  This assures me that there is no false information or illegal leaking in the book.
 Months ago I first heard of Director Comey.<br/><br/>As I struggled with the ups and downs of the 2016 presidential election, I realized maybe this man, who literally stands head and shoulders above everyone else, might offer an insider's view of the man elected. Donald Trump has NEVER been a man I'd ever want to meet, much less shake hands with. Sadly, Director Comey had no choice. As his book reveals, he tried to avoid him, as I would have, too.<br/><br/>After reading about Comey's grocery store manager, Mr. Howell, I felt Trump had never been exposed to anyone with that much wisdom and grace that Mr. Howell possessed. So much humility. An honorable man. Maybe, just maybe, one of these days Trump will come across someone like Mr. Howell.<br/><br/>Oh, wait. He already has.<br/><br/>Thank you, Mr. Comey for your wisdom and grace. Thank you for having the courage to speak truth, when it is so sorely lacking in the world. Thank you for your undying Leadership.<br/><br/>I would be honored to shake your hand. God Bless you and your family.
 I highly recommend this book. It’s not just about Trump it’s about leadership, ethics, finding the “right “ path thru thorny difficult situations and being true to yourself and the institutions you serve regardless of personal hits you may take. Everyone should read it and not make assumptions about it or Mr Comey. I think a lot of people will be surprised who may have had a incorrect impression of him and his motivations. I for one salute him and his courage.
 Comey is an incredibly articulate storyteller. Regardless of ones political views, this book helps showcase what is going on within the presidency and gives an optimistic view of how to look at the long term effects in our country.
 This is an excellent book. Like I said in the title, the author notes at the start set the tone and made me realize that no matter what political discussion comes up later, it's obvious that former FBI Director Comey is a man of high integrity and sound moral character. My reason for saying this has a lot to do with my own background. I am presently working as a leadership, ethics and anti-terrorism instructor for the U.S. Navy's International training center located in Pensacola, FL. Prior to that I served as a United States Marine for 28 years, retiring as a Master Gunnery Sergeant. During my career I served in war and peace and made just about every leadership mistake that you could think of. However, I served with some unbelievable and courageous leaders. I also served with some that were unbelievably horrible. Point being I saw just about every level of ethics and leadership right in front of me to witness, learn from and learned a lot of what not to do. On a professional note, since the election of Donald Trump trying to teach the basic tenants of leadership to international military people such as: Trust, integrity, selflessness, courage, etc, etc, has been difficult to say the least as the current president behaves in a way that goes against every leadership and ethical principle I have have every been taught or learned. Trust me when I tell you that people I deal with from around the world, closely listen to what he says and they are quick ask questions about the obvious difference in what we try to teach about leadership and ethics vs. what our president does and/or says? In any case, in the author notes of this book (and throughout) I heard the absolute right things about ethical leadership from someone who obviously knows what he is talking about. Compare that one page to the entire sum of every silly, insulting and frankly false thing president Trump has stated both in person and/or on Twitter and you'll realize in less time than it takes to read this post who is telling the truth about the conversations between these two. I plan to read the author notes of this book to my students. I won't defend Comey's political mistakes, or some the petty comments about Trump's appearance. but I have no problem defending what Comey says about leadership and ethics in this book. Which I think are spot on.
 I cannot get thru this book! Normally an avid reader this book is dry boring and full of his life story that is in all intents and purposes boring! I am tired of hearing about him. I hear he starts talking about Trump in chapter 10. I am on 6 and don't know if I have the strength. Whoever said this was inciteful is full of it. Bad book boring writing dry dry dry.<br/><br/>Not a fan of Trump either. I know some people are that gave bad reviews. SIGH.
 Given the hype about what Comey had to say about the President's dishonorable and potentially traitorous behavior, I was surprised that some of this book's most enjoyable and enlightening passages had nothing to do with Trump. A Higher Loyalty contains plenty of scintillating details about Comey's interactions with Trump, but most just shine new light on the same stinking pile we've already stepped in a dozen times. The greatest value of this book is the lesson it offers. Millions will read it looking for dirt, but they will find a path to remain clean while traversing a reeking and dangerous swamp.
 I wish every person who chooses to express personal opinions about the Trump Come relationship will read this book. I say so not because I believe Mr. Comey has a monopoly on the truth, but precisely because the truth is important. Comey wrote numerous, contemporaneous memos detailing his recollection of events. Trump has at best a cursory experience with the truth - to the point where I doubt he recognizes it. More importantly, the discussion of protecting the integrity of the FBI and DOJ brings critical discussions to public attention. Should the president control, without the checks and balances our Republic was founded upon, how Justice is dispensed, who is investigated and prosecuted? Imagine if every time an administration changed, it became common practice to prosecute and attempt to imprison people based solely on political affiliation. The core institutions of our democracy must be stronger than and resistant to any individual, whether elected president or not. In many other countries, dictators come and go, often with bloody consequences.  We either ascribe to the view that no one is above the law, or we devalue the law itself. I don't share 100% of Mr. Comey's views, but I greatly respect and appreciate his book for raising this discussion at a critical time for our country.
 While I doubt this book will win any awards, it is certainly a well-written and fair-minded memoir. Listening to comments on TV, internet and newspapers I was expecting a somewhat different book. I expected it to be an expose on Trump. But instead, it is a personal memoir with a focus on ethical leadership. In fact only 3 of 14 chapters are about Trump. Comey presents information like the investigator he is, providing details of what he saw, heard and understood about many events and situations in his professional career. The criticism about his presentation of physical details when describing Trump are consistent with his presentation when discussing, Bush, Obama or other individuals. He simply has a critical mind. I thought that Comey is clearly not short on ego, but then again, he never claims to be perfect. I would not say this book is a “must read”, but it provides relevant insights and is interesting. I am happy I read this book given what we confront every day in the news. I believe it provides an honest and reliable peek into the nasty web of political intrigue. Highly recommended.
 story line much too simple , the author did not keep me enthralled. Dull ,boring and I wish I spent my money on a other book !
 James Comey didn’t always use the best judgement---I don't agree with his reasoning on the Clinton matter.  He made mistakes, as all leaders do.  Our nation has suffered because he overstepped professional boundaries.  Nevertheless, Comey comes across as, in essence, an honorable, decent man trying, always trying, to do right by our country and it’s institutions.  He made a lot of good choices.  What more do we need to give him our respect?<br/><br/>The same accolades and trust are not due little-boy Trump.  Comey sees through the glass with reasonable clarity in his truth-telling memoir about higher loyalties.  He is a patriot who understands well the threat posed to our democratic republic by our poorly formed president who lies a lot, mixes lies with delusion, slanders freely, and is in essence corrupt and ruinous.<br/><br/>Reading Comey’s book, I grew irritated with him all over again because he ignored norms when he inserted  the powers of the FBI into the 2016 presidential race, with destructive results for our country and the world (with Trump as the destructive result!).  It is no small thing that he chose wrong when he announced the reactivation of the investigation into Clinton’s emails days short of the election, while failing to disclose that Trump and his enablers were also under investigation for potentially more serious transgressions.  I am guessing, as he suggests, that he thought it certain that Clinton would win so it wouldn’t hurt to put his punch in there to give the Republicans a bit of a boost in earned trust.  Oops!<br/><br/>I was similarly irritated by Comey’s judgement of colleagues such as Lynch for asking him to change one word, from “investigation” of Clinton to “matter”.  Is it really so wrong for politicians and appointees to try to save themselves by persuading other players to soften their language a bit?  Yes, it is sort of wrong, but why sweat the small stuff?  As another example, he, or perhaps his editors, decide to comment on the size of Trump’s hands and other physical features. In sum, Comey can be overly scrupulous and critical in his outlook. (Or maybe he just wants to stick it to Trump...)<br/><br/>Big picture, however, Comey is using his position as past-director of the FBI to help save America from the stranglehold of our current mafia-like administration.  He has clearly landed, as he always does, on the pro-America side of the fence.  Flaws in judgment notwithstanding, I deeply appreciate his patriotism and truth-telling and essential goodness.  He helped create the world’s problems with Trump but now he is doing what he can to push back.<br/><br/>I recommend that every American with an appetite for the truth read Comey’s insightful,  powerfully honest and well-written book.  Just don’t go into it looking for perfection from the FBI giant.  He has wonderful qualities but his flaws helped land us in a heap of trouble when a deranged, dishonest,  delusional liar and slanderer won for president.  But. whatever Comey's shortcomings, he is Team-America all the way.
 I have a great deal of respect for this man, James Comey.  In my heart of hearts I believe he's an honest and truthful man. I'm grateful that we still have men like him in our government such as the FBI.
 I am not all the way through but am finding the book far more substantive, and a far better read than I might have thought from all the snarky headlines and sniping about the book in the press.<br/><br/>It is written basically as a paean to integrity and honor.  It reminds us of what America has attempted to be, and brings hope that we can be that again, if we can emerge from all of the dishonor and shame that the current occupant of the White House has brought upon the country (and the GOP).  Thus far it is simply describing his struggles to live an honorable life and pursue a meaningful career dedicated to the rule of law, which he has done for decades.  I appreciate his honesty about his own flaws, and his love for this country and its values.
 All lies, Book really is terrible!
 Engaging and enlightening.  A fun read.  It was helpful understanding his history: covering the mob, indicting Martha Stewart, encouraging Ashcroft not to reauthorize the domestic surveillance program crafted by Cheney and implemented by Bush.  He is self-deprecating, has a sense of humor, and is morally serious.  Some people don't like the latter.  They prefer morally squishy people.<br/><br/>That does not mean that I was always comfortable with his choices.  But he did not make them frivolously, and surely did not do them to promote his selfish interest.<br/><br/>If you read this book—and give it half a chance—and then listen to Trump, you have NO doubt about who is telling the truth and who is lying.  Its Lying, slippery, selfish Trump.
 Read what the left or right winged media is not telling you. A good read, and from what I can ascertain, honorably written. The comments on Trump's skin color and hands, were observations any good law enforcement person would take note of as a force of habit...people are making too much of this and for the wrong (political) reasons. I believe Comey should have resigned immediately and/or flied a formal complaint if he felt Trump tried to get him to look the other way, obstruct justice etc.; he didn't because he seemed to truly love his job desperately wanting to keep it; but it was clearly a mistake.  The fact dems and republicans both have such hatred toward him, makes me believe he's telling the truth...there's generally 3 sides to every story.  The main message in the book was those in high places (public and private sector) should conduct themselves with honor and integrity setting a good example.  In the book Comey was actually quite self deprecating in many instances. I believe many would prefer to work for a man like him with such strong ethical morals, and we need more like him.
 We are constantly trying to be truthful in our.life and I have received a great lesson that I'm not the only person who struggles with it. Instead I realized that it is from that struggle that honesty and integrity lie. You did better than most men Mr. Comey be proud of what you have accomplished!!
 Just got it this afternoon and it's REALLY hard to put down.  Very well written, like he's just hanging out and talking to you, and while what I have read so far is pretty much what I suspected, this president is FRIGHTENING, and I don't think he is gonna last past 18 months in office.  The story just gets worse and worse every day.  I will add thoughts once I read it all, but first impression is that this book is hard to put down, and so far so good...
 James Comey will go down in history as an arrogant buffoon. In reading the book it was about James Comey Savior of America from the 45 president. History will catch up to this self promoting con.
 A must read book explaining the FBI and the necessity of honesty, clarity and the development of consistent integrity in our Justice system.  The author gives me hope that our nation will survive with thoughtful, careful law enforcement.So far, partisanship has not been evident.  I'm only 3/4 of the way thru the book.  The discussion I most fear is possibly coming and that is criticism of Hillary and Bill who I love and support.  I plan to give the book to my many children so they too may get renewed faith that something akin to magic could save  the social progress it has taken centuries to build that is now in serious danger of being lost.
 I bought the book mainly to get more colour on Trump and the Russia investigation but got so much more. Comey is a good writer and has led an interesting life which he shares some of in the book. It’s amazing how he has managed to be a non-partisan in such a polarized political environment. I walked away much more impressed with him than the unfair media coverage of him, from both the left and the right, allows. I’m doubly determined to pay much less attention to the news and short-form journalism as per Nassim Taleb’s admonition.
 Finished in one evening.  A very well written book, more of an autobiography.  I appreciated his decisions more after reading the book. He didn't dwell on Trump, thank goodness, but was clear about what he thinks of our situation.
 Make no mistake, this book isn’t just about Comey versus Trump or the Clinton email saga. The former FBI director brings readers through his early experiences, his education and talks about the people who catapulted him toward a career based on honesty integrity and, most importantly, a deep love and dedication to America. Although I’d heard that James Comey was a man of principal I wasn’t too pleased when, on Oct. 27, he reopened the Clinton email case. But, Comey explains his “rock and a hard place” choices and why he opted to make an announcement that surely would have leaked anyway. None of us know what we would have done in his shoes, but after reading the book I’m glad he, an honest man with a conscience, was wearing the right shoes at the right time.
 This book has received so much pre-release publicity that many of its statements and disclosures have already been reported on, either through press articles or in Comey's own interviews promoting the book.<br/><br/>For myself, I consider this book to be significant and worth reading for several reasons.<br/><br/>First, even though there have been an unusually high number of Trump administration officials who have either been fired or resigned in just the new administrations first year, this is the first memoir from a principal member of that administration to appear (other books have been written, notably Michael Wolff's <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Fire-and-Fury-Inside-the-Trump-White-House/dp/B077F4WZZY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House</a>, but they are second hand reports, whereas Comey is writing from his personal experience).<br/><br/>Second, it is remarkable not only that a senior official, but a top Justice Department official, one who has spent his career in law enforcement, has written in such candid and blunt terms, almost impolitic. Comey is already receiving a great deal of criticism for the harshness of his criticism of Trump, and for the sometimes petty observations he's included (mentioning Trumps hand size, for example).<br/><br/>In fact, given the daily criticism that Trump receives, much of what Comey says is less shocking that it would otherwise be, since he basically confirms what has been reported about Trump and his administration since the very beginning.<br/><br/>Most importantly, though, for those who can read this book and consider Comey to be a truthful reporter of his experiences with Trump, something that his career reputation does support, then the picture painted here is not just worrying but downright alarming. That Comey feels strongly enough about the President of the United States to equate him with a Mob boss is not just unprecedented, but shocking.<br/><br/>I consider it to be striking that no other current or former high officials from the Trump administration have spoken out to dispute any of Comey's statements. That, to me, is further evidence supporting what Comey has written. He has, I believe, simply put into words what other senior administration officials have seen and believe, but were unwilling to state publicly. It's one thing to hear stories about Rex Tillerson calling Trump a 'f-ing moron' in private, but I would not expect Tillerson to make that same statement in writing, should he come out with his own story. But maybe not, since every day seems to take us into new territory in this age of strongly divided politics.<br/><br/>In normal times, such revelations from the former head of the FBI would be devastating to a sitting President, but these are not normal times. Trump seems to be impermeable to criticism, at least among his base of supporters.<br/><br/>Comey served in the administrations of two other Presidents - he was Deputy Attorney General for George W. Bush, and was first appointed to be the Director of the FBI by Barrack Obama. His book includes many remarks about these two Presidents, to contrast them with Trump and perhaps in an effort to balance the tone of the book, but few will purchase this book to read what he has to say about Bush or Obama, or to read about Comey's early days as an attorney and prosecutor.<br/><br/>This is all about what Comey thinks about Donald Trump, and it is both remarkable and devastating.
 Easily the best book I've read so far this year. This book is an inside peak at incredibly important events that occurred inside our government in the past 2 decades. His profound career in our government that spans across every administration gives a glimpse that few others could hope to match. At times, Comey can come across as sanctimonious, but he still retains enough humility and self-observant of his own flaws that I believe he's genuine. I couldn't put it down, read it cover to cover, without stopping.
 I was interested in this book obvoiusly because of what's been going on in the USA. I found it to be very knowledgeable and well told. Interestig POV from a former FBI Director with details that the pubic just didn't have before. It gives the reader a better understanding on why's and how's.  He freely and throughout the book, accepts, acknowledges and apologizes for mistakes. It takes courage to write from a hard and personal exerience. The basis and principal of what he's standing for and against speak volumes.
 Fascinating (and surprisingly amusing) account of years of inside work at the FBI.<br/><br/>I usually read fiction spy novels - so I expected this truthful account to be rather dry and boring - it is neither.<br/><br/>I'm not sure why the press is so down on Comey - he is overly self-deprecating throughout this book. If one even reads just the preface, it nullifies all the complaints against him in an intellectual yet heartfelt manner.<br/><br/>I'm not done with the book yet - but I find it hard to put down - and I'm a "skimmer" - one who likes to jump through the pages usually to get to the point. This book is surprisingly well-written. I did not expect him to be as engaging, funny, or forthright.<br/><br/>Very funny anecdotes throughout, and definitely a winner.
 Great.  Just what I expected.
 Comey appears to have had an honorable career serving the United States by upholding the laws of this land with courage and integrity. This book describes his concerns about the current administration and how it is conducting the business of this natiion. These convictions are based on his own experiences, tempered by his personal sense of ethics. That aspect of the book is well done.  However, I wish that he had made the book less of an autobiography. While I am interested in Comey’s professional experiences, judgements, and recommendations, I am less interested in his life as a middle school student. His self deprecating early personal experiences detract from the impact of the story that he wants readers to hear. Even when he is sharing a specific encounter with high level officials, he throws in unnecessary trivia that weakens his message. The epilogue is a powerfully written piece that serves as a call to all Americans, whether in government or not, to question our nation’s direction and to respond according to their conscience. I wish the rest of the book had been as strong.
 After reading this book, I finally see the true definition of "the swamp." Everyone on both sides of the aisle keep saying, we need an independent council to investigate this or that. Someone from the outside who will be objective.  That is a noble sentiment but why do those who choose these independent councils keep choosing people living in the swamp? The incest is disgusting!  All these players are east coast educated and politically connected to one or both sides of the investigation. Comey spoke poorly about two of the three presidents for whom he served. The only one smart enough to get his ideology was President Obama. He spoke poorly about presidents Bush and Trump. Although it appears he at least respected some actions by Bush.  When I finished this book, I had several reactions and drew a few conclusions about Mr. Comedy. First, he writes well and I particularly enjoyed his early stories about leaders he admired in everyday life. Second, I have this feeling that he is somewhat of a drama queen (no insinuations regarding his gender identity intended).  In ever one of his stories he seems to see drama and attach deeper meaning to other's actions and words. He describes himself on numerous occasions as the only one knowing and pursuing the only true pathway to justice.  Comey, Mueller, Clintons, all these folks have history and have crossed paths through the years.  In order to ever find a truly independent investigator, you have to leave the swamp. There are other fine law schools in our country besides the Ivey leagues, Chicago, Columbia,etc. Why isn't someone ever selected from one of the western States who have never served as anything in the swamp? Lastly, as a human being, why could not Comey as the top cop/lawyer say to Trump, Sir, what you are asking about could be interpreted as an attempt to obstruct justice.  I am uncomfortable with the way this conversation is going. As a lawyer I must advise you not to pursue any line of questioning of related to Flynn or the Russian probe.  If he had done that and then resigned if Trump had continued, I would still admire him. After reading this book and watching every interview he has given while promoting it, I have zero respect for him.
 I too loved the humor and his account only<br/>added to my already tremendous respect for this man.<br/><br/>Note to Amazon:  Please delete the one star review by The gaze.  He isn't a verified purchaser and is clearly a right-wing troll.  I've reported him twice and he's still there!<br/><br/>As far as the 2016 election is concerned, I only voted for Hillary because of her opponent.  I never believed she would be a great President and am still angry at the DNC for shoving her down our throats.  I just wish she would go away  quietly but she seems determined to try to stay relevant.  She isn't and never will be.
 Although I HATE how this man affected Hillary's chance of winning, I admire his reasons and his integrity on why he did what he did. Also, I love how he has the STONES to speak up on the orange oaf that Russia put in the WH. From his tacky combover, to his moon shaped crescents under his eyes from the tanning bed  ?!] to his pee pee tape...Comey did a good job on this book. Trump will never EVER be believable in anything except to his brainwashed rural followers. The rest of the country, the world despises him.
 Good read.  It has a lot more about Comey's life and career than about his recent interactions with Trump.  Easy and enjoyable to read.  I was impressed by the number of big headline criminal cases Comey's been involved with through the past four decades. Comey makes clear his focus on the line between the FBI and the White House and the value of that independence.
 At first I was concerned that this book would be only an attack on the president. In actuality, this book is an inspiring story that outlines the fundamentals of what it means to be a good person. In addition to clarifying Comey’s actions during 2016, this book defends victims of bullies, encourages Americans to be brave, and re-exalts Truth as an American virtue. This book is exactly what our country needs right now.
 James Comey is a man with the highest integrity and honour who was placed in an impossible situation. He probably lost Hilary the election but I now understand his decisions and respect him for his dedication to serve this country. I wish him well and we neeed more people of his quality in our government. Sadly we have the complete opposite now but that is also the responsibility of millions of other people, not Mr Comey. Those who wish to criticize him should remember that great line from To kill a mockingbird, “I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.<br/>- Atticus Finch”
 Didn’t know what to expect from the book. I have seen a lot of his interviews so was not sure what was left to hear. I was pleasantly surprised, loved the writing style and he had a lot more to say...dare say, still does!  Great read.
 Soap box time: a Higher Loyalty is a very good read. It is obvious to me that the pundits and talking heads squalling about it have read only the epilogue. The epilogue is, in my opinion, inspiring and true. James Comey is funny, introspective, observant and completely believable in an account of his career that doesn't even get into the disaster that is Trump until more than halfway through his book.<br/>For God's sake, people, the man was fired on three networks and still stopped to praise his coworkers and shake their hands before finding out his own status.<br/>It is nice to see that there was one man with nobility of purpose whether it be hubris or not. I hope he makes bank on this book. I think it may well be a classic treatise on doing right because you believe it to be right. "On this I stand."
 Honestly - this is more then just about politics, and whilst the general opinion in the press is that it's a book bashing Trump, that's simply not true.  This follows the life, career and mindset of someone who - through this book - seems to be a genuinely ethical, honest and intelligent person, and one that I wish I'd been lucky enough to work with, or with people like him.  A fascinating read, and I'm very glad that I bought it - I recommend it to anyone who would like to know more about the "guy that ran the FBI" and some of the many achievements he's made over the years, as well as getting a glimpse of what it's like behind the scenes of some of the larger institutions the US has.
 Thank you Mr. Comey for your honesty, bravery, integrity and one of the best books I've read. I couldn't put it down. I'm just disappointed that we no longer have a person with your knowledge and integrity overseeing the white house.  The American people need people like you in the world and especially in law enforcement protecting us from the current evil that is in power at the White House.  Your book is an inspiration.
 5/5: This was a compelling and insightful read. I learned that while the media may report the “news”, they don’t always report the truth. Mr. Comey’s “Higher Loyalty” was and is to the American people and the Constitution of the United States. Though at the time of the reopening of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails angered me because it was right before the election, I have learned from this book that he and the FBI were legally bound to do so. I highly recommend you read this book in order to learn the facts around the 2016 election and the reasoning behind the firing of James Comey.
 I thought I would be bored with this but I wanted to give Mr. Comey some support after what was done to him by "he who shall remain unnamed".  Plus, he is a republican and I"m a flaming liberal.  But I was completely wrong.  I am really enjoying this and though I don't agree with all his logic, I can see he is a man of immense integrity.  How anyone could think otherwise is beyond me.
 Every now and then, life tests everyone.  And sometimes there are no good options.  I'm so glad he wrote the book, so we can all understand what actually happened.  I wanted the truth and it wasn't what I thought at all.  So important to keep teaching the next generation, as he describes in the book.  Excellent advice for any leadership.  I'm looking forward to seeing more of his appearances.
 It must read... nobody is perfect ; however been honest and professional must be something we can feel proud of !<br/>Highly recommend!
 Jim Comey is a talented writer. The specific details, the stories, the images he paints make this book a pleasurable read. His account of the last time he spoke with President Obama was touching and brought a tear to my eye. His observations of how Donald Trump's management style eerily reminded him of his experiences earlier in his career interacting with Mafia made men and bosses. He describes the fact that Trump goes on and on leaving no room for others to speak and how he eventually came to the conclusion that the President does this to pull others into his alternative reality and a mob like silent circle of assent to the lies he is spinning. He corrupts those around him by pulling them into his view of the facts, rather than seeking their true opinions and disagreements with his own. Many fascinating stories here.
 Got the book and read it in one day; couldn't put it down.  Definitely recommend the book, it's a great read.
 James Comey delivers a beautiful and thoughtful story of the inspiring and deflating experiences of a man trying to exemplify the leaders he most admires. I read this book within a day and wasn’t disappointed at all. The journey of this mans career stands as a testament to the paramount necessity for our leaders to evaluate and educate themselves on a better brand of leadership. A resounding call to be honest in all aspects of life and service that has gotten lost in Party politics and Washington’s tribal warfare. A brilliant book with inspiration anyone can draw from.
 This book was far more interesting and informative than I thought it would be. If you are thinking this book is just some rant against Trump, you are wrong. It details James Comey's vast experience as a U.S. attorney investigating Mafia crimes in New York, his prosecution of Martha Stewart for insider trading, and prosecution of Scooter Libby for outing the identity of a CIA operative, as well as his working relationships with Presidents Obama and George W. Bush. It also explains his reasoning in investigating the Clinton email affair. Finally, Comey does discuss the very odd presidency of Trump and how his interactions with him differed greatly from the relationships he had with other presidents and not in a good way. It is clear that James Comey is a disciplined, ethical, and honorable man who made the FBI a better place. I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in politics or the truth about events in the news before and after the election..
 The book is well written.  It may be the first Kindle book I've read that didn't have spelling or grammatical errors.  I was surprised at the amount of personal information included, but I enjoyed it.  In the end, I believe most people are going to feel there is too much personal information about Comey, and not enough detail information about the investigations.  Still, a good book.
 Excellent, insightful book.  Complete honesty.
 Wonderful book start to finish. Got it last night at midnight and could not put it down. James Comey is a standup member of my local community. His integrity is unimpeachable. While I haven’t learned anything brand new about the current administration in this book it is very well written and makes you really think about our American future going forward.
 A must read. He takes you back to the beginning and how early experiences in life shaped him into the professional he became. He has Served the United States of America and everyone should respect him for that. Also, love his wife. Read this book!!!
 This is a real page turner and very well-written. Some of the things I already knew and others not. Comey prosecuted many Mafia people and his comparison between  them and trump is very interesting.  Also, some of the details about the Ashcroft situation. Very glad I bought this book because as of now there are 317 people on the waiting list for it at my local library. Folks, 317? I won't live that long!
 I believe James Comey.  He is an Eagle Scout kind of guy, and always has been.  Reading the details of the many political situations he had to deal with, long before the current regime, was most enlightening.  His explanation of what occurred regarding the Clinton emails and the process he felt was necessary helped me to understand why he had to SPEAK rather than CONCEAL.<br/><br/>I highly recommend reading this book to get a better glimpse into Comey himself, his integrity, his self-honesty, and his hope that we will recover from the forest fire we find ourselves in.<br/><br/>This is book is far from boring, as some reviewers have stated.
 I have a better understanding of the man, and how he reached decisions. Personally,  I hope Hillary will someday take responsibility for the private servers, I mean really, who would do that?.<br/>Had to pause my reading when his little boy died, I was crying so hard.  The epilogue renewed my faith in America, that we will survive this disaster of an administration.  His pure love for the FBI is inspiring, and I sleep better knowing there are people of his caliber in FBI keeping us safe.  I chuckled at his distain of Cheney, at his descriptions of Trump.  His wife Patrice sounds absolutely awesome.  I read this book in a day and a half.  Thank you Mr. Comey for writing it and giving us some fresh clean air when we need it most.
 Well thought out compelling read. Comey tells of his own shortcomings honestly and frankly. Those criticizing his description of Trumps appearance should just skip that short paragraph, it was not critical just a quick observation of the subject. Mr Comey has always had my respect  after reading this he has it now more than ever. Thanks for writing this, very smart narrative.
 So glad that James Comey wrote a book to impart his wisdom. Integrity is in his DNA and it is a privilege to partake in what he is sharing. This book is NOT about the 45th president. It is about what makes an ethical leader, based on his own personal and professional experience. Comey is a natural writer and I flew through the book. Already sent it to nine other friends! Great read.
 A skillfully written and affecting memoir. Comey shares formative experiences: suffering a random attack by a serial home invader as a teenager, being bullied and then bullying, losing an infant son. There's a lot of detail about his decision to announce the reopening of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server right before the election. Given that situation as he described it, had I been in his shoes, I can't say for sure what I would have done. He means to reveal the ethical complexity and he does it well.<br/><br/>He speaks positively of working for President George W. Bush and then for President Obama, but he has no such appreciation for President Trump. Contradicting longstanding norms of U.S. government, Trump demanded loyalty from Comey in his nonpartisan, ten-year term as the FBI Director, and when Comey did not give it unconditionally and did not halt the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, Trump fired him. "We had that thing, you know," Trump said to Comey, referring to the previous conversation in which he had asked for loyalty. Comey's knowledge of La Cosa Nostra ("that thing of ours," the Mafia's name for itself) adds a layer of meaning. Comey knows what Mafia guys are like, and he does not live like them; he is not swayed by appeals to loyalty. That's how he became FBI Director and that's also how he lost his job under Trump.<br/><br/>“I say this as someone who has worked in law enforcement for most of my life, and served presidents of both parties. What is happening now," he warns from his new position as a private citizen, "is not normal. It is not fake news. It is not okay.” For those who support Trump’s policy agenda because they believe it will benefit them personally somehow, Comey delivers a reminder that “the core of our nation is our commitment to a set of shared values that began with George Washington—to restraint and integrity and balance and transparency and truth. If that slides away from us, only a fool would be consoled by a tax cut or a different immigration policy.”
 Read this in almost one sitting!  Very difficult to put down.  Shows Comey's integrity and comprehensiveness .
 don't bother.
 An honest autobiography leading up to the events of his termination. His writing style leads you to think I could sit down and have a cup of coffee or a cold beer with him. Yes, there is some bias, after all he was fired. I don't think he was very crazy about Hillary either, which makes him a neutral figure in the election, in my opinion.  I truly feel he was doing his job the best he could.
 An honest ethical man defends himself and the nation from a childish bully.
 I did not learn anything new.It is a good book and I think it validates comey legacy and Trumps corruption. he still Bedouin the goodness of the country.He also shows he is flawed like we all are.
 Absolutely fantastic book that has cemented my pride and trust in our FBI.  Thank You Mr. Comey for being a true Patriot!
 Started it at a library -just couldn't contine. Poorly written, arrogant, condescending, just an awful book.
 Very well-written, a real page-turner!  I think Comey made mistakes, but by reading his book, I got a sense that he is a white-hat good guy who was fired for doing his job scrupulously and ethically.
 Forget the TV interviews - they're just about all vulture interviews - same stupid questions.  And yes, the part about Trump's hair and hands is not spiteful just observational.  I come from a career in government and was sincerely interested in Comey's view on the most controversial and high profile cases he had worked on as a prosecutor and FB!: government is a different animal in leadership - as there is the politics side pushing up against the work at hand - you always just want to do your best in dealing with issues - but politics is always trying to put a spin on.  Comey does a brilliant, thoughtful job of telling us how he approached all of this and also, very importantly, how he endeavored to grow leadership in the FBI.  If you are thinking this book is just about finding the dirt on it all - well it's not - it's a careful but honest (above-all honest) reporting of his experiences.  I found his efforts to explain the hard work of trying to turn around the Bush Whitehouse on the legal issues of torture both fascinating and heart-wrenching because the efforts of the legal team were herculean and amazing. People don't know how hard their government works to do the right thing - but this illustrates the rigor and intellect that goes into dealing with the big issues of our time.  I would highly recommend listing to his audible book - I have both read and listened to the book and he does an excellent job in the audible version.
 Found the book to be very enlightening.
 The book is garbage.
 This is an excellent book. Comey enlightens us on his beliefs and values. He makes it possible to believe that some government employees do have the good of our country in mind. He also shows what a danger Trump is.o
 Forget Trump, this book is required reading for the life lessons and wisdom it imparts. People like Comey make America great.
 I enjoyed reading this book very much, I view it as his biography and his views. We may or may not agree with him but we all have learned as we grow older and I feel we all as Americans are able to express what we are like. Thank you Mr Comey
 Mr. Comey has written an engaging and insightful book that is about so much more than the events he witnessed in his career.  It is very well worth the purchase.
 This biography reveals the plight of service to country for what it is. A struggle for respect of self through sacrifice. Trump is merely the anathema to this rewarding journey of purpose and does not detract from its worthiness, rather obligates it. Justice done well requires the boldness and courage of the witness who comes forth. Thank you James for your service.
 A higher loyalty? To himself, I would assume.<br/><br/>This is a lying, childish, self-serving, narcissistic, money grab from a partisan author who can't even keep his story straight. His interviews contradict his book and this book is probably illegal in that it talks about an ongoing sham "investigation" that isn't even an investigation, it's an investigation to find something to investigate.
 Well written.  Director Comey gives a believable excuse for his role in the 2016 election.  Good outline for a discussion on leadership.  In spite of reviews, I did not find this to be a vanity project.  In fact, it seems to be the exact opposite.  He clearly describes his mistakes and the lessons learned from them.
 I've read only about 40% of the book.<br/><br/>I don't know whether I'll get any further.<br/><br/>Why? It's stupendously dull (thus far).<br/><br/>Time and again, Comey tries to make points regarding ethics by pointing to those he says influenced him.<br/><br/>If he needed those "character molders", something is lacking.<br/><br/>Furthermore, he mentiones being one of a group of frightened college students.<br/><br/>Frightened, apparently, simply by being away from home.<br/><br/>Wow.<br/><br/>18 year old men are on the front lines, risking and sometimes giving their lives.<br/><br/>How many 18 year-olds died in WWII?<br/><br/>- The remainder of this "review" is largely a self-commentary. Even duller than Comey's book.<br/><br/>I left home at 16. For a short time, I slept outdoors, in a sleeping bag. I crossed half the country.<br/>As a college freshman I was quite happy (if tired, as I was also working 30 hours per week).<br/><br/>Frightened? How is that even possible?  Barring a specific reason.]<br/><br/>While in college, I heard only one person express apprehension regarding being away from home (causing me to think of her as about 12 years old, emotionally). Prior to that, it had never crossed my mind that someone might be "frightened" regarding being "away from home" for college. BTW, I never thought of it as being "away from home". I WAS home.  In that, I was in the minority of dorm students, prompting me to leave the dorms in my freshman year. During summer (and other times), the dorms closed, and most students "went home". I had to rent an apartment, particularly since I worked about 50 hours/week during these times. Inconvenient.]
 Riveting book! His story is compelling and hard to put down.
 fast read and he has a great sense of humor book is enjoyable and a fast read which is wonderful
 Stuck in a lose/lose situation Comey lays out which was the worst and went in the other direction. Imagine having to be put in a position that helped elect the most controversial POTUS. Either way he was doomed.
 I cannot get past the self serving excuses for his handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton but this remains a needed wake up call to Americans about just how easily things can go wrong when an egomaniacal person gains power.  An important book because truth tellers matter.
 Comey shares his thoughts and experience on working for great leaders throughout his career, examining the traits that made them great. It’s not really an indictment on Trump as much as pinpointing the traits Trump demonstrates as a weak and insecure leader who demands personal loyalty.
 This book was probably difficult to write for Comey.  It's an honest review of his own mistakes and what really happened. He has my support as does everyone who will stand for decency and honesty.
 I guess we all know from the news what his main points on Trump are, but the book is entertaining with fascinating stories and I was surprised to discover that Comey is funny. Worth reading.
 Outstanding read on importance of truth, leadership and doing the right thing when you are up against the wall.  Mr Comey is a North Star when it comes to integrity, truth and justice. Something we all should try to emulate.
 Buy it for the Trump details but read it for its praise of integrity and leadership.  A well written plea for us to return to our core values as Americans.  Whether or not you agree with his decisions, Mr Comey is a thoughtful man to whom integrity, leadership and honor are the measures of success.  His is a great and inspiring story even (especially?) without the madness of Trump
 Great read from a steadfast public servant. Not a rant but a recounting of a career dedicated to the country and not to the self. Trump and Clinton do not enter the book until the last quarter. I found it enlightening and encouraging that devotion to the nation and high morals of leadership are alive and well in the country. If you want a scathing review of the President look elsewhere. Director Comey recounts his life and many of the formative moments that defined him as a person and as an American leader not beholden to party politics or "tribal games" as the author calls it but to his own sense of duty.
 No good
 a "must" read
 After reading this book I feel better about Comey's decision to make public re-opening the Clinton email investigation.He went step by step and he did not make this decision alone. What bothers me is the weakness shown by Loretta Lynch in not taking the lead to re-open the email investigation. That was her job.<br/>I am a backer of Hillary Clinton and make no mistake I was angry when this investigation was re-opened so close to the election but it should not have swayed votes. It was closed prior to the election. Those of us that come from NY were well aware of the unethical practices of Trump and saw story after story of the small businesses he put into bankruptcy because he refused to pay the bill.<br/>So if you had to choose which man has more integrity Trump or Comey there should not be a moments hesitation that it is Comey hands down.<br/>If you want answers to why Jim Comey did the things he did he doesn't hold back about himself. He does show his short comings but he also showed through actions true grit.
 After reluctanly buying this book, seeing all of the highly partisan and political interviews preceding its release, I decided to give it a try with an open mind.<br/>I received the book earlier this morning, and I have not yet put it down. For the record, I am a Trump supporter (for the most part), but this book only has a small section relating to trump. The rest is filled with incredible stories about leadership, persevering through tough times, and living with higher values of honesty, intergity, compassion, and love.<br/>It is incredibly well written and thoughtful, and he takes you through his career, starting as a prosecutor, to becoming the Director of the FBI. A fascinating tale and journey, one which has influenced me to live life with more courage, humility, and optimism.<br/><br/>Needless to say, I am so glad I purchased this book—it has already taught me invaluable lessons in leadership and how to prosper through tough times.<br/>I never thought I would say this, but I deeply respect James Comey and the dedication of service he has given our country.<br/>Give this book a try with an open mind—you will NOT regret it.<br/><br/>Sincerely,<br/><br/>Joe
 Thank you James Comey for introducing  your personal self to us, your readers. Your self-reflection helped me to trust and embrace the important true facts you presented in this book. I also find personal comfort from your assurance that the FBI continues as an entity separate from the dictates of elected leaders of our United States government. As a private citizen it scares me to think that an egotistical driver at the helm might drive us to our doom. Today I feel safer trusting that there are still some checks and balances in place and the FBI continues its watch. Thank you for your years of service, your honesty and personal integrity.
 I found the book very interesting. Comey still seems self-righteous in some ways and unable to admit that his decisions affected the 2016 election. I recommend reading the book, but try to do do with an open mind.
 Just came in today and I can't put it down. I have not been into understanding or caring about the political views and moronic tweets by someone who can't manage to send a message without calling other people names, I guess he was not taught that in grade school or sadly anything else about getting along with people of different views. I am enjoying reading a book by someone with more intelligence! This book is a must read even for those of us who hate politics!
 I found this book to be extremely well-written and inspiring.  As other reviewers have stated, this book is about much more than Comey's interactions with Trump.  There were parts of this story that literally brought tears to my eyes.  I was especially fascinated by his understandings of how the mafia works and the correlations between their behavior and that of our current occupant of the WH.  Our country is so blessed to still have a few good men and women who are willing to stand up for principle and take the fall for difficult decisions to save the reputation of their agency, in this case the FBI and the Department of Justice.  If only there were Republicans in congress who would be willing to do the right thing and make decisions that would be in the best interest of the country.  In a Republican form of government supposedly those serving in Congress or in the Department of Justice, etc., etc. have access to a much bigger picture and more information on which to make decisions than does the general public.  The tragedy is that too many in public service are unwilling to do the right thing because they are totally intimidated by those who could vote them out of office.  And unfortunately too many of those voters no longer care about the principles on which our country was founded.
 Comey's memoir is a convincing narrative that paints him as an administrator and a crusader for truth. Although there are times where it seems he is more committed to the appearance of being impartial than impartiality itself, this text certainly bolsters the ex-FBI director's credibility and thoroughness. His experience in serving both George W. Bush and Barack Obama's administrations show that he has an understanding of previous republican and democratic leadership and thus an appropriate judge of the current White House administration. As a memoir, A Higher Loyalty does cover a significant portion of Comey's life and is an engaging read, even with my own personal issues with his positions on police brutality and the prison system. Comey has high standards for leaders and outlines his philosophy on what good leadership looks like. He is articulate, conscientious, and ethical--things that seem rare these days in government leadership. Anyone who has been following the news with any regularity has something to benefit from reading this book even across party lines.
 A memoir written by an honest man is unusual, in that it provides a glimpse not only into the man's strengths, but also his weaknesses. You're going to read about character and integrity; you'll also encounter cowardice and fear. If I were reviewing this from a political point of view, I'd stress one set of attributes over the other. But... instead I'm marveling about the honesty. Anyone who speaks of themselves also includes some "spin." It's part of being human and not robotic, I believe. We can only see ourselves through our own eyes, after all. So, what makes one person credible, and another not credible? Well, for one, consistency. As much as we all should "live in the now," what one said yesterday should always be compared to what is said today. You need a track record to be considered credible. Has Comey established consistency? IMHO, yes.<br/>Second, admitting vulnerabilities &amp; faults lends credibility. If you are in a job interview, and they ask you to "Describe your biggest weakness," replying "My biggest weakness is that sometimes I understate how awesome I am" pretty much guarantees you're not going to get the job (well, most jobs, anyway). Usually the interviewer is looking for an honest self-assessment, to be assured you understand your weaknesses and have strategies to deal with them. Again, IMHO, Comey's writing passes this test of credibility.<br/>This all just covers the 'background' part of the book. The descriptions of mob loyalty and the observations of Mr. Guliani would otherwise be simply anecdotes, except Comey poses them as learnings. I find that credible.<br/><br/>So... what of the book, end to end? There are at least two extreme ways to view this book - as a argument for why integrity matters in the upper echelons of the government (or any institution, really), or as a step-by-step prosecutors indictment of a sitting president? My opinion? It's somewhere in-between. Comey's treatment of Trump in the book is not particularly different from how he writes about anyone else - objective, observant, factual as he sees the facts.
 This book is not some crazy revelation about what we don't already know. It's honest regarding how individuals within the FBI are hard at work to ethically provide non-biased and non-partisan information. There are many men and women in our government who provide honest facts and opinions. James Comey is by definition a true leader. Leaders are not petty, they do not lie, steal, or demand loyalty like a mafia boss.<br/><br/>You can be angry with him for the decisions he made at the time, but I ask you. Could you have done any better?
 This is the fascinating story of a person who hopes most people can put reason above their beliefs, feelings and making a buck.  You can immediately see he's going to have an interesting life. Full of problems.  He wrote the book himself.  It's well plotted, balanced and builds almost imperceptibly to a riveting climax.<br/>While waiting for Robert Caro to write his fifth volume on The Years of Lyndon Johnson, I finished off the two volume set on Hitler by Ian Kershaw and I found myself at a loose end and came across this little book A Higher Loyalty by James Comey.  The LBJ and Hitler books are about how to get power and how to use power when you get it.  Caro devoted most of his life to studying power.<br/>Comey's book, on the other hand,  is an account of personally dealing mostly with people who have economic, political or criminal power and  who sometimes seek more power by bullying and breaking the law.  He finds repeated  patterns of behavior in power seekers and the people<br/>they attract.<br/>Comey is eventually, after a lifetime of interactions with well known power seekers, drawn into the orbit of  Donald Trump who is President of the USA.  Trump does not know how to use power.  He has no goals, no plans and thinks people will do whatever he wants.  He's afraid his past will catch up with him.  The book gives hints into this mysterious past.  Comey dances around  as Trump tries to button him down.  A cat and mouse drama.  Comey will not go along with Trump who wants some of his people to get off the FBI hook.  In the end, Comey is a sort of a Becket to Trump as in "Will no one rid me of this meddlesome priest?"<br/>This book tells the inside stories of power seekers and users, people we know, who play with power and get burned.  It's a wonderful light read. Sort of an airport book.  Read A Higher Loyalty and give it to all your friends who voted for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. They will love it.  I can't wait for volume five by Caro on LBJ.
 Too boring at the beginning to keep reading.  Sorry.
 After reading the introduction, you can tell that this man cared deeply about his country.
 Surprising look into how corrupt and despicable our current administration is!
 Who would believe this now that he has proven to zero credibility. Junk
 I bought this book to read about Comey's side of the story. I gave this 4 stars because he didn't get to Trump until chapter 10. But once Comey got there, this book became a wow! Being a Democrat, I was on the fence about what I thought of him. But after reading this book, I have decided Comey is an honorable man who was shafted and lied to by Trump. If you are a member of the resistance, buy this book. If you're not a member, read this book and you will become a member.
 James Comey deserves his voice to be heard. No matter what you think, whether he was right or wrong about his actions prior to the 2016 election, I think you'll find, like I did, that more information is best. I appreciate him standing up for the rule of law and find that by reading the whole book, I don't have to listen just to the soundbites pundits have picked to either criticize or applaud him for his viewpoint/actions. Basically, I find that in reading this book that he's an honest man, and like all of us, had hard choices to make, made even more difficult given he was in the public eye during a drastically divided time in our nation.
 I enjoyed this account of Director Comey's career and applaud his integrity when dealing with so many difficult situations. This was extremely well written and enjoyable to read.
 Scary as hell.
 Honestly written. A lot of work went into making this a loyal description of what went on in the firing.
 I have read a lot of books from both sides right and left and by far you can see a lot of lies told in this book and if you dig a bit deeper in what is said in this book you will find more lies.
 The story as told by this man is compelling and kept me reading long into the night.  Every page told a story about what standing up for justice means to every citizen.  That the Trump administration would not allow justice to be served tells me all I need to know about him and the entire cabal in the Trump administration.<br/>There are honorable people who want the truth and admire and respect Mr. Comey.  There are many praying for him and his family during this trying time.
 This is a wonderful book. Honest interesting uplifting necessary bold  well written educational balanced  all Americans must read  parents should discuss with their children
 I read it cover to cover in two days. I am not a reader at all, and this is the fastest I've ever finished a book. I loved every chapter of "A Higher Loyalty".<br/><br/>It's a great book that will stand the test of time, unlike "Fire and Fury" which is basically a book version of a gossip magazine with no moral message or content.<br/><br/>This is not a partisan book, despite what you hear in the news.<br/>I recommend it to everyone.
 I could not put this book down once I started it.  I find it to be credible and believable.  It is very easy, for me at least, to u understand James Comey's thinking and actions.  I think I would like Mr. Coney if I ever had the chance to meet him and talk with him.
 informative.
 All Comey did was toot his own horn.. Waste of money.
 It's been a long time since I read a book I had to keep reading without a break. This is the best book I've read in years! The shallow media coverage has distorted what this book has to give you as an intelligent American citizen. Read it and see for yourself!
 This man writes about his humble beginnings and had he left out ANY INFIRMATION regarding Donald Trump, I would have thoroughly enjoyed the book as well.
 Very good read thank you Mr Comey!
 I’m glad that I had the pleasure of reading this book. Director Comey put a unique spin on the highly publicized events that were experienced by him first hand. I hope that we can hear more from him in the future.
 This book is a thoughtful, thorough, readable and detailed story of Director Comey's perspective on leadership as formed by his life, educational and professional experiences.  Although it was tempting to go directly to the final chapters of the book which obviously cover the time of his career that made him so well-known, I am very glad that I read it from page 1.  While I understand that the paragraph in which Director Comey describes President Trump's physical appearance would make the headlines, his description of the President is probably less than or equal to the descriptions that he offers of other noteworthy people in the book.  I find that his descriptions of the kind of thought processes that are required for anyone who is seeking to honestly measure their attributions of motives are quite sincere.  One of the reasons that I believe in his sincerity is that he admits that self-examination, even when rigorously undertaken, is never entirely certain.  I admire this man and this book immensely.<br/><br/>An extra note that I hope he reads:  I watched him explain why he no longer considers himself a Republican; specifically his recitation of the values that he had formerly believed were the basis of his political identification.  I would offer him that the belief in a political party based on character, truth and fidelity to our institutions of law and order is the basis of my life-long membership of the Democratic Party.  From my perspective, the Republican Party has not changed so much as it has been revealed.
 Extremely interesting story of Comey's experiences as FBI Director under Donald J. Trump.  It's  presented in a way that holds your interest.
 James Comey should stick with making baseless accusations on tv.
 Total self serving crap.  He should be in federal penitentiary.
 Comey was, just as so many other folk, offended by HRC many years ago and he has never forgotten it. His referencing of Niebuhr to shore up his blatantly political move is fascinating-for awhile. Only die-hard Comey supporters will love this book; at best it is an example of classic manhate for women who were born to rule.
 Great book, I highly recommend it.<br/><br/>If you start on page 1, like you would with most books, you will find that you simply can't put it down. It is very well written and quickly draws you into Comey's world and offers a unique perspective into a life most of us will never experience.<br/><br/>I simply can't give a higher recommendation.
 I was really excited to read this book, but stopped after too much profanity. I get that there’s a lot of profanity that law enforcement officers are exposed to, but it’s possible to avoid using it in most cases. The profanity I heard was unnecessary to the story. Poor judgment call by Comey which tells me about what I need to know about him.
 1) It is about what Trump is not.<br/>2) It is inspiring, well-written &amp; succinct.<br/>3) It is about what's important &amp; what's not.<br/>4) It is playful &amp; profound.<br/>5) It is about our United States.
 This not only was illegally purchased from my account I WOULD NEVER....NEVER read this trash!
 The book I have yet to read but the copy I got in the mail had oil on it or some kind of goop so the very nice cover that they made arrived with smudges on it. They are not able to be removed.
 Thank you Mr Comey for authoring such a thought provoking book. I admire and respect your truth and honesty tremendously and I wish all the best to you and your family. I hope you will write more books in the future. Thank You.
 This should be required reading for anyone who has been mislead by the media regarding the investigation of Clinton's emails, the firing of Comey, and a few descriptive details about our President's appearance. There is so much more in this well written book that clears up any confusion that may have been caused by a casual skimming of screaming headlines . Highly recommended no matter where you stand politically.
 Friend lent me the book, and I couldn't get through most of it.  The crap that he writes about being a leader and his attacks on more than just the President are ridiculous at best.  Save your time and money, skip this garbage.
 Hard to put down, a wake up call for this country for honesty and concern for our rights as citizens.
 Could not put this book down. Read it in one day. Comey is a good writer, thoughtful, observant and a man who ponders (always) how to do the right thing.  I think the media focused too much of the salacious parts of the book prior to publication (which really are only a few lines) and made it seem not as serious as is it.  Comey has stories to tell. And he tells them with insight, humor and honesty. I would vote for him any day. A must read for anyone who wants to know the truth -- as Jame Comey sees it.
 Excellent book.  This is not a partisan piece by any means.  It’s a collection of influences on Comey’s life.  Those positive and negative.  A deep introspection by a strong and humble man trying to learn from his choices.<br/><br/>Absolutely riveting and filled with wisdom, actionable experiences anyone can apply to their personal lives.  This is not a pulp tell all book.  Far from it.
 Comey does a great job of showing that disciplined, honest, fair leaders went to great lengths to ensure that the public have faith in the 2016 election process.<br/>Ultimately many Americans were led to choose a crass, narcissistic reality show actor (who never laughs) as President.<br/>My favorite part was the humanity and family photo moments like "Hey, why don't we take another without the guys. You know, just in case", when his daughters were at the White House.<br/>Yes, wise leaders used to be in charge.<br/>Mr. Comey, thank you for this book. We need more truth-telling.
 I was looking for Science Fiction and Comey's book came up. That's what I think of this self serving, boring work of fiction.
 very interesting
 In spite of the tv blitz which focuses on the last 20% of the book, Comey seems much more interested in the real issues and demands of leadership. Using *all* of his life experiences (in some of which he himself behaves less than ethically), he contemplates lessons learned the hard way about how to lead and how not to. In his telling, those lessons come from the most humble of us (most often positive) to the most proud and self-involved (including himself whom he does not spare). When the fuss dies down (if it ever does) I think his book will be seen for what it is—the journey of an intelligent and humorous mind toward a living code of behavior. An added plus is that we get to meet Corey’s wife Patrice, a reality check and a balance wheel every person (certainly every politician) should be equipped with.
 A very compelling read.
 James Comey comes off with a smattering of self-serving narcissism sprinkled with facts that are about as true as man made climate change
 Easy read by a real patriot.<br/>The life of a man of character.<br/>An important book for these troubled times.
 Quite a good read.  I added the audio which really enhanced this book a lot.<br/>Highly recommend it.
 Couldn’t get through it.  So self serving.
 James Comey with this book has managed to give the country some hope.  Regardless of this miscreant, ill informed, vindictive and petty President, Mr. Comey has risen above his undeserved firing with dignity and loyalty to his calling.  Anyone, no matter their political alliance, will be completely uplifted by this book.  I applaud Mr. Comey
 Great writing by a very respectable man. I found his story inspiring and I highly recommend his book. Very easy to read.
 You will be surprised just how good this book is, how well it is written, and what you come away with. Getting fired from the FBI by Trump may turn out to be the best thing that ever happened to him. I look forward to watching the course his life takes now. I hope he does not ride off into the sunset &amp; retire but takes front &amp; center stage
 Great book!
 Delusional wimpy Hillary tool seeks approval for treason.
 Never has anything with so little substance been piled so high.
 HE KNOWS ABOUT LIES, BECAUSE HE IS ONE.
 LIKED IT THOUGHT IT OPEN EYES
 very good book and service.
 Was he lying in the book, or lying when he speaks?  A book of fiction.
 Good read. An American story written by a great man who put his duty and honor to work for all of us. Far outclassing his chief nemesis (Trump) in all areas of character. Thank you for your service, Mr. Comey. Justice will prevail
 Strengthened my belief that Comey is a man of integrity with strong understanding of what makes an effective leader. This man has more credibility in his little finger than all of Trump's administration combined. We lost a real patriot when we most need a man of reason, intelligence and comfort during these extremely frightening times. Hope he makes millions from his book. He deserves every dollar and more for the service he has rendered to this still wonderful country. This is the type of person one would be grateful to have as a friend. He is the Polar opposite from the sewer slime who has the audacity to call himself the president! Read it!
 Any clown can write an anti-trump book and get 5 star reviews and become a best seller whether or not it is factual or not. Comey has no loyalty to anyone except himself for making a payday. He has an axe to grind for being fired.
 Terrible bland description of an uninteresting life and subsequent opinions of current events that are still in the works as to accuracy. I have a feeling that a lot of these excuses might not age well.
 After listening to some of the tv news pundits, I didn't have high expectations.  This is an excellent book.  Mr Comey is obviously very intelligent and well trained FBI agent.  While some people criticized the inclusion of many details of meetings etc as petty, I found them to be helpful in understanding the author's experiences.  My opinion of Mr Comey is that he is an honorable man who makes every effort to make the best decision even if that decision may not be well received.  This is a well written book and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone interested in a background look at how our DOJ operates.
 We'll see.
 A tome full of lies.  But this liar kept Mrs. Clinton out of jail.  She owes him a huge debt.
 I really enjoyed it because it was very interesting to read about how unscrupulous our politicians can really when it suites themselves.  I found it quite informative.
 This book is very honest. James Comey is a very good writer. The book is not only about Trump, it’s about his life too. His honesty comes thru in his writing. Love the book.
 Thoughtful and thought provoking, it has given me a clearer view of the facts behind the headlines we have lived. Reaffirms the value in being truthful with yourself and others. We all need to practice active listening.
 Everyone should read this book from a neutral perspective.....it is excellent and really pulls all the events and surrounding information into clear view.  I can see this book as a recommended classroom book someday.  I used audible so I could hear the author speak and it was rewarding.  There is an underlying prediction of the future of democracy......
 A Boring, biased and partisan book designed to explain away Comey's inept and corrupt investigation of Hillary Clinton.
 Mr. Comey tells his story in a way that adds to our understanding of this president and other well known political leaders without pandering to any particular reader's  political viewpoint. The author's desire to have his actions be understood is evident, too, and seems like the real reason for writing the book rather than offering a commentary on leadership. It will influence what values I think about when choosing who to vote for in coming elections. We need politicians who do something other than give entertaining speeches and promise the impossible.
 There are two themes of this book:  One is an insightful biography.  The other is lessons in leadership gleaned along the way.  Both are interesting to read.  He starts with his struggle about  whether writing about his life might be seen as an "exercise in vanity."  This humility is refreshing, and reminded me of a story in Ben Franklin's biography.  Ben was working his way through a list of self-improvements.  When he came to humility, he found that if you were humble, recognizing that you improved your humility would cancel out being humble.  Comey's emphasis on traits such as humility, honesty, valuing others, and learning from one's mistakes are always welcome.
 So sorry you all bought this book and believed it. I spotted a skunk within the first two chapters.
 Great book a must read for any American .
 I bought this for someone else and I did not read.
 Still reading it through. Great book.
 I was very taken by Mr. Comey's description of the necessary qualities of ethical leadership.  He comes across as both thoughtful and learned.  We lost a great servant to our country when he was fired by what will most likely be the worst president we've ever elected.  I also agree that this new activism being brought about can only help our country.  Thank you, Mr. Comey for your service and this book.
 Good read
 Great book!  Read in 1 day!  Comey is honest and humble and knows how to laugh at himself!  Also a lot of current history which was very enlightening!
 James Coney has done a masterful job of relating the events, personalities and development of America's political dilemma. His is a powerful voice in efforts to preserve America's institutions and democracy.
 I’m not sure how the media on both sides could miss the whole point of this book.  This book used narratives from Director Comeys long history of service to simply explore the ideas and growing need for a move towards honesty, truth, ethics and effective leadership.  What I take away from this book is a greater appreciation for the FBI, and the service those agents provide to us all.  It was a refreshing and hopeful look at what we could be as a nation.
 This book seems to give his honest accounts from pieces of his life and experience. It is tasteful and well written. It measured up to the standards that I felt Comey would hold up to. No matter your political views, because I’m neither major party, it gives a lot of great insight on leadership and ethics.
 Very readable, not dry and well done. :)
 Outstanding....I could not put it down.  Well done Mr. Comey. Mr. Comey demonstrates that doing the right thing is often the hardest thing to do.  He encompasses Fidelity, Bravery and Integrity.  Bravo for defending the truth!
 Excellent book. Incredibly well written. Comey tells a fascinating narrative. Best book I have read in many years.
 A great book about True Leadership, based on Truth and Collaboration.
 His own words in print and media conflicting, proving unbelief.
 I'm pleasantly surprised to find out just how much political history Comey was involved in. This book has more legal context than I expected and held my interest more than I thought it would. Great read for political bluffs. Thank you Mr. Comey for your public service service and thank you for sharing your experience during your public service.
 very compelling write up from a man who put the interest of our country first and above everything. Great man!!
 I found it hard to put the book down.  It's a compelling read-well written with a fascinating story to tell.
 Truthful depiction of a conflicted man with the weight of the world on his shoulders.<br/>Insightful page turner that brings you with him as he strives to make what HE thinks is the right choice in what was clearly a no win situation.<br/>I enjoyed the book, and empathize with his dilemma.  I personally wish he made a few different choices, but enjoyed the story nevertheless.
 self serving lies and hypocrisy.
 Everyday we find out more and more about how corrupt the upper echelon of the FBI was. This is truely reflective up Comey’s leadership.
 Good informative read!
 I feel like i’ve wasted $15.  I thought I was going to be reading about Trump vs Comey.  Instead after reading the first 110 pages out of 290 the word “Trump” hasn’t been mentioned once.<br/><br/>This book is essentially Comey’s autobiography told in an “I’m not perfect, but I am a paragon of virtue” tone.<br/><br/>I’ll finish it and may change my mind, but so far this book is a disappoint to me.  If I change my mind, I’ll amend this review.
 Well written and insightful. It provides context and background to a tumultuous time and provides a disturbing look at our current president. Comey seems truthful even to his detriment, the same can not be said for other involved parties.
 terrible book of lies that makes himself to be the victim also a boring read.  i dont believe he felt any obligation to the pursuit of truth and justice.
 If anyone can give this book five stars they must be hard core Trump haters.
 Very impressive writing by a remarkable and honest man.<br/>Strongly recommended if you like people of character.<br/>Best book of the season.
 A rather gripping read.  Of course we would just the integrity of the author by the things he has done and said over the years, nonetheless his true honesty and his drive towards it is clear in every paragraph.  Is he somewhat bitter about Trump?  I think so.  He's entitled so that's fine with me.  A recommended read.
 Great book so far. Enjoy that it is James Comey who reads the book.
 Enjoying the Cosa Nostra....this is an honest man.  As a former prosecutor I have been looking forward.  Already read Shattered.
 I really enjoyed Comeys book and learning how a boy turned into the man he is today.
 Comey's years as a federal prosecutor and FBI Director is very interesting. Must read for all.
 It's an extremely important book for our time and a way to start to make sense of it plus staying hopeful in our ability to change the trajectory of these political times which have created so much anxiety in our society.  But most important, what are the components of a great leader.
 Intelligently written, interesting insight into our system.
 Rated #767 on Amazon best seller list. The Russia Hoax is #1. Enough said.
 Excellent. Inspiring book by an honest man and true patriot.
 Concise and compelling. Mr. Comey covers major events in a direct style. He inspired me to believe more firmly in the resilience of our institutions and the rule of law.
 Totally self serving. A waste on money. Even my very liberal wife only made it thru the first few pages.
 This I like fun is in good standing of  are country  but every one makes must read this this it up to u how u feel I know and it was hard to to do with. Toilet had to with with
 Although this book does not reveal significant news about the current state of the Trump investigations, it provides though a deep insight look of the authors deep beliefs in truth, his view of humility and his ability to observe people during his lifetime and career. Mr. Comey has shown the highest moral understandings and unparalleled integrity. There will be of course “enemies” and tries to discredit his actions as FBI Director and consequently the release of this particular book. I can only suggest for this “critics” to read between the lines and put aside any politicized views or affiliation. Mr. Comey - I thank you for this book and wish you all the best for your future!
 Ive read only half so far, interesting read.
 With every day changing the way we view politics in this country I wanted to read Comey’s version of the past year. I found this an excellent read and whether you agree or disagree he makes valid commentary on how we as a country got to this point and what could or should happen in the upcoming elections. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the narrative and discovering that James Comey has a sense of humor.
 The poet, Rumi, once advised: "Before you speak, let your words pass through three gates: It it true? Is it necessary? and Is it kind?" Mr. Comey's new book successfully passed all three gates. It is an excellent essay on what constitutes "Leadership".<br/>A very sincere: " THANK YOU" to James Comey for this candid report on the work of our government and especially the FBI.
 It was a pleasure listening to the audiobook. Highly recommend.
 Terrible book because he did a successful job at cultivating his holier-than-thou persona. It's fake. Faker than CNN, MSNBC or NY Times
 I'm very thankful that Mr. Comey took the time to write this account. These stories are very much worth sober consideration by anyone who cares about the role that the U. S. President plays at home and abroad. I found it well written, engaging, and extremely informative on several matters that we as ordinary citizens are not party to.
 Completed first of 8 CDs.  Great work.  My respect for Comey is absolute.  The hype is worthy for this body of work.
 What a great book. Want to know more about James Comey than what you hear from news or Twitter? This book is for you. Only the last part of the book is about Trump, most of the book is about what Comey is about.
 Not what I expected. It is a good insight into Comey’s thinking, and helps clarify events. Honestly, it has changed my perspective on his role in the events leading up to the election. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to “get past” the tiresome rhetoric of elections. I give it five stars because it is a “should read”.
 Worth the read no matter where you stand. As reported by some who obviously have not read the book there is little bashing of the current president.
 I think this book is crucial reading for all Americans, but particularly those for whom truth is not a byword. I pray all those who do read this book, regardless of one’s political leanings, will read this with an open mind instead of preconceived notions.
 Loved it! Mr.Comey humanized the whole  experience. I highly recommend this book to anyone with questions about what D.C. is really like.
 A great read that reminds us of the importance of integrity in leadership. Thourughly enjoyed every page. It also shared some of the country's most challenging times.
 I couldn't put it down. Comey is eloquent, well spoken, and in his book, very self aware. His dedication to integrity and honesty is admirable. I think his book and his ethics will go down in history as a voice of moral clarity in the middle of an immorale battle by both sides for the minds and souls of the American people. James' Comey's personal testimony is powerful and enduring as a voice of reason and defense of law and justice.
 Man of honor. It hasn't been an easy road for the author and how politicians change the course of people lives disregarding how they got where they are. Great book
 I tried my best to enter this book with an open mind. Like many Americans, I had a preconceived notion on Comey. But I set that aside and sat down to read.<br/><br/>What I did not expect was that once I picked up the book I would not put it down until I was finished.<br/><br/>Comey takes the reader on an amazing journey. One that is highly nuanced, rifed with controversy, yet passionately empathetic. The former FBI director shows how morality and a pursuit of justice has shaped every facet of his life.<br/><br/>I do not agree with every decision Comey has made, or his explanations thereof. But I can understand now why he did them. Comey is a man of integrity and principle. In this book he shows how, despite opportunities for easier solutions, he never abandoned those virtues. I have an immense respect for this man because of it.<br/><br/>Aside for the historical and contemporary significance of the book I feel as though it should be remembered for another reason. It illustrates the core of what it means to be a good leader. It is a handbook for how to act with humility, confidence, empathy, and integrity. It never comes off as pedantic or preachy. Comey shows the value of these principles through real world examples and the importance therein. For any leader this must be required reading; from the part-time manager to the CEO of a company. If more human beings emulated the virtues that Comey consistently attempted to demonstrate throughout his life this world would be a far better place.
 Great read
 I am yet to read this book but considering the author and his long track of transparency and dedication to the rule of law, i think this book will be a referential point in history.
 Great arrival. Love the book
 Insightful on reasons for announcing  the Hilary emails again because of Weiners laptop discovery. I was mad about it before but i realize their wasnt much choice in matter. Hilary should have known better of the sloppy handling of government emails just as Martha Stewart  knew better about insider trading. I am still upset about outcome as Jims wife and daughters as well.
 Fake news as always
 Beautifully written and full of common-sense wisdom.
 First four chapters listened to. Interesting story!
 James Comey’s impeccable recollection for detail as an FBI agent and Director makes his ability to write and tell a story as an author an immersive experience. His memories of prosecuting La Cosa Nostra puts the reader there, in the courtroom, and you can feel the nerves he felt. The expectations of this book are to read all the salacious details of his time working in the Trump White House and his interaction with the president, but he artfully describes and crafts a story of a career in law enforcement and the life that led him to it and his steadfast belief in justice and the law. He also draws a parallel across each chapter of a criminal’s tendency to lie and the motivation behind it. The story is captivating.
 This book is fantastic.. Just wish that there were more people in the world of politics that are even half as loyal of an American as James Comey!
 I for one really enjoyed this book. I thought at the onset it would be completely about Trump and his shenanigans as that's how it seemed to be advertised. In reality it is so much more. Comey does an amazing job of painting a picture of how government runs it should run from his point of view and experience. He highlights some of his major moments over his career and personally I felt like I knew the man on a personal basis at the end. One of the few non fiction books that has kept me glued in from beginning to end.
 Well worth the time and money to read this well written book!  I highly recommend it!
 Inspirational, thoughtful, humbling, blazing with clarity. Will be a reference textbook on moral leadership in the coming years.  Truly a resonating piece of writing.
 Interesting perspective that we couldn't see from the news media.  Very informative and enlightening.  I found it to be a quick read.
 Informative and interesting read. I have to admit to losing sleep last night because I couldn't stop reading....very unusual for me when reading non-fiction!
 This is a must read.  James Comey is truthful and a little flawed at times (just like most of us).  His message on leadership and loyalty is uplifting and gave me hope.
 This is a really good book. Some have criticized it for not having anything new to say about Donald Trump. No, it does not<br/>really add to our knowledge of Mr. Trump's personality, behavior, or motivations, but it very distinctly add the perspective of a thoughtful man<br/>and public servant. The book is in a way an autobiography, with a high moral tone, and a lot of political philosophy added. This is good. In my<br/>view, Mr. Comey does not come across as an arrogant, holier-than-thou type, but as a man dedicated to high moral standards and respect for the law, and most importantly the truth. This unwavering attitude cost him his job. Hopefully the bottom line will be that we can all learn something valuable from his experiences that will make us better people, and make our country stronger.
 I am so glad I chose to read this book.  I like and respect James<br/>Comey very much and regard his honesty.  I learned a lot from<br/>reading this book, although besides his personal life, I I felt I<br/>would learn more than what was on CNN and on the real news.<br/>I am glad he write it and wish him well on whatever comes next for him and his family.<br/>I hope more people read this book and take away the truth about our country and how much trouble we are in.
 What an interesting read, I loved it! And if only all people could be as introspective and as truthful about their own actions, the world would be a great place. As flawed as some of his reasons were to me, they were his, he admitted them, he thought about them and he wrote them down. A truly honest and dedicated American so missed in this administration, the congress and particularly the Whitehouse today. Will we ever be able to recover from the slow destruction of our country?
 The moment I opened this book, my FBI agent (assigned to covertly watch me) immediately notified the White House and within minutes the Secret Service was in my room burning my book.
 If you are honest with yourself and educated on the political landscape of today, you will see that this is a failed attempt to discredit a sitting president and all who agree with the party in power.  This book takes a defensive posture by a man in the FBI who is anything but honest. The truth is, we have some real issues in our FBI and DOJ that need to be dealt with and fixed. Real corruption that have been and continues to be covered up by people like Comey.  Nobody likes to hear that no matter what side of the fence you find yourself.
 Reader will need to decide who's more truthful.  My money is on Comey.
 Inspiring enjoyable and informative.  Full of self depreciating anecdotes for people who choose to dislike him.  I'm going to recommend my grandson read the first half for help on growing up.
 I teared up a few times and laughed even more (great sense of humor).  Overall, a really well written book with a wonderful message.  I like how Comey talks about how he became the person he is today through so many different experiences and why he made the choices he did.
 classic narcissistic book.  dissappointed with his attempt to write a book with a post modernist slant.
 The product was as expected, however the cover was stained with greasy finger prints both front and back.
 Honest view of these disturbing times<br/>recd
 After ready this book I have a little more faith in the men and women in the FBI and other departments of our government.  With transformational leaders like James Comey who are true  leaders, it gives me hope that our country will bounce back from this truly dark devastating time in our history when morality,  integrity and truth are under attack at the highest levels in our government.
 This book provides an insight to theFBI and its role with other government agencies, the White House and American citizens.  Written to help you feel as if you were there watching.
 Lifelong I’ve been fairly apolitical (increasingly difficult).  Now I’m a Comey Homey.  I was expecting politically boring, but got “Grisham &amp; Connelly” well written short stories which happened to be true as viewed by the author!!
 Fascinating, great read
 Great book
 I have been wondering if anyone else has been looking for a return of ethical values.  This book is insightful and encouraging to those of us that believe  our country was formed by people and laws that protect the rights of all citizens.  Truth, justice, and a government that preserves the principles of the constitution  for all Americans once again is ignited in the US.  A must read.
 Thanks to the attention and publicity from the Trump administration, A Higher Loyalty:  Truth, Lies and Leadership (2018) authored by James B. Comey Jr. reached the NYT Bestseller List before publication. This well-documented 304 page book highlighted Comey’s political career, his influence, vision and role in government: investigative work and prosecution of ordinary and high profile cases and service to the American people. Comey was appointed the 7th Director of the FBI by Barrack Obama and served until he was dismissed by Donald Trump. (2013-2017). Comey, a highly respected attorney known for his ethics, integrity and exemplary conduct has also served in both the Clinton and Bush Administrations.<br/><br/>The outright wheeling and dealing and spinning of the true facts from fake news in the Trump administration has never been seen before in U.S. history. This is not okay. Comey, greatly concerned about the direction of the country, was thoughtful and reflective throughout the book. As a lifelong registered Republican, Comey is currently not affiliated with a political party, though his wife and daughters voted for Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election. In her book: “What Happened” (2017) Clinton said she felt “shivved” when Comey announced two days before the election that she shouldn’t face prosecution from her email investigation-- the damage to her campaign had been done.<br/><br/>In the book, for the first time, Comey recounted the dossier compiled by former British Intelligence officer Christopher Steele. Trump was allegedly involved with Russian prostitutes in a Moscow hotel room (2013). Trump was troubled and distressed over the allegations, greatly concerned if they might become public. Trump was not under investigation during that time. On January 27th, Comey was invited to the White House for a 1:1 dinner with Trump, who made it clear he expected Comey’s ‘loyalty’ --this reminded Comey of a mafia don (crime family) he once prosecuted. While working in the Los Angeles FBI field office, (May 9th) Comey learned of his dismissal on a television news alert. No consideration or advance notice was given, some staff threatened to quit in protest. Comey urged Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly to not resign, reminding him that ‘principled people’ were especially needed around the president.<br/><br/>The Trump legal team will be scrutinizing the book, searching for accuracy and seeking to undermine Comey’s credibility. Trump, unprofessionally berating Comey on social media: stating it was “my  great honor to fire Comey.” name-calling him an ‘Untruthful Slimeball’. It is impossible to keep up with all the hiring’s and firings of the Trump administration. Trump supporters probably will not like this book. The words “allegedly” and “possibly” carry a great deal of weight in the anti-Trump book culture. Critic Jack Quinn, (counsel who served the Clinton administration) questioned the timing of the book’s release, calling it “unhelpful” as Comey’s testimony might be needed at a later date. All things considered, readers will not want to miss this reflective culturally/politically important tell-all book.
 This book is a calm and calming examination of several crucial principles of democracy. It's painful to read at points, inspiring at others, and instructive. It shows the dedication and thoughtfulness that are always desirable in a public servant. This reader did not always agree with the author or support his decisions , but she finished the book with full trust in the author's aim to maintain integrity.
 Well written important political facts that will influence our history. Should be read by all citizens. In fact by the world so every one gets to know who Trump is.
 This guys is a disgrace to America. The book is full of treasonous acts. Guy should be in jail
 Beautifully written... From the first chapter where he drops his bike and runs into the Dancehall where his parents were taking dance lessons, the hair stood up on the back of my neck. I can't thank James Comey enough for all he has done to help fight the bullies of the world. Hopefully he will consider leaving the GOP &amp; joining the Independent Party as I did on November 9th 2016... immediately after voting.
 James Comey's ego shines bright through his pretentious self-righteous mindset. Hard to read with the amount of hypocrisy involved.
 Great read - expected/hoped for more than a rant about #45 (why pay money for what is being covered 24/7 on cable news) - thank you Mr. Comey. It would be a bit unethical and illustration of a lack of leadership for Mr. Comey to generate a book solely about his interaction with #45 especially with an active investigation going on. Those expecting some sort of "tabloid tell all" clearly need to wait for Omarosa's book or better yet the ghost writer for #45. I was looking for something that speaks to Mr. Comey's experience as a public servant within the US Justice system to get an insight to how he approached investigations given his history as a renowned Federal Prosecutor. I was one of million of voters who was not happy with his decision about the Clinton email investigation. After reading this in the book (and listening to Mr. Comey's interviews) i get it - it was either do nothing (pretend the info was not available) or take action (let the public know). So I asked myself what would I do in that same instance - it allowed me to let it go because I no longer believe this action resulted in the lost election. i think people need a fall guy and Mr. Comey is it - wrong. I will not besmirch this author's story given his service to this country. He is human and his character is flawed like all of us which too many like to deny.
 Memoir of a patriot whose cowardice from his teens thru the present day is the overwhelming theme in this story important to read if you want to inform yourself about the 2017 Washington situation involving a sitting President of the United States. Is what the author states true? Does he believe what he says? It seems so. Time will tell.
 I found that this reinforces my theory VOTE.
 Awesome read
 Personally, I've always wondered if the pundits and the news outlets got all the facts straight and after reading this account I would have to yes, but only in bits and pieces.  Comey gives his "report" with a bit of dark humor and a whole lot of humanity.
 Comey wrote this book to try to make a difference in our country.  He is not perfect, nor are our leaders, but he urges us not to succumb to accepting purposefully deceptive, unethical behavior.  Thank you, Mr. Comey, for calling out our current president's unacceptable behavior, and contrasting that to successful leaders who demonstrate integrity, humility and honesty. A great read.
 Interesting. This shows that no man is above the law. Not in America. I will keep following the investigation of Trump and Russia by Mueller. America deserves better.
 We all need to read A Higher Loyalty. When we think about what has happened to our democracy in the last 16 months, it is glaringly obvious that our institutions are not as strong as they should be. The few obvious acts of integrity and defiance to the destruction of democracy have come from the DOJ and the FBI. James Comey is flawed, but he speaks the truth here. The WH and GOP frenzied attacks on him prove that.<br/><br/>I don't expect this to be a literary classic, but it is essential reading.
 All I can say, Comey for President!!!
 Toilet paper
 An interesting account of very recent American political history!
 If it gets better, I might be inclined to revise my review. I bought this book in hopes of trying to get a glimpse into current events. However, after 5 chapters, and reading about his childhood and bullying episodes, Sammy Gravano and the mob, and Martha Stewart--there doesnt seem to be any sign of his recent experiences.
 All the attention about this book has focused on Comey’s comments about President Trump.  But Comey has much more to offer.  In fact, his view of Trump is best understood, perhaps only capable of being fully understood, in the context of the entire book.  Comey works hard to explain the importance of an independent, trusted and honest FBI as well as the qualities he feels effective leaders need to possess.  With this background we understand his concerns about President Trump’s management style, behavior, and lack of truthfulness.  He makes a compelling case that we should all be equally concerned about these issues, although he tries to remain optimistic that the United States is strong enough to survive them.  Probably.
 Not true
 Excellent perspectives on leadership.  Just finished and could not put down.  I loved the journey Comey takes reader on the development of his leadership from his early days in Richmond to Director of FBI.  The message resonates with integrity and, surprisingly, is not just about the current president.  A window into his personal life allows a stronger understanding of who this man is and what challenges he has faced.  Enjoyed it.
 Here's the summary: If you hate Trump (and he is worthy of that part), buy this book, get insight into Comey's beginnings, his thought process, be disgusted (again) by the terrible person that Trump is, be a bit disappointed with Comey and move on with your life. No, just do it.<br/><br/>You've already probably read or heard most of the parts from the book that mention the mob parallels, the open investigations, the parts around Trump demanding loyalty of Comey and otherwise foolishness from Trump. There isn't much in the book that builds on top of what you likely already know from the constant source of drivel and proverbial feces that is Trump's Twitter feed and the actual truth surrounding those tweets. However, the book touches upon Comey's childhood and his formative years. Comey brings up a few experiences that helped him guide towards the career he eventually gravitated towards. Comey also talks about his career progression (and speaks of the "then Rudy Giuliani" quite glowingly, take that as you will) before he eventually had the misfortune of being an FBI director when Trump happened to be elected POTUS (with or without help from Russians and may or may not involve prostitutes peeing on beds).<br/><br/>However, there are more than a few instances in the book where Comey expresses regret and mentions "I should've or should not have done that". I did not expect that from this book. Actually, I wasn't sure what I was going to expect. While I was a bit disappointed with the frequent mentions of regret, Comey does acknowledge the damage he did to the Hillary campaign while still defending the way he handled the investigation. At the end of the day, karma hit Comey hard. The person he helped elect fired him. I imagine that'll give you little pleasure regardless of whether you're a Trump supporter or a Hillary fan.<br/><br/>Finally, the "enjoyable" parts despite the fact that nothing is new here: Trump frequently lies. He's depicted as an absolute imbecile and someone who exhibits no leadership and usually hires people (Preibus) who don't exhibit any leadership themselves. While this is supposed to be a review of just the book, I added my $0.02 because I remember that this President is the same vile person who ridiculed a handicapped person, encouraged/retweeted racists, taunted Gold Star families, worships Putin, insults women/minorities and generally embodies the worst that America has to offer.  However with this book, if you're expecting more/new dirt on this absolutely disgusting person, you'll be a little disappointed.
 After reading this account of the relationship of Director Comey and our current President all Americans should be concerned about the direction and integrity of the current leadership of our nation and that of those in higher levels of government will come to the realization that they cannot support this current administration.
 A straight forward and honest book from an honest and capable man.
 Much better than what I expected! LOVE IT!
 Partially through the book, Director Comey’s words offer a compelling mix of life lessons and rare insight into recent history.  His leadership and influence is missed at the Bureau.
 This book is second only to What Happened by Hillary Clinton in self-serving drivel.  It started out interesting enough with Cindy's work history, but once he got to the subject of his (supposed) interactions with President Trump, it was downhill from there.  It will be interesting to see what he has to say now in light of the FBI's possible spying on the Trump campaign.  I'm just glad I read it in Overdrive and didn't waste my own money.
 Many things can be said about the book but it’s honest if nothing else. Comey is honest about his flaws and times he wished he could change his decisions. Supporters of Trump will learn nothing new from the book about the man they support except maybe the depth of the character flaws the world is already aware of. Supporters of Clinton will view the book as proof that Comey not a lukewarm candidate that failed to connect with the Everyman cost her the election. The book is well done and honestly refreshing. Comey didn’t try and paint himself in the best light. He simply recalls events as best as he can and opines on how they happened.
 Wow. Must read.
 It will keep you so interested you won't want to put it Down. It's Real, it's detailed&amp; teaches you about LIFE In America! Amazingly written! Well worth the Read!
 it stunk.
 Ok
 A refreshing story about the need to have a 4th arm of government. The DOJ" should be separate from the white house to keep what Comey and dedicated people in Justice don't have the same issues he had to suffer through. Thanks for your service to our country.
 This is a very well written and truthful commentary on leadership. Ethical leadership...... so lacking in today's Whitehouse.  Thank you Director Comey.
 A higher loyalty would be to the country - not the ego of a sad individual that hates the president.  Love him or hate him the president is leading the country in a direction that shows promise.  The electorate can throw him out after 4 years, just like it rejected the previous 8 years.  In the meantime all Americans should be praying for the president's success and the success of the country.  That's loyalty......
 Excellent book, easy read, no real revelations.
 Self serving, salacious, boring.
 Your life experiences and self re-evaluations adequately reflect your credibility.  However one should refuse to be controlled and dictated to by society and it's obsessions.  Silence truly is golden.  Somethings are best left unspoken.  I enjoyed your expressed experiences in print but feel they would be appreciated more if left in the confessional.  Many are not worthy of this material.  Especially POTUS 45.
 I trust and believe in you Mr. Comey.  Thank you for your unfailing loyalty to me, a citizen.  I hope we will see you in our service  again.  You might consider writing for a living.  You are quite good at it.  5 stars!
 I cannot believe how much he whines
 You can’t stop once you start reading. Awesome!!!
 As soon as it got here Tuesday (first day of release) I started reading Immediately! I am so excited to be reading this...His writing style is easy to follow &amp; keep up with...I Really like this!<br/>Knowledge is an Important thing!!! I would encourage people to read 'Fire &amp; Fury' by Michael Wolff. His writing is alive!
 Fascinating book by a real American trying to do the right thing. Thank goodness we have men and women in public service of this caliber. Politics aside, honor, decency and leadership are what we need. Lots of it in this book.
 Very well written about Mr. Comey's travels and experiences as a public servant. His legal knowledge, his experiences in criminal law. This book is not about Mr. Trump, its about being loyal to the rule of law. His descriptions of experiences as a young boy through adulthood are defining and have made him the man he is.
 An absolute read for anyone concerned about the direction this country is headed into.  Don’t let the pundits deter you.
 I can not wait for the outcome of this depressing  chapter of lie after lie and abhorrent behavior by the President and his cronies. They are a embarrassment to us all, for all the world to see.
 Every one needs the truth. This book is written from the hart. The treatment this author is getting is outrageously unfair. Our forefathers would agree with all he writes. A truly good man. He would be a good candidate for our next president.
 After much research, after reading this book,. there are several lies and misinformation statements made in this book. This man was loyal to  Hillary, and the Democrats, as well as himself. He's damaged this country with his actions.
 Even if you were angered by his effect on the Hillary Clinton vote, this book is incredibly uplifting because of the moral contrast of Comey’s life, experience, and character to Trump.
 What an incredibly honorable man. If only there were more people with his integrity in Washington...
 Spellbinding narration, great storytelling. However, chapter headings are 2 greater than book chapters.
 Loved this book. I'm so not into politics but this was really informative and enlightening. I listened to the audio version of it and finished in two days. I wished it hadn't ended. I hope we'll be seeing more of Mr. Comey. And less of Chump. I mean Trump.
 I was so impressed watching James Comey answer questions in the Senate hearing I had to read his book and absorb his thoughts on the circumstances in which he had found himself. This book moved me because there was such a raw exposed honesty about what happened. If there was a human being that was the embodiment of truth and human decency, this is him. He is an inspiration. Not all heros wear capes, some wear an albatross around their neck, and Comey bore the heavy burden of truth, even when it may have caused inevitable destruction to many lives.<br/><br/>In the book he paints a true image of what a great leader should aspire to be and the world is brighter because he is in it.
 This is not a partisan review.  I hate to have to write that, but in these times it has become necessary.  James Coney is a divisive figure for many reasons, the highest of which is the 2016 Presidential election.  I decided to throw out any preconceived feelings and approached the book with an open mind.  It's a good book.  I don't think it will change many opinions, but I believe it tries to give readers a deeper understanding of Mr. Comey's views and motivations.  The first parts of the book are fascinating, and I loved reading about his experiences prosecuting mob figures.  I may not agree with all of Mr. Comey's opinions, but I believe he tries to stick to the facts and give honest interpretations of his encounters.  My main criticism is that he does seem to have an ego, and it is readily apparent throughout the latter half of the book.  I think you should read the book and decide for yourselves.  Whatever your politics are, you won't be disappointed.
 All lies
 Thoughtful, well written. The most insightI have seen.
 We are lucky to have a dedicated public servant like him! His writing is so compelling and smooth. He should write more books, he is such a good writer! Who knew?
 I love James Corney, he is the reason Hillary lost. Forget the Russians, he reopened the investigation after finding the new emails on Anthony wiener s laptop. Right before the election. Game over. Thanks Junior.
 Comey is extremely bright, and knows how ( or thinks he does) how to convince his readers he is one step down from sainthood. I am not that naieve. He could have done away with the first ten chapters, where he was born and what he wore growing up was irrelevant.<br/> I knew what he was doing. It annoyed me. He is absolutely blameless in everything.<br/> Having dinner with Donald ALONE four times, making sure he made a EXTENDIVE note of it and gave it to another " means nothing. The head of the FBI does NOT meet with the president alone. Saying he did not know what to do each time insults my intelligence.<br/> He is sport on correct what he wrote " in my opinion " about Trump, but, everyone knew all this and it was on the last 4 chapters.<br/>Jim wanted to tell his story, simple as that. Don't waste your money, I did there is not one thing that you do not already know, if you know politicks .<br/>I am NOT A TRUMP VOTER. I am a R
 This is a very informative book. The book gave me a visual tour of the justice system and the government. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Here’s a man that worked with two presidents and was appreciated by Bush, a republican, and Obama, a democrat and was respected. This current president could not persuade him to go against his ethics so he fired him. I hope this book will open some eyes as to the damage this administration is doing to our country. Nice to know that there are people that work for the US people instead of party.
 I received my book today and was pleased with the writings of Director Comey.
 Pathetic CYA novel.
 Very well written. I enjoyed getting to know Mr. Comey, and can now understand why he has made many of the choices he has. He comes across as articulate, humorous, truthful, and dedicated family man. In another world, he would be the kind of person I would like as a neighbor.
 Complete propoganda.  This man has broken so many laws before he was in the FBI that his credibility is zero.
 Glad to see his perspective on these issues. Stays consistent in all his recollections.
 I preordered his book and started reading it as soon as I got it.  I find James very credible.  It was interesting to read that he was bullied in school so he knows what constitutes a bully, knows what it feels like to be bullied, knows a bully when he sees one.  It was also interesting to read that he was a prosecuting attorney for the Costra Nostras, knows how the mafia thinks and operates.  I found James to be believable and honest.  If he does not know the answer to something, he says so.  I do wish he had left the comments about Trump’s appearance out but I think I understand why he did.  The way Trump fired him was absolutely despicable but Comey seems to have been able to rise above this firing.  I’ve seen many interviews with him regarding his book and his work,,,,,,his answers never change.  I believe Comey is honest and that his honesty sometimes gets him into trouble.......but it is so nice to hear honesty instead of lies.  He is only human with human flaws but he was trying to do his work to the best of his ability.  He treats people with decency and respect and, most importantly, he LISTENS to what they are trying to say.  A difficult thing to do and an exceptional quality.  We need more people like him.
 I don't care whether he disses Trump in this book but what matters is Trump's Obstruction of Justice when he asked Comey to go easy on Flynn. Comey also wondered why Trump wasn't concerned with Russian cyber attack on US election. Now we know why.<br/><br/>This book is well-written. Bravo James Comey
 James Comey's book is a fascinating lesson in leadership.  Most compelling, of course, are the comparisons and observations of the styles and personalities of three Presidents and those of others at the highest levels of government.  It will come as no surprise to anyone that Obama's intellect, compassion and thoughtfulness are shown in sharp contrast to those of George W. Bush and, of course, Donald Trump.<br/><br/>And sure, Comey SAYS he tries to tamp down his own ego.  However, it does creep in but it's his book and I believe every word of it.  Some critics say that Comey revealed confidential information but I didn't read anything I didn't already know or suspect.<br/><br/>Where Obama wanted the most information from the widest variety of sources to make decisions and welcomed discussion, Trump has little time nor patience for detail and has a management style Comey recognizes as similar to a mafia don. Obama, intellectually curious, seeks information while Trump is bored with anyone other than himself.<br/><br/>Firing Comey by television when he was in Los Angeles, Trump then turns on the next in line at the FBIl because he allowed Comey to ride back to Washington on the FBI plane.  That is a scene which should live in infamy.  Enraged that Comey wasn't forced to rent a car or fly commercial back to Washington, Trump couldn't let it rest with just Comey's plane ride, he sneered to McCabe: "Your wife lost her election in Virginia, didn't she?"  When he replied that she had, Trump said:  "Ask her how it feels to be a loser?" and hung up on him.  Think about this:  This is the President of the United States talking to the acting head of the FBI?
 I am so glad that James Comey decided to write this book.  Speaking truth to power is something that we, as Americans, should never discourage if we want the principles our country was founded upon to remain in place for our children and their children.  Sadly, over the last few years, it seems that Americans no longer value honesty and integrity the way they used to.  I just can’t image my parents’ or grandparents’ generations accepting the venality of elected officials that seems to be so much on display in recent years.  Comey draws a clear comparison between those traits that characterize true leadership and those that don’t, and he encourages all of us to give serious thought to the culture that we create by our choices of the people we select to represent us.
 I am not a fan of James Comey and to this day I have never seen an answer to why it would be ok for the FBI director to hold a press conference for what seemed to be injecting his own political thoughts and opinions far too close to an election to not have known it would have an effect. If you watch the news at all or read the 1 star reviews by people who appear not to have read the book you will be led to believe this is a book about Trump, and bashing him, or outing him as unfit in some way. Especially if you know that the RNC has gone out of their way to create a website just ahead of the book release for the sole purpose of Comey bashing. So let me bust that myth. This is not a book about Trump. There are no big jaw dropping Trump secrets here. This is a book about James Comey, from his early childhood until the here and now. Comey touches on childhood memories, being bullied, later on participating or at least turning a blind eye to bullyng himself. He speaks on his experience being home alone with his brother when the "Ramsey Rapist" broke into his house. He tells you how and why he decided to pursue law as a career instead of becoming a doctor. There are humorous anecdotes about his first job in the grocery store and yes some about his final days as FBI director. You do not have to be a fan of Comey or any of his decisions to enjoy this book. You may or may not be satisfied with his explanation of why he decided to make such public announcements on Hilary's emails, but that is a small part of this book. Personally I was not satisfied and he does admit that others may have handled it differently. If you are only looking for bombshells this book is not for you. By the time it gets to the visit to alert Trump to the salacious allegations the book is 70% over, because as I said this is not a book about Trump.<br/> Even if I do not agree with Comey's decisions to publicly give his opinion on one candidate while withholding the fact that there is an investigation surrounding the other even with the "classified info" that he says we still do not know about I was still able to enjoy this book. I agree with his assessment in the last televised interview he gave, that if Comey is an idiot he is at least an honest idiot.
 Horrible book!!!
 The media will just focus on the things he says about Trump, but this book is about so much more.  He talks about Hillary's emails and he talks about Trump, but this is really about the events in his life that taught him how to be an ethical person and a good leader.  I finally understand why he made the choices in his pre-election announcement about Clinton's emails being looked into again.  I can honestly say, I would have made the same choice.  But don't read this book thinking to get a salacious dump on Trump, this book is about James Comey and his life and the insights he has gained about himself and leadership.
 This reads like a political thriller in parts!  I bought the audible book which is narrated by James Comey so that I get his own inflection in his voice.  It feels like he is in the room telling his fascinating story.  Hearing all of the details on cases I remember come alive with his personal experience and ability to put his reader in his shoes.  I have so much a better understanding of what really happened.
 This book tells it like it is.  It is not fiction, it is honesty.  It is a true story about a man and his love for his occupation.  Our country was privileged to have him serve.
 This book was so much more than I expected. It's almost a memoir. It gave me a better understanding of decision making from someone completely dedicated to the law. The book is written as an account of his life and career, and not focused so much on 45. In fact, he isn't bashing him at all, simply telling his view of what happened. Even without the reality-tv-style drama of our current presidential administration and his firing of James Comey, this would have been a good read, informative too. It's a shame Comey isn't credited for being the leader he truly is. We are in dire need of people with integrity leading us these days.
 An interesting read.  I'm glad Mr. Comey wrote the book.  Hope he writes more and keeps adding to this !  I'm very disappointed in Amazon.  This is the 2nd book that I've received in a month with smears, smudges and finger prints all over the book?  What is going on with the packers?  This book was really gross.  The finger prints looked greasy, I can only imagine who handled this book.  I had to take a damp cloth and totally clean my book off.  Please Amazon, do something.  This is sickening and unsanitary. Lucky the cover was made of good quality paper and the damp cloth didn't hurt it.  I had to use a pretty damp cloth, it was that gross.  This is unacceptable when a customer is buying a new book !  I had ordered Dear Madame President a couple of weeks ago, and had the same issue.  Really unsanitary !  I hope Amazon reads these reviews and will fix this issue.  When a customer orders a new  book, you want the excitement of receiving a nice, new , CLEAN copy !
 Not worth the trouble
 Junk book, full of half truths, and whole lies.
 
 I ordered this pre publication and knowing the print run was adequate this time (after the Fire and Fury debacle) felt certain I would receive it on publication.  Received an email from Amazon nominating a far out date in May as the likely delivery.  As I was sharpening my pencil to let them know this should not be happening, I received a further email letting me know know they were mysteriously able to move up the delivery date and so I did receive my copy on April 24.  However, caveat emptor, this is because they clearly did a print on demand run on newsprint.  The content may be the same but the product is subpar.  A really shoddy print job with wavy paper which tears at the slightest tug as the page turns.  I may have to break down and get the eBook instead.<br/>A book should be a beautiful object and this Amazon provided copy is anything but that.  Destroys the reading pleasure.
 Mediocre at best
 Just finished this incredibly gripping book. The headlines and sound bites on the news are only a small snippet from this gripping story. It is about ethical leadership, truth telling and the challenges of having integrity in a world of political partisanship. While no fan of Trump, reading about one individuals’ interactions with this fake made me terrified of the damage that is being done toour democracy. The retelling of  Comey’s firing moved me to tears. No individual should be treated in this manner irrespective of politics. Comey’s narrative is reflective, insightful and seemingly honest. An exceptional read.
 Yuk
 I am findinding this book to be  very good .. well written.. very interesting. I am about 40% thru it. Looking forward to reading more. Finding great value in the personal side of the reasons and beginnings of James Comey’s  career.... going  on to serve As FBI Director..  standing on decisions of utmost importance. I find his ( and his wife’s ) Integrity ,  and sense of purpose, draws me thru the book as I read. I highly recommend it.
 What isn’t covered here, is that James Comey most likely lies in a bed of his own making.  His distain is palpable and likely warranted. Only the hardest of hardcore Trumpers can claim that he is anything other than a deeply flawed and problematic president.  Anecdotes about how and why he deeply flawed are like drops in the ocean. Comey argues that Trump’s greatest sin was conflating the presidency with himself and, in the process, disregarding constitutional and institutional norms. Am I supposed to be surprised by that revelation? It isn’t fake news, but it isn’t news at all.<br/>If we are attracted to this book because it an intelligent and well-reasoned verbal take-down, razor honed to elicit increasingly shrill Twitter responses, then “Mission Accomplished” as all the naïfs always say.<br/>But if this were to bring something new to the table, other than additional detail and color, then not so much. Does this book make me change my mind about, Donald J. Trump? Nope, and I would bet that almost all of America already has their mind made up.  And another book won’t change that.<br/>What this book does make me do is to wonder what role Comey played in getting Trump elected, and how he feels about that now.
 Garbage
 Waste of time to read this book. He tries to justify failing to do his job and it is obvious he had an anti-trump agenda.
 Honest, credible, and thoughtful.  It's his viewpoint, and he's entitled to that.  I found it funny that some were offended by the authors physical description of President Trump.  To not bring it up would almost be somewhat disingenuous since after one of President elect Trump's rallies, all the law enforcement guys were discussing Trump's appearance.  They could not get over his bright yellow hair and orange complexion.  So I am not at all surprised that some in law enforcement  were  kind of shocked by President Trumps appearance.
 Not being a man that reads biographical literature that much, this book was worth every penny that I spent on it. Director Comey clearly shows how his life experiences led him to how he became the well regarded FBI director he was known for.<br/><br/>He has served under multiple presidents, under different parties, and has brilliantly illustrated the contrasting differences between President Bush, President Obama, and Trump. He clearly makes the case, and shows all of us that Trump is exactly what we have all been seeing, and what all on the left have been screaming about for nearly 2 and a half years.<br/><br/>Trump treats the Presidency like a mafia boss. He expects loyalty to him above all things including the country. He is not a good leader, in fact he is a dangerously poor one.<br/><br/>He fired Director Comey for several reasons, but I can see how the first thing was because he openly told him that in his interview with Bill O’Reilly, equating Putin’s murderous regime with the United States Representative Democracy was not a “Great Answer” as Trump was expecting him to validate his interview response.<br/><br/>The firing was also partially in response to his not “Letting Go” of the investigation into Michael Flynn, the not openly denying the “hooker” allegations in the Steele Dossier (because they were not verified or unverified), and not pledging loyalty to him.<br/><br/>He is confirming what we already know, but from his viewpoint, which I find to be very telling.<br/><br/>Well Done Mr. Comey
 I blame Comey for this Abomination<br/><br/>One of the most horrifying things about Comey’s life of service to the United States is that his mistakes could take down a revered Democracy.  His ‘mistakes’ directly led to the unfit for humanity disaster in the WH.  While it would be nice to give Comey a pass for one of the most appalling mistakes in our recent democracy because he has suffered, his suffering was uniquely created by his own actions.<br/><br/>This book is not entirely about Trump.  I especially liked his writing about bullies.<br/><br/>Some of his best lines:  Trump is: “Unethical and untethered to truth and institutional values.  His leadership is transactional ego driven and about personal loyalty.”<br/><br/>“Donald Trump’s presidency threatens much of what is good about this nation.”  Donald Trump is an affront to decency and goodness.
 If you are looking for a tell all book regarding Mr. Trump I am relieved to tell you this book couldn’t be farther away from it.  I found it to be honest, refreshing, and as far away from political maneuvering as can be.  As an American I have watched the divide in our country grow so deep over numerous issues my morale and belief in us has slipped tremendously.  I watch our politicians posture, lie, blame and divide us even more.  I watch the media do the same thing and promote the far left and right as commentators for what I can only believe is for the ratings.  I often wonder if there are any people left in the middle ground.  Is it just me?  The people around me?  Do we not have any leadership who can tell us the truth, not to cause scandal but as their job to be honest?  I found the answer to this question in Comey.  I’ve listened to Comey’s interviews, I’ve watched his reports, his actions.  His message cut through the screaming, blaming, back stabbing we are inundated with on a daily basis.  He gave me hope that there are reasonable people in our government that are not tied to party lines.  He gave me hope that while we experience this reality tv show of the presidency and the deepening divide of our country at some point we will experience a fresh start.  I pray, hope, this will come to pass.  Thank you Mr. Comey for following your ethics and for all that you have done for our nation.
 An important book to read in order to have context from the recent political environment. U.S. democratic institutions are essential to protect the country's constitutional rule of law. Comey has been a Republican and was appointed as U.S. Attorney for the Southern New York District and Deputy Attorney General of the U.S. by President Bush. He was appointed as FBI Director by President Obama with strong Republican and Democratic support in his US. Senate confirmation vote. Comey comes off as a man focused on sharing the truth from his observation of recent political events and also critics some of his own human weaknesses as an individual. He is a defender of the FBI and the importance of the Rule of Law. This book is worth reading.
 I try to think of other nonfiction books deserving of five stars. I can think of a number of scholarly histories: David Cecil's two-volume biography of Lord Melbourne, anything written by Winston Churchill. But Comey's personal history that is a proper history, nevertheless, is in a different class. His narrative, well written as so few are these days, is painstakingly candid. The quality of his writing, the reaches of his candor meant I couldn't put down the book until I finished it. I want everyone to read it because it has given me some relief from the despair of current US political history. To read Comey's narrative is to understand why he made the disastrous pronouncements about the Hillary emails. There were no extant rules he broke, and DOJ, when consulted, punted, leaving the public talk of emails to Comey. Yes, there is a self-righteous tenor to the narrative. Yes, he seems to be a bit too old to be such a Boy Scout, but it is a comfort, a source of reassurance to read this book that speaks so directly, so clearly to integrity and the concept of the good that harkens back to Judeo-Christian and truly Islamic concepts of that goodness. Were I teaching Kant's third critique, I would require Comey's book in the syllabus. Were I teaching freshman composition, I would have it in the syllabus as a supplementary text. Were I teaching ethics, I would thrill to use it to excite my students and engage them in the critical and analytical thinking healthy survival demands.<br/>At the very least, Comey makes it easy to know the difference between couth and uncouth, the respectable and the reprehensible. This knowledge is at present insufficiently implemented and decisively, perilously ignored.<br/>Read this book; be fearless.
 I watched Mr. Comey's interview with George Stephanopolis, and have followed him since the Hillary Clinton email debacle. I have looked on him from that first press conference when he exonerated her, as a man of integrity.  I have tremendous respect for him, and the book, for me, just underscores that impression. I am incredibly sad that he is no longer in Washington because we need more people like him there. My hope is that Robert Mueller will be able to accomplish what Mr. Comey could not--for the sake of our country, we need that to happen.
 This wasn't exactly what I was expecting. Rather, it was a story of how Mr. Comey developed leadership throughout his life's experiences. I don't believe that Mr. Trump was even mentioned by name until after over 100 pages. That said, it was well written (clearly not rushed out) and consistent.<br/><br/>I don't necessarily agree with Mr. Comey on certain things, but I think for an historical perspective, this was definitely worth reading. He does tie things back together with Mr. Trump toward the end, and does it well. Mr. Comey gives his perspective on the current president, particularly relating to how leadership between the mob and the current White House have some things in common (a bit unnerving).<br/><br/>I am glad I read it. I have recommended it to others. Very interesting and worthwhile book!
 Lies
 " Let me not seek so much... to be understood as to understand "  " St. Frances of Assisi " First off, Mr Director, you were sent here to do this type of work, and I don't feel you are finished yet! You would also qualify for a very advanced writer or author.  I went through this book with a fine toothed comb, and can't see why people are picking, talking, gossiping, and carrying on in general, if you will. The only thing I  can see that you did wrong was to take an apple out of Dear Former President Obama's basket of apples, take it to the car, photograph it, send a picture of it to your daughter, then take it to her. ( giggles ) What a Director,  man, husband, and father! The FBI lost a wonderful soul when they lost you, and all because of a man who obviously to me has NPD and maybe some psychopathy. I have never in a million years seen such things happen other than in my own home. My husband is the twin of the president so to speak. Nothing either of them do puts any surprises on my face or in my soul. They are almost impossible to get along with, or be around. They only love themselves, manipulate, triangulate, lie like no other, use foul language at the drop of a hat, and on and on. You spoke of him never laughing, they don't!!! Never!!  Many, I believe do not understand what is below the surface here. They wonder, all of the news people wonder, people on the streets wonder, but many do not have the answers, and I didn't  understand either until I did a study on people of this nature and found out a whole lot I didn't care to know, but had to know as I live it. I ask any person who has yet to read the book: can you imagine working and facing your workers and teaching them or reading to them etc. and look up and on the back wall is written that you are being fired right that minute??? Well it happened here, and clear across the country from where the Director lived. Wouldn't you be afraid how to get home? He was!! I would be worse than scared!!  So many things he had to deal with, and go through, it is despicable to even name them all. He  is a great soul and person and didn't deserve to be treated this way, not at all. I know his calling  come from higher up, and I know he is not done  yet, whether it be with the government, or in private life. He will continue to help in some way, bring justice in some way, he is a natural. One doesn't see too many men now days who are loyal, compassionate, and honest. I personally loved this book, and read parts of it over and over again, not being able to comprehend how this could go on in our American government!! I hope all of you will pick this up, read it and realize what we lost here, and how we have to speak up and keep speaking up where we can or we won't have our democracy any longer.  Director, when you were speaking about Director of National Intelligence James Clapper having Kindness and Toughness and Confidence and Humility, you were also speaking of YOU!! It is funny how we speak of others and do not realize we are sometimes speaking of ourselves. We are all teachers and we are all students. I personally do not believe in coincidences either, and I believe every one of these four words just mentioned belong to you also. In the end I will also quote St. Frances of Assisi  " and... where there is darkness only light...
 Every element of a great leader Mr. Come addressed leads me to believe that Picard is probably his favorite captain.<br/>I loved the book. I opted for the audio version - I am glad I did because Comey's subtle glimpses at emotions really shine through, adding a sincerity that I don't think I would have picked up on had I read it.<br/>One thing is clear, this book is not a partisan echo chamber. Comey's ethical decision making takes an approach founded in universalism above all else. What is right is always right, and everybody should be treated the same under the law. Comey never makes value judgements based on political discourse, and I really appreciate that. I am also thankful that he brought me on this trip outside of my personal media consumption, providing me to see things I was highly critic about through his eyes.
 Very good and informing. I was reallty impressed with jims moral character confirms my thoughtts on mr. Trump.. thank you
 I was negatively influenced about Comey by an out of context news story that was on TV shortly after the election. Law enforcement agencies were at a reception where Trump thanked them and called Comey to shake hands, saying he was more famous than he was.  It appeared like Comey was a Trump supporter and that bothered me greatly as the Director of the FBI has no business outwardly supporting any political party. Reading the book cleared up this misconception and many others.<br/><br/>I had no idea that in “normal” presidencies there is little direct interaction between the president and the White House. I appreciate the education and information I learned in reading the book about how the FBI and DOJ operate. I also enjoyed learning about his background and how he rose to the Director of the FBI.  It’s unfortunate the guy living in the White House couldn’t have a man of Comey’s integrity stick around for the full 10 year term.<br/><br/>The book was very well written, provided great background information and contained nothing of a gossipy nature. There was no mention of Ivanka or Jared (other than a quick introduction in passing) so if that’s what you’re looking for, you’ll be disappointed.<br/><br/>I now understand the dilemma Comey faced with the Hillary mess but I still feel he was highly influential in her failure to get elected although not sure he could have avoided his statement prior to the election. It makes me angry that Hillary’s assistant, Huma Abedin, didn’t come forward earlier to let Hillary and the FBI know the damn emails were on the Werner’s laptop!<br/><br/>I’m impressed with Comey, have seen his recent interviews and wish Trump’s supporters would listen to him and believe him when he says the lying man isn’t fit to be president. I wish Comey well and hope he continues his fight for Truth. Heck I would vote for him for president.
 I don’t own a Kindle! Omg
 It's late and my brain is foggy, but I want to leave a brief comment on Comey's book.  My husband and I both thoroughly enjoyed it.  It's well written and hugely interesting, especially when he relates his various experiences  prosecuting cases- from Mafia dons to politicians to Martha Stewart.  I have always been a bit flummoxed by the fact that so many prosecutions involve lying to investigators and not the actual crime, be it money laundering, breaking and entering, outing an active intelligence agent, insider trading or whatever.  It's more apt to be the cover up, the lying, the obstruction of justice.  That may end up being true in some of the Russian meddling prosecutions as well.  I used to wonder why that was the case, but I've come away from reading this book with a new perspective on lying.  For me that's what I believe the main focus of the book to be- the importance of truth.  In our modern political environment and in society as a whole, truth is more elusive than ever.  Social media has contributed to that, and a president who is known to play fast and loose with the trurh and who uses social media to spread his version of it has contributed to that environment.  Holding those who serve us to a high standard of truth is essential for a free society.  After reading "A Higher Loyalty" I more fully understand why our federal law enforcement agencies are so aggressive in the prosecution of anyone who lies or takes part in any kind of cover up.  Remember as kids being told to tell the truth no matter what we'd done, that telling a lie would get us in worse trouble than the actual misbehaviour?  I sure do.
 Just finished reading 100% of the book. James Comey starts with sharing an experience of a time his house was broken in by a robber while his parents were away and he was alone with Pete. James Comey recounts his investigations of the Mafia. James Comey talks about having Malaria and thanks his wife Patrice for taking him on the back of her motorcycle to the Hospital. He mentions his family life and his new born son Collin who passed away in the hospital after Doctors failed to give Collin treatment while Collin was already showing abnormal behavior.<br/><br/>Comey goes on to talk about his role as FBI director during the Obama Administration.<br/><br/>He talks about Micheal Brown and how fake news caused a big up roar and hatred on police by their distortion on what happened in Ferguson and thus caused great divisions.<br/><br/>Comey tries to justify the outcome of not prosecuting what clinton did with her private email server which had classified government data by saying that even if her actions were bad though a statute was broken and had lied to FBI officials about having classified information but she did so carelessly.<br/><br/>He says that the Clinton campaign was calling the criminal investigation surrounding Hillary Clinton a "matter" and he says that Attorney General Loretta Lynch was strangely telling him to do the same when confronting the media.<br/>When Attorney General Loretta Lynch met with Bill Clinton privately on a tarmac he saw it not as a big deal, though it was after this private meeting that the decision of not prosecuting Secretary Hillary Clinton was decided . So this shows that the Clinton campaign had influence on the outcome of the investigation concerning Clinton.<br/><br/>Comey goes on to say that "in mid June the Russian Government began dumping emails stolen from the institutions associated with the Democratic Party." Here he is implying that Wikileaks is the Russian Government without any evidence to back it up. Though Wikileaks has already said that it was not Russia but someone living in the United States who sent the emails to Wikileaks. Is Comey saying Russia in order to protect Clinton?, its possible. Comey has said in his Book he has been investigating the clintons since the Clinton administration. Each of those investigations he has let the Clintons walk free and has stop the investigations unexpectedly even when evidence appears to pile up, he does admit that Hillary Clinton destroyed evidence even after receiving a subpoena .Comey investigated a suicide in the clintons white house. Comey was behind an investigation of Bill clinton in January 2002.<br/><br/>Comey mentions the piss dossier as evidence "strongly suggesting that the Russian government was trying to interfere in the election in 3 ways." He later admits the suppose "evidence" as "unverifiable", this is the same "dossier" that was used to grant a FISA warrant to spy on Clinton opponent Donald Trump which was paid by Hillary Clinton and her campaign.<br/><br/>Comey tries to imply if you did not go along with Hillary Clinton during the 2016 election and not supported her or made no positive comments about her as "associating or working with the Russians". I believe this mindset is very dangerous to suggest if you did not support Hillary Clinton for president as if working with the Russians. Again this is all based on the "unverifiable dossier" , even though the suggested "evidence" is unverifiable a tyrant Government can use this to justify in going after ANYONE who speaks against the corruption going within former director James Comey FBI.<br/><br/>He says that "Candidate Clinton herself was talking about the Russian effort to elect her opponent.", well we do know that she was who paid for the slanderous "dossier" which is why she knew about what was in the dossier before the "Dossier" was publish by Buzzfeed and CNN.<br/><br/>He says that his family were Hillary supporters and that they attended the "Woman's March" which was more of a rally in protest to President Trump presidency. Before the election Comey said he did his job as if Hillary was already President and as if working for Her even though the election was weeks to come. He says " I was making decisions in an environment where Hillary Clinton was sure to be the next President"<br/><br/>Comey goes on to talk about Donald Trump inauguration and as FBI director fails to talk about the riots and protestors blocking the entrance to the inauguration where they set a limousine on fire,stores were broken in including a Starbucks. He compares trump inauguration to obama but Obama had no rioters.<br/><br/>Comey expected Trump to curse Russia based on what the suppose "evidence" or the DNC funded "dosser". We do know that the clinton campaign was running the DNC before Hillary was nominated based on Donna Brazile latest book where she implies that Hillary Clinton cheated Bernie Sanders. Yet comey fails to mention that he signed a FISA warrant based on the "Dossier" paid by Hillary Clinton and the DNC. He said the Dossier was "salacious and unverified". The Dossier was politically crafted much of it has been proven to be false yet Comey use it to get a FISA warrant.<br/><br/>Finishing,Comey goes on to slander president Trump of undermining public confidence in law enforcement institutions when this enforcement institutions have been caught lying,protecting politicians like Hillary Clinton having a double standard when it comes to investigating certain politicians and letting them walk free before finishing an investigation.
 I feel James Comey is an honest man and that he was treated unfairly by the Trump administration- I felt.  He made errors in judgement and this book explained his decision
 I bought it for my friend. I do not want to waste my time for this book.
 I know how controversial Mr. Comey is, but I found this book to be honest, and an open and accurate portrait of a man trying to keep his integrity intact  in today's Washington D.C. His considerable ego shows, yes, but so does his thoughtful, sometimes tortured decision-making, and his grave misgivings about the current administration and its malleable principles. Like him or not, Mr. Comey is a man of considerable intelligence and honesty and I think a fair reading of this book proves this without question. The loss of his service is a loss for America.
 I don't actually care for James Comey so very much, but the book is very good in that it teaches you a lot about the FBI and the Justice Dept and how they work in their interactions with the President.  It is a very good read. I am still confused about the Hillary Clinton email issue. But I am a Democrat and was hoping for a woman President in my life time. She would have been the chance I was hoping for during my little life span.
 Can't believe I was able to get this book so fast considering it was selling out so fast. It was worth every penny. Thank you..
 I was surprised at how much I liked this book. I believe that he did a great disservice to the American people when it came to what was said publicly about the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, but I understand better now why he did it. I completely disagree with the actions taken and I do believe it cost Clinton the presidency. Anecdotally, I saw the momentum shift around me with everyone I knew who was struggling with whom to vote for, especially people who did not follow politics deeply or who did not understand the various contexts surrounding the election.<br/><br/>However, the book was about more than just those incidents and that story. It was a good read. I appreciated his take on other incidents that I remember and knew about.  I think it’s an important book to contextualize certain moments in history.
 Really interesting reading. I don't know whether I agree with the positions he has taken, but I certainly understand his perspective now. It was a really easy read; I read it in two sittings. Two thumbs up. Even if you aren't a fan, if you have an open mind, you will leave with a clearer understanding of Comey, the man and his motives.
 Purchased this for my Mother for Mother's Day.  She had mentioned that she would like to read Mr. Comey's book.  She really enjoyed his story.
 Say what you will, but James Comey is a force to be reckoned with. I will be happy to see more from him in the future.
 good advice here from Comey.  Smart guy who I wanted to hate, but can't. He's too smart, and too experienced and he'll win in the end.
 I read Mr. Comey's book in one sitting and appreciated the contents and the quality of the person behind them.  This must have been difficult for him to write after a long career of authoring governmental and legal documents.
 Not being American (I live in New Zealand), I usually don't pay much attention to American politics, but when I heard about James Comey being fired last year, my interest spiked significantly.  Like millions of others around the globe, the 45th President is pushing America into the spotlight on a regular basis, so it's hard to ignore what is happening there at the moment.  I have thoroughly enjoyed reading this book and it has been presented in a well balanced manner, devoid of any malice, which for me portrays the kind of man James Comey is. I recommend this book and hope that James writes again.
 Very enlightening- glad he was in government service.  Thank you, Mr. Comey, for your service!
 This is a great book to read. First, it gives me a chance to know Comey from his growing up period through his professional years to the end of his career, and it also allows me to see his thought process; second, it mentions many investigation cases in more details, cases that I only head briefly from the news report; third, it wakes me up to how challenging it is to be an FBI director whose motivation is constantly being questioned and challenged, and whose final decision will never please both parties. No matter how truth-based the investigation is, the pressure to bend the law and make exceptions for one party or one person, and the degree of frustration of being misinterpreted or being falsely accused is mentally taxing, exacting, and sapping, most specially with the current president. Fourth, I appreciate very much the way Comey ran the FBI organization, his policy, his objective attitude, his understanding of employee-employer relationship, his cultivation of trust, honesty, truthfulness, and most specially his clear sense of boundary. It takes TREMENDOUS maturity and discipline to respect personal and professional boundary and to speak based on facts, something the current president is not able to role model. To stand for truth, sometimes, does come with a painful price most specially when the most powerful person in the land uses his power for his personal convenience and gratification. It is very unfortunate Comey was fired in the most unprofessional, unprincipled, unethical manner by the current president of the United States! Something has gone horribly, despicably awry!
 Interesting read and saddens me that our country is now run by a dictator
 Wonderful book.  Mr. Comey has integrity.  He loves our country.  I am so sorry that our pitiful President treated him so poorly.  I couldn't put the book down.  Reads like a novel, not as a dry political book.
 Excellent.  It is written so well, that I could almost hear Mr. Comey speaking.
 This is one non-fiction book that will have a lasting impact on me. The impression I had of Comey before reading A Higher Loyalty was that he was an idealist who believed very strongly in the core values of America and its Constitution and for whom public service is the ultimate expression of those beliefs. Since reading this book, not only has my opinion of him in that regard not changed, but I hold those beliefs even more strongly myself now.<br/><br/>While it took a while to get to the parts I think most of us picked up this book for (2016 to the present), his background helps the reader understand how his values developed. Like many, I haven't always completely agreed with everything he has done, but it's easy to respect his thoughts and actions because he lays everything out in a logical manner. His experiences with past presidents (and other bosses, for that matter) help you understand why and how his encounters with Trump were so markedly different and why their context is important to recent events.<br/><br/>I have to point out that even as bleak as things may seem nowadays, Comey's final words paint a picture of hope: a world in which justice prevails and truth triumphs.
 A good read. A little too self righteous for me but gave me a better understanding of this man. Too bad he board sided the Clinton campaign.
 Excellent item, price and seller.
 Book worth buying.
 aaaaaa+++++++++++
 fabulous story!
 Great book. As with the man the story is not perfect but it is important to history to hear all sides
 It's interesting to know what is really going on in Washington.
 Great book if you are all interested in between what happened between Mr. Comey and The Donald
 This is a really good book. Scary but good. 45 must be impeached.
 Came very fast and exactly as shown and described for a great price ! Thank You
 interesting book by a man with obvious high integrity
 Great book and a great man. Everyone should read it.
 Received as indicated and as promised, on time.  A very good read, not disappointed at all.
 I thought it was a great thoughtful very informative book I listen to it I recommend it highly
 I bought this book for my Mom and she said she enjoyed reading it.
 Interesting read and worth the time.
 I love it every bit of it it was worth it of reading it  actual worth it of having on my collection book
 Great view of what is to serve the country.
 Great man, great read.
 Hard to tell who is telling the truth these days.
 This is an interesting read.  Not all I expected to learn though.
 I enjoyed hearing his side of this story...political life is going downhill fast.  Who can you trust anymore?
 finally somebody that has integrity and honor and that tells the truth. Great read as well. Congratulations to Mr. Comey for an excellent job of service to this nation in trouble.
 Interesting views
 Interesting. A bit self serving
 Interesting book. A piece of history
 To be honest, I read this to find out the inside information on what happened with the Prez.  What I didn't expect was that about the first half of the book is about leadership, and there's some good stuff in there.  The book also gives an insider's perspective about FBI innerworkings, although having the Director be chauffeured and attended in a heavily armored vehicle seems like  - forgive the verbiage - overkill.  Is he really that much at risk for being blown up, shot, or kidnapped?  Kind of seemed like a painful example of Your Tax Dollars At Work.<br/><br/>He can be quite dispassionate when discussing events, but clearly he has a great respect for his wife and was profoundly impacted by the death of their child.  It is always interesting to learn more about someone's upbringing and the kind of things that may have shaped them to be who they are today.<br/><br/>Given the timeframe in which it was written, he had no idea that Rudy Giuliani would resurface at Trump's side. I think there will be other things that, in the months to come, will relate back to Mr. Comey's observations and thoughts.  I enjoyed the book.
 More details our government how 's running.
 Great
 fast shipping; very good book
 Great read
 great writing and great values to embrace. passed it on.
 Donated to a prison ministry
 Glad I ordered this book
 Fantastic...Thank you!
 Interesting book
 Satisfied with purchase.
 Good book with great life lessons.
 I enjoyed reading this. I learned a few things from this book. I learned about honesty and how important it is in our government.. I also learned about leadership. I think we all have examples of our best and worst leaders/managers/bosses. This book focuses on the traits that make those leaders great - or not so great.<br/><br/>I have a greater respect for the FBI after reading this. I hope there are more people like Comey in the FBI who honor the truth above all else.
 ok
 ✔
 couldn't put it down. even took it to work.
 TELLS THE TRUTH
 Very interesting book.  Not quite finished yet.
 Came as shown
 Interesting read!!
 Very interesting
 gift she loved it!!!!
 Interesting.
 Cowey is my homey
 Excellent read .
 Interestkng
 Important book to read and learn!  Comeys writing style is fantastic and intelligent!  Read everyone to learn his side of events and why he acted the way he did in 2016 and 2017!
 Good read
 Great read.
 Hard to put down
 Something new to read.
 Interesting Read.
 Like it
 Mother enjoyed this book
 interesting
 good read
 thanks
 Mr. Comey, a life-long Republican, has held political views I do not agree with. None-the-less, I have come to respect his integrity and honesty. This book details some of the most recent examples of how these attributes brought about his firing as Director of the FBI. Sadly, these are qualities neither demonstrated nor valued by the current administration in Washington.<br/><br/>If push came to shove, I would vote for him before I would cast my ballot for a dishonest Democrat - or one who thrives on chronic lying and the creation of 'alternative facts.'
 I love how much he love the law and serve to the best he could
 nice read it more.
 A must-read for every American.
 Great depiction of the transpired events with an honest attempt to maintain an impartial account on the reported facts.
 good
 Exactly what I wanted.
 I was validated in my opinion of government as it operates.
 Awesome purchase.  I did not put this down til the very last word!  Thanks!
 Kept me engaged. Admire his courage
 A great read for a young man to see that honor is the necessary condition that a man should hold himself too. And amongst corrupt politicians and even more corrupt president bankrupt of character conscience is badly needed.  A higher loyalty is a American treasure seeking a far higher path then where we are currently as a nation.
 As a citizen who had been deeply disturbed by the actions and behavior of the current president, my uneasiness turned to outright consternation when he fired James Comey.  I felt that Comey was a respectable leader, with integrity and values unmatched by most public servants.  I was anxious to hear Comeys story...<br/><br/>His is a story of a man stuck between a rock and a hard place - with boulder falling from overhead.<br/>The impossible decisions that he had to make during an important election year-maybe the most important election in American history- and then being fired via news reports have set in to motion an investigation that may lead to justice for all the people who feel their beloved democracy has been desecrated.
 I am about halfway through this book and just love it.  I laugh out loud sometimes.  Great sense of humor.  Good story teller.  Interesting reading.  I just love this book!
 loved this.  For those interested in Trump bashing, he actually spends more time on the Hillary investigations.  Great message on leadership though...or lack thereof in our current administration.
 Great and honest book. Really proved how and honest America is. Comet made mistakes, but this shows how much  he loves America still works for the American people without lies.
 Did not order
 This is a very interesting book.  Its easy to read and fun... showing many insights into how our government works... or doesn't....
 rather elementary book - validates what we think !  I do believe James Comey is an honorable man.
 An easy read, but slightly pompous. Like his philosophy and still admire him. Highly recommend
 Well written and compelling! Help understand the problem with the Hilliary Clinton emails.
 Excellent! Honest and interesting account of James Comey experience and life.
 Superb book! Well written and interesting. Comey is a good storyteller.
 Bought before published, it was in my mailbox on release day.
 Product was exactly as advertised and shipped promptly.
 Bought this book as a gift for someone.
 Excellent reading. Very well written.<br/><br/>Clearly defines the differences between an honest, honorable man who has dedicated his life to serve his country and an obnoxious nouveau riche who is self centered, vulgar, arriviste, culturally inferior, lacking class, decorum, elegance, good manners and good taste.
 Excellent and very well written. I recommend it to everyone.
 Very interesting.
 Great read
 good book
 Nice product.
 Excellent  Book worth the read
 Great price! Fast shipping!
 I wasn't too sure about Comey, but after reading this book I have become a Comey fan. He doesn't make excuses for himself about anything, admits where he was wrong, admits when he should have done something different than what he had done. I have watched the interviews he's given since the book came out and they just reinforce my viewpoint that he is an honest man.
 Before I read this book, I thought that James Comey was a good and honorable man who was truthful and wanted the best for our country. Now that I've read "A Higher Loyalty" I'm even more convinced that he is just that, and it makes me sad that such a good and dedicated public servant had to suffer through the blight put upon him by a new administration and ultimately lose the job he loved.<br/><br/>Comey's book is not a book that bashes Trump all the way through.  In fact, it isn't until the final few chapters that he even talks about what took place between Trump and himself. Most of this very well-written book gives the reader a background about Comey's life, how he learned the hard lessons and admissions of his own flaws, both in life and work.  He speaks lovingly of his wife and children, and gets the point across about how much they've supported him and how glad he is to be with them.<br/><br/>A good bit of time is spent on the Clinton e-mail case,  why it was investigated the way it was, and on the information that led up to the controversy of  the release of the pre-election information.  After following Comey's logic and the information the FBI obtained, I understand why he did it.  I also understand Sec. Clinton's reasons for being upset about it.<br/><br/>Comey is to be admired for his honesty and truthfulness while being pressured by a president who doubtfully would recognize either one if he fell over them.  He stayed true to himself and never fell into the trap of pledging loyalty to someone who expected it, no matter what he did.<br/><br/>The book is an excellent source of information on how our FBI works and why it has to be independent.  Our Founding Fathers knew the importance of freedom of the press then as much as those of us who hold all of our freedoms dear today.  Thank you, James Comey, for your service and for the truth.
 No matter your politics, Mr. Comey is brilliant and insightful about people, organizations and what effective, strong, ethical leadership actually looks like. You can’t put the book down as the stories and events were compelling in every way. How America needs more such leaders in such a time as this.
 Th<br/>e book is a Must read.<br/>It will be a historical book that explains the truth of real democracy!
 Please be advised that this book is primarily an autobiography. It is not a scandal-laden, secret-revealing tell- all as is advertised. Mr. Comey is an interesting man and a very good write.
 When James Comey testified before Congress a Republican I know posted, “I don’t believe a word that comes out of this man’s mouth.” This is probably as great an injustice as I’ve run across in life. She won’t read this book, but she should!
 Good informative read
 Thank you for carrying this book.  It's well written, insightful and gives us a view to the life of a Public Servant.  I'll keep it in my library as a re-read!
 Coney is a life long Republican, yet now demonized by POTUS who is Saprano and Gotti on steroids. I encourage all Hannity Fox viewers to read this book now!!!
 I’m waiting to read it On my vacation because I know it’s going to be a great read. I have let someone read it before me and they can’t put it down I can’t wait.
 James Comey is a person of high integrity, and was an asset in all the positions with the government that he served in.  We thank him for his excellent leadership as the FBI Director, and for his service to our country. Reading this book will provide an understanding as to the difficult decisions and interactions that Director Comey had to deal with. He was always trying to do the right thing with integrity, and in my view he is to be highly commended.
 A relief to have Comey in today's greater, grimmer political picture.  This man raises the bar of respect and gives the reader hope for the future of humankind.
 The television reporters and the many interviews on TV from Comey ruined this book for me.<br/>Once I read it I had already heard all of the details from Comey's interviews on TV.<br/>Just watch his interviews and you won't need to read the book.<br/>I do believe every word he said.
 Great
 this is one of the most important, most clarifying and most truthful books ever written. It explains so many things.
 More about Coomeys path to ethics than  just a rehash of Trump. I really enjoyed it
 of course I adore this book.
 Delivered as promised
 This is a 5 star book, but I gave it 4 because I'm still mad at Comey's announcement right before the 2016 election. Spoiler - he doesn't apologise, but there is insight to his thinking, how Trump tried to engage him, how he was not comfortable. Sounds like a bad blind-date but it is a very good book and I left it thinking better of Comey than I expected to.
 very good Book
 A real page turner.
 Finding out much that the media left out.  Hillary's lawyers drug their feet.  If they had cooperated the whole thing would've been over well before the election. That and Anthony Wiener not being a pervert....read the book to find out why another wiener took down the Clintons.  (And I voted for Hillary)
 "Time to rise and Shine and show the world what you're made of. - Joan Comey (Comey's mother)<br/><br/>"A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies and Leadership" by James Comey  was not an expose' on POTUS as many  would had expected  but what it really was about was what he as the former FBI Director fired by #45  felt great leadership looked liked in his lifetime and how 'it'-- leadership can be tested.  It was an inspiring book on his life growing up with strong parents, being bullied as a child after leaving Yonkers and School 16 to Allendale,  New Jersey, his bullied youth, even how he once bullied someone once with great regret.  His mistakes and weaknesses  were many  but graciously acknowledged along with his strengths.  It does not focus on "everything Trump" (that would be giving Trump too much acknowledgment and power over him)  but leaders in his life,  be it his teachers, mentors,  his first boss, Harry Howell to his last under Donald R. Trump.  Written simplistically yet told candidly as a truly thought-provoking read by a very smart man with 20 years in American government as a dedicated servant.  "A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies and Leadership" was relatable to people in all walks of life that it will touch you because it speaks on how important good, sound decisions affects us all in one way or another.  Basically in reading this book  it spoke to me on one of my favorite bible verses- "For of those to whom much is given, much is required."- Luke 12:48<br/><br/>Comey's  epilogue gave a blunt assessment on POTUS that was the fire that many people saw fit to hold against James Comey because they felt it as a FBI Director giving criticism against a sitting president.  I see it as truth said from a former FBI Director who was never supposed  to pledge a personal loyal to a president but to the Justice Department.<br/><br/>"Donald Trump’s presidency threatens much of what is good in this nation. We all bear responsibility for the deeply flawed choices put before voters during the 2016 election, and our country is paying a high price: this president is unethical, and untethered to truth and institutional values. His leadership is transactional, ego driven, and about personal loyalty. We are fortunate some ethical leaders have chosen to serve and to stay at senior levels of government, but they cannot prevent all of the damage from the forest fire that is the Trump presidency. Their task is to try to contain it."<br/><br/>"I see many so-called conservative commentators, including some faith leaders, focusing on favorable policy initiatives or court appointments to justify their acceptance of this damage, while deemphasizing the impact of this president on basic norms and ethics. That strikes me as both hypocritical and morally wrong. The hypocrisy is evident if you simply switch the names and imagine that a President Hillary Clinton had conducted herself in a similar fashion in office. I’ve said this earlier but it’s worth repeating: close your eyes and imagine these same voices if President Hillary Clinton had told the FBI director, “I hope you will let it go,” about the investigation of a senior aide, or told casual, easily disprovable lies nearly every day and then demanded we believe them. The hypocrisy is so thick as to almost be darkly funny. I say this as someone who has worked in law enforcement for most of my life, and served presidents of both parties. What is happening now is not normal. It is not fake news. It is not okay."
 Very well written.  Comey is a man who has long tried to do what is right and honorable.  I found the first part (40% or so) an excellent basis to judge what he became.  Is he perfect?  No. But he tried to what what was both ethical and lawful. He truly is someone to admire.<br/><br/>It is becoming more evident on a daily basis that President Trump is doing great damage to our country.  People are now attacking others on social media, and one hopes it just stops there.  While I do think Comey is part of why Trump won I have a much better understanding of why he did what he did.  And he was right.  I am no fan of Ms. Clinton, either, although I do think she would have been much better than our current POTUS.<br/><br/>I urge you read the book no matter what your political beliefs are.  It will be well worth your time.
 A Higher Loyalty is the perfect title for James Comey's book.He convincingly presents the basic fundamentals that a good and ethical leader needs to possess- a commitment to lasting core values that we learned from childhood; honesty, integrity, and a respect for truth in all cases; listening to others coupled with empathy; a kindness balanced with a stable toughness; and a confidence tempered by humility. These qualities are critical for effective leadership both on the individual and institutional level.<br/><br/>J. Comey served as FBI Director under both the G.W. Bush and Obama administrations. While he did not agree with everything they did, he respected them, particularly for retaining that important  line between the political interests and intelligence communities. Pres. Obama made a point of stressing that the FBI Director works for the American people and not for him.<br/><br/>All of the above changed under the Trump White House. The president demands personal loyalty above all else. He arbitrarily removes the traditionally accepted functional division between the president's interests and law enforcement. All of a sudden, the Dept. of Justice and the FBI were supposed to become political tools for the Executive branch and not a check on abuses of presidential power.<br/><br/>Mr. Comey mentions that we are living in a dangerous time, where we are being gradually but persistently desensitized to breaches in fundamental leadership core values. "Alternative facts" are supposed to be accepted as reality, lying becomes normal, attempts at honest reporting become "fake news", and unethical behavior and breaches of human decency are ignored.<br/><br/>Albert Einstein once said: "If I were to remain silent, I would be guilty of complicity." Congressional leaders who may privately object to what is going on but remain silent due to partisan politics may wish to remind themselves of this quote.<br/><br/>My hope and prayer is that Jim Comey is right in his optimism for America's future. Perhaps we are going through a "forest fire" now that will make room for new growth. Our hope as citizens rests in going to the polls and voting for honorable leaders who will represent us with integrity and truth. Voting is also our chance to restore the balance of power among our three branches of government as our Founding Fathers intended. Thank you Jim Comey for this excellent and insightful work.You deserve our highest respect, served our nation with distinction, and are a true patriot,
 Very well written and engaging.  I listened to the audiobook version of this book, which is narrated by the author.  I believe Mr. Comey's books shows as high degree of objectiveness and self-analysis as a person can be in a memoir.  He often references the moral compass he tries to live by, but also where his personal failings have impacted him.  The first half of this book is about his background and the steps in his professional life, which is fascinating to me.  He does go into detail (where he can without compromising agents or investigations) about procedures, both during his time as an attorney and as FBI Director.  The snippets we hear on the news are only a fraction of the story.  The reasons why a particular action is either taken or not taken, be it a legal or an investigative strategy, is explained more thoroughly in this book.  That is to be expected, of course, since the news has a finite amount of minutes to talk to us while a book has far more.  Throughout his history, he describes several different cases and the extra detail was enlightening, but not in a long or boring manner.  The pace was good, and the narrative was excellent.  This book kept my interest throughout.  Also, note: Mr. Comey does discuss what happened with Trump, and the dilemma of no-win situations he (Comey) found himself in during 2016, later in the book.  He explains those dilemmas well, and he explains how he thought through available options and probable consequences of those actions.  He did not take the situation lightly.  We don't often understand why things happen in areas that we are not experts in, or employed in, and when politics or law enforcement are involved, many of us assume too quickly when we hear something negative in current events that an error had to have been made, or that someone should have done this or that, etc. - aka armchair quarterbacking.  It's human nature, but it's also dangerous at times.  Read this book and you will see that in fact Mr Comey did carefully consider options in most every situation, and he explains them.  There was simply no good solution to so much of what was going on.  I wish this man were not treated as poorly as he was in the spring of 2017.  We need more ethical leaders in positions of power and/or influence.
 No matter which side of the isle you sit, without reading James Comey's book you will never fully understand his reasoning in regard to the Clinton email investigation, facing a president who was demanding he lay aside loyalty to our country in favor of loyalty to Trump, or his effort to be true to a greater moral compass.<br/><br/>As Comey writes, “This president is unethical, and untethered to truth and institutional values.  His leadership is transactional, ego driven and about personal loyalty.”<br/><br/>Many of the questions I wrestled with in regards to Comey's decisions were made clear once I read this very informative book.<br/><br/>After reading “A Higher Loyalty,” you will never claim James Comey is in any way self-serving.
 Very enlightening!!
 Excellent read.  The "behind the scenes" of the 2016 election fascinating and frustrating.  His history about the law working with 3 different administrations is very interesting.  Comey is questioning our moral conscious as a society considering all the nasty and ugliness the current administration is spewing.  He is very observant, an excellent read of the current resident in the White House who lacks knowledge about the law and constitution.  As the former FBI director, Comey points out how vital it is to put people over politics.
 I had some pretty ambivalent feelings about James Comey, as a result of what I'd heard in the media, but I am enjoying his book very much.  I usually avoid memoirs, because they are often so self-serving.  Maybe that's true here, but Mr. Comey seems introspective and very aware of his weaknesses, as well as his strengths.<br/><br/>I have found his book very interesting, as well as entertaining.  Although Mr. Comey admits that he has an ego, he is also humble and not afraid to laugh at himself.  Best of all, this book ia wonderful treatise on leadership and the qualities that make a good leader, as well as a good person.  From a young age, Mr. Comey has used his life experiences, even the tragedies in his life, as learning experiences in his effort to become an ever-better person.  Like all of us, he is an imperfect human being, and he's not afraid to acknowledge that.  What matters is his drive to do the right and honorable thing.  In one part of the book, he lists what he considers to be the qualities of a  good leader.  I was very impressed and can tell these are things he has thought about a great deal, over the years.<br/><br/>I'm impressed.  This book has been a real inspiration for me, and I was not expecting that.  Highly recommended.
 Mr. Comey's writing style is wonderful to read. His stories illustrate strong aspects of leadership. Especially ethical leadership. Its refreshing to hear from someone with such integrity, considering to corruption of the current administration. I highly recommend this book.
 I enjoyed this read.  Covered his whole carrier, not just the turmoil of the last few years.  After reading the book I can see clearly why Trump is attacking and trying to discredit Comey.  Trump's name calling and attacks will not alter the truth the Russians help elect our current president.
 I’ve thought about this book a lot since I read it. It should be looked at as more than a commentary on Trump, it should be read by leaders who are searching for moral leadership skills and how to get the best from employees. In fact, in progressive churches, it would make an interesting book study.
 Sincere and heartfelt writing that touches on serious issues such as the integrity of the justice system in the United States. All citizens should work to fight and sustain that for a better future especially during dire moments currently.
 This was a gift for my nephew. He can't put it down. The diagrams are great， and the text is written in an understandable prose.
 This was a gift for my nephew. He can't put it down. The diagrams are great, and the text is written in an understandable prose.
 This was a gift for my nephew. He can't put it down. The diagrams are great, and the text is written in an understandable prose.
 This was a gift for my nephew. He can't put it down. The diagrams are great, and the text is written in an understandable prose.
 Kind of slow and pedantic for the first 2/3's, with occasional historical tidbits of interest. Last third kept my attention.
 Amazing book by James Comey. Didn't think I would like it because I didn't agree with Comey's actions at the time but after reading the book, it does explain why he did what he did. Was pleasantly surprised to have enjoyed this book immensely. Would recommend this book to everyone
 This had a lot of information that I never knew and is a very good history of Comey's carrier.
 I bought the audiobook version and it was mesmerizing to hear Comey himself narrate this fantastic book.  He goes into very deep detail about his upbringing and how a traumatic event involving a home robbery was pivotal in shaping his career path and world view about crime and justice.  Of course, he goes into depth about his infamous encounters with the lying Commie criminal Trump, and even gives tantalizing clues about how much serious trouble Trump is in over his collusion with Russia to steal the 2016 election.  Comey is going to be hailed as one of the greatest America heroes of the 21st century once this Russia investigation is complete and Commie Trump and all his vile cronies are imprisoned or put in front of the firing squad.  All hail Comey, a great American patriot that helped take down the worst President in U.S. history !!
 Great Book, very telling
 Listened to this sucker with my wife's Amazon account. What a sucker, indeed. A higher loyalty? Shame about your emails, too.
 Love the book
 great
 I think the title says it all, Comey has only one true loyalty and that is to himself.  I enjoyed this book.  It was insightful trip through the mind of a psychopath.  His deviations from procedure, his lies, half truths and lawyerisms litter the book and highlight the forces that have corrupted this nation and agencies we rely on.<br/><br/>Its clear that Comey did not act independently but with the tacit guidance and approval of those above him.  He makes no admission of guilt about his demonstrated lies, but rathers blames others.  His self inflated ego is too commonplace to those who have worked in Washington DC among various political agencies and dens where politicians and their allies lurk.  The book betrays no empathy for those he shamelessly prosecuted.  The book is laden with attempts at manipulation through lies, half truths, and gross distortions.<br/><br/>On one hand I highly recommend this book because it is sure to become the "textbook" on psychopaths and their characteristics.<br/><br/>On the other hand this book serves as a cautionary warning about ambition run wild, corruption at the highest levels of government, the abuse of power.  No author could pen such a novel.  As an exhibit it ranks with 1984 as a warning of what evil men do in the name of "a higher good."
 Excellent book 👍
 Great book!
 Phenomenal book. We are witnessing history with our country and this book is a must read, regardless of what political party you affiliate with. Thank you Director Comey for sharing your truth. I am looking forward to the next book when everything is presented and not redacted due to the ongoing criminal investigations.
 James Comey put out an extremely good here and I am just amazed
 James Comey is a man of honor and I think everything is true.
 This is a thoughtful, well written book. It flows through recent history as the author strives to make sense of the current American political scene. After reading I have much respect for former director Comey and look forward to more of his insightful comments.
 Not sure that anyone has a grasp on anything. : /
 Comey’s writing is excellent; he pulls you in with detail and brilliantly memorable phrases. The details, vocabulary, the clear-eyed self knowledge combine to make a powerful book. I expected the revelations, what I did not expect was the excellent writing, illuminating back story and pure goodness of the man as an administrator, husband, father, observer, and yes, patriot.<br/>  The book arrived yesterday evening and I stayed up through the night reading. His writing just pulled me in, managing to  make me cry (about a family tragedy), laugh aloud (about his descriptions of some earlier, childhood situations), and sit up in my chair in shock and disgust (at what he was describing).<br/>  His honesty about himself is unsparingly clear-eyed. His choice of quotations is telling. His sense of humor is refreshing. The writing is a good companion through the night. His descriptions of the current presidential situation are horrifying, but his faith in America (and American institutions) is a comfort. I’ll be sharing my copy of  “A Higher Loyalty” within my family starting this morning. We all need this book.
 I'm only partially way through "A Higher Loyalty" by James Comey, but this is the most engrossing book I've read in a long time. Not only because his career has been fascinating but also because of who he is as a person. The reader gets a close up as to how Comey thinks, feels, and why he thinks and feels as he does. I'm reading this slowly, savoring every perception he has, every criticism, every moment. It was somewhat of a surprise for me to learn, several years ago that he was a Republican, but it is no surprise that he announced today that he no longer considers himself a Republican. James Comey is a man of studied thoughts, actions, opinions. "A Higher Loyalty" should be taught in middle school, high school, college, grad school and law school. I'm of high confidence that it will be taught in some of those educational realms.
 Comey makes a compelling argument about the importance of ethical leadership and that we are in dangerous times. Comey's book isn't about the 1 or 2 lines that the media is focusing on but an honest telling of what he has experienced, what was in his head during those times. I think he felt an obligation to America to write a book and tell the truth as he sees it. I didn't see him as sanctimonious nor self-righteous. I think that's just political spin. I saw it as someone whose motives were pure regardless whether we agree or disagree with some of his actions during the 2016 elections.The book really makes you think what is important about leadership. I think having a moral leader is important. Otherwise, how do we know if he/she isn't just in it to satisfy his/her own selfish desires? Wouldn't he/she be more apt to do unscrupulous things instead of doing the right thing for our nation?<br/><br/>I highly recommend the audio-book as well. Hearing him tell his story, you can feel the pain &amp; joy and everything in between, as he goes through parts of his life.
 Mr Comey did a very good job writing this book. He is very descripitve in his explanations which is fantastic. He makes you understand completely where he is going in the memor. I throughly enjoyed reading his book , I added the narration of Mr Comey to enhance the read. I hope he plans to write more books, he is gifted at this.
 Perfect. Can’t wait to start reading
 Nice reading.
 Many of us have looked at James Comey as an honorable, just man. Those of us who campaigned for Clinton were cut to the core when he discussed her email investigation in October 2017. Clinton blames Comey for her loss, and it is true that some of her loss might be due to his actions, but after reading this book, I feel Comey did what he thought was right for the country. He had two outcomes, hide the facts or become transparent with the public. Odds were this information would be leaked, and Comey proceeded with his actions. I am confident after reading the book, he did what he thought was the right action.<br/><br/>Comey brings us from his childhood where he was a victim of a home break in that shaped his inner core, to the day he was fired from his job as Director of the FBI. His writing is first rate, he brings us into his inner thoughts throughout the book. What he was feeling and how he got to that step, a critical thinking process.  He shares his negative attributes as well as the positive. I felt like I knew the inner man after reading this book.<br/><br/>The most helpful part of the book for me was the Clinton emails, and how he came to make his decision. I am not sure I would make the same decision, but I now have a much better understanding of how he makes his decisions. To this day, he tells us he would do the same. Indeed he is an honorable man. We also go behind the workings of the FBI, when he met with Trump, and how he tried to deal with his emotions. His feelings for Trump are quite transparent, and some feel he has a score to settle. I think he allowed himself to show us what he went through, and how he coped. Can you imagine finding out you were fired by seeing the headlines on television, while at the same time delivering a message to would be FBI recruits?  For someone who likes to say “You’re fired!”, it is not done with well with this president, However, Comey has moved on, and here we are.<br/><br/>Recommended. prisrob 04-17-18
 Highly recommend. It's not as political as the MSM made it out to be. It's a great story.
 First, Jim Comey exudes integrity. It’s clear how much he’s sacrificed for the love of country. Second, Trump is unfit to be the President.
 The book is thoroughly engrossing. I learnt many things, his actions as deputy attorney general in the Bush administration, the difficult choices in 2016 Clinton investigation. Having read the book, I certainly appreciate the fact that director Comey acted honorably and professionally. I would recommend the book.
 Enjoyed the read.
 A good, if rather depressing read
 Terribly insightful.
 Enjoyed the book and insights.
 This was a great read. Mr Comey did a great job describing how the current president doesn’t think before he speaks but rarely ever if ever tells the truth. As Director James Clapper stated in his book those in power must speak truth to lies. I hope Director Comey believes that to be true in his book also. He did just that. God bless you and all those hard working government employees of the FBI and other agencies who keep us all safe at night with their dedication.
 Whatever your politics or your faith, you must read this book if you believe you have integrity, believe you are a leader, and believe you love your country. Reasonable people can agree and disagree on some things, but there can be no credible debate about Comey’s integrity, his devotion and service to country, his principled leadership model, and the importance of this exceptionally well-written book to current affairs and what will be the clarifying judgments of history on the political, faith and thought leadership of our country.
 I cried as I read this book.  I cried for his personal and professional losses.  I cried for all the agents and employees of the FBI. I cried for the attorneys of the Justice Department who struggled and still struggle to uphold the rule of law.  I cry most of all for the country that, like Comey, I deeply love and support.
 Comey is a very prolific writer and author and I enjoyed his book very much. I found an insight into the Trump administration I hadn't seen before.  I am glad I read the book and I hope to read more books by the author in the future. This book will surprise you. It's very well written. I am glad that the author wrote the book.
 Well written but nothing reveletory . Everything was already on the news
 EXCELLENT!
 Mr. Comey explains his disastrous decision to reject FBI policy but doesn’t accept that he caused great problems in doing so.
 Great Read
 The power of Historical thinkers....you &amp; I
 I a!ways felt Comey was a good guy.  During all of this there is an unmistakable sense of what Trump is really about.  Thank You Jim Comet for doing the right thing.
 I read this book several times, every single word. The book is fascinating, tear-jerker sad, funny, while rich with history and behind-the-scenes DOJ stuff. It gave me lots to think about. I believe James Comey is truthful and a man of integrity.  Mr. Comey, PLEASE keep writing and sharing the truth about the crazy time we are living in. Can your wife write a book, too? Her life sounds like it's been very interesting and fulfilling.
 Enjoyed this book very much.  Mr. Comey had a very interesting career.
