 I read three books a week.  I read for entertainment as I am too old to want to be bothered with learning something.  Just give me a good mystery or a good legal thriller and I am a happy camper.  Ordinary Grace was neither of those things.  A friend recommended it to me so out of the goodness of my heart I gave it a try.  Oh my!  I loved it!  Actually read it twice.  Most books I give a three or maybe a four star but this one gets a five!
 This might not be the most helpful review, as I really don't think I can articulate why I loved this book so much - I just did.  Maybe due to its setting in a simpler time (early 1960's), in a small town (in Minnesota) - it almost made me wistful.  While the story itself is terrific, the author did such a wonderful job telling it from a young boy's point of view, and I felt like I was right there with Frank Drum.  I just so appreciated the messages in this book as well.  I can tell you that it's been a long time since I was sad to see a book end, but that definitely happened with Ordinary Grace.<br/><br/>Again, not a super helpful review, but just wanted to put my 5 stars out there.  So very well done, Mr. Krueger.
 Ordinary Grace is a novel that tells the story of a young boy, Frank Drum, who is coming-of-age in 1961.  During the summer of '61, Frank and his younger brother, Jake, learned the hard truths about death in various forms: accidental, natural, suicide, and murder.  Frank was 13 years old during this time and the story is told from his point of view.  Yes, the book is written in first person (you all know how I feel about that) and it worked.  The way the author, William Kent Krueger, wrote the story made you feel as if you were sitting in your living room having a conversation with Frank about his summer.<br/>The author wrote with wonderful imagery throughout the novel and the reader felt as if he was right there feeling the breeze on their face or smelling the river.  The story keeps the reader engaged with Frank and Jake's antics that wound up placing them in precarious positions and involving them knee deep in the active investigations.  Frank's father, Nathan, is a preacher, and throughout the novel the reader learns about what ordinary grace is from the way he handles every situation, no matter how bad, in life to how he drew strength from his faith in God.<br/>The characters in the story are well developed and have unique personalities that are relatable.  From past loves to current loves to love lost, each person in the book handle each situation differently.  Some shut down, others got angry, and some just crumbled under the loss and fear.  From cover to cover, the reader will want to keep on this journey no matter how heart-wrenching it may be.  William Kent Krueger wrote the novel so that no one can really figure out the mystery of who-dun-it until the very end.
 I think this is the most powerful book I have ever read.  I was touched by this book.  Only out of necessity did I put it down before completion.  I normally read the one-star reviews when purchasing a book, even if the %'s are very low, someone criticized the book because "knew" how it would play out as they felt the signs were obvious.  I did not.  Good for them, they're a genius.  I think they missed the whole point.  This book is to be read and enjoyed for the pain, values, and message that is spoken/unspoken in several difficult situations.  Some of the most eloquent ideas about friendship, bullying, love, etc.  I know not everyone has the same taste in literature, but I don't think you will be disappointed.
 I started listening to this book on the way home from a long trip.  The length of the book was right  at 11 hours, which was about the amount of time it would take me to get home.  However, about half way through there was a technical issue and no matter what I did I couldn't get it to work.  And, to make it even worse, it stopped at a cliff hanger point, and I worried about it all the way home.  When I got home I found that it was available through Kindle Unlimited ( my preferred method is to read a story), so I couldn't wait to find out what happened.<br/><br/>I would say that at least the first third of the book is dedicated to character development, so when the action started happening, it was wonderful.  However, the long time spent on character development paid off, because I truly felt like I knew and understood the characters very well.  When the story picks up steam, it will keep you glued to it until the end.  The story is centered around the Drum family who lives in New Bremen, Minnesota.  The family consists of a Dad who is a pastor and a Mom that feels she has wasted away in a small town.  The children include, 16 year old  Ariel, (the apple of Mom's eye) who is getting ready to begin school at Julliard, 13 year old Frank ( the story teller), and Jake, the youngest child.  It starts with the death of one of Frank's schoolmates, Bobby.  Bobby was ran over by a train and his death is suspicious, because it appears that he just sat there and waited for the train to run him over.  Shortly after Bobby's death, Frank and Jake find another dead man not far from where Bobby was killed. As if this wasn't enough tragedy in this small town, there is eventually another death that devastates the Drum family personally.  It is not known whether or not the deaths are connected  and approximately the second half of the story is dedicated to solving this mystery.<br/><br/>I loved the audio part of the book and feel the narrator did a great job reading it.  However, the Kindle Unlimited book was full of grammatical errors, which made it  a little frustrating to read.  Perhaps these errors occurred during the transference from written to digital.  These errors were definitely not in the audio version.
 A born and raised Midwesterner, I am drawn to novels set in my part of the world. Ohio. Michigan. Wisconsin. Minnesota. There is something magical about stepping into a world you know, of finding a story that captures the ethos of a place you love. When I turned to the blurb on William Kent Krueger's novel Ordinary Grace, and read "Minnesota" and "1961" I knew it was a must-read.<br/><br/>The narrator of the story is thirteen-year-old Frank Drum, a pretty typical "PK" as we used to call them. Preacher's Kid. He balked at authority, pushed limits, and tried to circumvent just about any punishment his parents meted out. His father, Pastor Nathan Drum, is a WWII vet who traded studying law for the ministry when he returned to the States. Frank's mother Ruth was less than thrilled with the prospect of being a pastor's wife and she shares Frank's rebellious spirit. She smokes ... on the porch, in clear view of everyone. She drinks martinis. And she's not so sure about this God-thing her husband is all about. Ariel, Frank's older sister, is an accomplished pianist and composer with great promise who is about to set off to Julliard.  Frank's nine-year-old brother Jake is a quiet boy, in part because he lives with a stutter that makes speaking difficult.<br/><br/>The story begins with the death of one of Frank's classmates, Bobby Cole. Daydreaming as he sat on the trestle over the Minnesota river, he was killed when he didn't hear an oncoming train. Police officer Doyle suspects his death was not an accident--that maybe one of the homeless who lived by the river had something to do with Bobby's death. Or maybe it was the Indian Warren Redstone, a Native man with a rap sheet. (His charge? Protesting for Indian rights.) His recent reappearance in town (by Doyle's account anyways) could only mean trouble.<br/><br/>But Bobby's death was just the beginning of an awful summer of loss. One that would both pull Frank away from his father's faith and pull him closer. After Bobby's death, the brothers discover one of those homeless men, dead by the river; Ariel's mentor and close family friend Emil Brandt tries to commit suicide. And then comes the death that nearly destroys the Drum family.<br/><br/>Although I think it's evident that Krueger loves us Midwesterners, he doesn't shy away from uncovering our ugliness. Racial prejudice. Gender stereotypes. Abuse. Alcoholism. But he does so tenderly and without condemnation.<br/><br/>Krueger is able to do this, I think, with the cooperation of  Nathan Drum. We are privy to a couple of Nathan's sermons in Ordinary Grace and we learn that his God is a God of love. A God who promises light over darkness, who gives us humans the grace to "endure our own dark night and rise to the dawning of a new day and rejoice."  When Nathan learns that a young person in his life is gay, he reassures the young man he is a child of God--loved, not sick; made in God's image, not a freak. It's not what you'd expect of a rural pastor in Minnesota at the beginning of the sixties. But sometimes those of us in the Midwest even stereotype ourselves, and I'd venture a guess that Nathan's view of the world was more common than we assume.<br/><br/>That's what I love about reading novels written by authors in the Midwest. Our faith, our optimism, our love of family--and hot dish casseroles!--is not mocked or derided. Instead, our spirit is celebrated.
 First of all, I loved how this story was told from the perspective of Frank, a 13-year-old boy. This gave a unique life to the story of the loss and suspense in New Bremen in the summer of 1961, as well as gave the reader a true picture of the freedom of childhood in small-town America during an era much unlike today. Young Frank was a bit of a "go getter;" rules meant little to him and all that eavesdropping he did gave us much greater insight into this events of a ill-fated summer. Underneath the tragic losses in this community is the ever-present essence of relationships, prejudice, God and family. Frank's father is a pastor, and the struggle of faith runs clearly through this story where grief changes everyone. And, ultimately, a child shall lead the way. Because of this novel, I will likely delve into some of Mr. Krueger's Cork O'Connor series ... but I do look forward to his writing another stand-alone novel with the depth of this one.
 For me - this is a perfect book.  The setting and characters are so richly drawn that you will escape.  There is enough plot to keep things moving but I didn't even need much plot here.  It was beautifully written with complex characters - wonderful themes about religion, honesty, hypocrisy and love. I adored the main character (little boy) - he is so vividly drawn I remember him as if he were a real person.  A lovely book and have bought copies as gifts for friends.
 All around good book, easy read and a good coming of age story, kept me wondering in a couple spots and thinking about it later, which is a mark of a good book.....something to talk about with others for sure..some tidbits left me asking ..."so what happened  with this, that situation" and "Why was that stated and not developed more in the story" but those are discussions you can have with other readers as to what a certain sentence was eluded to in a book.....keeps you talking about it, whether than putting it down and forgetting about it.
 A boy's 1960s coming of age story complete with the bad kid driving a car with flames, a railroad track, and a dead body. I believe Stephen King did it better. BUT, as a pastor, I thought the sermon delivered by the narrator's father in light of a death was very good.
 This is no ordinary mystery novel. The prologue opens with, “All the dying that summer began with the death of a child…” followed in the next paragraph by a quote from Aeschylus, “He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain, which cannot forget, falls drop by drop upon the heart, until, in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace of God.” With that opening alone, Kruger had my full attention.<br/><br/>Our story is told through the perspective of thirteen year old Frank Drum during that fateful 1961 summer, and also from the viewpoint of adult Frank forty years later. He is the son of wise and patient Nathan Drum, lawyer turned Methodist minister in small town New Breman, Minnesota, who came home from the war with his own demons, an ex-captain who shuts himself in his office, cranking up a symphony to avoid the booms of Independence Day firecrackers, and Ruth, a woman who expected to be the wife of a lawyer but who instead finds herself in a very different life. Frank’s mother conducts the choir at her husband’s services, delivers hymns in her ethereal soprano voice, cares for women in the congregation, but she also drinks, smokes, is a barely passable housekeeper, and can shoot well aimed barbs when irked. Frank’s siblings are his stuttering, but intensely observant , younger brother Jake, a boy with a stronger moral axis than Frank, and his older sister, Ariel, a gifted composer, pianist and scholarship holding future student to Julliard, but who also sneaks out in the dead of night.<br/><br/>Kruger warns us from the outset that the summer will see further deaths, in the forms of “Accident. Nature, Suicide. Murder.” The family is strained by all of this and how these stresses plays out for each of the characters determines just how the awful grace of God moves through their lives and others in New Breman.<br/><br/>But what truly elevates this novel is the writing of Kruger, as when the Drum brothers are out at night, he writes, “As we walked to the garage our shadows glided before us, black boats on a silver sea of moonlight.” Or, as the adult Frank reminisces about his sister’s music he says, “To this day there are pieces I cannot hear without imagining my sister’s fingers shaping the music every bit as magnificently as God shaped the wings of butterflies.” How often do you not only want to read a mystery, but savor it along the way, sighing over sentences? This is so much more.
 I just finished reading Ordinary Grace. William Kent Krueger's book relating the story of 13 year old Frank Drum's passage from child to young adult.  That in itself is one of God's grace to mankind.<br/>The book deserves accolades for its message regarding the ultimate gift of God.<br/>I'm not sure that the mystery deserves the same accolades.  The back ground is there, the clues are there, but it doesn't seem like the killer is a mystery.  I had it pegged about half way through the book.<br/>Whether you are a church going Christian, or just a believer, you'll find that the doubts in the mind of a 13 year old are real.  Frank Drum loses a good friend to a senseless accident, but there are some who think it was more than an accident.  When he loses his sister to a cold blooded killer, he also loses his faith in the God that his father, Nathan Drum, preaches about three times every Sunday.<br/>The story is well written and crawls through the minds of two brothers, revealing their innermost secrets and beliefs.  What it doesn't reveal is who killed Nathan Drum's only daughter.  The clues seem to arrive by airmail.  Several different times the two brothers either inadvertently or purposefully are privy to conversations that young boys would not ordinarily be privy to, thus they are not fully believable.  As the late Richard S. Prather told me, if it isn't believable, it didn't happen.<br/>I figured it out. Can you?
 I first read the author's crime novel series book one (forgot the name - Cork?) and I wasn't a fan but had already purchased this. What a difference!  Like it's name, a graceful novel, interesting characters and growth over a difficult summer. And there is murder and sleuthing for fans of that. I hope I can find another the author has written like this one.
 I know I'm spitting in the wind with a "mere" three-star review, but I kept waiting for this book to ignite, and it just never did.  I'll also acknowledge that I have wavered between three and four stars; I ultimately opted for three because of all the rave reviews it's gotten -- undeservedly in my view -- and my wish to balance things out.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace is not a bad book, but it couldn't make up its mind whether it was a mystery or a rite-of-passage book.  As a result, it ended up being neither.  There wasn't any real suspense, and the book reminded me of nothing so much as an extended episode of Lassie -- OK, there was no dog, but the hero (Frank, not Jimmy) learns 1.7 life lessons per 20 pages.  And everyone, even the villains, are so good or otherwise not responsible for their evil deeds, so we end up feeling sorry for them instead of focusing on their bad acts.<br/><br/>I need to eat a pickle or some wasabi to get all that cloying, pastoral sweetness out of my head.
 The summer of 1961 in Minnesota would change the life of Frank Drum, the 13 year-old boy and son of  a methodist minister. Forty years later, Frank tells his story, which has haunted him every day of his life. In a typical American peaceful town, a little boy was found dead in the rail tracks. Nobody knows what happened to him, but some other tragic deaths will continue, one very close to Frank. Frank and his younger but very wise brother Jake, a stutterer, are always together. Before this summer, Frank was a restless naive boy, but everything life thrust on him forced him to mature and question so many things he had always taken for granted. The author skillfully portrays what American life was like in to 60's, so very different from our current life. Children roamed the streets on their own, went swimming, climbed trees, while the father worked and the mother stayed at home. Nobody imagined they could be in danger. Besides, the entire village took care of all their children. He learnt that life is not as transparent as he thought, everybody has his own secret and dark side. The characters are so well-defined and so true to themselves!!
 It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. I bought this book because of the reviews. I don't see how this book got so many 5-stars. This book didn't start to interest me very much until about page 160. Even then, it was just okay. This author's lack of commas is frustrating and makes for a weird read. Overall, I'd pass if I were you.
 This book is part mystery and part story of a family and town. It takes place in the summer of 1961 in rural Minnesota and is about the family of the local Methodist minister, as well as members of the town as seen through the eyes of one of the family sons. The plot centers around a series of deaths that take place over the summer, all tragic, and one a mystery.<br/><br/>About two-thirds of the way through the book, I figured out what happened in the case of the mysterious death (can't say more without spoiling the story), but I felt the focus of the book was more on the characters than the whodunnit aspect, and in this Krueger succeeded. The writing was beautiful and deep. I confess to being a sucker for books set in the rural Midwest, especially before farming became a corporate endeavor and Walmarts dotted the landscape.<br/><br/>Five stars for the writing and three stars for the plot. An enjoyable book and highly recommended.
 A few too many deaths.  Also, some implausible scenarios.  Ordinarily those two deficits would cause me to stop reading, or greatly reduce my interest in a particular book.  But that didn't happen with "Ordinary Grace."<br/><br/>The story is gripping.  That's not to say the plot rockets from one stunning crescendo to another, but instead it routinely keeps the reader on edge, wondering how the characters will respond to the latest development.  I know I'm in the hands of a competent author when I can hardly wait for the next opportunity to read, and that definitely happened with this book.<br/><br/>Character development is superb.  And so many characters, at different stages of life and with different backgrounds, evolve over the course of the book.  They seem real, and what they go through seems plausible, if not always what one would expect.<br/><br/>Moral dilemmas are rife and are not handled in a preachy way.  In fact, some aren't handled at all, or are left hanging.<br/><br/>All in all, a thoroughly enjoyable and thought-provoking book.
 William Kent Kruger, an exceptional storyteller, evokes the lives of a preacher’s family and diverse townspeople in the small town of New Bremen, Minnesota in 1961. His descriptions strike the right notes: “The crickets and the tree frogs had started to clip at the silence that came with the evening and above us through the breaks in the canopy of leaves the sky had begun to salt with stars.”<br/><br/>This is a compelling tale of misunderstanding, resentment, death, and loss. An underlying theme is the shortcoming of Christianity to adequately explain the meanings of life and death.<br/><br/>From the point of view of the preacher’s son, Frank Drum, recalling the events of the summer of 1961, when 13 years old, the reader is drawn into his memories of men gossiping at the barbershop, young boys roaming the countryside day and night and reading “Green Lantern” comics, women preparing casseroles and Jell-O salads for needy families, frosted mugs of root beer at the drugstore.<br/><br/>Kruger includes mystery, starting with the unexplained deaths of a local boy and an itinerant. However, there are no serious investigations and they seem added only to cast suspicion on a Sioux Indian and to introduce the enigma of death to Frank and his younger brother, Jake. Much later, after unfolding dramas in the Drum family and the Brandt family, the wealthy owners of the local brewery, an unsolved murder and a suicide shatter lives, splintering relationships. Frank and Jake, the sons of a Methodist minister, question laws when weighing forgiveness versus punishment for committed crimes.<br/><br/>Following a funeral, Frank’s melancholy father preaches to a bewildered congregation the next Sunday. “In your dark night, I urge you to hold to your faith, to embrace hope, and to bear your love before you like a burning candle, for I promise that it will light your way.”<br/><br/>I found the editors held commas to a bare minimum which sometimes caused me to reread a sentence several times to make sense of it. Such as the last sentence of the previous paragraph which reads ". . . bear your love before you like a burning candle ..." It reads that you like the burning candle before you, which makes no sense. Obviously, there should be a comma between "you" and "like."
 I’m sure we have all read books that touch our hearts and minds in a substantive way. I like to be surprised by books; I never get over the feeling of savoring an extraordinary book. “Ordinary Grace” by William Kent Krueger has been a serendipitous read. Frank Drum is 13 in 1961 and lives in a small town, New Bremen, Minnesota. His father is a gifted Methodist minister, a man given to quietly helping the communities he served and preaching without bombast. His wife is not a stereotypical pastor’s wife. She is a gifted musician who leads the music at one of her husband’s churches and she is moody and unpredictable. Frank has an older sister, also a gifted musician, and a younger brother who evinces unexpected nuggets of insight and struggles with stuttering. Frank himself is not terribly interested in religion and he tells the story of what happens to his community when a young teen is killed on the railroad tracks. This event is followed by other shattering losses. “Ordinary Grace” is a quiet book that captured me from the start. I knew Frank.  In some ways I resembled him spiritually. The writing takes you inside its character’s lives. It’s an extraordinary book.
 This is one of the best book I have read in a long time. Frank, a boy on the edge of manhood,lives through a summer of death in its many forms. He and his shy brother struggle to come to terms with all the continued confusion and uproar with the help of family and friends, but most of all with each other. Wisdom comes unexpectedly from Jake, Frank's younger brother. Jake is wise beyond his years and helps bring peace amidst the fear and distrust in the community. While the deaths are tragic and sometimes dark and fingers point wrongly at suspects, overall this is a book of hope and love.
 Really loved this book.  It moves a little slowly in the beginning, and is narrated by a teen, so was not totally intrigued with point of view. But slowly  who he is, and how he articulates his thoughts just bring you round, and you feel as if you are right in his life, almost a third wheel. The slowly developed mystery, the characters that are a part of this story and the topics, or issues nuanced by the dialouge are sweet, sad, and real. By the end of this book I could not set it down, not because of the "mystery" but because I cared so much about the outcome of the characters, and the Drum family. There are so many thoughts to digest that I know I will be re-reading this book. Frankly it will be interesting to read something else by this author.
 This was really good, and beautifully written. I loved how the narrative was advanced by ease-dropping and other indirect methods -- but believable. Oddly I just also read Louise Erdrich's Round House and that was astonishing and wonderful as well -- another boy-growing-up type story but a boy that takes more direct action. And then by pure chance I read Jodi Picoult's leaving time, which has a girl narrator. Grief, loss, growing up, ordinary grace and love indeed. I'm not sure that Krueger's notion of "ordinary grace" matches up with my Christian-informed view of "ordinary grace", I would have to think quite hard about that. I don't think that human kindnesses are necessarily "grace". But I do agree that often what saves us is the kindnesses of daily and ordinary life so often taken for granted; that God is everywhere if we only see. The ending was somewhat underwhelming for me, but endings are hard, very hard.
 I recently finished All the Light We Cannot See, and I thought it might be a while before I read another book I enjoyed that much. Not so. Ordinary Grace is the best kind of novel, one with fascinating characters and a plot that moves smoothly forward with suspense and gathering momentum. I'm not religious, so I was skeptical on learning that the father in the story was a minister, but Nathan Drum was also a World War II veteran, and it turned out that he was a strong, intelligent, compassionate man greatly respected in his community. The thirteen year old narrator, Frank Drum, looks back on the summer of 1961--the summer when he was changed forever by three strange deaths--and recognizes in hindsight his strengths and weaknesses. One of his weaknesses involves his treatment of his younger brother Jake who is afflicted with a bad stutter, and over time it's good to see that Frank does a little better as an older brother. With small but revealing details, Krueger sketches portraits of the boys' beautiful, talented, but iron-fisted mother, Julia Drum, their equally beautiful and kind sister Ariel, their Dad's closest friend and fellow veteran, Gus, and a long list of other wonderful characters. Part of the reason the plot moves smoothly forward is because author William Krueger knows his craft. His style is clean and never distracting, but still rich with imagery and authentic dialogue. He uses metaphors sparingly, but when he does, they are effective as in this description of Ariel's musical ability: "To this day there are pieces I cannot hear without imagining my sister's fingers shaping the music every bit as magnificently as God shaped the wings of butterflies." This book definitely goes on my list of "good reads." No--actually it goes on my list of great reads!
 Frank was certain he knew what happened and who was responsible until he found out he was wrong... more than once. Don't we all do that sometimes? The people in this story see the events from different points of view. And many assume a possible truth is an absolute. The behaviors of the various individuals are not unusual; we can observe them around us if we pay attention. As I read this book, I recognized how easily we too often can make decisions and act with incomplete and possibly inaccurate information. Hopefully, I will learn to be more careful in my decisions and actions after recognizing what happened to these individuals. Learning through observations can be less stressful than learning through experience. I recommend this story to gain that wisdom.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It's sort of an amalgam of Stand By Me and To Kill A Mockingbird.  The writing is very good but at times, the story lacks believeability.  The two main characters, 13 year old Frank Drum and his younger brother Jake, are given way more wisdom than their ages would warrant.  However, if you look past that and immerse yourself in the story, it's a fine read.  They are part of a Methodist minister's family in a small Minnesota town which is suddenly experiencing various forms of death.  How the family and other characters deal with these situations is the heart of the book.  There's sort of a mystery element to it but it's pretty easy to figure out; but, that's not the essence of this novel.  The author is exceptionally skilled in the use of language and imagery.  I highly recommend this one.
 When I see other reviewers using the phrase "gripping" I have to wonder if we read the same book. The author rolled out a tender coming of age story tinged with the edge of a murder. It wasn't edge of seat or gripping by any means. It moved very slowly and I found it lagging. I especially liked the genuine caring Frank had for Jake and it was beautifully drawn. However, after reading The Great Believers and A Gentleman In Moscow, personally I don't think Ordinary Grace compares. I guess it just wasn't my cup of tea but appreciate that others really enjoyed it.
 I've read several books by this author, but I think this by far my favorite.  It is a stand alone, while many of his other books are part of a series.  The story is told in the first person by the oldest son of a small town preacher.  There are several deaths in town over a short period of time.  Some hit at the heart of the family, while others seem unrelated.  The story follows the family as they search for the ordinary grace to see them through.  It is one of the most touching books I've read in a long time.
 Page turning and exhilarating, Krueger takes the reader through the stages of one of life's journeys -death. We cannot run away or hide. However, this book gives us a glimpse of how families cope while entertaining us with a great story line.
 It was one of the best books I have ever read.  I recommend it to everyone no matter what kind of books you usually like.  The story is uplifting and positive at the same time as it shows the hard knocks of life and how we cope as individuals and families.  It was nice to have God as one of the major characters at least in influence and hope.  The young story teller is a young man that I would have liked to know then and would like to know know.  Every character was different and the author covered all types of people, their problems and their goodness.  I can't say enough except read this book.
 Well-written: keeps to the voice of a thirteen-year-old, but not formulaic or trite.<br/>Coming-of-age: the narrator and his younger brother arrive at conclusions about life in different ways, although they usually walk the same path.<br/>Character development:  Complex characters; some of them we never do learn all of why they act the way they do.  This might frustrate some readers, but it is within keeping to the first person narrator.  Life doesn't always give us all the answers we want about people.<br/>Whodunit:  I figured this out about halfway through the book, but I still enjoyed reading the process of how Frank figured it out.<br/>I was a little put off at how many people were dead by the end; did the author think he was Shakespeare and had to kill off everyone who had been a problem in the book?
 I have read so many books and novels and I can count on one hand how many times that I couldn’t put the book down.  This novel is one I couldn’t put down.  The stories told and the strength of the characters came alive for me.  In today’s time it is rare to read about the spiritual side of life.  Though the father of three was a pastor, the book is about his youngest sons and their coming of age in the sixties.  It was a time of awakening and the two boys struggle with anger and unbelief when their sister is killed.  As I read, I thought that the author really knew a lot about the times and the struggles faced by this family as well as many families.  The author is a seasoned writer.  He wrote “The dead are all around us...all that separates us is a......a single puff of air.”
 Ordinary Grace is anything but ordinary and way beyond extraordinary!<br/><br/>Brothers Frank and Jack Drum were ready for a quiet summer in their rural Minnesota town....a sleepy little hamlet on the banks of the lazy Minnesota river.  But the summer was far from quiet and it was not one that was soon forgotten by all who lived there.  Tragedy and grace are often separated by a breath....Frank and Jack find themselves in the middle learn what ordinary grace and tragedy are truly about.<br/><br/>The summer of 1961 brings with it hope of a good year.  Folks in the sleepy little town of New Bremen MN were expecting nothing but good things with a new president, a new baseball team, the Twins coming to the state, crops in good shape, a grand Fourth of July celebration planned, summer baseball for the kids and nice evenings on their porches enjoying lemonade and visiting with the neighbors and planning the Sunday socials.  Life was good!<br/><br/>That piece of heaven was shattered with the the horrible death of a young boy  on the railroad tracks at the trestle where it crossed the river not far from Frank and Jack's house....a place that was off limits to most of the kids in town and that included Frank and Jack.  For good reason as Frank and Jack will soon find out!<br/><br/>This story is so easy to identify with and especially so if you are from a small town....by small I mean the kind of small that only has one or two traffic lights, the mayor is pretty much elected for life, your weekly newspapers biggest story is the weeks news of who visiting who and everyone, everyone knows everyone and your business...usually before you know it.  Not to say that if you are from a big metro area that you can't dig in and totally get engrossed either because you can.  Its hard not to.  The story is built around the human experience with characters that you are sure to know, I mean you know them from you child hood, everyone knows them and you find yourself putting those names to the characters with ease and thus living this story with more ease than most story's.  I find this a welcome relief, for when it is so easy to live within the story, I draw more from the story and carry with me a part of the author and his/her soul that went into the story.<br/>Emotion is easily stirred while your mind takes in the wonderfully laid out words that I find seem to come from within my head, from my own memories rather than from the authors mind but maybe that is only for me and not for others.....but I dare you to try this read and not find yourself unable to turn you mind off, to shut down the story when you close the book, shut down that Iphone, Kindle or other device any more than you can shut down your own child hood memories.  I could not do it myself!<br/><br/>This is the longest review I have ever written and I could easily write more but I am useless at writing anything...much less book reviews but I just love this story and it just came out like a politician denying his/her involvement in the criminal activity...just forgive me and read this moving story!
 I don't read much fiction, but I could not put this down. Mr. Krueger does an excellent job developing the characters, and knows just how to set hooks to which he later returns. I was able to relate as I grew up in a town probably about that size in the early 1960's. The geographic descriptions were thorough and relatable. But most important, there yields a story of tragedy, faith and love deep and profound.
 A well told story ,mainly about life, death ,and how one is able to come to terms with grief and deal with it .<br/>The story takes place in a small Minnesota town in the early '60's . The main character would be Frank, the oldest boy in a minister's family . His mother isn't quite as thrilled about being a minister's wife. She smokes and drinks on occasion, and her faith isn't as strong as her husband's .<br/>This book takes place over the span of one horrible summer when a series of events fall like Dominos, each one a little worse than the last.<br/>It tells how a family tries to hold itself together during difficult times, how they sometimes fall apart ,and how each of them come to terms in the end with what has happened .<br/>A very good book that is heartbreaking ,but yet ,uplifting in the end. To realize  person can get through anything with "ordinary grace".
 OK, I'm a sucker for young lads "coming of age in small towns" type of books since I enjoyed the same experience and can easily identify with the characters and situations if done well. And, after a Goodreads friend gave this a great review (seriously, like "To Kill A Mockingbird"! Be still my heart!) I decided to read it. She was not far off.<br/><br/>Interesting plot and characters, great setting and interesting twists. Lyrical writing - "To this day there are pieces I cannot hear without imagining my sister's fingers shaping the music every bit as magnificently as God shaped the wings of butterflies." or "When my mother sang, I almost believed in heaven. It wasn't just that she had a beautiful voice but also she had a way of delivering a piece that pierced your heart. Oh when she sang she could make a fence post cry. When she sang she could make people laugh or dance or fall in love or go to war."<br/><br/>Book is a bit of an emotional roller-coaster but a great experience.
 Oh- I loved everything about this book!  There was so much in it that kept me hooked that I stayed up until four in the morning reading it.  It was savvy, suspenseful and sweet, and thoughtful and the author had a accurate handle on what it is like for families after they suffer a heavy loss.  I felt as if I were reading my family's story after my brother died in Vietnam when I was 13.  Totally different circumstances, but the grief of the parents as depicted in this book was, for me, like going back in time.  I have read numerous books lately and I have to put this one on top. Very nicely done indeed!
 This is a wonderful story.  I enjoyed it so much that I hated for it to end.  I liked all the characters and I felt like I was unwillingly separated from 'old friends'.  The story is an excellent one and kept me waiting for moments each day when I could go read it.  I recommend it highly and think most will really enjoy the book.  It's already become one of my favorites!!
 You'll love this book.....this family .....and most of their friends. You'll wish you'd lived among them in Minnesota back in the summer of 1961 just so you could've helped them through it. But, like me, I think THEY'D have helped YOU. Helped you learn important life lessons.<br/>I hated flipping that last page because it signaled the end of my time with these folks. But it'll be a long time before I forget them.<br/>This is the first book I've read by William Kent Krueger.<br/>It was reminiscent of PEACE LIKE A RIVER, if you're familiar with that book.<br/>Thoroughly engaging. Meaningful. I highly recommend you spend some time this summer reading about Ordinary Grace in the summer of '61.
 I always read the negative reviews first. They will show you what's really wrong with a book you like. I was surprised to read how boring, dull, and featureless some readers found this book and its characters. The 'mystery' was a little threadbare according to the two-star blurbs. But let me ask those readers: which would you read first? A mystery by a thoughtful religious writer or a thoughtful disquisition on religion by a good mystery writer. I believe most of us would choose the latter.<br/><br/>Actually, this book takes up some of the themes WKK addressed in Blood Moon and gave them a great deal of contour.  This latest book stands a particular paradigm on its head. I am often reminded that 'religious' stories are like that statue of St. George with his spear in the dragon on the façade at Marienplatz in Munich. The saints' faces are as interesting as bumps on a dinner plate and the dragons are fearsome coils of sinew and malevolent strength. In this book, the saints are pitiably tangled souls and the dragons are all of similar ordinariness. Banally so.<br/><br/>This book knocked me out. There is no cheap grace here and the ordinary grace of the title is remarkably bestowed on an unexpected recipient. It took me two days to read it, not all the way through at one sitting. I had to wait for a bit of solitude each time I picked it up again to let the ideas expand in a more meditative way. Moreover, as far as I was concerned, the real ending to the story came about 30 pages before the end of the book. That last was just the author working out the remainders of the mystery equation.<br/><br/>The take home point here, as WKK shows us, is that religious people don't have everything seamlessly worked out and that seemingly non-religious people are just as likely to offer and receive grace when their lives need it. The relentlessly faithful have many challenges. Certainly their biggest challenge is with themselves. Just like everyone else.<br/><br/>Well done and thank you , WKK.
 I loved this novel so much I have recommended it to others.  The characters are well developed and the writing is superb.  It is written in the first person about events he experienced in 1961.  In the Epilogue Mr. Krueger tells what happened to the people in the novel since the events of 1961.  I haven't read any of Krueger's books but if they are as well written as this one, I will certainly give them a try.
 I loved that the story was written from the point of view of Frank, the young boy.<br/>It reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbird. The book/story set in a small town setting has prejudice, murder, love, dysfunctional relationships, brotherly love, suicide..It just has it ALL giving the reader a lot to think about. The characters are well developed and represent every type of person and personality found in Any Town, USA.The ending is not obvious and it has a lot of twists and turns which keeps the reader turning the page! It would make a great read for a book club as there is just so much to discuss! The author provided an epoch letting the reader know what happened t the characters after the story ended much like credits running after a true story movie, though, this is clearly a tale of fiction.
 Being a Christian I was worried this would have a twisted or negative view of church, religion, and God...in the end it was just ordinary Grace.  A wonderful book about growing up, the men that served in WW II and how it affected them, and how death affects everyone included a Pastor's family.  Having grown up in the midwest I loved the many sayings about time, weather, etc but especially loved how this tale weaved through tragedy with innocence and with many twists (the end I did not see coming) and turns.
 A beautifully written story about a young teen experiencing tragedy and becoming a man. Frank is a 13 year old boy in 1961. What he witnesses that year will test him as never before and will shape his life and those around him. Frank's relationship with his brother is endearing and so real. William Kent Kreuger does a wonderful job of character development. I got the sense that I was one of the towns people as I could picture the people and the area so vividly from the author's writing. Ordinary Grace is anything but ordinary. Wonderful book.
 I enjoyed this book more than most I've read. The author is adroit at writing in first person, able to give the reader the view of a young man, and yet a glimpse into the unfolding intrigue and the personalities the characters around him. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to lose themselves in a great story with a taste of sixties' history.
 It just feels so forced… Are you coming up with ideas for every kind of death you can imagine under very different circumstances and how a boy and his family dealt with it. Felt like someone's trying to teach me a lesson instead of letting them figure it out on my own.
 I did not know the author or the book - both chosen by a member of my book club - and so I had no expectations when I began to read. However, I was quickly captivated by the narrator and his loving recollections of one tumultuous year in his boyhood growing up in small town "middle America." While there is an element of mystery that serves as a thread throughout the novel, and while I was sure I had solved it long before I got to the end, it was the wonderfully detailed portrait of the town, it's inhabitants, their interactions with one another, and it's long-ago simpler, albeit everyone-in-everyone-else's life that kept me engrossed. A couple of characters may have been predictable, but their stereotypical attitudes and behaviors barely interfere with desire to follow the events to a satisfying ending.  Anyone who has felt nostalgic about their own childhood will not be disappointed. Definitely worth reading!
 Just how much tragedy can a family survive? What happens to the people we read about in the news who have lost so much. I don't want to give away the plot or spoil this for anyone but this book cuts deep into the very heart of our connections with family and community. It gives us a chance to look at our assumptions about what we think is true and gives us examples of how our intuition is important, how that little voice that says, "something is wrong with this picture", should not be ignored.<br/>Mr. Krueger, you are a poet. Your words flow and took me to a realm outside being a person reading a book and into the lives of these people, all of whom you treated with such dignity even those who were suspect, perhaps mostly those who were suspect. It became clear that even those we did not like had their pain. Keep writing, you do it so well.
 This is a well written story in the vein of the book "Stand by Me". Boys growing up, and trying to figure out the adults, and more aware of what's going on than they are given credit for knowing. I grew up in a small southern town in the 60's dominated by one large employer.  My house was about half a mile from the Smith river and not far from the railroad trestle. There was a big mansion on the river bluff where something mysterious had happened.  Maybe it was a murder.  As a 12 year old I was determined to find out.  I can say with conviction William Kent Krueger got the feeling and emotions of the town and it's characters just right.  Was the first death a tragedy or a murder?  Can one truly believe in God when something senseless happens to a family member?  Are the police interested in solving a crime or just putting it to bed?  Every chapter is a new revelation and a curve in the road that you just can't quite see around.  Lots of readers will enjoy this book, but if you grew up in a small town in the 60's you will especially find this story appealing.
 I haven't read a book this good in years. It is a story that leaves you wondering what's next. A boy growing up in Minnesota faces a summer he will never forget. The scenes are vivid. The characters are memorable. The author catches the nuances of a small town and the deaths that change everyone's lives. The emotional upheaval and events keep you turning the pages. There is mystery and a quiet grandeur in this book. Lessons are learned by the young boy and also by the reader.
 I just finished this wonderful book and it reminded me that there are amazingly talented author's who can touch your heart, your mind and your soul all at once. This story was a coming of age novel set in 1961 from the perspective of a young boy. I felt like I could see what he was seeing and experiencing due to the skill of Mr. Krueger. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys stepping into a book to walk the streets of a small town and get to know all the people who live there, some you will love and others not, but in the end you feel like you was really there and a part of it all. Will read more by this author.
 If you  can only read one book for the rest of the year, this is the one to read.  Wonderful mystery and a coming of age book that will warm your heart.  Frank, his brother Jake and his family will make you love them and care and open your heart to others who are not like you but wonderful all the same.  Give it a try.  You will be glad you did.
 Although the book is about murder and death it is still a light hearted read. Set in rural Minnesota, the novel follows the protagonist as he grows up due to several deaths that occur in his small home town. The son of a man of God  matures as he experiences a series of deaths in a small time frame. Despite the sadness the author paints a vivid picture of small town America. From root beer at the drugstore counter to swimming in the local river, this books covers an innocent time in history, that was changed by tragedy.
 This book wasn’t what I expected, which is why I gave it three stars. I expected something a little more cheerful than the story delivered. However, it was a good book and I especially enjoyed Nathan, one of the main characters in the book. There were some thought-provoking moments as well, which I am going to enjoy ruminating over some of them over the coming weeks.
 I choose a 5 rating because it is very simply written &amp; easy to read.  I've enjoyed all the different people he has mentioned in this book.  We have meet some of these people in our own lives which make u do your own reflection of your past.  Loved this book.
 Usually, I do not read fiction. Non-fiction is my thing. But there are times when friends and family recommend writers, and I must say I’ve never been disappointed. It’s how I got to know and appreciate John Grisham and Maeve Binchy. My wife Catherine and my good friend Renee recommended a book by this writer whom they or I never heard of by the name of William Kent Krueger. It turns out that Mr. Krueger has won numerous literary awards for his work, most notably the 2014 Edgar Award for Best Novel for the book that I’m recommending called Ordinary Grace.<br/><br/>The novel is an evocative rendering of a certain time and place narrated by an adult looking back 40 years to when he was a 13 year old trying to come to grips with deadly (literally) events involving his family and community and his place in the world and his relationship with God. And, yes, it is about God’s grace amidst all of the anguish and suffering and about the price of wisdom.<br/><br/>Krueger’s style is mesmerizing, at times poetic. His ability to paint, in a cinematic way, the era, the locale, the people, and their ways of living and dreaming is enticing. The characters were genuine and made fascinating by Krueger’s imagination and excellent writing talent.<br/><br/>For me, the solving of the mystery itself was not one of those “Wow, I didn’t expect that” moments. But it could be for you. It was the journey to the denouement that was worth it. This book is highly recommended.
 This story takes place mainly in the summer of 1961 in New Bremen, Minnesota. The narrator is a 13-year-old boy Frank Drum.  His father Nathan is a minister who had just finished law school when he married and enlisted in the war in 1942.  He did not become a minister until her returned from the war, a choice that made his wife unhappy.  Frankie has a younger brother Jake who stutters and an older sister Ariel who had a "cleft lip" that was surgically repaired.  A young man named Gus who served with Nathan in the war also lived with the family in the church basement.<br/><br/>Although the book focuses on several deaths in the summer of 1961, I did not view it as a true murder mystery.  It deals more with family relationships and the relationships that Frankie and the other Drums have with others.  It also deals with prejudices against people who are different physically and/or racially.  Religious beliefs and doubts play a big role too.<br/><br/>The character development is excellent.  I feel as if I really know each of the Drums and several other characters.  However, the story is not really one that grabs my interest. Perhaps that is because I'm many decades past my teen years.  I think it would be more appealing to teens and young adults.<br/><br/>I would have given it 3.5 stars if that had been an option.
 If you're someone born in the 50's or 60's you might relate to much of the signs of the times in the book. And if not, you will picture these days gone by through the authors marvelous choices of word and script. This was my first book by this author and I will certainly be reading him again soon.  This was a book whose descriptions captivated me and evoked strong emotions throughout. Excellent plot and story line that the author ties together brilliantly.
 Ordinary Grace is a stunning coming of age story.  Set in small town southern Minnesota, the book is narrated by 13 year old Frank Drum.  It begins with the death of a classmate who is run over by a train while sitting on the train trestle.  The trestle spans the Minnesota River.  This is the first of several deaths that take place near the river.  Frank, and his younger brother Jake, are somehow connected to each death.  Frank is also trying to figure out what is going on.  Then murder strikes very close to home and we see the Drum family almost destroyed.<br/><br/>The book is set in the summer of 1961.  Nathan Drum is a minister and the family moves a lot.  He married a local woman who is not cut out to be a preacher’s wife.  They have three children, Frank and Jake, and also 18 year old Ariel.  She is a musical prodigy but, for reasons of her own, is balking at attending Juilliard.  We are introduced to other townspeople including the young adult bully, the town drunk with a heart of gold, and a wealthy family who owns a brewery.  They have a connection to the Drums and secrets of their own.<br/><br/>I am not familiar with Mr. Krueger’s mystery series that is also set in Minnesota.  Ordinary Grace is a stand alone and is truly in a class by itself.  The writing is gorgeous and evocative and the story telling is excellent.  It reminds me of Stephen King’s Stand By Me, which I think is a wonderful coming of age story.  The mystery will also keep you guessing, but to me it is not the center of the novel.  The novel is also about how death completely alters a family, it is about spirituality, about being different.  It is also about grace, both ordinary and extraordinary.  I can envision this as a movie.  This is also a book that I would re-read in the future, which is high praise from me.
 As a mystery writer myself, I was eager to find out about the finalists for the Edgar Award. I became even more curious after one of the judges told my mystery group "If you want to know how to improve your writing, read these books." When I read the synopsis for Krueger's book, I had a hard time getting excited about it. "What do I know or care about 13-year old boys?" I asked myself. I'm from the Midwest, but did I need to spend part of my summer reading about it?  Then I started reading. There are countless graceful aspects to Krueger's book, but they include a clear, consistent, and inviting voice. They include a cast of characters that seems so real they might be living next door. They include evoking a setting that is familiar and yet distinct. They include descriptions that are lyrical and loving, the kind of descriptions I wish I had written myself. Although I realize it's a personal preference, I also prefer novels in which the characters--both good and bad--are perfectly believable. There aren't any heroes here who dodge a hundred bullets and get away. There aren't any angels. The book is simply populated with "regular" people. The result asks us to probe into our own philosophies as we reflect on the title and try to decide our own definitions for "grace," ordinary or otherwise.
 It is great to encounter a novel with real characters who have realistic thoughts, motives, desires, dislikes, traits - both good and bad, and who speak, act and react like real people of the reader's acquaintance.  Too many novels today are full of stereotyped heroes and villains, who behave in ways extreme to even their stereotypes.  In contrast, this one was well stocked with real individuals with real personalities and all the attendant quirks.  I especially liked Frank's mother.  Neither all good or all bad, she was a lovely woman who was aware of her uncommon beauty and the options it offered her even as she approached middle age.  Yet she was mindful of the choices she had made and the limitations they placed upon her.  I thought the cigarette smoking was a nice touch that could be construed as a nervous outlet for the personal frustrations of being a preacher's wife - a mild, calculated rebellion, perhaps.  The rest of the cast is no less well-crafted.  I'll gladly take these genuine players over today's usual crop of perfectly molded, fully technologically-equipped heroes and heroines getting into and out of impossible situations with uniformly nefarious antagonists.<br/><br/>Being familiar with the Mankato/New Ulm area of southern Minnesota, I was delighted with the author's starkly accurate description of the region - the landscape, weather, flora, etc.  The railroad trestle was precious - you could almost smell the creosote wafting up from the bridge ties in the summer heat and humidity.  Ditto for the river - the poignant descriptive prose suggests personal experience with the warm shallow summer currents, the broad inviting sand bars and the mildly harsh feel of running through the brush along its banks.<br/><br/>One small flaw:  The railroad through that part of the Minnesota River Valley in the early sixties was the "Chicago and North Western."  The concept of "run through" power as practiced by today's railroads was extremely rare in those days, so the author's reference to the locomotive that struck Frank's friend Cole as "Union Pacific" is a factual error, albeit one unlikely to be noticed by the average reader and of no consequence to the story.<br/><br/>This is likely to be one of those books I will read again and again at comfortable intervals.
 Just finished this and it has moved to the top of my list of my all time favorites, in the vein of To Kill a Mockingbird, Stand by Me and A Prayer for Owen Meany. I found it to similarly simple yet profound and affecting. There aren't too many books that can make me well up with emotion at the end, and this one did.
 I've enjoyed Krueger's mysteries a great deal in large part because he's often explored topics and emotions that lie outside of the boundaries observed by more typical mystery writers. His characters have had more depth and Krueger has explored ambiguous moral issues, acknowledged the humanity and frailties of his main characters and explored spirituality.<br/><br/>In this book he focuses on those elements and the elements of mystery not only take a back seat but they're actually in the trunk.<br/><br/>The story is told through the eyes of a 13-year old boy who's trying to define himself in the face of upheaval around him. That vantage point is fascinating but I wanted to better understand the journey his mother takes when she first rejects God and then accepts the grace that is offered. That kind of exploration isn't really possible for Krueger to lay out given the novel's structure so my main criticism is that I think it could have been handled by having narratives from different character perspectives.<br/><br/>I noted that one reviewer complained the book was to slow paced. In counterpoint, and I can only complain that I wanted to savor the book and writing which was hard for me to do a I kept turning pages to discover what happened next. For me, the book didn't last long enough. Differing minds aside, I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys a thoughtful and well written novel.
 How I hated reaching the last page of "Ordinary Grace," a book I knew I was going love immersing myself in from its opening pages.  A "coming of age" story?  In many ways, yes, thirteen year old Frank taking us on a journey through the summer of l961, with a perspective that forty years of time have given him.  And what a summer it was!  So much sadness for young Frank, his younger sibling Jake and their family to deal with.  But through it all, the boys have the guidance of a father who, though they might not realize this until much later, is truly an extraordinary man, the perfect individual to see them from childhood into adulthood.  There's some considerable mystery here (I understand Mr. Krueger's previous books have been just that...mysteries), so telling too much of the story would only ruin the experience for you.  Suffice it to say that I'm just hopeful your experience will be as mine was.  I found myself thinking of Ivan Doig's magnificent "The Whistling Season" and Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird" in that these books' younger characters move through that period of time called "childhood" with very real and caring and loving fathers.  How lucky would we all be if we'd experienced the same.  That's not to say the parental figures in any of these books are idealized.  No.  Instead they are very real and flawed but with an understanding of just what the responsibility of children entails.  This is a very different book for Mr. Krueger...and he is wished great success.  This will be a memorable read for any who pick up the book.
 Ordinary Grace opens with the suspicious death of a young boy and becomes a richly drawn, deeply evocative coming-of-age story that is part murder mystery, part philosophical reflection. Preacher’s son, Frank Drum, finds himself caught in a tragic web of violence that has struck his small, Midwestern town. Despite the heavy subject matter, Ordinary Grace is not depressing or dark. Ultimately, it is a redemption story challenging the assumptions we make about “good people” and “bad people.” My favorite character was the preacher, Nathan Drum, a quiet, deeply faithful, intelligent and unassuming man, a kind of modern Atticus Finch. This book is a true, literary masterpiece and I’d place it in the same category as To Kill a Mockingbird. Definitely worth your time.
 Frank's  father is a preacher and has taught him that grace comes from pain "drop by drop until in our own despair, against our will comes wisdom through the awful grace of of God."  Frank is 13 and for him the "dark of the soul" at night still means adventure.  He and his brother Jake are watched over by their parents, but squirm free and in so doing find their own beginnings of wisdom.  That first night they have gone to see a man who had been drunk.  The town is unquiet after the death of a child of limited cognition who was run down by a train as he sat on the tracks.  The boys can see some central seam is working loose, but even the discovery of a dead vagrant still is mainly a source of thrill to Frank.<br/><br/>Frank is narrating this story 40 years hence.  The author resists the temptation to make the child Frank more perceptive and wiser than his years.  He also resists the temptation to make him completely naive, in fact his sister is especially fond of his observations. He is constantly monitoring the adults around him for kernels of information.  As can be inferred by the title, this book is a story of knowledge hard worn.  The year is 1961 and many of the adults around him, including his father, have solemn cores shaped by the wars of that century.  However these are the times preceeding the common knowledge of PTSD.  The foreshadowing in this book is skillfully presented; we sense a gathering of tragedy but its nature is not obvious from the ouset.  To me, the plot is the perfect balance of character driven actions and the necessity to react to outside sorrows and joys.<br/><br/>I was surprised by this book in its straight forward storytelling and delicate character development.  Tragedy seen by a teen boy in a small town is not a new story, but this book delivers a fresh take on the inroads this sadness makes on the soul.  It is a book that lingers in my mind and take another look at assumptions I make about people around me.  That is high praise for me.
 This novel reminds me of many stories over the years in which children are forced to grow up all to soon because they encounter the stark reality of a fallen world. Evoking works as diverse as Stephen King's "The Body" (or its film version, "Stand By Me"), the Netflix original series "Stranger Things", and maybe even "Lord of the Flies", this novel recounts one awful summer where the narrator and protagonist, Frank Drum, is forced to come to terms with the reality (and maybe even the inevitability) of death. The mystery at the core of the plot is not so deep that the reader cannot anticipate it, but the book is an engaging read nonetheless.
 Formulaic enough that I knew the answer long before the end, but I still enjoyed the characters and his beautiful descriptions of the lush countryside and the townsfolk.
 I always come to William Kent Krueger novels expecting to be instantly engrossed. A friend lent me "Iron Lake" years ago at a time when I was facing some serious surgery and as long as I had my eyes on the pages of that book the hospital stay to come was never a distraction. After the surgery any discomfort was kept at bay by a reading of "Boundary Waters." This is certainly is  one of the ways I judge the power of a novel--if an author can pull me out of my world and place me solidly in his, I'm a fan.<br/><br/>  "Ordinary Grace" drew me in as well. Kreuger's rendering of the  daily struggles of this family,  of the natural world and the details of life in the 1960s (yes, I remember watching Disney's "Wonderful World of Color" on a black and white T.V. set) frame the action of the novel perfectly.<br/>  Frank Drum says as the novel opens, that though terrible things happened that summer he doesn't think of it as depressing. One of Kreuger's great gifts is his ability to make this novel and the things that happen in it both stark and cozy. Yes, terrible things happen, but life goes on and people experience contentment and happiness again, (The scene in which Frank realizes he has not thought about his murdered sister all day and has actually laughed is perfection.)<br/>  If I have any quibble it's that Nathan Drum seemed a touch too good to be true. He gives off a faint whiff of Atticus Finch. But any novel that can remind you of "To Kill a Mockingbird" has a lot going for it.
 The book was very well written bringing both the characters and the small town where the story takes place to life for me, its a coming of age story and a suspense rolled into one. I loved the characters. it was a book that I devoured which is unusual for me. The story was able to invoke both tears and laughter from me and when I finished reading it, I felt as if this would be a story I won't soon forget.
 The novel is told from the viewpoint of the middle child,  Frank Drum, who in 1961 is thirteen years old. Frank is the rebellious child, breaking rules set for his protection. His older sister is a musical prodigy, and his younger brother at age eleven follows Frank everywhere.<br/><br/>Their father is a Methodist minister, is a patient, good man, whose experience in the Korean War left him with personal demons. After the war he gave up the idea of becoming a lawyer and went into ministry, to the vexation of his talented and beautiful wife who had not signed up for being a pastor's wife. They live in a small town in Minnesota, where expectations for the family are high-- and constricting.<br/><br/>Over the summer a series of events force Frank and his family to reevaluate everything they thought they knew about each other, their community, and God. Their reactions are rendered spot-on by Krueger, as is how they individually and as a family move on from tragedy. There is a mystery to be solved, with enough red herrings to keep the reader guessing.<br/><br/>I appreciate that the faith issues are honestly portrayed, without mawkish or trivial sentiments to cheapen the story. Real people struggle with anger at God, loss of faith, and their religious commitment. The 'ordinary grace' that resolves the story's faith journey is the miracle of a child's simple faith that begins the healing for which Frank is so desperate.
 Reading this book was almost like re-living a part of my childhood — but much more exciting, by virtue of the suspense built chapter after chapter.  I grew up a few miles from the novel’s setting in the pastoral valley of the Minnesota River just a few years younger than the protagonist, and I can vouch that it’s realistic.  That’s nice for me, but I gave the book a high rating because of the suspenseful story revolving around three mysterious deaths, the authentic characters living in an authentic culture, and the genuine emotion drawn out in the tangled small town relationships. Also — I don’t know if this is a plus or minus — the narrative and dialogue read like a polished screenplay.  I expect this will be in theatres someday.
 This book was in my mind as a 4 star book while I read. It was at 4 1/2 stars when I finished. As a few days have passed, I realize it's definitely 5 stars.  I was thinking that last half star was for the timeless universal book. That's why I ended up making it five star. It's that good. The Ordinary Grace of the book is conveyed in soft loving extraordinary prose that has touched my heart. I am not sure how I came to read this book. I'm pretty sure I googled "best book" and it's picture was on my screen. It's pretty close to miraculous. To me, it was the book I needed to read now. I am grateful. Knowing nothing of Mr. Krueger, I will now be exploring anything else he's written.
 I've not read Krueger before but if all his books are as good as this one, he can count me among his ranks of allegiant fans.  Ordinary Grace is - simply put - a beautiful book.  I realize this may be an incongruous adjective given the subject matter, but there is no other word that comes to mind.  Perhaps it's beautiful because of how the author can create such suspense with such simple, quiet prose.  Perhaps because of how he creates characters who live and breathe, and float off the pages into our psyche.  Perhaps because of the moral dilemmas and hard choices that we confront through the story line.  Or perhaps because of the ordinary grace that Krueger has imbued in the characters, and in the tale itself.  Whatever the cause, the result is something that is beautiful...and quite extraordinary.  Make this your next read.
 This is a book to be savored and shared.  I've done neither.  I wanted to linger over the thoughtful portions, enjoy the language and turn of phrase, but I couldn't stop myself from ripping through it in two days.  I'd like friends, children and other family to read it, but must have it for my permanent library.  Krueger apparently has written 14 or so other mystery/murder books, a series, and this is a stand-alone.  Considering the rave reviews and accolades, I hope he gets a clue and writes another out of series one.  Frank is the savvy 13-year old who is propelled into the adult world by the several deaths that affect him.  He's an amalgamation of every charming, infuriating kid on the brink of adulthood.  He's a tougher Scout, and his dad, Nathan, is more Atticus than Atticus.  And, as in Mockingbird, Ordinary Grace contains much to consider and reconsider.  I'll read again, to savor, and I do recommend it.
 The reader is very far into the story of the summer of 1961 before you understand what ordinary grace means.  The novel begins with a death, and the narrator--Frank Drum--cautions you that this was the first death in a summer that experienced several more deaths.<br/>Frank is a young teenage son of a pastor in New Bremen, Minnesota. He and his brother Jake live with their father Nathan, the pastor, and their mother Ruth who hates being a pastor's wife.  The boys have an older sister, Ariel, who is the light of their mother's life.<br/>There is a sense of lost dreams about Ruth, and she invests all her hopes in her very talented daughter, Ariel.  Ariel is a high school senior preparing to go to Julliard.  The boys are spending their summer enjoying the pleasures of small town life as well as running into a few difficult situations. But as the summer progresses, a series of more serious mishaps occur, which include some of the deaths referred to at the outset of the novel.  Finally, Ariel goes missing.<br/>The resulting search for her, and the shock that besets the family, occupies the remainder of this work.  It is a very sweet, satisfying and compelling tale, just short of being a masterpiece.
 I like it, I didn't like it, I really liked it. Those are the stages I went through as I read this book. Krueger's writing style is easy to read, and he develops the situation and the characters that makes you feel like you are there and part of the story.<br/>Ordinary Grace is a story that resembles a cross between Ozzie &amp; Harriet TV show and an Alfred Hitchcok movie. It is told from the point of view of a 13 yo boy in the 1960's. The suspense keeps building to the point where you can't put the book down. This book is also nostalgic and sweet—such simpler times in the 60’s compared to Today. I recommend this book, with a box of tissue nearby.
 What an awesome real story about a real family in a real neighborhood that go on real vacations. You get it. This story was so comforting in a time when our world can and does seem very messed up! But inside all that is a very intricately woven crime/murder. At times it is very suspenseful and a little frieghtening. But it all seems so real. I think I grow up in that neighborhood and know half the people in this book (JK). The book is written with such emotion and vigor, I think you should read it! You’ll love it. I did! 5 stars! A+ :-)
 This book was almost read entirely on our trip to another state to visit my Father, who, having gone through a tough time of Cancer treatment for Esophageal Cancer, has relied on his strong relationship with God and sees the Good in ALL situations.<br/>I purchased the Reading App as I had a sore throat and am so glad I " heard" the book for a change. The reader did such a wonderful job of changing characters and making you believe you were back in Minnesota, in a small town in 1962. As seen through the eyes of a 13 yr old boy, whose father is a pastor and follows the summer of terrible tragedy, it related so much to what I had been going through and what most will if not already will go through as death and dying are always a part of life. I am not great at putting my opinion into words but I am very critical and hard to please as I read 3 books a week at least. However, I can easily say, without a doubt, I would not change anything about this novel, I will read it again and I now have beautiful words of wisdom to live and draw strength from. A must read for anyone and I highly recommend it as a road trip book with Whisper Sync!
 Each year I pick one book of the couple dozen I have read in the year.  This is my favorite book of this year.  There is so much substance to this story!  You become emotionally involved with the diverse characters and their tragedies. You spend time thinking about their views of God and family in this small Midwestern town.  I would definitely rate this book 6 stars if possible.
 This is a well written,coming-of-age novel narrated by the young son of this family who have experienced the death of one of their own.  It is thoughtfully told as he views all the other important characters in his life and how his world is affected by them and by the events surrounding them.  I have read Kruger's Cork O'Conner mysteries and enjoyed them.  This, however, was a real tou de force.  I hope the author writes more books like this!
 This is one of the most agonizing and heartfelt books I've ever read.  Told by the narrator reflecting on his own youth 40 years earlier, it is a story of life crashing into the reality of death and loss.  Standing beside other similar works, John Nichols' "The Wizard of Loneliness" and John Iriving's "A Prayer for Owen Meaney", this book is a depiction of how people - especially young people - come to face the loss of those whom they love made more wrenching by the violence of murder.  The awful grace of God is the capacity for forgiveness, for understanding the wretchedness of other people's anguish, of going on living when the loss is almost too much to bear.<br/><br/>Krueger's setting and understanding of the time and the specifics of a micro-environment, small town Minnesota in the early 60s, is made universal by his heart.  This is a book I bought on Kindle but will purchase again in hard copy to keep with the few others that examine, so movingly, the capacity of the human soul to grow and soar because of and in spite of tragedy.  The protagonists - the narrator and his family - are examples of the greatness of the human condition.  They and others around them are flawed people but every one rises to a level of compassion and strength when called to do so.  The power of love and grace in the worst of circumstances is a testament to what humanity is all about.<br/><br/>I have rarely been so moved or inspired by a simple novel.  It is a work of uncompromising honesty and overwhelming possibility. I simply loved it and all the hope for humanity it conveys.
 For those os us who have read William Kent Krueger's mysteries series featuring Cork and his family, have been welcomed guests in his small town and the Indian reservation nearby.  We like the mysteries but we love his feel for family life, for life in a small town and his respect for Indian lore.  "Ordinary Grace" is the book he was meant to write, and the book that, somehow, we expected from him.  It is a loving, serious book abut family and life in a small town and about, yeah, grace.  It is a wonderful book, flat-out, one of the best books I have read in recent years, and one I will keep on my shelf and recommend to others--to anyone who stops by long enough to listen.  The story is told through the eyes of 3-year-old Frank and it covers the events of a momentuous summer in a small town.  There is a mystery, and it s just as involving as any of Krueger's mysteries, but it is more than than.  It is Americana.  It is about love and the small miracles that grace all of our lives.  I'm not a particularly religious person, but Frank's father is a minister and so the story is full of religious significance, but it isn't a book for the religious at heart.  It is a book for the human at heart.  I love this book, and all I can say to anyone looking for a wonderful reading experience is, "Read it!"
 Ordinary Grace was definitely a good read.  It managed to get me pretty emotionally invested in some of the characters since there were quite a few parts where I could have cried.  That being said, the story itself was a tad formulaic and there were a lot of punctuation errors.  Those things bothered me a bit, but that shouldn't stop you from enjoying this book.
 This story tells of a preacher and his family  and the events that occurred the summer of 1961 - told thru the eyes of the narrators  teenage self. It is a compelling  mystery surrounding five deaths that occurred that  eventful summer and how it changed their lives forever. Woven thru the book were many life lessons that served as constant reminders of God's presence and the Grace he bestows upon us all - if we would just open our hearts to SEE.  To me the most powerful wisdom was provided in the final sentence of the epilogue and I quote - "The dead are never far from us. They are in our hearts and in our minds and in the end,  all that separates us from them is just a single breath, One final puff of air."
 It makes me sad that a book like this, which won this year's Edgar, was not even considered to be included in the "literary canon" of 2014.  Trust me, it's better than a lot of the so-called literary novels that were published last year, many of which were very "recherche" as the expression goes.  Here is a novel that takes place in a time and a place that the author knew well, and we really feel it.  We feel as if he'd waited his whole life to write this book.<br/><br/>And in my mind, it was better than some of the novels that were on the short-list for the National Book Award.  But of course being considered "genre", it was probably never even considered.<br/><br/>It's too bad that great story-storytelling is not as highly valued as beautiful writing.  Both should have equal value when one discusses literature.<br/><br/>But yes, highly recommended.  This is a book that any novelist writing in the US should be proud of having written.
 Ordinary Grace was one of the best books I have ever read!  All the members of our book group thoroughly enjoyed this book that ran the gamut of emotions.  It is a coming of age story that keeps you wanting to read more.  The only thing we all decided is that we would have liked the minister's character development to have been expanded and to learned more about his past.  The other characters were beautifully developed and while questions about them are answered still pose many questions.  But the story is extremely well written and keeps you wanting to read on.
 This was a book club pick, one that I probably would never have read on my own. That's one thing I love about book club. It opens your eyes to new things. With that said, I loved this book. It's a mystery with a spiritual message. I will never think of the word"Grace" in the same way again.
 For those who prefer good literature to just a "good read" this book will fulfill that preference.<br/>As the story unfolds, there is an ominous, threatening undercurrent. Two young brothers, Frank and Jake, always seem to be looking for adventure down by the "railroad trestle". Frank, the thirteen year old is the narrator of this tale some 40 years after the happenings.<br/>At the beginning of this novel I felt foreboding and dread. Sometimes that feeling can be a "deal-breaker"  but as it was a book club requirement, I fortunately continued on with the story. For the first few chapters, the author, skillfully and carefully, was constructing tension but at this point I still wasn't engaged with the story-telling. As the tale unfolds in a small town in Southern Minnesota, the author brilliantly unfolds the character development of the narrator,  (Frank, who tells this story retrospectively as an adult); the members of his family; and the other main characters in the novel. Ever so slowly and skillfully the author constructs the layers of his tale and once again we the readers are reminded that things are never as they seem....even if they seem obvious and compelling.  We learn about tolerance, grief, forgiveness, wisdom and the love of family.  One should never rush to judgement in a novel or in real life.<br/>I would have unhesitatingly given this novel five stars but decided on four as the beginning chapters took too long to capture my interest.<br/>After about half way through the story, this novel became a page-turner of the highest order.
 This is a beautiful book. Some really insightful moments that can almost take your breath away. -- This isn't one of the mystery novels in his Cork O'Connor series. I've read all of those mysteries, mainly because I love reading about that up-North region (in the later mysteries he hasn't completely kept track of what happened with his characters in the earlier mysteries, which I probably noticed only because I read them one after another -- I was disappointed by this but undeterred).
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book because it is an authentic snapshot of growing up in a small town in the late 50’s- 60’s- like I did. Every small town has it’s town characters that now days, couldn’t get away with what they did back then! You can’t help but reminisce about feelings you had while dealing with difficult situations as a young and innocent kid- and how they effected your adult life.<br/>A slice of life- good and bad.
 Our 70+ member book club chose this magical novel for our December meeting. The message is one of a “grace so ordinary there was no reason at all to remember it.” A miracle happened that day of ordinary grace within the sorrow of a family’s tragedy a simple prayer offered in perfect speech was unexplainable but every word, unforgettable.It's set in a fictional small town of New Bremen, Minnesota in the summer of 1961 where everyone knew your name and your business, where life was simpler and more serene, where the clatter of a train was as common as the jangle from the ice cream truck. It was a time baseball came alive on transistor radios, where swimming holes, grape Nehi, drugstores serving ice-cold root beers, board games, model airplanes, and comic books, were staples of everyday life. The telephone was in the hallway, fried bologna sandwiches and cherry Kool-Aid ruled lunch, and Church served the faithful and provided a sanctuary for grieving. For the protagonist, thirteen-year old Frank Drum it was a summer filled with death in many forms – an accident, by nature, a suicide, and a murder. The characters, richly developed and diverse include the Drum family: Frank Drum, the narrator who didn’t believe in the “pearly gates version of heaven.” His father, Nathan, is the Methodist minister and his mother, Ruth, the antithesis of a minister’s wife, is full of deep emotion and drama. She has movie star looks and fancies herself as a world famous author like Ayn Rand. When she sang, “she could make a fence post cry.” His younger brother, red-hair and freckled Jake, stuttered in public, idolized his older brother, and was wiser than his years. Eighteen-year old Ariel, their older sister, was Juilliard bound with enviable talent and adored by her family, especially by Ruth as she saw her own dreams fulfilled in her daughter. The well-healed Brandt family gave us a mix of dysfunction between Emil, a blind and physically scarred musical virtuoso, his younger sister, Lise, born deaf and difficult with fits of rage and tantrums, and nephew Karl, who lived a lie that eventually ended in his death. The minor characters filled out the town with a Native American Indian family with an Irish last name and an uncle on the run, a bosomy blonde neighbor and her husband with marital problems, an abusive husband, a friend and fellow military buddy, a vindictive police officer, a stereotypical bully/bad guy who instilled fear just from his demeanor. The novel touched many themes with a religious thread running throughout. It covered secrets, lies, betrayal, handicaps, financial disparities, bullying, murder, suicide, loyalty of friends, family relationships, brothers loving brothers, homosexuality, grief and hope, truth, and consequences. This an honest look at a time of innocence and a worthwhile read for anyone wanting to experience an expertly crafted novel. We look forward to Mr. Krueger's next venture!
 I loved this book.  It's told from the perspective of a 13 year old boy and the people in his small town.  He is mature beyond his years and displays courage and character that adults can strive for.  He is 13 but don't be fooled, this is not young adult genre reading.  The story is also a great mystery that leaves you guessing until the end.  Once I started it I couldn't put it down.  The author writes about complex characters and small town life in a way that makes you feel like you're there.  I could smell summer in the air and hear the train passing on the tracks nearby!  I was afraid it would be dark and depressing based on the description of the book but found it to be uplifting as it explores humanity in all it's forms.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a book that takes you inside the community and characters that you're reading about.
 Story is set in an earlier, seemingly less complex, time.  But life is life and bad things happen to good people.  The narrator, age 13, tells the tale and tries to make sense of all that is happening and to solve several mysteries.  This book is well written and deals with the nature of family, faith (and lack thereof), small-town community, and much more.  I recommend it.
 Good summer read about a memorable, life shaping summer of a young teen.  Kept me interested all the way through with intriguing plot twists yet wrapped up the story well in the end.  I will definitely be looking for more reads from this author in the future.  I think it would make a good movie story line too.
 I can't believe so many people enjoyed it.  Likable characters - but it was completely predictable. Yawn! I'm going to delete this one from my Kindle - waste of space..
 This is a beautifully drawn story. I had the very unusual sense that I was in a painting while I read this book. The landscape is almost like one of the<br/>characters. I kept thinking the spell would end and I'd be disappointed but it was just the book that ended. I can still see that river and the small town months after I finished it.
 This was slow reading for me until about half way in but then it picked up and became more of a mystery and family drama . The father character was of a deeply religious, loving, kind, forgiving and moral man who displayed"ordinary grace"every day. Family dynamics interesting. I liked there was an epilogue to update the reader of the status of the main characters. Enjoyed reading this book.
 This book was ... ordinary. Can't believe all the 5-star ratings it got. So predictable. The murderer was obvious. Ordinary.
 This book makes my own personal Top Ten list for this year.  The story is compelling, revealing many facets of human behavior and interaction; each secondary character is essential to the account of a 12-year old boy's struggle to understand that bad things happen to good people, even in his idyllic Minnesota small town.  It could be on young adult and well as teen recommending reading lists. The writing is impeccable, bringing to life not only the sights and sounds of this small community in a more innocent time, but also its social structure. His minister-father's eulogy is one of the most heart-rending I've ever encountered, a declaration of faith over pain.  This book could be used with great impact in writing courses, psychology classes and certainly in book clubs where I will present it and anticipate lively discussion.  Younger readers who have never experienced the dynamics of a small, close-knit town will find it revealing and maybe a little peculiar, especially if they have been raised in modern urban society.  Older readers will certainly recognize the contrast and become a little nostalgic.  But the basic elements of people are universal and therein lies the power of this book.
 Do you like poignant historical fiction? This one was set in Minnesota in 1961.  Told as a fictional memoir of a man looking back on a summer 40 years ago when he was 13 and endured great loss. A murder-mystery, this book will evoke emotion as you experience life threw young Frank's eyes. This is a story about family. This is a story about grace, ordinary grace. And I loved it.
 Set in the small town of New Bremen, Minnesota.  A 13 yr old son of a minister comes of age during the hot summer of 1961.  A summer filled with root beer floats, swimming at the abandoned quarry, small town July 4th celebrations, and unexpected and unexplained deaths.  A coming of age story, a mystery, a moving novel of family loyalties and small town values in the 60's.  Good story line, told in believable voice of young teen, good writing -<br/>  "....I sidled up to the fence which was a slapped-together affair full of gaps where the warped boards refused to meet.  I put my eye to the space created by one of those refusals...."  A great image!!
 This was one of the very few books I've read that rendered me unable to read another book for days. I couldn't get the places and situations and characters out of my mind. When I tried to read something else, it felt like cheating. My mind needed to chew on all that Krueger served up (like fried bologna and cherry Kool-Aid). It needed to process the biblical themes and the idea of miracles; it needed to ruminate on the cruelty of people and the strength of a family in anyone's upbringing. You've read the other reviews (which are mostly summaries) but it's hard to encapsulate what a great book does to your mind. There's a reason this won a Pulitzer.
 A simple story of about a small town which made me think of "Our Town".  When I start reading any book, I have a tendency to read very quickly but with this  book, I was forced to slow down to read below the text and listen carefully to the message of the book.==How a small town deals with tradegy throughout the eyes of a 14 year-old boy. Intertwined with the story is a simple statement of religious belief but not preaching but rather ask reader to exam their own beliefs/value and how these beliefs/values are reflected in their daily lives as they interact with others.  A thoroughly charming book--one worth another read..
 I read this book for a reading challenge, to satisfy the award-winning mystery and Minnesota author category. Admittedly, I'm a Minnesota native, so more than a little drawn toward books set in Minnesota as well as those by Minnesota authors. As a Christian, I appreciated the title and the faith woven throughout this story. A setting in 1961, just a couple of years before I was born, sealed the deal. Even though I figured out the mystery before the end, it was still compelling. Most definitely I'd read others by this author!
 Krueger is an incredible storyteller. It was like he took me by the hand and led me on an amazing journey through the lives of this town and family. He proves that you can tell a great story without gore and sex. It's about murders, but also about so much more. It's almost as if the murders are secondary to the lives of the characters. He fully develops the relationships in the family between the parents and the interactions of the three siblings. Many will relate to one of the roles of oldest, middle, or youngest child. There is a side story about the invisible wounds carried by the father from the war and the effect on his relationships. It's also about life and relationships in a small town where folk look out for one another. This is a feel good story that is well told and paced just right.
 I enjoyed that the author wrote in such a conversational style, without much punctuation obstructing his narrator's thirteen-year old thoughts.  I thought it did a great job of explaining the seemingly opposed ideas of pain and joy, and how they mix together and influence each other. As I neared the end of the book, I had an appointment and I didn't want to stop reading.  My stylist said I could listen to it (I had purchased it on Audible, as well, because my husband prefers listening to books) and it totally pulled her in.  She was so sad that we were done before the book was! I liked the diversity in the characters, their motivations, and their coping mechanisms.
 The story telling is so lovely in this novel that I feel I'm right there and feeling the emotions of the narrator. It is a wonderful story which keeps a reader interested and gives one reason to ponder bits of life at the same time. This type of writing makes me love to read and I sincerely question how many authors or books become so popular as to be best sellers, when I often find  them mediocre, when there is such style and , yes I'll go there, GRACE in writing! Well done!
 'The heart has reasons that reason does not understand.' - Blaise Pascal.  (from the opening of Ordinary Grace)<br/><br/>William Kent Krueger's coming of age novel consumes only the course of a single Minnesota summer, but in its pages we are treated to an amazingly rich and diverse cast of characters.  Each growing and blossoming before our eyes.  I found myself highlighting truths and scraps of wisdom that I did not want to vanish.<br/><br/>From the first line of the prologue 'All the dying of that summer began with the death of a child', I was hooked.  This is indeed a story of No 'ordinary grace', but rather an affirming of the human spirit to forgive and to deal with tragedy unspeakable.
 In the tradition of the film, "Stand By Me,"William Kent Krueger authentically recreates the small town, 1960s, nuclear family experience through the clear and loving voice of Frank, a perceptive and curious young man who is transitioning through adolescence, trailed by his younger brother, a very wise, ethical and courageous boy, and one of the most honest communicators in the story in spite of a chronic stutter.  He (younger brother) is apparently following in the footsteps of their father, a down-to-earth, wise, and very human minister, a man of great integrity.  Other integral characters include their mother, a talented singer who directs the choral events, while straining against the bit and reins that tie her to the roles of minister’s wife and mother, and their smart and witty older sister, a musical prodigy herself and their greatest champion, who covers up the pain of first love with a happy-go-lucky attitude.<br/>Secondary characters range from the type of individuals you would expect to find in a small town to those who are too big for its smallness, to those who are eccentric and ostracized, and these are just as remarkably delineated as unique and alive human beings as the main characters. You will find yourself recognizing in these characters, someone you know or knew and loved, particularly those who we valued because of their honesty and integrity.<br/>As someone who did grew up in a small town in the '50s and '60s (like the author must have), it all just felt so familiar to this Baby Boomer, from the cereals and candy we children ate, to the meals eaten from a TV table while watching TV, to the TV shows we knew and loved, and the toys we played with and the games we invented.<br/>In addition to very fresh and skillfully-drawn characters, the story itself is gradually and carefully unveiled, never boring, but with truth and love, sustaining suspense for the several mysteries and deaths the author has presented us with (although this could not strictly be called a mystery novel).  It is a story that speaks of the depth of parental and sibling love, those unshakable and enduring human relationships which are the closest we come to a relationship with God and, in all truth, often outlive or make more of an impression than the ones we have with lovers and mates.  After all, as my mother often said, "blood IS thicker than water."  The themes of the story are human themes, both profane and spiritual, that are as old and deep as the ancient glacial River Warren, an oft referred to natural feature of the beautiful Minnesota landscape that is woven through this story, most likely for this very purpose.
 This is a story to which everyone of a "certain age" can easily relate.  The story has a beautiful simplicity that reflects the earlier time it so accurately depicts.  It is filled with the genuine, often flawed, characters that inhabit most small towns and whisks the reader back to a time when a real treat was attending a 10 cent movie or enjoying a cold drink or a chocolate sundae at the corner drug store.<br/><br/>It is now 40 years after the fateful summer of 1961 and Frank Drum, son of a Methodist minister, is taking a retrospective look at that time in the small Minnesota town where he and his brother Jake experienced the events that have defined the men they have become.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace, is an extraordinary coming-of-age novel that is at times reminiscent of Stephen King's THE BODY (or if you are a movie buff rather than a reader, the movie STAND BY ME) and Harper Lee's TO KILL A MOCKING BIRD as it documents the strength of a father, the depth of friendship and the horrors of misfortune while capturing small town life and the profound and enduring bonds of sibling love.<br/><br/>Krueger has a talent for drawing the reader in with the beautiful word pictures he paints and captures the deeply layered aspects of every situation without making them convoluted.  His writing is simple without being simplistic, poignant and expressive without being maudlin, and manages to be touching and inspiring without resorting to lecturing and moralizing. Beautifully imagined, William Kent Krueger has infused his narrative with an aura that, while not overtly religious, does serve to remind us that we are never alone and that time will indeed serve to heal those devastating events that may alter the course of our lives and ultimately help us grow in wisdom and shape lives that are filled with ORDINARY GRACE.<br/><br/>While this story is straightforward and uncomplicated it carries a message and an energy that rings true presenting the reader with things to ponder while providing moments of introspection that remain long after closing the cover on the final chapter.  This is one of those books to savor again and again.
 With quiet and insightful depth, this book slowly yet thoroughly attached itself to me. Each main character, certainly starting with Frankie, Jake and their minister dad, were compassionately developed. The writing is exquisite. Now I want to read more by this author.
 This is my first novel by William Kent Krueger and I will try others.  Choosing to tell this family saga and murder mystery through the eyes of a 13 year old boy was heartwarming, yet very adult in it's portrayal.  I found myself stealing off somewhere to read this book.  It was warm, complex and I fell completely for each unique character.  He is a master of description and characterization, yet Krueger uses restraint when emotionally revealing parts of the plot or the personality of the characters.  The story steadily develops, climaxes and ends creatively without rushing or stopping abruptly like some novels do.  It is award winning for a reason.  I highly recommend it for a wonderful summer read.
 This book was a "who done it" of sorts but set in a simpler time when children could wander the streets without the fear of getting hurt. I found it interesting that it starts out with a young boy dying but soon your on to the next death and wondering who did that and why.... then it just speeds along from there. It was a good read. I enjoyed the way Christianity was portrayed by "normal people doing normal things" and how this little boys father (the pastor) always had the right heart. He was a good example to the whole community of forgiveness and grace in everyday ordinary life.
 This book feels like a classic from the opening page. "It was a summer in which death, in visitation, assumed many forms. Accident. Nature. Suicide. Murder. You might think I remember that summer as tragic and I do but not completely so." Each character of Krueger's book is nuanced and captivating. The narrative voice of 13 year old Frank, on the cusp of adolescence, rings true. I was only one step ahead of him in his understanding of the complexities of the small town events as they unfolded. I turned page after page in the wee hours of the night, hoping he would come out the other end holding onto his faith in the world and the people he cared about most.
 I did love this story and it was so different from anything I've read of his .  We read it for our book club. I didn't hear one person who didn't like it and I gave it for gifts for Christmas.  It was set in the 50's and 60's.  Well written about a family that stayed together after a tragedy that impacked the whole family .  It came with real people and a mystery that was finally settled in the end.  Highly recommend this book.
 Never did I read the book so fast! I finished it in 3 days! At first I didn’t think I would be interested in the storyline, however, the author draws you in the moment you start reading the book. While at times predictable, the twists &amp; turns of the entire book are very interesting &amp; make it difficult to put the book away!<br/>This book is definitely on my best books I’ve read list!
 Ordinary Grace is well written and worth your time to read it. The story line is a bit contrived. That summer is quite filled with death. The two young boys learn a lot about life and death. It is not gruesome but I can not imagine two young boys given that much freedom to mettle in their father pastoral care and ministry. It was a crash course in death for the young men. Being an ordained minister myself, I can not believe all that took place in such a short time, though I have dealt with all of it, but not in that compact a time frame. The book needs a little more Christian theology in it.
 A touching story that deals with Grace, which in this book is not a girl's name. Grace takes many forms and in the summer setting of this book, the characters face experiences that will challenge their ideas about grace. There is a murder and one will not know who did it till the end of the book. The father of the family is a minister. So with 2 young boys, 11 and 13, and a teenage daughter, all are called on to examine their feelings about who deserves their grace and who doesn't as they deal with a murder in a small Minnesota town. Some aspects of this book reminded me of To Kill  A Mockingbird. A father leaning to understand his children and vice versa. A good read.
 I have never read any of William Kent Krueger's books, so had no idea what to expect.  Was this book a mystery? A coming of age story? It's a little of both and a lot more.<br/>The words simply flowed - beautiful word pictures that created a brilliant picture of small town America in 1961 and the people who lived (and died) there.  It was effortlessly lyrical.  The story was absorbing and played out like watching a movie in front of my eyes.  Many times, as I read, I had to stop and re-read and savor a description (which honestly is not something I do often).  The final chapter brought me to tears and I honestly was overwhelmed with the emotion of the characters, their love for family, their innate goodness despite their flaws...this is a book that will be easy to read a second time in spite of knowing "who did it".....
 It's been a long time since I've said to myself I will reread this book it's  so amazing. I'm not fond of coming of age stories but this was different..<br/>The father and the mother come to life,,,as do the other adults of young Frank's life. The children and adults all have to deal with tragedy, the attempted suicide and  a murder of  a loved one. The pastor father is beautifully portrayed along with his talented  frustrated  wife.  The plot twists and turns...with plenty of surprises.  The relationships are complex..nothing trite or two dimensional. Their flaws and strengths are beautifully integrated
 Beautify told story with a strong sense of place.  Wonderful  depiction of family relations .  Ariel's kindness to her brothers and the brothers own special relationship.  One where they care for one another and their different sensibilities are appreciated.  The mystery of Ariel's death is carefully crafted and remains a surprise until the end.  Woven throughout the story are the themes of moral courage and ordinary grace.
 I probably would not have read this book on my own, but my book club selected it.  Quite a pleasant surprise to find myself immersed in a book I could not put down.  It's an excellent read in terms of a good story with an interesting twist, basically a mystery but so much more.  It's also a story of faith, or lack thereof, written in a sensitive, moving manner.  It's always present but not in your face, as happens too often with stories where faith is a component.  The characters are wonderfully written, very believable and very human.  As the story progresses, it will break your heart and lift you up at the same time.<br/><br/>(As an aside, being a Minnesotan, it was nice to, for once, read a book set in our state that doesn't make mention of bitter cold and boots crunching on snow!)
 Heart warming, touching and a nicely woven story and mystery. Funny and sad. With some thoughtful passages. Reminded me a bit of a more sober Midwest version of Crazy in Alabama.  Which I loved!  I gave it four stars only because I thought the plot and who killed One of the main characters was fairly easy to figure out.<br/><br/>I sadly had never heard of the author. When I saw he'd been writing a mystery series for years I bought his  first book Iron Lake. OMG it was a fabulous page turner. Many a sleepless night. I plan to read them all.
 Good coming of age tale about two brothers their sister and parents during one summer in the early sixties.  The author spins a good yarn that kept my interest from the first page to the last.  Interesting characters that come to life thanks to excellent character development, especially the boys who grow up quickly because of the circumstances they have to deal with in the course of the summer.  Their relationship with each other feels true to life, as does the dialogue of boys their age.<br/><br/>This is a good, fast summer read.  If coming of age stories appeal to you, give this one a try.  I think you will enjoy it as I did.
 Fascinating story of a family living in a small town in Minnesota.  Wonderful descriptive writing by this author.  He makes you feel as if you're living there.  You recognize the characters he manages to bring to life and understand them.  The struggles we have, the loves we find, the search for truth we seek, are in his writing.  A satisfying well written read.
 I thought the character development in this novel was stronger than in most I've read, in quite some time.  The story is set in 1961, though it feels<br/>like it could have occurred in another time, and still been essentially the same story. It is interesting how the death of a family member, changes, or does not change, the family.
 A mystery, romance and family story all in one.  Told from the point of view of one brother looking back on his and his brother’s coming of age as sons of a minister. The characters are unique, some unlovable and quirky, but their lives intersect in this small town as a murder unfolds.  I enjoyed this novel so much I am now reading his Cork McConnor series.
 A beautiful story. I'm not a big fan of the "boys coming of age" genre, and there is so much more to this story than coming of age. All of us continue to grow and deepen in our relationships as we experience love and loss, and take the time to learn and reflect on the meaning of death for our living. This is explored  well in the story and the characters are real. It is all of our stories.
 It is hard to find the right words to describe Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger for this story will touch every reader in different ways. Every person is unique and we all read for various reasons. Some books leave a more lasting impact on our souls. Personally, I haven't been affected so much since reading The Book Thief by Markus Zusak or The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini. Truly inspirational, well written and will grip you long after the end.
 Wow did I love this book. I thought it was a mystery, and I don’t normally like mysteries, so I stayed away for too long. Turns out this is a wonderful literary novel that happened to have a mystery in it. It’s a beautifully written book that made me laugh more than once and made me cry more than once. It’s told from the point of view of a thirteen-year-old boy and is set in 1961. Although I wasn’t born then and my town wasn’t as small as the one where these events are set, it brought back memories to my own childhood. I was certainly transported to that time and love the narrator’s voice and the story that he told.<br/><br/>Oh, and I’m not remotely religious, and none of the God stuff in this book bothered me in the least.
 Krueger reaches into the depth of "normal lives" to find really good things, amidst tragedy and warmth.  Growing up, becoming men, loosing a close relative to a cruel murder and finding the inner thoughts of a pair of young kids that become these men provided a wonderful central theme for this fine book.  Sure, there is mystery and murder involved, but it is secondary to the story.  I totally enjoyed the book, found it to be a worthwhile read, and recommend it without reservation.  And, it fits audiences from teens to Generation Rx as the boomers and war babies are now being called. The now older generation who are familiar with things like Pakards, and non-air conditioned, standard shift, smelly cars will feel right at home.  The now teens, and young adults will see a bit of their parents or grand parents young lives.  Well done!
 This book could be considered a "Young Adult" book, as its narrator is a 13 year old boy, living in small town MN, where he is faced with a series of deaths that he is trying to comprehend.  It is a wonderful portrayal of the characters and of small town life with all its benefits and drawbacks.
 This is one of the best books I've read this summer! It's the first I've read by William Kent Krueger,<br/>a NY Times best seller author; but it definitely won't be my last. It's beautifully written...part mystery and suspense, part spiritual and human journey. I highlighted many meaningful parts; but the last sentence of the epilogue was especially meaningful to me..."The dead are never far from us. They're in our hearts and on our minds. And in the end, all that separates us from them is a single breath....one final puff of air."
 There is so much to reflect on this well wtitten, humorous and yet profound book all done  through dialouge.  The main characters all had their perspective on life and the many ways to deal with death. A delicate topic in real life situations especially when there is family tragedy.
 This novel about family ties was so well written. It kept me captivated throughput the entire book. Every character is important. Mother, a musician, father a minister, beautiful Ariel, the talented teenaged daughter and  two younger brothers. The boys witness several upsetting crimes during the summer of 1961 in a small Midwest town.  Story lines keeps you guessing until the end. Excellent story!
 This was a quick read because it was a page turner, I didn't want to put it down.  I highly recommend it...Don't want to give anything away, other than saying it was worth buying.  I've already loaned it out, and my friend also found it an excellent read - she read it in a day.
 Mr. Krueger writes about a solid family in Minnesota living in the early 1960s. His descriptions of the people, events, and beauty of the setting are seen through the eyes and mind of a teen-age boy.  A lot of memories will be stirred among readers who were in their teens during this period. I found the first half of the book a bit slow as the characters were developed and the story line set up.  Still, the mastery of the writing carries the reader easily into the second half of the book where the story quickens and deepens.  The family is devastated by the discovery of one of them murdered. There are a number of possible suspects and both the family and the community are fractured in the response.  The ending will provide a bit of surprise and I assure you, you will put the book down with one thought, - what a well written book.
 I loved the characters. Each one was a well developed individual who I felt I got to know and was sad to loose when the book ended.  The story pulled me in and was as well developed as the characters. The sentences were rich and full.  The whole book came together in a perfect balance that kept me up at night turning the page waiting to see what happened to Frank and his family.  It is a coming of age story, as every review points out.  It is also a very emotional story about how a boy, a family and a town deal with death, and grief as cutting as a knifes edge.  There is also great compassion within it's pages.  You will not be disappointed in this book.
 I loved this story.  It has enough mystery to keep the reader intrigued and most of all, it folds the reader into the fabric of a family that loves despite tragedy.  My time with Frank and his little brother Jake was filled adventure, fun, and sadness.<br/><br/>I highly recommend spending time with them.
 I would highly recommend this book.  You get hooked right away in this small town in a time where kids roamed everywhere with no worries.<br/><br/>A preacher, a wife with musical and vocal talent, a daughter with a beautiful voice and two brothers.  Trouble starts in this tiny town and the railroad tracks were off limits to the kids.  A police officer who doesn't keep his mouth shut when he should.<br/><br/>The title of the book comes at the end after tragedy hits this family and a young boys stuttering ends.<br/><br/>This was definitely a great discussion at book club and some have picket up other books by this author.
 This book is a classic.  The narrator, a young boy trapped in a complicated web of family and community, speaks the truth (and brings his little brother along) as one after another death comes to a small town.  Others have compared it to "To Kill a Mockinbird," and I agree.  This author is able to create character and place, develop suspense, and move plot while remaining behind the eyes of a young teenager.<br/>The book contains a spiritual message without being preachy, and it is instructive on the topic of caring for those who are weak in society (children, the homeless, minorities, mentally ill).<br/>The father figure will stand as a model for years to come.  I wish Gregory Peck could play him in the movie.<br/>I have already given away my copy, and I recommend it to everyone.
 An honest reflection on the human condition that wrestles with the complexities of life, loss, faith and redemption. This is a story that captures the unique and detailed influences so common to every life and the amazing brevity of it all and the ease with which so much is lost to our individual memories.
 Probably one of the best books I have read in a very long time. The characters are intense. The story is told by Frank, a Preacher's son who is looking back on his childhood. His mother was a woman who married the wrong man, lived the wrong life, and basically didn't care if she showed people her discontent. His father was guarded about war wounds that may have been physical or mental but were never discussed. Frank's brother had a keen sense of understanding things about people that was far being his years. The town had a strangeness of occurrences nobody could explain. This book is meaty to say the least. It isn't a horror story, I just don't want to spoil the story for you. I could read it again!
 I don't like books that make me cry, but that is no reason to give it less than five stars.  Written from the perspective of a thirteen year old boy, this story tells the events in one small town during one extraordinary summer.  The author uses death, prejudice, anger, birth defects, gossip, the heroics of ordinary life and the interplay between members of a family to demonstrate the power of love and the terrible grace of God.  The result is beautiful and sad.  It is very much worth the read.  Enjoy!
 This is perhaps the best book I have read in several years.  It is well written, believable, and captivating.  I could relate because I would have been about the same age as Jake in 1962.  The suspense factor kept me locked in.  Loved everything about this book.
 There is some good writing in this, enough to keep you interested. But it is an overly romanticized rehash of pastoral southern style mid 20th century fiction draped on a wildly improbable murder mystery.
 I don't casually use the word "magnificent" for a book, but Ordinary Grace is just that, as well as moving, touching, and extremely readable. My lifelong best friend from Alabama recommended the book, and since she is not and never has been an avid reader, I was intrigued. Now I fully understand the recommendation. We grew up in a small town in the 1950s and '60s, and this book is so on target with life as it happened in those days. And for someone like me who spends much of my time working with genealogy, the last sentence of this book says it all. "The dead are never far from us. They're in our hearts and on our minds and in the end all that separates us from them is a single breath, one final puff of air."
 A beautifully written story that brings back memories of childhood.  This book is an interesting perspective on how people deal with tragedy.  It isn't action movie or media hype...it's how real people deal with life when it gets hard.  Everyone faces situations differently and there were some lovely examples written into the dialogue.  You can feel the heat and smell the rain.  The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because it was slow for me in places but all in all a valuable, worthwhile read.
 I postponed reading Ordinary Grace, simply because it wasn't part of the Krueger mystery series, and I didn't think I'd enjoy it.  WRONG!  It's a sensitive, beautifully written coming of age novel set in a small Minnesota town.  The protagonist, a young man, son of a pastor, has a rebellious streak, and he comes to life on the pages.  He's loyal to his brother, who has a stuttering problem, confused by his sister's mysterious behavior, and curious about his father's war experiences, which have obviously affected his life, but who won't speak about it.  The plot is a page turner, and keeps the reader up long after the book should have been laid down in favor of sleep.  I seldom rate a book this high, but Ordinary Grace is a great read, and I strongly recommend it.
 William Krueger beautifully sculpts and crafts his characters, even the seemingly minor ones, in a manner that suggests the reader should take a breath before jumping to conclusions or making assumptions on any one's character or motivations. A suspenseful and often heart wrenching story that explores complicated love, bias, and faith with 'hope' often circling about, I truly enjoyed and found it a great book club read.
 This is my favorite book for  this year!  Great story line, well written, could not put it down  and it discusses, through its characters, deep questions about " Why does God allow -----".  I love that the characters are so complex and no one is perfect, not even the pastor.  Yet the pastor  is able  to keep his faith in the grace of God even in the midst of deep despair  and lead others to continue their faith in a God who is good.  Not all the characters can continue to believe and some are lost..  The suspense will keep you guessing until the very end.
 This is by far the best book of 2014. I will let the other reviewers give away the story line which was great in itself. The special something that puts this book over the top is the writing. Krueger has the ability of those special few authors to bring the reader into the story where they can see, taste and smell what is going on around them. Few authors have this gift but this author has it in spades.  It is a story of triumph over disaster and how the members of the family pull it all back together again. it is a book that will grab your attention from the start and keep it throughout the story to the last page. Bravo Mr. Krueger, job well done. I am now looking for another Krueger novel to enjoy.
 I just read it for the second time for my book club and enjoyed it even more!  The characters are so flawed - flawed but lovable.  The writing is great to read with writing that refers to someone as emotionally demonstrative as a "pile of hay" or eyes so blue they "purchased pieces of sky to make them."  What can I say?  It's a great read.  I'm starting on some of his criminal books next.<br/><br/>I wanted to keep reading to discover who died next but I have to admit it became a bit predictible near the end.<br/>I love the manin character and narractor and the writing.
 Perhaps the appeal of Mr. Krueger's novel is that the lead character, Frank Drum, &amp; I are of the same vintage, growing up in small towns, with life questions outpacing life answers.  I kind of like the way the author tells us enough about Frank's father &amp; his friend, Gus to help us understand how life situations beyond our control, shape us forever; without telling us the details.  We see the strength of God's grace in the life of Nathan Drum and how his resulting life impacts a whole community in a positive way.  Much as Mr. Krueger introduced the Cork O'Connor series lead character as a beaten, broken man, he paints the picture of Frank's father, Nathan, on the verge of losing all that is precious to him, while trying to perform the duties of his calling; a modern day Job, if you will.  In the end, we see fruit of his faithfulness and the tremendous impression left on his children.  If you enjoy mystery of tragic circumstances, and want to close the back cover with a big smile on your face and an optimistic outlook for life . . . read this book!
 I absolutely loved this book!  I had been looking for an author who could really write, and I found him  in William Kent Krueger.<br/>His writing touched my heart,  and he strings words together beautifully.  I have ordered the first two books in his series, and<br/>I hope they are as good as this book!
 This book will stay with you.  It's subject matter and writing style reminded many in my book club of the content and style of To Kill a Mocking Bird. The story alone is great but the subjects it touches on from the early 60's make it worth a read and thought.  It Krueger's other books are half as good they will be good reads.
 Totally enjoyable. I read it twice. First to follow the plot and solve the mystery. The second time was to re-experience the skillful writing. I'd read only one of his Cork O'Connor books, which was okay. IMHO Ordinary Grace is a much better read.
 Once in a while.....not often, but once in a while I read a book that literally transports me from nearly the first page. This is one of those books. It is masterfully written! Such beautiful, profound eloquence. I’m so curious to know what his other books are like. It’s heavy, but so can be life. Absolutely loved it.
 This might be his best ever!  William Kent Krueger has built a community filled with familiar yet surprising characters.  I spent my childhood summers in a similar town and his books always bring me home.  His characters are real people with complicated lives whose intertwined stories build the plot rather than populating it.  Krueger is that rare writer whose series you don't need to read in order.  Without awkwardness, he explains the back-story of his recurrent characters as part of the plot.  Read every one of his books.  You will come away knowing more about yourself.
 Extraordinary literature!!  Exquisitely well-written: tight story line, well defined characters, perfect flow, etc., etc., etc.  One of the very best books I have read in ages.  So very sad that this is a stand-alone book of this author.  I sincerely hope that William Kent Krueger will product more of this type of novel in the future, rather than the on-going series that is probably becoming all too comfortable for him to "churn out."  This man has written, what I consider to be, a classic in every sense.  -B. Hill
 I was not expecting to find this novel so engaging.  I found the simplicity of the story telling, and the comfortable writing style refreshing.  At the end I wanted more!  This would make a great coming of age novel for a school curriculum, but as an adult reader, I though the themes were also spot on!  Definitely worth a read!
 This was one of my very favorite books of all time. It was almost impossible to put down as the story was told so well and the characters so developed and defined. I cried more than once, it was heartbreaking at times, and yet made the reader feel so much more. My wish is for William Kent Kruegar to write more novels...soon.
 “Sometimes, as an author, you’re given a story. It comes, just comes, and it’s so compelling that it haunts you until you’ve written it. For me, that was “Ordinary Grace”…I put everything I know about storytelling into this book,” said William Kent Krueger about his 2014 Edgar Award winning novel.<br/><br/>Those of you who read my reviews know that awards do not faze me. I did not care too much for Goldfinch and I could list the Man Booker Award winners I thought worthy on one hand and perhaps with two fingers. This time, however, the judges got it right. Congratulations to the Edgar Awards for recognizing an excellent book.<br/><br/>There is so much to like about Ordinary Grace that you should immediately go out and get it without reading further. I will, however, share what I found most compelling.<br/><br/>First of all the writing was the best you'll read. It felt more literary than commercial fiction. Here are some of my favorite passages:<br/><br/>"To this day there are pieces (of music) I cannot hear without imagining my sister's fingers shaping the music every bit as magnificently as God shaped the wings of butterflies."<br/><br/>". . . birds so ordinary and profuse that they fill the air like dandelion fluff."<br/><br/>"He seemed old to me because his hair was no longer black but the dull color of a long-circulated five-cent piece."<br/><br/>". . .eyes whose blue was so intense it was as if he'd purchased pieces of the sky for their making."<br/><br/>"The dead are never far from us. They're in our hearts and on our minds and in the end all that separates us from them is a single breath, one final puff of air."<br/><br/>This is the story about a summer in a small Minnesota community. The protagonist, a thirteen-year-old boy tells us about that summer which begins with the tragic death of a child. He tells the story as a storyteller. The reader senses his adult presence throughout the book and yet the story is told in the words of an adolescent child.<br/><br/>The characters are sensitively drawn. We understand their struggles and feel attached to each.<br/><br/>There is mystery here, but it isn't so much the mystery that keeps the reader reading. Sure, we want to find our more about the perpetrators of the deaths but even more, we want to find out what happens to the people we grow to love.<br/><br/>Krueger does everything an author should do. He does not tell us too much. He does not cheat the reader. The final conclusion brings satisfaction and a clear understanding of what happened during that summer in 1961.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace is a tragic story but a beautiful story. The title captures much more than its literal reference in the book. Krueger showed us what ordinary grace is.<br/><br/>If I could give this book more than 5 stars, I would.
 I can see why William Kent Krueger's novel, Ordinary Grace, won the Edgar Award for Best Novel. The story is told in the first person of a young boy living in a small town in Minnesota. The boy describes from his own view the lives and deaths of people in that town,one summer. Some of the circumstances of the lives and tragic deaths do not become revealed until later in the story, but you are drawn into the novel by a desire to get to know the people better, family members as well as neighbors. It is certainly is not a gruesome nor violent story but one that challenged my discipline to put the book down and continue reading the next day.
 I chose to read this book because of the positive reviews I saw and I'm so glad I did. This is topping my list for books I've read so far this year. The storytelling is beautiful and complex and the characters are so well developed, I felt like I knew the Drum family. This novel has that magic that makes a novel a true success - it is beautifully written but also extremely read-able, as in it has an engaging and interesting story/plotline. I'd recommend this to anyone who is a fan of literary fiction and enjoys a good novel.
 I enjoyed this book. It is a decent book but realistic and doesn't shy away from some very thorny issues or deal with them in a simplistic way. I just don't like books with follow-up chapters that tell us how everyone turns out 20 years later, although there were a couple of surprises there too. The book had many surprises for me. The plot is well thought out and seems contrived only in a couple of places. If you like supense and meaningful values and rural family life, this book is for you. The two young boys are my favorite characters. I also liked the emphasis on open-minded Christianity that is not in the business of judging everyone because all of the characters have their own crosses to bear.
 Once again Krueger's evocative prose has brought to life complex characters in a classic coming of age story. Frank Drum stumbles over the precipice of adulthood in an idyllic small town after a series of tragic deaths. His gentle father,  his frustrated mother, his perceptive little brother, and his idolized older sister each play a part in creating the man he will become. Beautiful, lyric descriptions and  deep, likeable characters make this a beautiful read.
 The characters are deeply developed and you empathize with them. The plot is richly woven around them and the eventual outcome.<br/>While the narrative is simple, it evokes the time, place and the person. These characters ring true. The story turns the page.
 Good but very predictable.I did enjoy how spirituality was presented and how it continues through the through the characters. That was very moving and made the book a "feel good" story!
 Bought it after reading all the reviews; can't believe that people really found this suspenseful. It was so obvious. Ugh!
 My daughter and I have formed our own book club and this was one of our favorites this year. It is a beautiful story, subtly and poetically told; and the resolution is unexpected, understated and perfect--in sum, it is an instance of grace.
 Beautifully written. Real mysteries to keep your interest. Refreshingly optimistic and spiritually elevating , showing the goodness of people rather than the dirt. Shows that a popular book can make the grade without resorting to bad language, graphic sexuality, and violence. Both I and my wife loved this book.
 This is the best novel i've read in recent years. Some authors try "so hard" to write beautifully and tell their stories. Not so, Mr. Krueger. Ordinary Grace just flows and somehow makes the complexities and tragedies of human life understandable. He makes you fall in love with the characters and understand their pain. He takes you through hard lessons and demonstrates forgiveness.<br/><br/>All in all, this is simply and beautifully written. I am going to look now and see what else he has written.<br/><br/>Loved it.
 Ordinary Grace is anything but ordinary.  A great, fast read that brings you back to your childhood (60s) and a much simpler way of life.  This book is anything but simple.  All of the characters were real.  There is a mystery to solve for those who like mysteries.  I read this book years ago and suggested it for my book club.  I think I liked it even better the second time around.  (I'm not one to waste my time rereading books since there are so many I haven't read yet.)  The book club loved it.  A good choice!
 An austere mystery novel, recounted by a pre-teen and set in an unremarkable region of the Upper Plains though apparently sufficiently appealing to some talented people whose life unravels for no apparent reason.
 The writer is very skilled at giving you the feeling that you are really there in the book seeing what the story teller, one of the sons, is describing  about the setting and the characters.  You go from thinking that there could be the one obvious perpetrator of one or more crimes. Or could the deaths be accidental as a result of poor judgement on the victim's part?  But slowly as you begin to understand the characters of those involved in  in this community, and near the very end as characters unfolded in interaction with others, you start to get a hunch of what happened in each case.  There is suspense in the novel that builds to a crescendo,. Seeing this story recounted through the minds of the young boys on the threshold of manhood, reminds you of that time in your own journey to adulthood.  The thoughtful and common sense of the father is worth quoting and remembering, in that way there is thoughtfulness and hope also in this novel.  I enjoyed it very much.
 Do not think I'll forget this book for a long time. I have already recommended to many people. Although it took me a bit to get hooked, on the second day, I couldn't go to sleep until I finished. I did guess the ending, but still LOVED it. The characters are so well developed especially the young boy that is the narrator. It is a mystery but much more. The references to religion and God which would usually turn me off, did not, as they highlighted life issues and moral conflicts and human dilemma. Such a rich novel. I will look up more by this author. I was sad when it ended. I wanted to stay with the characters.
 I thought this was one of the best books I have read in a while. As I was reading through it, I sometimes wondered if it was going to follow my beliefs as I'm a Christian and so often you get into a book and realize the jest of the book is off....especially when it talked about the awful grace of God. This book was done so well and I really found myself into the book more and more and relating to the characters. Just because you are a Christian does not mean everything is going to be perfect, in fact usually just the opposite. I felt this book showed that the grace of God is there, even through awfulness, for those who reach for it. Cudoos to the author....I plan to read more of his books. Great book and very uplifting.
 I have not read a novel in years. I was looking for an escape from our current political life. After reading the reviews for this book, I ordered it. It did not disappoint. Beautifully written, it transported me back to an earlier time in Minnesota. I loved it.
 Starts out great, starts to fizzle in the middle with non-essential / filler content to stretch out the length of the story. You could cut about 50 pages out &amp; enjoy it more.  Figured out who did it before it ended.
 I like the realistic way that the story has been told.  The characters were so real and so well described. You felt like you knew each one of them, and they seemed like someone you knew in your real life.<br/>The story had a lot of depth to it, and much thought to contemplate.  The Sermon that Nathan gave, following the death of his daughter, was very real and inspirational. Words that those who are grieving, need to hear.
 Thus is one of the best books  I have read!  There are so many emotions felt in this book;  sometimes  laughing out loud, crying real rears, bewildered, delighted, and always,  anxious  to turn the page.<br/>I do and will continue to recommend this to everyone.  It will long be in my memory, and forever in my heart.
 I enjoyed this book. It was easy to read—even on an airplane with lots of distractions. The main character is likable and the mystery--and then the deep and wonderful message--is quite intriguing. I loved the way it ended.
 I loved this book. It held me captive from start to finish. A coming of age novel set in 1961, it is also a murder mystery. The skillfully written tale is highly recommended to anyone who appreciates realistic characters within a story from simpler times. I am looking forward to other works from this author.
 I thought this was a very touching story as told from a young boy's eyes but it was not full of cliche's as many coming of age stories are. It was a tender look at life, how things can go astray but also how there can be redemption.  Excellent read, well written, one of those novels that stays with you.
 I just finished this book and enjoyed it. I am a fan of the writing, and I like the characters. The setting reminds me of my little town. It is a bit sad, and so if you are looking for an upbeat read, this is not the one for you.
 Honestly, I think this has become a favorite book....I hadn't heard of Mr. Krueger before and didn't realize I was reading a mystery writer's book because it's so beautifully written (not to slam mystery writers, a genre I do love)...great book, gorgeous stuff here.  Highly recommend it.  Thanks, Mr. Krueger!  Am about to order another of yours.  Wish I knew which one :-)
 This beautifully written novel, both heartbreaking and uplifting, reminds me a bit of another favorite, "Peace Like A River", albeit with a well crafted mystery driving the plot. Kruger says his favorite book is "To Kill A Mockingbird" and one can certainly see the influence. Yet even with reminders of these two great novels, "Ordinary Grace" stands very much on its own. The characters are superbly drawn and real; even the most dislikable (and there are a few of these) resonate deeply. It is often a tough, brutal novel, dealing with death and depression and the wrenching brutality of life. Yet the title is breathtakingly true. This is a great novel.
 William Kent Krueger may have outdone himself with ORDINARY GRACE. I've read a few other popular novels by this author,and ORDINARY GRACE is by far the best. If you like Kreuger's books, you'll love this one.<br/><br/>You may hesitate to read this, as I did, because the narrator is recalling the summer when he was 13-years-old, and coming-of-age stories bore you. Fear not. ORDINARY GRACE does not come across as a coming-of-age story. This is a story told by a 53-year-old man. He writes as an adult recalling what happened that summer to his family and others in his small community when one murder after another took place.<br/><br/>But ORDINARY GRACE mainly observes the narrator's father and brother, so full of ordinary grace.
 I cannot say that it was one of my favorite books nor one of my least favorite.  Felt as though it really was to wordy.  You had a pretty good idea who did the killing about mid way through.  I would not recommend another book by this author
 One of the finest books I've read in the past several years. It has everything, great characters, smart writing, excellent plot. It's a heartwarming coming-of-age story about a young man growing up a family where the father is a minister in a small town. Within this setting is a mystery surrounding the death of young girls during one summer. Once you start this book, you won't want to put it down until the last page is turned.
 This novel started off slowly and developed characters slowly and skillfully. About halfway through the story gained steam and I read at every moment I could. I easily predicted the the end. I knew who the killer was, but kept reading to see if I was right. I was. It would be a great novel to teach plot structure, characterization and facilitate a discussion about the human condition and motivation.
 Started off slow, but after the first couple of chapters picked up.  Was an easy read and enjoyable.  Wanted to know what would happen next.  This was a book I read for my book club.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the book, but several said not one they would have picked but glad they read.  We had a great discussion about all the characters.  Loved that some of the members saw things I did not see therefore it opened me to a new perspective on some of the characters.  If you were raised in the late 50's or early 60's, you would enjoy the look back to a simpler time in life when kids actually played outside without their parents worrying.  I recommend it as a good summer read.
 I'm not exactly sure why this novel reminded me of Harper Lee's novel.  Perhaps because the narrator is a young boy; perhaps because it take place in mall-town America; perhaps because it's full of quiet wisdom.  There's a mystery here, but it's more literary than an ordinary crime novel.  The pacing is a tad too slow (which is why I didn't give it 5 stars) and there's a tad more spirituality than I'm comfortable with, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and highly recommend it.
 Very touching story.  I loved it!  The mother was my least favorite character because she was partial to the daughter to the point of abandoning her boys, who fortunately were wise beyond their years.  I also liked Gus and his relationship with the boys.  The book illustrates the importance of a relationship with God.
 A wonderful book narrated by a young boy during a week or so of his 14th summer in a Minnesota small town.  The story revolves around four traglic deaths and the effect on his family....a minister father, a musical mother and daughter, and two sons.  The young boy tells his tale with brashness and innocence of the young observiing their first look at the dark side of family, community, discrimination, sex, love, religion and friendship.<br/>It is beautifully written in a simple, direct manner with great mood, time, and place that invokes wonderful nostalgia for the 60's.  This is a departure of the usual  William Kent Krueger book  (cop mysteries in Minnesota, which are also very good).  I highly recomment to anyone and especially to book clubs.
 This I found to be more philosophical in nature rather than a page turning mystery.  It is for the patient reader, as it moves slowly.  A well written and thoughtful story of a minister and his wife, older daughter and 13 and 11 year old sons.  With a very slow beginning, it never really builds to the "can't put it down point".  However, as it winds down you're drawn into the feeling and growing of the family, and the 13 year old's back story of what happened 40 years ago in 1961, then ends in the present. It's more for the intellectual reader frankly.  It is thought provoking at it's best.  I imagine the author intended the story to be written this way, and it worked.
 Life in a small town vividly told through the eyes of a young boy when one long summer colored his entire future.  The characters are real and beautifully drawn. I felt like I knew them by the end of the book and grew to care about their futures.
 Simple, unadorned but poignant language conveying real meaning and emotion.  Faith, tragedy, and real people... not action novel heroes and villains, but real heroes and flawed humans, living life and struggling with faith, prejudice (of all types), and the weight of expectation.  Krueger hues the story in a hazy summertime time light and with the understanding of a then 13-year old boy in 1960s Minnesota.  The passage in which the book's title becomes meaningful is among the more bittersweet and hopeful passages I have ever read.
 We read this book for our book club and EVERY member loved it.  It reminded me so much of "To Kill a Mockingbird".  The characters were believable and the story was great.  So much discussion and things to talk about.  Highly recommend!
 We have enjoyed all of Krueger's Cork O'Connor series, but I liked this novel more than any of those. The 1961 setting in small-town Minnesota and the first-person narration really drew me in from the first chapter. I found this story to be similar in feeling to some of Jon Hassler's better novels, especially Grand Opening.<br/><br/>Additionally, the pensive mood and wrapup made my wife think of A River Runs Through It. If you liked that, or if you are a Hassler fan, give this a try. If you already like William Kent Krueger, you'll like this one a lot.
 At so many levels this is a really good read.  Only after reading did I learn this won an Edgar award for a mystery novel.  Oh there is a mystery that binds the story together but for me this was a deep book about "good vs evil";  the "grace unearned and undeserved" that we read about in the prayer book;  and the peace we fine if we fully embrace that grace; and for good measure there is also a prodigal son in the story.  I doubt the author or the Edger Poe judges had this in mind either but the more I thought about the award for a mystery novel the more I agree because faith isn't magic but it is very much a mystery.
 Written well, good mystery without much violence. Could sleep well after reading.
 Not very uplifting novel. A family saga filled with tragedy....hard to imagine how a family can cope with this much sadness. The time frame is also hard to accept,that this much can hit a small town un one summer.
 I knew this was going to be an extraordinary novel. Kent Krueger never disappoints, but his passion for this book was a foreshadowing of things to come. Ordinary Grace is a coming of age novel set in 1961 in a small, rural Minnesota community called New Bremen. Frank Drum is a 13 year old boy who tells the story of a brutal summer in New Bremen, one filled with tragedy and despair. It tells the story of Frank and his family and the community in which they live and how these tragedies affect each person differently. I took my time reading this book. In part, I didn't want it to end. But mostly, the writing is just so beautiful, I found myself re-reading passages, reflecting on the writing, savoring every word. I felt so completely immersed in New Bremen and the lives of Frank, his younger brother and the entire cast of characters, as if I were living then and there and part of the community. In this way, it reminded me of Mystic River, and how I felt reading that book--as if I were in the middle of that Boston neighborhood. This is Krueger's best book to date. And that is saying a lot. I know. I've read and enjoyed all of them.
 For years I had friends tell me I should read something by William Kent Krueger. I had one in my To Be Read Bookcase, but hadn't picked it up yet. Then came Left Coast Crime. I was attending and wanted to vote in one of the awards categories, so I had to read the books. I read Ordinary Grace. Those other books didn't stand a chance. The time period resonated with me and the kind of life we had in the early Sixties. The family felt like they could have lived next door. And then things happened that summer. I stayed up way later than I should have, but couldn't stop reading. How lovely it is to find a book like that.  It won the award too.
 Reading this book was like following a stepping stone path, with both expected and unexpected insights, horrors, and beauty at each step.  As a reader, I learned more about everyday gratitude, it's fundamental necessity, and it's healing power.  The writer's style reveals his comprehensive grasp of life's continuum.  What often seemed like a polarity was eventually revealed to have infinite nuances, sensitizing me against relying on black or white anything.  Beautifully written, wonderfully received, delightfully lingering.
 Not at all interesting. Actually very ordinary and forgettable. Good writer but not much of a story. Sorry I bought it.
 Ordinary Grace is an axtraordinary book full of questionable characters, lovable characters, and full of great life lessons if you read and think about what you are reading. It pulled at my heart strings and took my emotions in many different directions. An absolutely delightful book!
 Did not know how prolific Mr. Krueger was and had not read any of his stories before.  This story will be our book group's November selection.  The fictional town in the story is easily identifiable as a southern Minnesota community.  The narrator of the story is a young man growing up in a Methodist parsonage across the street from the church.  His father has three churches that he serves which is quite common in small communities.  The mystery portions were well concealed until the end of the book.<br/>Our group usually doesn't read books until they come out in trade paperback but two of us who wanted to read it now found that we were able to purchase extra copies from Amazon for a price that was acceptable to all our ladies! Thank you Amazon!<br/>I now will probably read other books by Mr. Krueger.
 I love the Cork O'Connor series and anxiously anticipate each book released by Krueger that expands on Cork and his family.  As such, I didn't know what to expect when it came to <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Ordinary-Grace-A-Novel/dp/1451645821/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ordinary Grace: A Novel</a>.  I was worried that it wouldn't live up to my expectations just because I'd have to get to know new characters and settings.  It turns out I needn't have been worried.  This is a great novel and Krueger's description of the places in small-town New Bremen and the people that make up small-town life are splendid.  I found this book hard to put down and hope that we see more books from Krueger in the future that step away from Cork O'Connor.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time, and I am avid reader. Recommend for just good fiction reading!
 What happens in a summer in a rural community in the 1960's is tragic and poignant.  Heartbreak, shock, hatred, acceptance and forgiveness are woven in the fabric of good people that are flawed.  The ending is sad  it powerful.  Most highly recommend. This would be a excellent book club choice.
 It's hard to know whether Ordinary Grace is an untypical whodunit or a story of a rite of passage.  Told from the voice of a thirteen year old boy it has all the elements of love, hate, fear, joy and discovery.  It wraps in a war hero father's hatred of violence and his wife's disappointment that he chose a life of ministry instead of a career as a lawyer.  It has heroes, friends, thugs, a closet homosexual and a likable native elder who brings a second spirituality to the narrator's consciousness.  I enjoyed it.
 As a person who considers myself Agnostic, this look into the hearts and minds of a family struggling with their faith in the face of loss really opened my eyes to the reason and feelings of those who have faith.  I appreciated the love, hope, and strength their faith gave them and for the first time in my life I didn't see it as existential flight from death and choice I've become accustomed to understanding faith to be.<br/><br/>I'm not saying I'm running to church on Sunday, but I actually caught a glimpse of why a rational intelligent person can have faith, and that's quite a lot for a little novel by a mystery writer.
 When I finished this book, I did something I haven't done since I was  child:  I turned it over and began again.  Ans it was even better on the second reading!  Since, I've bought three copies for friends.  Need I say more?
 i usually start a book and lose interest and never finish it...this book was great. I started it and loved it. His writing is great and I loved the time the novel took place (1960's).  This book is the first book I have read of WKK. I will be searching out which book of his I will read next!
 A very good read, flows nicely. Told from the perspective of the young boy when he is a mature man. Krueger captures his young self vividly, twists the plot so I stayed interested and developed most of the characters in-depth. There is a metaphysical element that I liked and the justice element is pleasing. He portrays the emotional ups and downs accurately. I am Methodist so the fact that his father is a Methodist minister kept my interest high. I liked how Krueger ended the novel. Very satisfying.
 I enjoyed this book - it was a slice of life with a thriller woven through it in a very realistic manner.  As you read, you think through your own values and family dynamics.  So many families have so much drama in the early years, and in the end, the lucky families make peace with what has happened in their early life and enjoy one another (something they should have been doing all along)!  I enjoy Krueger's writing style - it has a good logical comfortable flow with just the right tension with the plot.  Yet, is it powerful on reflecting on universal values! It has a good twist and turn in the story that brings you to a believable ending.  Lately I have been reading books that read so well but the ending is very disappointing!  Ordinary Grade is a  great read!
 It was an excellent murder mystery. A well-told tale that will  will keep you intrigued and and guessing the next twist on thrvplot. But it was much more than that. It illustrates the complexities of relationships,  the difficulties in truly knowing  prople and being able to predict their behavior.
 This is probably the best book I have read in months.  The story pulls you in straight away and keeps you right til the end.  The characters are so real and believable, I was sorry it had to end.  Loved this book.<br/>Highly recommended !!!!
 A book to remind you that God has a plan for us all, and it’s by his timeline that we may understand his grace and mercy.<br/>A book that takes place in what would remind you of Mayberry. Has sadness and yet tender forgiveness.
 Hard to get into. Slow moving in beginning. Good characterization ! Enjoyed watching the brothers develop into men. Enjoyed watching the ordinary graces they experienced in their lives.
 I have never been much of a mystery reader so when this was suggested for our book club, I was reluctant to read it.  It starts slow and the narrator is a teenage boy but it quickly catches you up in the story.  As one who grew up in the ’50s the setting was nostalgic and accurate.  I recommend it as did the women in my book club.  It was a unanimous favorite.
 This book was slow to get started, but then took off in all directions. It is a coming of age tale of 13 year old Frank.He learns more than he wanted to during the summer of 1961. Colorful characters decorate the interwoven text of mysteries and great life lessons . Our book club had a wonderful time dissecting the story and characters. It is a good read and I would recommend it to almost anyone. – - Nancy Anne
 I loved this novel.  The descriptive passages about setting were so beautiful and the characters spoke like real people.  The book shared some sensibilities with To Kill a Mockingbird with its strong father and a small town mired in mistrust and stereotypes.  Children of the 50's will find themselves transported back to a time that seemed safer in its simplicity.
 The writing, language and interesting characters - not to mention a storyline that kept unfolding I had never heard of the author before but seek out his other work. I read a lot of interesting stories, but the writing for this novel really kept me engaged.
 This book is full of suspense, mystery and has great inspirational messages. A definite must read. My new found favorite.
 A very good read about life and how differently we all see the same events. Life affects all of us in varying ways.<br/><br/>The story keeps you interested all the way to the end.
 Not the usual type of book you might read. Very different and very refreshing. Told from a 14 year old boys view, but not a children’s book. Interesting storylines. Trust me, you will really enjoy this book.
 I enjoyed this book. Set one summer in 1961 Minnesota, the young man is immediately recognizable yet unique - not a stereotype of any kind. His first person narration was so successful that I remembered To Kill a Mockingbird, which I had loved as a young man. The  family dynamics here were engaging, and the narrator's assumptions and judgments from 1961 guided me toward some satisfying surprises. Loved the ending. Independent 13-year-old Frank Drum grows up in a complicated adult world and tells us of his eventful summer decades later.
 I enjoyed this book (inclined to give four stars).  There were some fantastic passages, artfully written (worthy of 4.5 stars). There were also areas of excessive description (worthy of two stars).  The author held my attention. The ending made sense, which is not always the case in this genre.
 You know how when you sometimes finish a book, and you wish it hadn't ended? That's how I felt about Ordinary Grace. I was sorry it was over. The character development is superb, and Krueger found just the right voice for each person. At the beginning I liked the story, but didn't love it, but as I continued it began to envelope me. Although I figured out "who-done-it" long before it was revealed, it didn't take away from what I consider a gem of a book. Will highly recommend.
 I loved the ordinary characters and their flaws and good points.  Really enjoyed the story.  Couldn't do 5 stars because it got too slow and detailed in places that seemed inconsequential to the story and character development.  I also felt that the tolerant and accepting attitude of the main character was a bit premature for 1960s in rural America.  1970's and later, yes.  Overall, though, really enjoyed the read.
 Without providing a full a plot recap, which you can probably find countless iterations of elsewhere, I will say, briefly, that this is a fine novel, written as a retrospective account of a pivotal time in the narrator's life. Gracefully written, the author captures the sentiments of each unique character beautifully and simply. As the novel's mystery unfolds, i found myself captivated in a way I so rarely experience these days. This is a novel well worth the read!
 Perhaps part of my love of this book comes from the setting and the time frame, but even discounting those things, this is a wonderful book full of pathos and joy and love and wickedness just like real life!  This is the first book I read by this author.  Since this one I have read several more that were entertaining, but this one in my humble opinion is the best he has written.  Other reviewers have done in depth reviews that are much better than what I can write, but I must say this...READ IT. IT IS WELL WORTH YOUR TIME!
 I thought I knew who was evil enough to have committed these crimes but that person was just full of himself.  First story I've read about a ministers family.  I thought the minister had chosen his profession wisely or it had chosen him.  He was also a good father and friend.<br/>Husband material he was not.
 Great book which reads like “To Kill a Mocking Bird”. Many twists and turns along the way and s this book will also have you in tears. Enjoyed reading this and recommend to anyone who wants to revisit the innocence of a childhood summer with friends, the hard lessons of suffering and life, and the slow unraveling of a good mystery. I am glad to have purchased this on kindle. Well worth the purchase!
 A story of flawed humans told by a thirteen year old boy in rural USA in the 1960's. There is beautiful storytelling of tragedies as seen through his eyes. Ever curious, his rule-breaking actions take us with him into the thick of the plot. There is a perfect combination of child innocence and suspense.
 This is one of the best books I have read recently!  It was beautifully written and had several twists; a mystery and a little religion woven together, not in your face at all.  It had a nice plot. I really enjoyed it.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Generally I'm drawn to coming of age stories- especially those told by an adult looking back on a pivotal time in their life.  I would compare this book to Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird or the movie Stand by Me.<br/>Not only is the plot engaging but the prose is beautiful.  This author can craft a story and wrap it in eloquent language.
 Well developed characters with story line weaving a line between children, their parents, and other town members. I was delighted to see the inclusion of the information about the Souix uprising and preconceived notions about the event. Everyone at book club in SC was happy with the choice.
 Ordinary Grace draws you in right away. Written in the first person and set in the time frame of the early '60's it's characters are well-developed and multi-faceted. As the story unfolds the main character learns about life and it's frangility in a way foreign to most young people He grows and develops through these experiences to become the man of understanding and passion he is at the end. Buoyed up  by his stuttering brother, he learns wisdom, from his father, patience and enduring love. This book is well presented and it draws the reader in right away. I highly recommend it.
 I loved this book and thought it was one of the best I have ever read, really!  My taste runs "varied" but in comparison to what I like, I thought To Kill a Mockingbird was a perfect novel.  This novel left me with the same feeling of good in the world.  Great read!
 One of my only 5 star reviews, ever. Heart wrenching, great characters, loved the part of the story which ties into the title. Even if you’re able to guess The Who-done-it, nothing is lost. A most worthy book club pick as well.
 What a beautiful read. I am so used to reading Mystery, Thriller and Biography books, and caught up in the dulldrum of those, that I thought I would branch out to something a bit different. What a pleasure to have found this wonderful book. Reminded me of To Kill a Mocking Bird, but in the 60’s. Can not say enough good things about this book.
 This was such an enjoyable book--it was the way in which the author wrote and described both the settings and the characters.  It is also suspenseful--he wove such a good story through his characters that I just couldn't put it down until the end.  It would make a terrific motion picture, too!
 "All the dying that summer began with the death of a child." So begins William Kent Kruger's masterpiece. Right from the get-go you know there's going to be a lot of death and dying in this novel. Sometimes you see it coming and you just want to say, "Noooooooo." But by the time it happens you're prepared, not so much by the author's expert foreshadowing as by the measures of grace the author provides to balance the grief. Never have I read a book that so touched my heart with the grace. Ordinary grace in every sense of the word.
 I couldn't put this story down.  What a moving, emotional heart filled story.  This inspiring story makes me want to read it again.  I highly recommend this novel.  The author made me laugh,  smile, reminisce, hold my breath, be tearful and be thankful for the grace of God.  What an amazing story about life. Amen!  I'm hooked and plan to read more by this author.
 The book surely is full of grace--ordinary and extraordinary. There were a few too many crises crammed into one story, but each provided one or more characters with an opportunity to show and receive grace. The story was a good jumping off point for a book group interested in discussing  good vs. evil, grace vs. unforgivable acts or thoughts, I recommend the book for launching meaningful discussions but it is not a work of great literature.
 This book flows easily and is a great story.  The characters are vivid and relatable.  It is young adult book but I was unaware of that when I started it.  Didn't matter, as a 49 year old woman, I loved it!
 I am almost at the end and purposely have left a few pages for tonight.  The main character, Frank, is a kid I hate to say goodbye to.  There are some beautifully written passages that I have shared with friends.  Very enjoyable reading.
 I didn't want this book to end. The character development kept me wanting to spend time with the people in this book. The themes were those of hope, redemption, human failures and coming of age. The writing itself is really just beautiful. After reading some of the sentences, I had to go back and take them in again just because the wording was so well-crafted. I would highly recommend this book.
 I definitely could not put this book down - it is a very interesting and thought-provoking novel by William Kent Krueger.with the 1961 setting for the events that occurred  in New Bremen, Minnesota.  For 13 year old Frank Drum (a preacher's son) his life (and future life) were to change for ever because of the grim summer that year in 1961 when he experienced the frequent forms of death (nature, accident, suicide and murder).  The entire story is told (in Frank's perspective) 40 years later.  I could highly recommend this book............Annabel
 Perhaps because my grandparents lived in Duluth and I became something like Frank as we visited each summer, this book engaged me like no other has.  It brought me to the understanding of ordinary grace and its importance in each of our lives.  I believe you will be able to find yourself in New Bremen if you can just let go and come into this well told story.
 Wonderful book!<br/><br/>I haven't been reading fiction lately; I'm not sure why, but it just doesn't keep my interest. Years ago, fiction is what I mostly read. That said, I loved this book! It is such a beautifully told story. There are so many layers of depth and interest. This would make an amazing movie (hopefully, they don't butcher it.)
 This small town boy coming of age story renewed my faith in this genre.  Beautifully descriptive writing with the hook of a painful mystery kept me up late turning pages until the end. Faith, hope, and love are indeed within our power to choose.  I loved these characters and the unfolding of the entire story.
 This story is so moving...I really enjoyed the main character and narrator, Frank.  The story is told in a young man's voice, but such a thoughtful, brave and mature young man.  You can feel all the characters emotions from Frank's descriptions.  Although much of the story is about death, it's also uplifting due to the wonderfully intelligent, interesting and often forgiving characters.  Colorful, artistic and powerful book.  I loved it. This was my first William Kent Krueger book, but it won't be my last.
 I'm a pretty voracious reader and I've spent a lot of time reading books that weren't worth a lick. This isn't one of them. The author writes well, draws you into the story and keeps you immersed. You'll smile a lot and cry a lot. It's a story of growing up, love, hate, faith and sorrow. Thank you for writing a beautiful, heartbreaking, redeeming, hope giving book, Mr. Krueger.
 A coming-of-age story narrated by an adult looking back on one summer of his childhood. Yes, there were several murders and subsequent investigations, but the best parts of the story were about a young boy's growth in maturity, faith, and substance.
 Great book,  well drawn characters. Reads like a simple story, but there are many layers. Our book Discussion group found much to discuss and agreed that to any event,  there are many points of view. Well worth your time.
 Wonderful book. Well written. Great story about life in a small town and a family.  The book also gives us insight into the horrors/bad memories  that soldiers bring back from war. It helps us remember that soldiers from WWII and Korea also had problem dealing with repressed memories from war. It helps us realize that each man has to deal with these problems in his own way. The book also shows us how a family can be broken by a tragedy, but still come back together and heal.
 Really enjoyed this book. Loved the perspective from the kids point of view in such stressful situations. Good story, good characters. Suspenseful, easy to read. A page turner.
 This novel has many twists and turns, as it challenges faith, fear, death, and forgiveness. I found the story dark, but the message was full of grace and light!
 I was first drawn in by the plot and then by the characters. These were engaging people and unpredictable such that at no point did I guess where their lives would take them.
 This was the story of a family going through a summer of tragic deaths. The story is well written from the older son's perspective. It's a coming of age blended with murder mystery in a small town in the middle. A story that will keep you in suspense throughout.
 I liked this novel. I liked the reference back to life in the 60s growing up in a simpler place and time. The twists kept me turning the pages and staying up late to read. I would definitely read a another novel by this author.
 This book offers a lot of hope about having grace, a lot of compassion.  This is especially good for anyone who stutters (as I do) because this is where the compassionate part comes in and it seems that the author knows about stuttering as he seems to understand the condition so well.  Of course, there is much to tell about the story and is not just about these two boys but I would not want to spoil it for the reader!  Let's just say that it reads like a mystery.  Happy reading!
 This is a well written book but I felt a lack in empathy for the main characters. That may be because their backstories were not sufficiently explored but left murky and unexplained. That lack of depth made them feel incomplete and difficult to know. A somber book but easy to read. I just would have enjoyed more rounded characterization.
 A book of ordinary life events, no fast pace drama or thrill seeking adventure. However when it hits you that ordinary life has powerful meanings in the overall scheme of life...this book is earth shattering. You're reading and then you stop, closing your eyes and reflecting on the clarity of life meanings you just read and you just go WOW. I couldn't have read a better written book at this time in my life than this! Truly great.
 This is not a Cork O'Connor yarn!  I dove into this novel and was immediately drawn into it's world, being held captive and not wanting to be released.  It is rich with family and flawed characters who I couldn't help but love.  I was left  searching for more William Kent Krueger novels .  There are none to be found . . . Mr Krueger, may we have another?
 This is the best book I have read this year. It is like the movie Stand By Me with language as beautiful as an Anne Pachett novel or the novel All the Light You Cannot See. The plot is as easy to follow as an Ivan Doig novel. The character dynamics are like a game of jenga, with every page turn you wonder is this where everything tumbles.<br/><br/>It is a memorable book.
 This book just never did it for me. I never fully latched on to the story but it did find itself getting better towards the end. It starts EXTREMELY SLOW and picks up to the finish. Wouldn't put it anywhere my list of favorites.
 What a gifted writer and storyteller.  It is the prose you linger over to read through one more time because each paragraph is so beautifully crafted.  The story is compelling.  Enjoyed this book.
 I had read all the Cork books by William Kent Krueger, and so was intrigued when this book --  in a completely different vein than the Cork books -- was published.  But Krueger is a great story-teller, and my respect for his writing was only deepened by this book.  As I read, there was some resonance for me with Marilynne Robinson's "Gilead" and "Home"  -  all three stories are all set in small towns in pastors' families - though Krueger also has a mystery at the core of the book that needs unraveling.<br/><br/>Excellent book.  You won't be disappointed.
 Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger is compelling and beautifully written.  I found myself bookmarking many passages because of the wisdom they conveyed and the language used to express them.  With artfully drawn characters and many twists and turns in the plot, I could not put this book down.  I was hooked by the end of page one and when  I read and read again the incredible closing passage, I knew that this is indeed a transformative work. Ordinary Grace is filled with grace and awe that truly inspires. Highly recommend.
 I was very pleased with this book. It's a well written and compelling story. There's is some suspense, but also a nice pace that does not push the reader too quickly. There's time to enjoy the characters and the underlying messages. Religion is a theme, but not an overpowering one. The book is ultimately about the ordinary way grace can manifest itself in the midst of horrible circumstances. A book that can be read multiple times.
 I picked this book because I love mysteries, but I got much more than that with Ordinary Grace. It shows what happens to a family when terrible thing try to tear them apart. The murders are secondary to the story of how each person handles the tragedy of their loss. The young boys are perfectly portrayed and carry the story along while their parents and friends struggle to understand what has happened to their lives.
 I've read a ton of mysteries and, Ordinary Grace is one of the best I've ever read.  It was an Edgar Award winner so, the "experts" agree.<br/><br/>Part Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer but, wrapped in a very intriguing mystery. Lot's of other interesting adult characters, some of which speak to the depths of the human condition.  Ordinary Grace is way beyond the typical book found in the mystery genre.<br/><br/>Comparisons are unfair (and can be misleading) but, sentence coloring is James Lee Burke like.
 Well written and kept my interest. I began to get bored maybe 25% in but then it caught my attention again quickly. I was hoping for more closure at end, but it did have some. It kept interest by adding more tragic stuff in this small Minnesota town. Not so many characters so easy to follow. Told by a now adult as he relives a time in his youth, a summer that was full of drama. His own family was a tad broken but that just added to continue to read what they do.
 This book is one of the finest I have ever read.  Simple, poignant and moving.  Previous reviewers have described it more thoroughly and much better than I could, but it's impact on me was profound.  It's on a par with "To Kill a Mockingbird".  It will stay on my bookshelf forever and I hope to read it again and again.  I can't praise it highly enough.
 There were parts of this book I had to read twice.  It's just that good. It's not a mystery it's a spiritual journey full of wisdom  and  deep  understanding of loss.  The writing is beautifully done and  I came away with new insights on the meaning  of the dark shadows that haunts all of us. Gifted author,  and one of those books that will stay with you for a long time.
 I don't usually read novels. I decided to try this one and I'm glad that I did. You can learn things from fiction. Things like believing in ordinary grace. I will keep an open mind about reading fiction in the future. 👍
 This was a very compelling and well-written novel.  It was written in the voice of a middle-aged man, looking back on events of the summer that he was 13 years old.  It reminded me of “To Kill a Mockingbird”.  I hadn’t read anything like this for a while, so it was refreshing.
 I've read most of the Cork O'Connor books and was pleasantly surprised by this thoughtful,gentle, coming of age story that is a sort of mystery. It reminds me very much of "To Kill a Mockingbird" in its tone and perspective,written through the eyes of a 13 year old and his younger brother. The characters are beautifully drawn,complex and rich and the plot lines arc beautifully to the end. The setting is clearly familiar territory to the author and he evokes the time period of the early 60's perfectly. All in all, a very satisfying,touching story and worth reading.
 Lost innocence set in the gentle rolling beauty of the Minnesota River valley.  Complex, multi-layered characterization depicts the dawning realization of the young main character, Frank Drum, that motives and actions arise from the dichotomy of good and depravity that defines the human condition.  Krueger's precisely descriptive prose lured me into Frank's world, making me ache for him as he ventured further into the stark reality of the adult world.  This story touches the reader on many levels--the parental side wanting so desperately to protect Frank, the reminiscence of our own lost childhood innocence, the lush, idyllic scenery.  I've ordered copies for loved ones, and have ordered more of Mr Krueger's books for myself.
 This was not a book that I ordinarily would read but let me tell you it was one of the best books I've ever read my husband and I do a lot of reading some books I give away some books I keep this one I'm keeping you have to read this book it is a wonderful wonderful book the story was fantastic I cannot say enough about this book without giving a lot of it away just read it you won't be sorry
 A beautifully written book.  I wanted to savior every word and did not want it to end.... as I knew the last word would be like losing a close friend.  So, immediately upon finishing, I had to order another Krueger novel, and hopefully it will be just as beautifully written.  An absolutely wonderful book... very highly recommended!!!
 I absolutely loved this book!  I first read a copy from the library, and then I ordered it from Amazon so I could read it and savor it again.  As I was reading it, I was reminded so much of To Kill A Mockingbird, as the tone of the two books is the same:  benevolent father, 1960s small town, and an inquisitive child who is listening everywhere.  Even though there are some unexplained deaths in this little town, it is not a murder mystery as such.  It is just a beautiful, affecting book!
 This is a nicely done, well written novel that telegraphs everything pretty clearly.  I enjoyed it but don't think that it breaks any new ground.  The novel has a sense of decency and moral strength that runs through it but like it's protagonists it may have some difficulty in knowing what is right from what is wrong....or even if that can be decided.  Better than most of it's kind but not quite reaching the level of memorable literature.  It won't kill any brain cells that's for sure.  Recommended.
 I've exhausted all the books from my few favorite authors and I knew I needed to branch out in order to have something to read.  I don't know why I bought this, but I did and it was nostalgic and profound.  Too bad we can't go back to simpler times.  Would definitely recommend it.
 When three deaths rock a small town in northern Minnesota, a thirteen year old boys struggles to understand especially when one murdered girl is his older sister. His father a minister is just an excellent man throughout the story as told by the boy looking back when he is a middle aged man. Many lessons about family life and friendships are to be gleaned from this authors well written story. The book deserves five and half stars.
 I liked the authors style of writing. I also enjoyed that it included how God is important in our lives. I liked the characters. Not sure if I liked the ending, I wish that would have been different somehow. It did not seem believable..I enjoyed the setting, the family that most of the story was about and their good friend Gus, the town and how they helped each other out. I would definitely read another book by this author.
 Tender, probable and a book with "many lessons" that may be learned!  Mostly tolerance and understanding for the people in our lives.  The messages literally "bring one to tears"!
 Our neighborhood book club read and discussed this book yesterday. It was unanimous - everyone loved it! I believe that was the first time, after many years of monthly book club meetings that everyone agreed. Clear, concise writing style, great storytelling, and as a bonus, it takes place in our state of Minnesota where we are familiar with many of the cities and locations. I am now anxious to read all of William Kent Krueger's other novels - I ordered and just started the first in the Cork O'Connor series.
 Very well written and a warm thoughtful story.  Many from small town America WI<br/>like have memories of young life stimulated. The preacher father is a consistent spirutual anchor to the family and the town. Tragedy is common to us, and the view of tragedy from a young boys mind is insightful.<br/>Recommended.
 this is the first book i have read by william kent krueger and i enjoyed every word of it!!! i will definitely be reading more of his books in the future. "ordinary grace" was well written with believable characters and the story kept me interested through the entire book, i hated to say goodbye to the characters, a very thought provoking story which stayed with me for days afterwards.
 Reminiscent of Stand By Me and also a little bit of To Kill A Mockingbird. Author uses unique and beautiful language descriptions. Not to give anything away, but I felt there could have been a little more depth to all of the wonderfully developed characters in the end.
 I enjoyed this novel's plot, characters and the pace of the story as it unwound in the small Minnesota town.<br/><br/>I selected the 4 star rating because Ordinary Grace was an enjoyable, satisfying read , but not a great book that I would excitedly recommend to my wife or friends. The author's tale was intriguing. But, when I was finished, I tried to decide what I thought was missing. I realized it had an oddly familiar feel to it, almost as if I've read it in the past.<br/><br/>Of course, our ratings are very subjective. But, I will give very good books 4 stars and only great books will earn 5 stars.
 I could not put this book down. I found it to be much like my own memories of the time.<br/>The story is so real and tells the truth of growing up.
 Loved this book.  As others have said, the resolution to the mystery was a bit predictable, but nonetheless the book held me to its final words and beyond.  It continues to draw me in even after I've finished reading it, just like Robert McCammon's Boy's Life, of which it reminds me.  This book will keep you thinking about love, loss , family ties and bonds, and growing up.  I think books like this are a better direction for the writer versus the Cork O'Connor series which is becoming far less believable.
 Could not put it down.  I fell in love with the boys, their sister, their parents.  I am a fussy old lady school teacher and don’t handle poorly written novels.  This is simply perfect!!!!
 A slice of time when children felt safe; life seemed simpler then, Gus was a great character. friend of the boys’ father. He was a listener, and made good decisions. Interesting situations, not always good times in the family, but eventually it gets sorted out.Good suspense novel, and believable.
 A gentle, fine and subtle slice of literary Americana. Small town USA reflecting the golden era of the 1950s slipping away but with dark touches emblematic of the onrushing 1960s. Reading it, I was reminded of a Douglas Sirk film. Replete with memorable characters and a plot than unfurls with a steady and skilful craftsmanship. The author presents a wonderful evocation of an innocent America on the eve of great social changes. Nostalgic to be sure, but also meditative and ultimately spiritually uplifting. A beautiful rarity of a book about a pastor's family and loss and recovery. In an age of nasty serial killer novels and vampire mysteries this novel is special. Hopefully, it will endure over time and should become a school text.
 my wife and I loved this book; we have spread the word and passed our copies around our church; so far EVERYONE has enjoyed it .  Very nice work!  I've now ordered / received "Northwest Angle"  (another W.K. Krueger book ) based on his writing style and can't wait to start reading it.
 Incredibly good writing, story rolls along in compelling style.  Both heart-warming, and heart-breaking tale of God's grace.  Characters are all credible.  I'll read it again, keep it in my home library.
 This was a great book. I was interested in and cared about the characters from the beginning. It had me guessing at all times. I read it for our book club and it should be an interesting discussion.
 Darkness comes to New Bremen, Minnesota during the summer of 1961. A series of violent, tragic deaths shakes the community. The plot of the book deals with life and death issues, and deals with them compassionately. It shows that bad things can happen to good people and there is no rhyme or reason for them. That is the lesson, Frank, the thirteen-year-old narrator learns, and it is the theme of the story. Krueger is a gentle writer. He sees beauty in just about all things. This is a book that makes the reader better by having been exposed to Krueger's luminous writing. The story will stay with you for quite some time. It is an extraordinary coming-of-age novel. Frank Dunn looks back at the events of that tragic summer. Once you start reading, this book demands to be read, not only for the beauty of the language but for the lessons it is teaching. Ordinary Grace won the 2014 Edgar Award. I loved it.
 A good read. I call this a mystery because I love mysteries and am inclined to consider many things mysteries even if there is only a minimum element of mystery.  This is an interesting coming of age story; there are varied characters, a murder to solve and paternity to be established. The grace and understanding of the children in this book are remarkable and touching.
 I loved this book, the telling of events , from the perspective of one family member with other members creation to the same series of events. It reminds me of life, my life as a child and what really played roles in shaping who I am , my sister's do not even remember anymore. Acceptance of our past gives us freedom to move forward. And in this novel the story is a perfect example of exactly that. I highly recommend this book.
 I enjoyed this book very much.  I have read all of the Cork O'Connor series because of the setting and the character development being so rich.  And you tend to think that an author has found his groove and that he is comfortable and can't/wont deviate.  Mr Kruger, bravo, Sir!  This book is beautifully written and I will recommend it to all my reading friends.
 Once I started reading this book I found it impossible to put down.  The author deals with the issues of life and death with such compassion that the reader experiences the pain felt by the characters. And his description of rural Minnesota are so vivid that I felt like I really knew the place although, in reality, I’ve never been there. I highly recommend this book!
 A story of how we manage our way through the worst moments of our lives.  Despite what we think we cannot endure we do.<br/>William Kent Krueger usually writes crime novels, and his specific attention to detail and foreshadowing who is guilty make<br/>ORDINARY GRACE an interesting read.  Once I got wrapped up in the story, I found it hard to put down.
 A wonderful story, wonderfully told.  On a par with To Kill a Mockingbird. Almost like a southern gothic except the locale. I have recommended this book to all my friends.
 This was a wonderful  book so well -written  ,suspenseful.and with insightful descriptions of great characters, making them Peope you really care about. As I read it I realised that I had read this plot before,;another book where childen had to grow up too quickly because of a crime perpetrated by adults. These children also had a kind. Wise understanding mentor who helped them deal with mature problems. This other book was "To.  Kill A Mockimg  Bird". In it Atticus Finch shepherdedScott and Jen just as Rev.Nathan Drum was a guiding force for his two sons. Since the author said that Harper Lee's first book was his favorite one and an inspiration for "Ordinary Grace " it's easy to spot other similarities between the two. Both great reads.  JoAnne Schontzler
 I read this novel in two days, and yes, I have other things to do. Set in the early 60's, before America became unhinged, the story echos an  earlier America of  To Kill a Mockingbird in narration and tone. Characters are beautifully drawn and the plot will bring you into the very middle of the small-town of family, neighbors, or friends.
 A series of sad happenings one summer in a small safe place in the world and a safe time in two boys lives. I enjoyed this book and couldn't wait for the ending and then felt sad that it ended.  Such a loving family who experiences many sad events and it influenced two boys who really had to grow up all in one summer.
 This book is not just a beautiful story, it contains great truths about our perceptions and the way we mentally process the behaviors of other people, how that processing changes as we grow to adulthood, and about how we construct our own realities and memories over time.  Beautifully written, loved it.  It's a keeper.
 I was reminded of Stephen King's novel, that was made into the motion picture, Stand By Me.  Krueger presents a grown man's reflections of a single summer that shaped his life.  It has everything you want in a good story.  Singlular moments of total clarity, lush and evocative description, concise character development, and an ending that is full bodied without becoming tritely beribboned.  If you want a drama that plays with your emotions gently and respectfully, this is a good choice.
 Beautiful prose, sterling characters, back and forth mystery...a great book, and there aren't many of those around any more, with ageless appeal.
 Krueger reflects on the ordinary and the awful grace of God. It is a meditation on life and death and the power of our relationships.  Sit quietly. Sip some bourbon. Enjoy the musings of an excellent writer.  Proclaim your own Amen.
 In depth characters. Great story. Recommend highly. Only thing that took me away from the beautiful beach where I was vacationing.
 If you enjoy literature and a truly well-written book, read this story. The book is very different, unusual-but, oddly compelling. At times, the topic of a great deal of death is sometimes challenging. But the strong voice of a thirteen year old learning tragic life lessons is endearing and very engaging. This is one of those books you will remember for a long  time, like Huck Finn' s life lessons on the river; I highly recommend this in-depth, intriguing book. Now I want to read other books by the same author.
 In a cadence similar to Harper Lee, the author paints a picture of small town Midwestern life in post WWll while relating a tale derivative of a modern day soap opera  but it works.  The openness of small town life back then and a trusting population of adults that truly listened to kids harkens back to Ms Lee's dusty Alabama town and its population of mostly gentle souls
 This is a wonderfully written book, a limpid, clean American coming-of-age tale. It does not try to be "literary" or philosphical, but it achieves that, anyway. The author has a lovely, lyrical sense of setting and pace, the story follows a subtle, slow rhythm that is pleasant on the ear and eye. In a field of books where gritty and low-down seems to be fashionable, "Ordinary Grace" is a middle-class, middle-brow family story, a tragedy and a bit of a mystery, but always sweetly told.
 A well written story about life, family, loyalty and grace...<br/>God’s grace and two young boy’s ability to gain grace through the hard lessons of life that brings wisdom the key to such awful, but amazing grace....
 This is a thought provoker. The author delves deep into the life of a boy who begins the story with a caring, loving and mundane family. Though they have their problems as every family does, it is clear that he is content, supported and loved.<br/>What hit me hardest was the realization that what happened to Frank could happen to any of us. Perhaps not in the exact same way, but with the same result; a life turned completely upside down. A world that once made sense now terrifying, isolating and without answers.<br/>I became attached to him, to his family, and I rooted for them and wanted, maybe even needed a happy ending. For their sake and for my own.<br/>This is not a book you will ever forget. To me, that is the signature of a great read; one that becomes real and true. One that leaves you thinking, relating and maybe even crying when that book end finally closes.
 This is much more than just a coming of age story.  It is a look into the lives of those struggling to understand what is happening to them.  What a powerful read about the summer of 1961. It is a story about the awful Grace of God and the Ordinary Grace of God!
 It's been a long time since I was moved to tears by a book. Ordinary Grace is just that book - powerfully written, filled with the secrets, the small joys and the cruelties that comprise life in a small town. New Bremen, Minnesota is a microcosm of society as seen through the eyes of a thirteen-year-old boy and told in a very moving first person narrative by the narrator, Frank Drum, forty years later. The events that took place that summer in this small in western Minnesota left an indelible impression on Frank and, through the beauty of his prose, on this reader as well. The author has written a work of heartbreaking beauty that spans the life of one man and his family through its losses and sorrows, acceptances and regrets. I am looking forward to more stand-alone works by this author!
 My first introduction to William Kent Krueger in Ordinary Grace was amazing.  It is the coming of age story of a 13 year old boy in a small Minnesota town.  Now I'm deep into Krueger's Cork O'Connor series.  He has a wonderful way of making his characters real people you would like to know.  I can't get enough of this author.<br/>Simone Wolf
 This novel is set in the early 60's in Minnesota and is narrated by a 13 year old boy trough the prism of him as an adult now. A series of deaths rocks not only his community but his family. As a minister, his father believes that God must have a reason for what's happened. His mother is not convinced. So in part the novel is very much about grace and how we learn to live with the blows we ae sometimes dealt. I'm not religious, and like many Australians have a secret horror of religious fervour. But I found Krueger's exploration a gentle one and lacking in the obsessive qualities that seem to characterise much of the religious discourse in the US today.<br/>Ordinary Grace is lovely...mystery, coming of age and an exploration of what sustains us in the face of loss.
 Very interesting story, interesting plots &amp; turns in this book. I loved the father character, such a strong and compassionate man/minister.<br/>My first read by Krueger &amp; certainly not my last.
 This is a wonderful story written in a wonderful style.  It is reminiscent of Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird in that it<br/>recounts a long-ago summer told from the point of view of the adult looking back upon a time of very<br/>difficult events.  While it includes accidental death, attempted suicide, natural death and murder, it really isn't focused<br/>on the deaths themselves, but rather how the human heart comes to an understanding and acceptance  (or not) of these horrific events.<br/><br/>The characters are richly drawn, each struggling in his/her own way to resolve the horrific events of that summer.  Relationships are torn and mended, built and destroyed.  I am a great fan of William Kent Krueger's work, but never counted him as among<br/>the best.....until now.
 The author captures life through an ordinary family, a young son, and a summer punctuated by many tragedies.  The reactions of the people is revealed in all facets.  A father who is a stabilizing force, and the relationship of all people is important.  A great read you won't put down.
 This was the story of a preacher's family told through the eyes of a 13 year old son as he struggled to understand not only his own adolescence but the baffling murder of his lovely talented older sister. It's a small town story that examines the roll of religious beliefs in the face of a senseless killing and how a family and friends confront it and remain true to one another. Characters are compassionately drawn and the mystery behind "who done it" is there, too.
 Ordinary Grace was one of the best books I have read in the last year.  The characters were believable and so was the plot.<br/>It is an excellent read for young people and for eighty year olds like me.  I believe this book is destined to become a classic.<br/> It is about a Methodist minister and his family, a small town, four dead bodies: suicide, murder, natural, accident.  It is a difficult book to review without giving the plot away or misleading you about what the book is about
 This book takes place in the Mid West.  The story like is reminiscent of Harper Lee with a dash of Garrison Keeler!  Within the back ground of a fascinating mystery Krueger weavers a divine understanding  of God.  I loved every minute of reading this book and would recommend it to all ages.
 The grace around which this story is written is both "ordinary" and "extraordinary." This coming of age story explores the life of two brothers in a small town. Their parents are a minister and a complicated woman for whom religion is more of a burden than a guide. The time frame covers a single summer in the 1950's during which death is a frequent visitor to the community and family at the center of the plot. In spite of (or maybe because of) that, the book is beautiful and powerfully written.
 Beautifully written book.  It rather reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbird.  The setting is a small town where everyone knows each other.  The father in the story is a pastor.  He has two sons and daughter.  The older son one watches out for the younger one.  There is danger and tragedy in the book, but the simple and strong wisdom of the father reminds me of Atticus from Harper Lee's book.  Also, as in both books, it is a time of change and awakenings, where some innocence is lost, but wisdom is gained.  This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.
 Very much a combination of a nostalgic view of Midwestern living with an interwoven mystery. Good pace with good character development. Surprising to the end. Would make a good movie.
 Excellent book told in the POV of the main character, a 13 year old boy in a small Minnesota town in 1961. He's the son of a minister and has a feisty mother who really never signed on for being a minister's wife. But the father changed spiritually while serving in the war (WWII) and got ordained instead of practicing law. It's the story of some major life changes in the boy's life, and how he perceived all of it.
 Thank you to my friends Sharyn and Wendy for this wonderful book recommendation! I just really needed a book that I couldn't put down and this was it. A beautiful story with such wonderfully written characters - I miss them already!
 Maybe that should have been the name. This was a great read. At one point I could not put it down.  How special this family was. How real the characters were. The end was beautifully done. No lose ends.
 I loved this book.  I have to put it up there with one of my top all-time favorites.  I wanted to keep reading to find out what happened but I hated to have it end.  I read a lot and am pretty well educated but I must be kind of dumb because I didn't figure out who done it until the very end, unlike those who didn't like the book at all.
 This was a book club selection.  I probably would not have read it otherwise.  A new author for me.  Not sure if I will read any of his other books.  Beginning was a little slow but got better.
 The way Krueger writes the story of this man remembering a tragic summer in his childhood is absolutely riveting. I was hooked after the first chapter and then downloaded the Audible version so that I could listen to it while running, doing chores, etc. I could not put it down.
 Loved the "quietness" of the novel, and the old-fashioned characters.  I read this book a few months ago, enjoyed it very much, and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a heart-warming story.
 Just as you think you know who, what, when, how &amp; why, an unexpected twist will come along leaving you dumb-founded &amp; shocked. This is a good read.
 Couldn’t put it down until completed.  Excellent writing and great pace, plot.  Give it a try, you will be pleased.
 A heartfelt novel that makes you feel like you are living the story line. Impressed with the developed richness of the ordinary people in the book. They could well be your neighbors, a family member or dear friend.
 This is a beautiful book.  It's a large print edition.  I am wondering if we can get a Kindle edition of this same book book since we did purchase the Late Print Edition.
 Couldn't put this book down.  I finished it about two weeks ago and still find myself thinking about it.  I read so many books I often forget almost immediately. This is one I will remember and recommend to friends.  Powerful, moving, emotional, and the powerful (awful) grace of God that is ever present in all of our lives which enables us to survive the unthinkable.
 This was one of my favorite books our book group read this past year.  We had a great discussion about the twists and turns in the plot and the wonderful characters.  In fact, the characters in this book are very well developed and the story grabs your attention. The 1960's foods mentioned brought back memories.  It was difficult to put this book down!
 This is a story told by a young boy, Frank, who is now an adult. He struggles to understand events as they happen over the summer...the death of a young boy on the railroad tracks,  a homeless man dead under the train trestle, the death of his sister.<br/>As the days go by, secrets are revealed,  and Frank has much to think about and understand. He feels so many mixed emotions as he discovers truths about his family...mother, father, younger brother, and sister. I highly recommend it! There is lots of food for thought!!!
 I couldn't put this book down - and for those of you who have read some of my other reviews, I am very critical, and don't impress easily.  I have read so many books lately that were just plain mediocre - they were shallow, written for a young adult.  But in "Ordinary Grace" the characters are well developed, the plot interesting, and it had intrigue, suspense.  I highly recommend this book.
 I think I've now read all William Kent Krueger's books.  Last summer I binge read his series.  His writing is spot on, you can picture everything.  Growing up in Iowa, I can easily picture the area in Minnesota that he writes about.  His descriptions take you there, you understand the characters, interesting stories in all his books.  This review doesn't do his excellent writing justice.
 This story was so good, I read the book slowly because I didn't want it to end. The mystery so cleverly hidden I guessed wrong many times. I feel like I'm going to miss the Drum family for a while now.
 I’ve never read this author and the writing is exceptional. Characters were varied and interesting. Thoughtful book with depth. I enjoyed the journey into their world.
 Beautifully written. The murders and mystery are a backdrop to the coming-of-age story of a young boy and his brother. Murder catapults them both into an adult world they don't understand, a world  full of moral ambiguities. The innocence of their rural MidWestern life is ripped away and they are left to grapple with the meaning of life, love, and their relationship to God. Read this when you don't have much else to do because you won't want to put it down.
 I have reading about and thinking about the concept of God's grace a lot in the last few months, so the title of this book really grabbed my attention. I had hoped that it would help me form my thoughts on grace and what it meant to my daily life and it did not disappoint. The story is beautifully written first and foremost. Krueger transports you to a time and place and way of life that seems so lost to us. There is a slowness and deliberateness to the life he writes about and also in the writing itself. That is not to say that the life is not complicated or without freight because all life is, but Krueger manages to make it all beautiful. You can read the synopsis of the story in the description of the book which is simple in its loveliness. I enjoyed the book because Kreuger writes well and the story was well formed, but mostly for the reminder that the world is full of small miracles. We may not always get the miracles we are looking for, but if we can get up and go about our lives and notice the everyday miracles before us, our lives will be transformed by that beauty. Even that transformation will take time. My household is in a season of death, just like Frank was in the summer of 1961, and this message struck me with its simplicity and truth. A wonderful story with a powerful message both for when you are in despair and for getting through every day. This is ficition writing at its best.
 One of the best books I have read this year.  Excellent writing.  Could not put it down.  Written from the perspective of a 13-year-old, it is intelligent and thought provoking.  What touched me the most was the display of forgiveness by the family as all the graves are visited and that person remembered.  Looking forward to reading more from Mr. Krueger.
 I really enjoyed this book!  Reminiscent of To Kill a Mockingbird.  Ordinary Grace is a book of extraordinary grace.  😊
 Love, love, loved this book.  It's one of the best I have read in the last 5 years.  The characters and plot are well developed and realistic.  It is not a book you want to race through - rather, you want to soak up every word on every page, and it is still over too soon.  Can't say enough good things about this book.
 I absolutely loved this book. It was a bit reminiscent of To Kill a Mockingbird. Small town and written from the perspective of a child, some things that the young boy kept thinking about toward the end made me think the adults should have thought of before he did. I recommended it to a friend already.
 Beautifully written in a very unique voice, the story pulls the reader into the mid-century time period and the lives of the characters. Each character was lovingly developed, and it was a pleasure to spend time in the author's imagination. I read it all in one day, and I would happily read more works by the author.
 Great read ! Fast paced story told by a young man growing up in a small town in 1961. Many tragedies and yet the overwhelming story of grace and God’s mercy in times of tragedy.
 This novel is a grace well bestowed on readers. The story is narrated by Jake, looking back on the tragic events that occurred in his life at the age of thirteen but filtered through the understanding of an adult. It brought to mind the wonderful editor time can be for all our stories.<br/><br/>My favorite character is Nathan, Jake’s steady, unshakeable father who leads his family out of the rubble with a hint of what the Patriarchs exhibited when they trusted God with the events of their lives. In the midst of the mystery of all the deaths and murders, there is a thread of truth that is woven into the story. And it will whisper through you if you take your time in these pages.<br/><br/>This is a beautifully constructed story that I will not soon forget.
 A story that takes you there. . .I sat in the kitchen and I walked along the train tracks. The author took me there and kept me in the middle of this story from the beginning to the very last page. The mystery is easily guessed but that doesn't matter. The ordinary grace that walks hand and hand with this family is beautiful.
 I will look for more by this author.  It was spiritual uplifting in spite of the report of violent behavior depicted when the mystery was solved.  I would really like to know someone as kind, tolerant and wise as the boy's father.  I hope the author knew someone from whom he drew this character.
 I enjoyed reading this book.  The story reminded me of "To Kill A Mockingbird" in that it relates the experience of children during the summer of 1961 in a small town in Minnesota.  In many ways it was a more innocent time for children.  I was really kept guessing until the last few chapters as to what really happened to the victim.  i felt like all of the characters were well developed and the story kept me intrigued until the end.
 This author is amazing. I felt like I was IN the book as I read. The story was incredibly real and stirred my emotions at many points. Really outstanding read. I will miss these characters!
 This was a wonderful work of fiction that took you to a place over 50 years ago. It is the story of two young boys and their life changing summer. I liked this book because it carried you away to another place and time.
 William Kent Krueger's gifts as a writer tell a story as well as paint a picture. I wonder why some of his novels, and certainly this one, have not been made into movies. Everyone in this story is wounded and that ultimately provides the healing for the betrayed, the betrayers, the dead, the feared, the civil and religious authorities and the reader. Some might characterize this as a coming of age story because of the prominence of a 13 year old boy on the threshold of  young adulthood, but that would sell short the nuanced adult characters and a story of many layers. It's set in a small town and yet it is every town, whether or not it has a train track, a river or a mansion on a hill. Through the eyes of children we see parents/adults suffer and grieve, doubt and believe. Those on the fringe who live near the river and the train tracks help those 'in town' see the inescapable vulnerability of each person's journey in life. And appreciate its beauty and fragility when open to 'Ordinary Grace'.
 Wonderful book of a family in 1961,  There were 5 deaths that Summer that affected everyone in their small town.  Story about this family and how it changed their lives.<br/>I had tears at the end of the book<br/>It was nice also having it on Audible as I could listen when I was out walking
 What a great book.  I rarely read non-fiction, but this book has changed my mind.  For me, this book is up there with F. Scott Fitzgerald, another favorite author. I will buy more Krueger books, because in between the great story and events are the spiritual glimpses of life.  Not preachy or overbearing but honest and real.  Well done.
 The summer of 1961 starts with the tragic death of a classmate. Frank and Jake's first encounter with death, grieving, and seeing their town with new eyes. Seeing their parents as something apart from themselves. Learning secrets and the burden of keeping them and the consequences of betraying confidences. A good story.
 It's been a long time since I've read a book where every page, every little nuance rang so true. I loved the story, from beginning to end.
 This book sort of reminded me of "To Kill a Mockingbird"  .  The thought process of two brothers who were different and the same .  It is told in a narrative story line. I loved the story and the complexity of there childhood and how they were bound to each other.. I am recommending this story to everyone I talk to,  It is a great read !  I just loved them and didn't want the story to end.  Read the book and you will see what I mean.
 This book is written through the eyes of a 13 year old boy. With it takeing place in 1961 - He really did his research about the era and describes everyday life pretty much exactly how I remember it. It's very well written and - about 30% in - I reached a point where I couldn't put the book down. Finished the book in 3 days.<br/>Our local library is having a book discussion about this book, which I had never heard of - so I thought it would be good.
 I loved the small town setting and the 60's time period.  I loved the characters:  an extraordinary father/pastor and his  coming-of-age sons whose lives were dramatically altered in the course of one summer, a summer of four deaths, one a member of their family, yet the book was so uplifting. I loved ALL the surprises and twists in the book, some totally unexpected. But most of all, I loved how the family survived through the beauty of God's ordinary grace.  This was my favorite book of the summer!
 This moving story explores ordinary life and death, mystery, love, intolerance and joy. The flow of words caught my breath. I felt as though I was living through the eyes of the young narrator as he confronted the darkness and light that brought him into manhood, forgiveness, and grace.
 Predictable but super fast read.<br/><br/>I guessed the ending and thought all the eavesdropping via the pipes was a goofy device to let us have information.<br/><br/>Nothing great here.
 This is an enjoyable murder mystery that takes place in a small mid-west town in the early 1960's.  It sucessfully manages to re-capture a view of the world as seen through a child's mind.  The characters have complex emotional baggage, and that, of course--is what makes them believable, real and connects you to the story that plays out over the course of one summer.<br/><br/>One of the characters is a minister, and so there is a heavy religious component, but it is off-set brilliantly by a character that captures and respects the point of view of a reader who may be atheist or agnostic.  So there is a balance and it does not require you to have deep faith in order to respect the story-telling.<br/><br/>The story itself, the mystery, is not overly foreshadowed or something you see coming a mile away.  And though it is not entirely a surprise, once certain aspects are revealed-- it nonetheless gives the reader an "Ah-Ha" moment when the dots are connected. Here is where aspects of the story that were clues to the ultimate outcome are remembered and the subtlty and cleverness of this author becomes undeniable.<br/><br/>So why not five stars?  Well, without revealing key plot elements I will simply say that I found the ability of some of the characters to accept and move past an outcome a bit inauthentic given certain aspects of their personalities. I also found a fundamental element of one of the character's personality to be dealt with in a way that is a bit anachronistic given the time period of the book.  It seemed smoothed over with contemporary morals and beliefs that do not accurately depict how this subject matter would have been treated in that time-frame.
 While a novel from the point of view of a 13-year-old boy in a small town in 1967, make seem quaint or nostalgic, the boy, his parents and all of the main characters are fully drawn, complex people. The writing is straightforward, but extremely effective at bringing the reader to new points of view. One of the best novels I've read in years.
 If you liked "Stand by Me" by Stephen King, you'll probably like "Ordinary Grace" by William Kent Krueger which is about a boy and his brother and their friends who play on the railroad tracks that run through their small town in the early 1960s.  The book begins with a boy's death at the tracks and ends with another upsetting death and a plot twist.
 Nathan is a Methodist Pastor who has experienced war which transformed him from a hard driving Lawyer to a deeply spiritual man who understands the calamity of life.  He is the central character who molds his sons as best he can through faith in God against challenges from his wife.  The 1961 world of a small Midwestern town is clearly described.  The characters are true and believable.  The reaction to tragedy was completely believable and moving.  A good read with a soft Christian message.
 I think Ordinary grace took a while to get to the got my full attention, that happened toward the end of the book.
 Just enjoyed it and thee forgiveness aspect!  We need to remember to forgive all those who hurt us and the life for the raw deals it brings.
 This was one of those books you can't put down.  I recommended it for our book club and everyone really like it.  There are several twists and turns so the ending it not predictable.  The characters are very well developed and the author made you feel as if you were part of the town.
 The wisdom  imparted in these masterfully crafted words transcends the raw criminal aspect. The mysteries of the human heart yet again. Beautifully done.
 The author expresses himself through the narrative of a young boy about 11 or 12, the depth of his thinking and the wisdom he learns from his parents and others around him ia profound. I felt disappointed through most of the book because I figured out the mystery, but I came to realize that the mystry was not the point  but the pathy to self-knowledge and self-love.<br/>I am looking forward to his next book is this genere.
 Ordinary Grace is not only an excellent mystery (it won the Edgar Award for best novel the year it was published), it is a fine novel.  William Kent Krueger is known for an above-average detective series, but Ordinary Grace is his best work thus far.  There are a number of deaths in the novel, including a murder, but at bottom this is a story of a family, narrated in retrospect by the oldest son concerning the summer he was 12.  The characters are finely drawn--not a cliché in the bunch--and the younger brother is a masterpiece of invention.  Krueger has written what he calls a "companion novel" to this one, which is to be published in Spring of 2016.  I will be the first to order it.
 Great book, really enjoyed the story of a young boy growing up in the 60’s. Love the ending also hate to admit I had a tear in my eye.
 I cannot believe such a masterpiece was written by an author I never heard of.  This book is a modern novel on par with the classics you were forced to read in high school when you were possibly too young to fully appreciate them. Both the characters and the effortless and beautiful simplicity of this writing are astounding. The plot mesmerizes and even works as a mystery. The story has a lot of weight but moves with a light energy and quickness.
 I enjoyed reading this novel. Just the right amount of drama for my enjoyment. I am going to consider more of the authors books,
 Ordinary Grace is a very well written book with some plot twists but more of a "coming of age" for a teenage boy during the 1960s.  There are deaths in the small town that affects the townspeople and a death that hits his family especially hard.  There was certainly some nostalgia for me having grown up in a very small town with occasionally some small minded people.
 I really liked this book.  William Kent Krueger is an excellent story teller and he uses proper English, unlike a lot of contemporary writers.  The story is humorous, tragic and memorable.  If someone asks months from now what Ordinary Grace was about, I will remember.  There are life lessons in these pages.
 The story was very captivating and kept you involved.  As each chapter unfolded there were some elements that were predictable, but not so much that it lost your interest.  I would definitely recommend and would be a great book for group discussion.
 This was my second WKK novel.  Loved it but not as much as the first.  I look forward to my next selection.  Each character was detailed and complex mirroring our neighbors, aquaintenances and families.  Almost Norman Rockwellian in the form of prose.
 Frank and Jake are just boys in the summer of 1961, when they are introduced to death. When a young boy in their Minnesota town dies in a horrible accident, they have no idea that death is not finished with them and will touch them again very soon, and much closer to home.<br/>This is a wonderful coming-of-age story with well developed characters, that conveys an excellent sense of time and place.  I hated to have this story end.  Excellent.
 I enjoyed the setting of the book. It was set back in the days before cellphones and every home having cable and flat screens.  I feel like I was reading about an Andy Griffith time again.
 Just a terrific novel.  A little slow at first but well worth reading. Richly textured characters within a nuanced, multi-layered narrative. Not quite as good as A Prayer for Owen Meany but pretty darn close. Highest possible recommendation.
 For anyone who grew up in a small town where you could ride your bikes wherever you want, or go down to the river, or knock on someone's door and play in their yard, the book is nostalgic. But more interestingly is the story of the people and every day miracles that make up our lives and our history. Loved this story and these characters.
 from the opening paragraph to the closing one, i found it hard to put this book down.  the author skillfully weaves a story of suspense and heartbreak. a mother's worse nightmare, that through an ordinary grace is redeemed. this my first Krueger read, but definitely not my last!
 Moving, personal, realistic portrayal of life in 1961 in a Midwestern town. A spiritual account from a boy's perspective. Good reading.
 Ordinary Grace was a nice story with many moments that allowed the reader to stop and reflect in their own life and even apply to their own situation.
 As a long time fan of Krueger's Cork O'Connell series, I picked up "Ordinary Grace" on a whim.  What I discovered was a minor Minnesota masterpiece.  This story had earthiness, pathos, wisdom and plot.  Told in the first person by 13 year old Frank, this story is about the tragedies this young rebel and his family suffer one summer of '61.  The only stories that typically move me to tears are the ones where the dog dies.  The pathos in this story frequently wetted my eyes, several times I exclaimed with delight at some happy twist in the story and often nodded at the wisdom spoken by the characters. This is a great story, well told and full of midwestern earthiness, joy and a deep sense of faith.  This is by far Krueger's best most complete story and a real gem.  I rarely read books a second time but I think "Ordinary Grace" will be an exception.
 Both my husband and I loved this book.  The characters were fully developed, believable, and interesting.  The main character, a 13-year-old boy, was a delight.  The role of the minister shone in the book as someone who had a longer vision and a more appreciative of life, philosophical, and generous spirit than is usual among people.
 Ordinary Grace is by turns moving, funny and compelling.  It is a coming-of-age story, a chronicle of prejudice in America, a tale of the divide between haves and have-nots, a parable of grace, and a murder mystery.  Oddly it works least well on the last front:  it is too easy to guess the culprit.  But after winding through the twists and turns of the plot, this seems like a small price to pay.<br/><br/>Overall, highly recommended.
 This is an easy to read, but hard to put down book.  While I feel that all from their mid-teens and upward would greatly enjoy this book, I do believe those who might identify with the age of the lead character and the environment of a small town during '60s thru the '80s or so would "own" many of the circumstances of this book.<br/><br/>It is exceptionally well written, and a fun to read book.
 This is a beautifully written book about a boy coming of age and dealing with adversity and death. Although it is full of tragedy, it is a very uplifting story. One of the best books I've read in quite a while.
 Ordinary grace was wonderful!  I loved every page. I had my doubts when I first stared it, thought slightly old fashioned. I soon couldn't wait to turn every page. I cried at many parssages and even re-read certain paragraphs. Haven't had a book I have done that with since Pat Conroys, "Beach Music" years ago. I downloaded Mr. Krueger's " Iron Lake" book 1 part of his Cork O'Connor mystery series. Hope it is just as good as Ordinary Grace.
 I happened upon this book on Flipboard.<br/>I read a sample on my Kindle and was hooked.<br/>The story has everything; suspensse, laughter, sorrow but all in all just a great story as told by a pre-teen boy as grows up.<br/>I love it!!
 The 5-star value of a book is shown  by the magic which makes one read it, or at least part of it, again and again. This book did just that to me, hence I am giving it five stars. JPB author and reader
 The narrator, Frank Drum, is a middle-age man looking back on a summer in 1961 in  Minnesota, when he was 13.  Five deaths shook his family and their community in the Minnesota River valley. The first death was of Frank’s friend Bobby who was killed by a train.  The question is whether he was pushed or whether he stood in front of it.  More deaths follow, one of which rips apart Frank’s family.
 A Master of Description<br/><br/>This was a feast from beginning to end.  The writer's description of each character gave each one of them an intimacy that I felt I knew<br/>them personally.  A wonderful story and I am happy I bought it in book form because one other person read it and raved about it to the<br/>extent there is a line waiting for a turn.  I enjoyed it to the Max.
 Beautifully written and filled with characters that the reader really cares about, this is one of my all-time favorite books. It's a poignant, funny, heart-breaking page-turner.
 I liked the character development, the story line, it held my interested throughout and loved the message of "ordinary grace".
 What a great, well written and nostalgic story. I identified with it particularly as the story connected with small town America in the sixties. The "fault lines" of religion, prejudice and wealth disparity meeting the obvious contours of familial love and friendship are very striking. The descriptions of the places made it very easy to put yourself in "that place" and become part of the story.
 This is just a great read, and my first experience with Mr Krueger's gift of words.  It is a book for everyone, and I don't believe there was a page that I just skimmed over because the story holds together so well.  I did not read it all at once, but it stays with you, and draws you back.  I am looking forward to reading more works by this author.
 A marvelous book that is pitch perfect in time, place, and events. More than a page turner, which it is, it's an affirmation of life and Grace in the midst of the most terrible of circumstances.
 Wonderful book!  Many books take some time to get to "know" the characters and even then, the characters aren't developed enough to get the true nature of that person.  Not so with this book.  I got into it right away and it kept my interest throughout the entire book.  I would recommend it highly!
 I grew up in Minnesota in the late 60's and early 70's. Some of his the descriptions took me back to that time and place. Great story, memorable characters, and a captivating thread.
 Enjoyed reading this novel, I liked the first person narrative as told by a young boy, it added to the enjoyment of the story being told.This novel also had many twists and turns and a very interesting cast of characters.  Sort of reminded me of that movie called "The Summer of 42", although it takes place in the 60's.
 I loved this book about the events of one summer from the perspective of a thirteen-year-old boy. It is a great coming of age novel that shares Frank's innermost thoughts and struggles. I loved his father, who was so kind and patient, and Jake, Frank's brother, who often acted as Frank's conscience. Underneath it all is a mystery that keeps your attention as you wait to see if it will be solved. I loved the character development, the honest mistakes of a young boy, and his attempt to forgive himself and others.
 I've been telling everyone to read this extraordinary book! A top ten favorite for me.
 "Ordinary Grace" is no ordinary book. The story of Frank and Jake as they stumble through a summer of grim events, is told by Frank 40 years later. Thirteen year old Frank is realistically portrayed as he gains wisdom and truly learns of God's grace. The novel is gently written, while telling of violent acts in a small and sleepy Minnesota town. This is a summer must-read!
 So fabulous to find a simple, moving read in which the characters stay with you longer than the book.  I simply enjoyed this novel by William Kent Krueger and now have started to read his "pop" fiction mystery series.  This stand alone novel is simple, pure and honest.  I can't express my level of satisfaction in finding a great book to read.  My last favorite was " All the light we can not see".  Though  not as complex, nor deep, Ordinary Grace will immerse  the reader in small town in Minnesota during a simpler time.  Such a great book and well with the read.
 Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger is anything but an ordinary book.  It is filled with wonderful insight, characters that you grow to know like your own friends, lives that are rich and bountiful, despair and heartbreak, and spiritual wisdom that takes a place in your heart.<br/><br/>The book is narrated by Frank Drum in the year 2001.  It is about his memories of one summer in his life 40 years ago.<br/><br/>Frank Drum is thirteen years old and a bit of a rebel.  He is the son of a minister and a mother who loves music and did not plan to be married to a minister.  Originally, his father had planned to be a lawyer but the experiences of war changed this.  It is  the summer of 1961 and Frank lives in the small town of Bremen, Minnesota where his father has his primary parish.<br/><br/>Jake is Frank's younger brother who is wise beyond his years.  He has a stuttering problem and does not like to speak much.  People often think he's simple but he is very smart and observant.<br/><br/>Both boys are very independent and incredibly adventurous though they are also respectful of adults.  They go to three church services each Sunday because their father conducts the services at three small community churches each week.  Their mother runs the choir.<br/><br/>The book is about many things but it centers primarily on the coming-of-age of Frank Drum.  The story opens with death - the death of a young boy on the railroad tracks.  He was known as being simple-minded and the town is not sure whether he was murdered or just did not pay attention to the oncoming train.  It is followed by the death of an itinerant man who is found by Frank.  Further deaths follow and the boys try to get their heads around all this loss.<br/><br/>Frank and Jake spend a lot of the book trying to make sense out of death and despair as there is a lot of this in the telling of the story.  While Jake has a deep faith in God, Frank is not a believer.  As he says, "In his sermons my father often talked about trusting God and trusting that no matter how alone we might feel God was always with us.  In all that terrible waiting I didn't feel the presence of God, not one bit.  I prayed but unlike my father who seemed to believe that he was being heard, I felt as if I was talking to the air.  Nothing came to me in return."<br/><br/>I thought a lot about the title of this book.  Augustinian Grace is a beautiful thing, a rare gift from God to the chosen few.  The Grace that Frank's father talks about is a heavy `gift'.  "There was a playwright, Son, a Greek by the name of Aeschylus.  He wrote that he who learns must suffer.  And even in our sleep pain, which cannot forget, falls drop by drop upon the heart, until, in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace of God."  To Frank's father, grace arrives from God and through the pain of grace comes wisdom.<br/><br/>This is a novel that is filled with spirituality, philosophy and wonderful characterizations.  The people I met will stay with me a long time and this will be a book that I will not soon forget.
 I really enjoyed this book. Good story, interesting characters, and well written. It's a good read.
 Ordinary Grace reads as fluidly as To Kill a Mockingbird, and its characters are as lovable and flawed as anyone I know.  Ordinary Grace should become part of the fabric of our American culture. That's very high praise, I realize, but I feel it is deserved.
 Such a well written book. Life can be unexpected and it was a bittersweet story of how people respond to things and helps the reader consider many viewpoints. I had a sister pass away as a child so I could really relate to all the characters and their form of grief.
 this was a very good book. Once I started to read it I couldn't stop. It really made you think how fast our life will go and to treasure every minute.
 A beautifully written book.  Although the main events of the book--several deaths--could be seen as dark and sinister, the book is actually gently, subtly, and compellingly about life, family, understanding and growth.
 I read a lot of mysteries, and about half way through, I figured it out.  So, I was disappointed...wasn't crazy about the book as a whole.
 This is a very good book.  I found I was wanting to get back to it.  The author is talented in his writing I believed it was a young boy who was telling me the story.  I laughed, I cried, I was inspired.  I loved the ending (no spoiler alert here)  I recommend this book for teenagers and up.
 This book is set in a small Minnesota town in the summer of 1961.  The first person narrative of a 13 year old boy tells the story of his family and the momentous events of that summer.  Even though this is a murder mystery, there is an almost palpable sense of goodness about most of the main characters.  The author has also captured the atmosphere of a simpler time in a small town.  I was sorry to see this book end.
 This story reminded me a lot of "To Kill a Mockingbird" - because of the coming of age of the storyteller and the emotions and life's realities.  I am so glad I read this book.  It's one of those haunting stories that stays with you for a long time.
 A young boy and his brother grow up during a summer of accidents and death.  Set in Minnosota, the reality of this novel is strong, compassionate, humorous in places, and speaks strongly of coming of age.  Excellent, worth reading twice!
 This book is destined to be a classic coming-of-age novel.  It also packs a mystical punch where good come from tragedy.  There are various twists and turns that are both surprising and disturbing; and expose the prejudices of the period.  You may be surprised to find it may evoke latent prejudice as the plot and characters evolve.  It's a novel you don't want to end.  Beautifully written and suspenseful.  A must read.
 I love this story of a family living in a Minnesota small town. Being from Minnesota I can appreciate many of the fine points in this book.  The young boys run around from river to  town and back home again with few worries.  Hard to believe the deaths of that infamous summer. Stories about small-town life are intriguing to me now that I'm away from that life. It brings back many memories. This book was a very enjoyable read
 A touching coming of age story with such well developed characters that could be real-life friends. The tension, unexpected turns, resolution, and reflective ending made this a memorable reading experience.
 Good read....starts a bit slow..but will keep you entertained... read it...you will not be disappointed.  That's all I got folks.
 The is a real page turner even if the end is somewhat predictable.  The father delivers a sermon about 60 percent through that are some of the most beautiful words I've ever read.  Don't go straight to the sermon as it is even more lovely in the context of the story
 Excellent novel!<br/>Characters were developed well and truly believable.  Given my age and growing up in the early 60's in a small town with a strong connection to the church and in a county within driving distance to a reservation, I feel I can honestly vouch for the authenticity of these situations.
 From the first page this story is powerful, gripping and intense.  Luminous story telling with strong and flawed characters. What a great read.
 This book was written so well.  It's a sad story but uplifting and such a pleasure to read.  I will be reading more of Mr. Krueger's books.
 Hi. I liked the character development. Also the subtle buildup of suspense. There were elements where mysteries continued to be mysteries throughout the book.
 Franks recollection of life, death, family, God, Friends, memories, insults, anguish, loss, and forgiveness will keep you focused until the very end
 From the very beginning, the author's "voice" was so clear, that I actually heard the protagonist speaking the words in my head. This journey to a different time is beautifully written and evoked the sense of time and place with stunning clarity. LOVED IT!
 The difference between this book and the typical coming of age story is the wisdom of the narrator. He tells the tale of his childhood from an adult perspective of understanding and forgiveness, while still being able to describe the emotions and thoughts of a child. It was a very effective method of putting the reader into two time periods-- re-living history while also feeling the impact of those events on the protagonist's future self. Loved it.
 Moving , thoughtful and complex. very well written- a truly engaging novel about tragedy, love, grace, faith, and healing. Beautifully simple with wonderful character development.
 Written so beautifully it makes you ache for the sensations of summer when you were a kid. A very special experience. Highly recommend for everyone.
 I strongly recommend this novel!  1961, is a bit before my time but I could still relate with Frank and Jake and life of a boy in a small town.  I think what is great about Krueger is his characters are so real and relatable.  Although it is a mystery, it does read as one until later in the book and is more about small town life.  I have read all of Krueger's Cork novels and liked them but this one is way above them.  I think this would make a great movie.  Do yourself a favor a pick this one up and experience a great novel!
 This story is an engaging read and an extraordinary and moving experience.  Great!
 I'm a big fan of William Kent Krueger. I've read all of his books but this is far and away my favorite. I'm a pk ( preachers kid ) and grew up in a small town so I could relate to parts of this book. But more importantly it's a very fine, well written book. Great characters, setting, dialogue and a great plot .
 This is a wonderfully written book that creates beautiful and awful pictures in your mind, just like life.  The story is told in the tense of a man remembering the summer of his 13th year and the joys, fun and hurting of his experiences and family.  The grace of God is a string theme thought out the book and how many except, reject or embrace that grace.  Love, death and friendship are the powerful experiences for this boy, family and town.  Great read!
 One of the best books I have read in quite a while!  Made me order IRON LAKE to start off his Cork O’Connor series!  It’s nice to find an author who uses words “gracefully “.
 An extraordinary novel, combining a narrative one wants to follow while using beautiful world pictures. The reader can just about smell the nearby river in this 1961 Minnesota rural setting. It's al about losses, coping, growing up, and the meaning of grace. Wow!
 Wonderful read. When you finish you want to find another book that’s as captivating, hard to do.
 Good character development and evocation of an era that was nostalgic for me.  Then writing was natural and the story line compelling and well presented.  I will moist likely reads more if this author. This book was recommended to me by a friend who was from rural Minnesota and grew up in the fifties and is very fond off this writer.
 I loved this book!  Rarely do I happen on a book so beautifully written that when I found myself speeding along to see what happened, I consciously made myself slow down and even go back to savor the writing.  This is a gem of a book with so much that stays with you after you have finished reading it.  I wish all the books I read were this good.
 THis is written through the eyes and experience of  13 yr. old Frank Drum, his season of growing up and the sorrows of every family. It is well told but this " coming of age" genre is somewhat overdone.<br/>Krueger's writing style is easy but descriptive and this book flows quickly to it's rather predictable finish. I am a huge fan of Krueger esp. the " Cork" novels. This is a good stand alone, not his best by any means , but I am glad to see that Mr. Krueger is branching out.<br/><br/>Gerald Coulter
 I,like many others, am totally in love with Cork O'Connor.  So I was somewhat hesitant to "try" a different Wm. Kent Krueger endeavor.  I had talked with the author at a meet and greet and he stated that he thought this was his best effort yet. It is.  I could not put it down.  His description of life in the early 60's was right on the mark. I had some suspicions of who the culprit(s)was,  but still was surprised. Although I will always welcome a new "Cork" novel, this was a great read as I wait for him to appear again.
 Very enjoyable. Keeps you on edge and is very moving. Recommend it highly.  Characters are well developed, believable, and interesting.
 I wasn't expecting the beauty of the writing, the complexity of the characters or the intricacy of the relationships. I figured out the mystery early on, but it didn't detract from my enjoyment of the book.
 I loved this book. Great writing and the story was relatable to a time 1961 that I can remember.
 Love, Love, Loved this book!  Beautifully written, and wonderful for both men and women!  I couldn't wait to pass it on to my husband when I finished it!  Thank you W. Krueger!!!
 There are many good things about this book.  William Kent Krueger writes well, and some of his descriptive phrases border on poetic without being distractive.  The little details that anyone who grew up in a small town in the 50s will instantly recall—workup baseball, meals with spam as in ingredient, model airplanes, baseball games on the radio, etc.—were a pure delight.  More importantly, he, like the title itself, he exhibits an graceful attitude towards all his characters.  Flawed they may be, but he clearly likes them all and sees at least some good in even the most reprobate. And, as someone who also spent a number or years as a parish pastor, I am appreciative of a mostly realistic portrayal of ministry, its challenges as well as its opportunity to touch lives in meaningful ways.<br/>And yet, for me at least, this book never came alive.  The characters never seemed quite real.  Some like the Indian warren Redstone seem more a caricature than a character.  Gus seems  without any personality at all, unless you consider “nice” a personality.  One sympathizes with Ruth Drum for calling her husband “Saint Nathan” as he seems too good to be true.<br/>Perhaps part of the difficulty is that plot appears to take precedence over character.  I guess that is to be expected in a mystery writer, or maybe it is that basically “good “ people don’t on their own generate enough friction to drive a plot. For example, one significant plot turn is introduced with “And then an extraordinary possibility occurred to me…” even though there had been virtually nothing up to that point which would have led a thirteen year old, much less most readers, to that conclusion.<br/>All in all, this is a good book on the subject of grace.  I just wish it had been great rather than just ordinary.
 Those of us who came of age in rural America in the era of this book readily identify with the characters and quirks of rural or small town life. This is a poignant tale of love, loss, and miralces. It is a thoroughly enjoyable read that evokes, at times, strong emotions. The writing is superb and the character development is excellent.
 I loved this book. It speaks to how difficult life can be, while illuminating God’s grace throughout these times.
 I thought this was a very good book. Read it for our book discussion group. I liked it particularly because it avoided the story telling cliches it could have exploited. It's original and very finely told. Top story telling.
 A lazy summer for two young boys turns into a season of learning who to trust, that people and things aren't always as they seem, and hard earned character lessons. Several mysterious and heartbreaking deaths effect a small town, and two brothers become involved in solving the puzzle of the killings along with their father, the town pastor. I don't usually read mysteries but this book had great character development and kept my interest. Definitely recommend!
 This book may be one of the better written books I have read<br/>Excellent character development and a truly heart touching and compelling story.
 Really enjoyed this book.  Well written, fast paced and just plain fun!
 A family struggles, some with grace and some without, to make sense of a difficult year.  The book handles the struggles lovingly.  A remarkable father/pastor follows and leads his family.  So fearful book.
 A gorgeous book that had me in tears.  lt has stunning ideas and quotes I want to remember.  I have shared it with my family and friends.  I even had my husband read it, and he prefers books such as Jobs.I loved the children and kept wanting them to be more careful.  It was a joy to read and it touched my heart.
 A minister and his family are always held to a little higher standard of conduct,  yet they are just ordinary people with the same challenges, faults and  fears we all have.  This story of a minister and his wife (who didn't want to be the wife of a minister) and his two boys (who struggle to be the model "preacher's kids.").  It is said that "grace" is a gift that is undeserved and unmerited.  This is a story of ordinary people who receive grace throughout their lives in extraordinary ways.
 This was a really enjoyable book.  A coming of age story narrated by the main character.  Well written, sensitive and satisfying.  The characters really came to life for me, the lessons subtle but prevalent and the story flowed.  The ending was not a total surprise but not obvious without a lot of guessing. I absolutely recommend this book.
 The story is told through the eyes of the narrator's as He experienced when a boy. He describes his relationships, the mysterious deaths in town and growing up in a small town. I found the book suspenseful and enlightening.<br/>When I finished, I immediately downloaded another book by this author.
 I fell in love with characters immediately.  There is a little bit of everything in this book.  Racial intolerance, sexual orientation intolerance, domestic violence, love, heartache, people with disabilities, stuttering, deafness, blindness,  Great read.  Reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbiard.
 The author created a story that told about a minister's family as written by a son. It shares the ups and downs of life and maturing to forgiveness and amazing grace. Beautifully written book.
 The basic story is interesting but was a little wordy. It seems like some of the long descriptions cod have benn removes as it became tedious after reading for a while.<br/>The storyline was great and full is suspense and difficult to determine who the "perpetrator " was. What a surprise. In spite of the wordiness it definitely a good read.
 I liked the perspective of the narrator looking back on events that shaped his childhood. This is a beautiful coming of age story with a somewhat predictable storyline but with great surprises in each character's development that made me like each one. I liked this book!
 I inadvertantly ordered hard copy instead of kindle book-I am happy that I did - I could have cancelled order,but<br/>I feel this book will be read by many of my friends. It is so well written, and I think this book, like Nicholas Sparks,will stay with me.  Never heard of author but was selected by amazon  as one of the books for April.<br/>I read a lot-this is a must read.  Kent Krueger I will read more of your works.  Excellent!!
 I don't think I have ever described a book quite this way .  The words were soft, and the author used them so well together.  I  enjoyed the story. I think it was realistic in the way the characters thought and related to each other.  An enjoyable read.  Try it, you'll like it!
 This book is so beautifully written and the characters so well drawn that you were invested in them almost immediately. It was our Mystery Book Club read for June and the solving of the murder was secondary, to me, to the dynamics of the families. Not an Ordinary novel
 William Kruger did a marvelous job bringing these characters to life in a small town in the 60's. A little "To Kill a Mockingbird" and  a little "Stand by Me." A pleasure to read this book.
 Perfect tale of life in the early sixties in Minnesota. Great character development. The story brought back so many memories of my youth at that time and also of how much influence the church had on me as a child. I finished the book in two days because the wonderful writing kept me very interested. My only disappointment was that the youngest character was a bit too mature for his age and somewhat unrealistic.
 This book is such a pleasant story of one summer in the life of a boy learning about relationships. He encounters  death in his town, all different and moving. Since his father is a minister, there is the reverent approach to life's lessons.
 Read this book for our monthly bookclub.  Everyone enjoyed the novel.  We all had different takes on the main characters and it was a lively discussion.  I particularly enjoyed the pace of the book, the author sets the tone of the book with his description of the town and the homes..you wanted to read it slowly and get the full picture in your mind. This was great book club pick!
 A little slow reading but very moving and stimulating wish more people would adhere to the principle of family and goodness
 This book is full of surprises.  Excellent descriptive writing.  I felt like I was back home in a small town in the early 60s. Definitely a book worth reading.
 This novel is very compelling and hard to put away. My whole book club was riveted with what would happen next, especially with all of the tragedies that occurred in the summer of 1961. Krueger is a master of plots and a remarkable writer. I will more than likely read another book by him.
 Well worth your attention. Enter the life of the Drumm family.<br/>You won't be disappointed. Characters well crafted. A page turner.
 The story is ostensibly about a murder but for anyone who's buried a sibling or a child and seen the effects of that death I not just themselves but their family, the real story here is the despair that exists all around us and the miracle of the human spirit to survive and even thrive.
 I loved this book.  It was a coming of age book, clearly, but so much more.  A young boy who deals with the 5 deaths during a short period of time and helps us understand the meaning-and lack thereof with those deaths.  The book is well written, and one is sorry to arrive at the final pages.  The title is so apt and reminds us that the greatest insights we have come from some of the most ordinary events.  This is a book well worth reading
 So discriptive and I fell in love with all of the characters in this beautifully written novel. It is his best!
 Being a freshman in college and living in small town America at this time. I can relate to feelings of the people as individuals and community.  I have recommended it to many, men and women. and have not heard one negative comment.  I have even had positive emails about the book.  It is a real winner, even though a friend took it to a reading to be autographed and recommended mentioning a crazy Finn in the signing.
 when you cant put a book down you know it'a a winner. Great story, great characters, kept me interested until the final word! I will read this author again.
 Others have said it better. I will add just that our bookclub of 5 all read it. We were 100% thumb's up. Put it on your short list to read. It's a keeper.
 Oh how I could relate to the time period having grown up in the 50's and 60's. This is a wonderful book that will touch your soul. How innocence meets tragedy and the overwhelming turns to adulthood. Wise and insightful, yet the struggle with faith through life's hard lesson are all questions that we ourselves have asked at some point.  I highly recommend this book, it will restore your faith.
 Fascinating story with wonderful interesting characters and many unexpected twists as n the story. Just when you think you have it figured out some new piece of information is added.  This book is hard to put down
 One of the best books I have read in a long, long time. I didnt want it to end. Krueger's writing reminded me a bit of Pat Conroy's style and as far as I'm concerned that's as good as it gets. A great read.
 A wonderful book examining the impact God has on this family.  Not a religious book, rather a book examining how faith effects individuals in different and profound ways.
 The book was interesting while being read.<br/>It was read for a book club and I had to read it a second time to remember what happened.<br/>Plot has twists, most characters fleashed out but one of main characters, Areil is just a shell.<br/>Will not give away the plot by telling why that is important.<br/>Easy read.
 I almost didn't read this book, because there have been too  many coming-of-age books.  However, after reading a review in the local newspaper, I decided to try it, and was so glad I did.  Along with a plot with interesting twists, turns, and revelations, it has wonderful characters and excellent writing.  Some passages are almost poetic, in particular the sermon after one of the tragedies.  Sorry to be so vague, but I don't want any spoilers.  Altogether a really good read.
 Read for a book club. Amazing novel built around the deaths of five characters, narrated by a boy of 12 and himself as a 40 something. A strong undercurrent of religion in the part of the boy's father, but never preachy. Wonderful description of area and character development. I loved it.
 A good read about a town and its people.  Grace is rendered in a surprising way.  A good to take with you on vacation.
 I fell in love with this book and the people and places in the book.  I like coming-of-age stories especially when there is some mystery mixed in.  If you are looking for a book you can settle into, this would be a good choice.  I am pretty sure most of what William Kent Krueger has written are detectives novels or police procedurals, which I don't find as interesting as stories of people interacting with one another.
 This was a very good book.  The characters are all very well developed, and the story line pulls you in.
 Wonderful writing.  This book will stay with  you long after the last page.  Can't wait to read another book by this author.
 This was one of the best books that I've read in quite awhile.  The characters are well developed and dynamic...in one moment you agree with them, in the next you are questioning what they are thinking.  You see the good and the bad in each one of them.  I loved them all.  Some great plot twists keep you reading to find out what happens next.  In my opinion, it's a must read.
 I chose to read this book as I recovered from surgery. I wanted something that kept my attention and wasn't too difficult to read.  It was perfect. I reminded me of the small town I lived in until I was five. I could relate with town and characters.
 Ordinary Grace is well written, easy to read and hits all the targets; coming of age, religion, small town prejudice and mystery.  Highly recommend the read...
 I can't see how anyone could not like this book. The main character is a charming young boy and the story keeps you going at a steady pace. It was one of those books that are hard to put down.
 This book caught me from the first page, and didn't let me loose until the end.  It is told through the eyes of a 13-year old PK (preacher's kid) in 1961.  It has all the elements of a good story--mystery, adventure, friendship, love, hate, devotion, doubt, lessons learned and redemption.  This would be a great book for a book club.
 I haven't finished this book, about 1/2 way through...but I'm telling you to read it.  The writing is beautiful and will capture you, I feel transformed back in time. One of those rare books, when your busy doing something else and in your mind you go back to the story, like its something that's actually happening 'to you'.  You think about the characters and can't wait to get back to reading.....I'm going to be sad when I finish this book......
 Thought it was very good. Has some colorful language, but since the main character is 13 during the telling of the story it sort of fits. If you have a particular offense to the language then it may not be the book for you. I did enjoy the book. It is a wonderful story of trial, forgiveness and redemption.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time!! A story about a very tight religious family. The relationship of the husband and wife was full of inconsistencies. Each of the young people were strongly influenced by their Pastor father. You feel the emotions as this family faces personal and community tragedies. The father (Pastor) never strayed from his religious beliefs. This is a must read!!
 I was hooked from page 1 and finished it. Had to have more. Very gifted writer.
 I enjoyed this book very much and would recommend it to anyone. It arrived in good condition and timely.
 This is a great book! The first I've read by the author so I didn't know what to expect , I have not read his other award winning  books. The events taking place make an unusual  story,  the characters I feel I know,  the beautiful writing will be remembered.<br/>What a great movie this could be. Fingers crossed. CG
 The father in this story is truly a hero to me.  He was so patient, kind and understanding.  So much went on in New Bremen that needed understanding.  The love that Jake had for his brother was sweet and touching.  I felt empathy for the mother since I have gone through losing a brother and my mother was a great deal like her.  I am looking forward to reading more of Mr. Krueger's novels and wonder why I'm just now discovering him.
 This lovely and lyrical novel will remind readers of A Prayer for Owen Meany or To Kill A Mockingbird, as a coming-of age-novel narrated in reflection many years after the pivotal events that shaped the lives of the characters.
 I led the discussion of this book for both my book groups.  The response in both was that everyone loved it.  The story gives the reader hope in the face of stunning tragedy.  The writing is rich with beautiful subtleties.  It reads fast but you're going to want to either slow down or read it again so you can enjoy them.
 Another family dynamics novel.  A coming of age for the two boys and perhaps, for the parents.  A little too somber for my taste.
 Really good book. Can be a bit depressing and sad at times. Characters are well developed. It was easy to feel each of one the character's pain<br/>as the story unfolded. Some twists at the end....a story that stays with you for a while after finishing the book. Highly recommend.
 I really liked this story. It was simple but well wrought. I felt highly satisfied after finishing this. Having dealt with death at a young age I could relate. I loved the younger brother. This story had a heart and left you feeling good
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  Small town living…..adventures of the children….member of the community and church.  I loved it and hated for it to end.  You want be sorry if you buy this book.  I will be reading more by this author.
 I was completely engaged from the beginning to the end of this remarkable story about one eventful summer of death that defines the future of two young sons of a Methodist minister.  It was less about death and mystery and more about human relationships and the strength of family.  One of my most favorite reads. I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a book that touches your heart and  helps you see things in a different light.
 This is a finely crafted and written piece on rural life in Minnesota in the 50s, postwar trauma, growing up.
 This sad but insightful tale is less about murder and more about "God's awful grace."  I loved being a part of Frankie's life in the summer of. 1961.
 Good character development. Suspense. Descriptive dynamic of family in crisis.  I felt like these were real people. I would recommend to my friends and family, even my older grandchildren(18+)
 This novel is set in Minnesota and features the life of a pastor's family in small-town America. The story is well-paced and beautifully told. The character's are well-developed and fully 'human'. It is a story involving flawed creatures but one in which their ultimate humanity yet shines through This intriguing tale will likely captivate you as it did me and may very well leave you with moist eyes and an ache in your heart.
 I really got a lot out of this book. I liked the descriptions of life in the country in the 60's. I also grew up at that time but in the city. Throughout all the tragedy that occurred the family came through it and became a strong family again.
 I had not read any of Mr. Krueger's work prior to this novel. I found it to be an enchanting narrative...well scripted, words paint vivid pictures, good character development.A very good read and I would , and have, recommend it. I'm now off to some of his other works...
 i thoroughly enjoyed this beautifully written book! i came to love the main characters. this story is sad, sweet and even made me think of my own childhood at times! definitely takes you back to a simpler time! nothing too suspenseful, yet at no time did it drag. just a beautifully told story about a tragic summer in a family's life. definitely worth the read!!
 I have only just discovered this author and this is my first bok. This is a great book with complex characters. I will be reading other books by this author. I really like his description of the Minnasota landscape and the times of the 1960s.
 What a nice story. Intriguing, thought provoking and hard to put down. I didn't want it to end. Good in depth character development. Don't hesitate deciding whether to read this book. Read it!
 I realized I had read the novel before so am critiquing it from previous knowledge. I love his writing and remember what<br/>a beautiful story it is.  If you haven't read the author previously, try to do so. It's worth it.
 Ordinary Grace is the best book I have read in the past year. Mr. Kruger nails the timeframe of the story.  His characters  behave in ways that are realistic and he moves the story line along so that the book is very hard to put down.  It's mysteries are for the most part solved while captivating the reader with every page.
 I loved this book.  The characters were very well drawn, and I especially loved Ruth, the mother.  I agree with some of the criticisms of the plot--the boys listening through the furnace vent was overused, but it didn't spoil the book for me.  Although it takes place in Minnesota, it has a very languid, Southern atmosphere.  It was very absorbing.  I want to read more by this author.
 Thoughtful, well developed characters.  I am not even finished with this book yet but felt compelled to write a review.  I am really enjoying this story, it's very well written and the emotions are so real.  The story pulls you in and you become part of it.  This is the first book I have read by William Ken Krueger but it won't be the last.
 I found this book while trolling for a good read late one evening. I'd not heard of the book or the author. Having grown up in ND in the same time period as the novel, I made my selection. What a find!  Beautifully written, this coming of age novel had my attention from page 1. Do yourself a favor and read Ordinary Grace. You will enjoy it!
 While I rated it with some violence and some sexual content, there is very little of either.  It's an interesting story on many levels which begins slowly but reaches the point where one wonders what will happen next.  It is good for a book club because there can be discussion on the mindset of each of the characters.  I liked it
 A new and beautiful version of To Kill a Mockingbird. Certainly not the same Southern venue, and instead of an attorney we have a preacher. But it is narrated from the point of view of child coming of age, has characters falsely accused of murder, and a vivid small-town atmosphere, beautifully narrated.
 This is the first by William Kent Krueger that have read. Loved it.  Loved the character development, the way the story was told, the suspense and the wonderful ending. Highly recommend!
 GRIPPING STORY...STARTED OFF SLOWLY, TOOOO MUCH DESCRITIONS, BUT IT GOT REALLY INTRIGUING.
 All I can say about this is "wow".  I loved it.  Even though I thought I knew who did it, I was never sure. This one was suspenseful to the end and so tragic.
 Excellent story and characters.<br/>An ending that was  unexpected, yet expected ...<br/>This book is the first I've read by this author, I will read a second.
 This is a mystery, set in rural Minnesota, and told from the view of a 13 year old boy. It revolves around a Methodist minister, his wife and three children (two sons and a daughter). In this quiet town, nothing ever happens, until the summer when there are five brutal deaths. William Kent Krueger is a mystery writer and this is his first stand alone novel -- beautifully done! (There is a rumored sequel!) The fact that it is told by the 13 year old boy, brings back a more innocent time of growing up in the Midwest. I've sent this novel to friends in the Midwest.
 This is an excellently written novel.  The author's depiction of both the surroundings and dialogue make you think you're an invisible observer.  It holds your interest and is hard to put down.
 Excellent novel. Had me guessing till the end. May be the best book I’ve read this summer!
 My favorite book this summer- and I read a lot! Loved these characters and the way the story was told.
 I read this years ago, so I don't remember how the story was narrated.  I remember the story was intricate and had lots of stories among the family and friends.  It was so well written; you felt like you knew each of the people in this story.  A wonderful, wonderful book.
 Even though I read the book all the way through, I found it to be morose and heavy. The epilogue was the only thing that redeemed the story.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Taken from the perspective of a 13 year old boy, this story is about a family who lives in Minnesota in 1961.  Without giving away the plot line, just know that it involves a mystery and the relationships involved with the 13 year old.
 This story was gripping and kept my interest for the entire book.  The setting of small town MI with a preacher's kid as the narrator was compelling.  I heard this book as an upcoming Book Talk recommended on the local radio station, WISR, Butler PA and then purchased it for my kindle.
 A coming of age, a family member gets murdered, mystery. It is well written like all his stuff but i like his mysteries better, Nothing to make this work stand out. i am still a follower of his books and I finished this one and was satisfied with the outcome. If I had it to do over I would have read a book like Boundary Waters instead.
 Couldn’t put this one down and neither will you.  Fantastic story, a lot of twists.  Would make an excellent film....
 Like reading "Stand by Me" with a little Mystic River thrown in.
 Story line was excellent, kept you guessing.  This was just a lovely, lovely story about family.
 Good book, enjoyed traveling down memory lane with nostalgic feelings, things and places dear to our hearts on how our Country was in those years. The story-line is captivating, sometimes tragic, other times light and innocent. Overall, well written and enjoyable.
 Story is told by an adolescent boy set in the 1960's (?) age of innocence. Even though there is sex and violence in the plot, there is no descriptive details so it may be a good book for juvenile readers also. It was a book club choice and it sparked a lot of conversation mostly regarding what we thought of the characters and how there lives were intertwined.
 I loved how the story is woven together. Very well written. And how the religious aspect fell and then came back into focus was thoughtful. Reall good summer read!
 Love it! It was recommended by a cousin in England.  I will be reading more of his books!
 I enjoy coming of age novels and this is one of the best I have read in quite some time. I do wish Mr. Krueger would have taken a few more chapters to wrap up rather than a few paragraphs.
 This is a story that will touch your heart. Suspicious deaths in this small Minnesota town in the early 60's shake up the people and the ones they love. You will fall in love with the character....... Well most of them. Great read.
 This book is a good mystery but beneath the mystery is the shape of families and small towns and the clean, hot smell of Minnesota summer carried by the river.
 The further along I read, the harder it was to put down.  A long time since I read a book that involved any kind of religious depth to it along with a a neat plot.  I will recommend it to others.
 This book is wonderful.  It has a great heart, it's thoughtful, contains goodness and compassion in the face of difficulty.  There is a little violence - not described as such, for the most part, but it does refer to several violent deaths.  There is the implication of sexual content, although it's not described, either.
 I ordered it for book club and it wasn’t bad!  It was an easy read!
 I liked the book and the author’s writing style. It was one of those books you don’t want to put down.
 This book has helped me a lot to deal with a recent loss in my life. It was a well written story and was a triumph for a family in the grips of an earth shattering loss. It was recommended by a friend and I am so glad . I need to buy a hard copy so I can mark it up to remind myself when I start feeling sorry for myself.
 I stumbled upon this book searching for a new mystery novel and it was a treasure. Nostalgia, suspense, and stunningly beautiful prose. I got completely immersed in the world of this book such that I can still see the images in my mind.
 Krueger develops scenes and characters with descriptions that bring the events to life and stimulates your imagination. The Drumm family survives unthinkable. tragedy and finds strength from each. other.
 This is a great book. I grew up in a small town in Iowa and this book could have easily been set there instead of Minnesota. In just over a month I've recommended this book to others and at least 10 people have read/listened to it due to the suggestion. Grace is a word i think of often, try and define it and try and live in a manner consistent with grace, and that's a tough chore. This book gives you lots to think about along the lines of grace. It's a nice story as well. I'll always remember this book stating we are all only one breath away from being with those that have passed before us. I truly hope so.
 A "Coming of Age" tale that was one of the best books I've read this year. There is a mystery involved, which made the story especially interesting, and you won't guess the ending! The descriptions of this writer are wonderful, and the plot and characters will pull you in, and keep you engaged throughout the book. My book club all loved it.
 I loved this book, couldn't put it down.  The characters were believable and lovely.  The way the author wrote about forgiveness and grieving was very moving and very true to the actual experience of it.
 A good read especially if you are a midwesterner. It took me back to memories growing up in Minnesota and the characters are pictures of fond memories as well. The plot twists and surprises along the way although predictable in its ending. I love the pastor / father character and his faith remains stable when challenges arise. This book is especially recommended for anyone of faith and who appreciates those days when things seemed slow &amp; easy.
 I loved this book!  It grabbed me from the very beginning!  I would highly recommend this to anyone who loves a mystery and a family saga.
 It's not bad.  It's not great, either.  I found myself skipping entire paragraphs....and I didn't miss anything of significance.  Grab this book if you just want a "meh" read.
 EXCELLENT--I WAS SO INVOLVED WITH THIS STORY AND LOVED MOST ALL THE CHARACTERS.<br/>HE IS A VERY GOOD WRITER . I THINK SOME OF HIS OTHER BOOKS ARE GOOD ALSO,BUT VERY DIFFERENT. HE KEEPS YOU INTO THE  S TORY AND YOU CANNOT WAIT TO TURN THE PAGE TO SEE WHERE THE STORY TURNS NEXT.
 This was the best, most enjoyable book I have read in a long time.  It kept my interest from beginning until the very end.  I guess I would call it an "old fashioned" book with a story of small town America in more innocent days when families were close to one another in their behavior.  Even in quaint middle America, shocking things happened, tears were shed, and life was handled as best they could while hearts healed.
 Very easy read and solid character detail.  I recommend this book to anyone, but especially those familiar with southern Minnesota.
 Great characters, well written. It is a page turner. It probably deserves five stars but that is reserved for just a couple of my favorite books. I really enjoyed this book and it is a great book for a book club discussion.
 Set in Minnesota, blending native American culture into the plot was interesting, and lent itself to the introduction of some good characters.  Sometimes, the culture sections seemed to be overworked and not especially designed to further the story.
 I have not read a book lately that has such descriptive and lyrical writing. The story is also compelling, but I appreciated the style and use of words that the author employed as much as the story. I'm surprised that I did not know about his stories about the Minnesota cop, but I am going to try them soon.
 Could not put it down, great character development, transporting in time- I sobbed at the epilogue.  Will look for more from this author.
 This book has so much good meaning behind it, after so much loss the main character still triumphs over it!  Great read
 I have always liked William Kent Kruger's mysteries and was surprised that the location and key characters, which were always a part of the northern Minnesota area with a  a deep respect for the Native Americans and their wisdom, is not the backdrop of this book. So at first I was surprised with this small town on the Minnesota river and a story told through the eyes of a thirteen-year old boy. This was quite different. But as I got into this story and setting I discovered how beautifully Krueger writes and how carefully he develops his characters. I had a hard time taking breaks because I knew more pain would invade this so-called peaceful  town.  The personalities and conflicts are true to life. This may be his only book with these characters.  "Ordinary Grace" is really about grace with integrity.
 A moving story about a town, families, loss and how everyone experiences things differently.  For some reason the narrator's voice was the same and the narrator of A Christmas Story.
 A literary masterpiece. The author has a firm grasp of family relationships and how they endure despite loss and pain.  The characters and dialogue are believable and well limned - the intrigue keeps the pages turning and the final outcome takes the reader by surprise.  The references to the terrible price of wisdom and the awful grace of God were piercing in their beauty and meaning. This book was read by my reading group and received 4 and 5 star reviews. Moving, relevant, evocative one of the finest novels I've read in a long while.
 Loved this book! Beautiful literary style, reminiscent of the style in which To Kill a Mockingbird was written. The characters are developed<br/>in a way which brings them close to your hearts. They are simple and complex. The town is like most small towns but reminds us that people are people who disappoint us and amaze us.
 Beautifully written book, very evocative of time and place,  I found myself reading every word, never skimming, as the language is so rich.  Very believable story with plenty of twists but never anything done just for sensationalism.  Highly recommended!
 This book was somewhere between a coming-of-age book and a murder mystery. Both were well done. The writing was beautiful and full of detail, reminding me of my own childhood in the early 60's. The narrator's family was believable and likeable. The premise of the book was fairly original. It's been a long time since I enjoyed a book so much.
 There was a good balance between very religious characters and other nonbelievers.  In the end all could choose their acceptal path.
 Flavor of John Steinbeck!  I felt so connected to the characters, I cried when I finished the book and had to say "goodbye". Although that could just me needing a real life. 😜 Nevertheless it was thoroughly satisfying!
 Many novels take place in an earlier time, but not all have the ability to evoke feelings of nostalgia and perfectly capture times gone by. Authors like Larry Watson have done it (with novels like Montana 1948 and American Boy), and with his new novel, Ordinary Grace, mystery writer William Kent Krueger has done so as well.<br/><br/>The book takes place in New Bremen, Minnesota in the summer of 1961. Thirteen-year-old Frank Drum is on the cusp of young adulthood and he occupies himself the way most boys his age do--hanging out with friends, trying to get a glimpse of women whenever he can, wanting to be treated like an adult, and simultaneously protecting and bullying his younger brother, Jake, who has a debilitating stutter. Their father, Nathan, is the town's Methodist minister, who hasn't quite shaken the horrors he experienced in World War II; his mother, Ruth, isn't quite satisfied with life as the wife of a minister, and pins all of her hopes and dreams on her daughter, Ariel, the boys' older sister, who is a gifted pianist and musician about to attend Juilliard on scholarship.<br/><br/>When a young boy is killed by a train, the idyllic nature of New Bremen begins to shatter. And when questions about whether the boy's death was an accident begin to arise, they set into motion a number of discoveries and serve as a catalyst to several other tragic events that summer which rock Frank and Jake to their core, making them question their parents, their faith, and those in authority, and cause them to deal with feelings of guilt, anger, sadness, and betrayal.<br/><br/>This is a well-written, slow-moving book which doesn't surprise, but it does pull you in. The characters are complex and well drawn, and not entirely sympathetic, but you are still interested in finding out what happens to them. I found the resolution of the major crime in the book a little too predictable, but liked the way the book wrapped up. My greatest frustration, however, was how so many of the events were set into motion simply because Frank or Jake were either bullied into divulging secrets or felt bullied into keeping secrets they shouldn't have. It reminded me a little of Atonement in that way. I know that younger children do blurt things out but the fact that it happened more than once--and that those in authority manipulated this information--weakened my fondness for the book a bit.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace perfectly captures a time and a place that no longer exists. William Kent Krueger is an excellent storyteller, and although I found the book frustrating in places, it is still tremendously readable and well-written. But if you're a fan of Krueger's mysteries, be warned--this is fiction with a touch of mystery, not a thriller.
 A gently written, moving story of a family with rather conflicted visions.  Likable characters who work out their individual lives in ways, sometimes remarkable, sometimes tragic.
 The story itself was a surprise to me with the title-a pleasant, catching surprise.  The story was captivating with me trying to figure out who did what; and even feared for some of the characters.  It certainly could be real life with it's real people.  Loved it and the ending with it's transformation.
 This book took you back to the simplicity of how life was before all the distractions we have today. The character of the family and the morals that were instilled back then were refreshing. This book was a simple read and I really enjoyed where it took me in my mind as a read it.  Thank you!
 I haven't reviewed books before this one but Ordinary Grace was a great novel but much more. If you have suffered a loss of a love one you need to read this book.  It will touch you and maybe through this fiction you may find some comfort or understanding. I wish Mr. Drum and his sons existed in real life.  Perhaps they do but I haven't met them until this novel. It is more than a "Stand by Me", boy coming of age novel.
 The characters each were so terribly human, filled with strength and weakness . Frank, our young main character relates death and its impact and meaning well enough that the reader has opportunity to rethink his/her own perspective. A good read...a good journey. I recommend it.
 This book is so well written and the story is compelling.  I appreciate the authors point of view and am grateful for a deeper understanding of grace ,both ordinary and the miraculous, that is a product of having read this book.
 Beautifully written and inspirational. Recommend this book.
 Ordinary Grace was a book about mistakes made and learning from them. I loved it. I was caught up in it from the start and enjoyed it to the last page. Some of the story line has stuck with me and I think of the characters often. They became like family!! Loved this book and am looking forward to reading more from William Krueger.
 This story carried me along with the Drum family through the town of New Bremen with an ease that made me feel a part of it.<br/>Wonderful writing. I am going to have to spend some time digesting this book before I start another one.<br/>Loved it!
 Read it.  It's so well written and engrossing, I was not ready for it to end. Superb character development makes this an unusually good read. What is grace but that we receive mercy that we have not earned and often do not deserve? These characters deal with tragedy, loss, and unfulfilled wishes, just as each human does, but how they respond makes all the difference.
 A lovely book . A gentle story with  mostly 'nice' characters ! Enjoyed reading it after a boring supposedly suspense filled novel.
 Great writer, interesting well developed characters, I liked that it was told as a memory buy a 13 year old. Great perspective. Plot is well developed an easy compelling read
 It just felt gross. The book is a downer.
 A wonderfully written murder mystery told through the eyes of a 14 year old son of a minister in the Midwest!  Much wisdom is imparted through the struggles of each family member and friends of the murdered child.  I enjoyed Mr. Krueger's ability to developed and impart strong personalities of each of the main characters.  This is a novel that I had difficulty putting down.  It kept me guessing until the end!
 I loved the book from beginning to end. 1961 was a great year. The story told by Frank (13 years old) who is now about 53 years old reminiscing about that summer. I had to smile several times in the book when he was describing how it was to be growing up in that era. I had forgotten about familiar terms used during that time. The story was thought provoking and manages to touch your heart. I especially liked the way the author ties up all the loose ends and gives you insight in how all the characters progressed and how it all turned out, after that summer. I also listened to part of this on whisper sync. Kudos to the reader Rich Orlow who did an excellent job. I highly recommend this book, and I myself will definitely read more books by this Author.
 This is the first book by William Kent Krueger that I have read and can barely wait to read more.  I admit to being a sucker for coming of age stories but he hit this one out the ball park.  It was suspenseful, sad, funny and well written.  My heart broke for Frank and Jake and for their family.  I highly recommend to those who like a good coming of age story.
 This is a beautiful band. Beware though that adjusting the size requires cutting the leather strap.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book!  Beautifully written, descriptive words that both created image and smells, characters fully developed, and the comments of the narrator as a 13 year old were realistic.  The father bears a resemblance to Atticus Finch of "To Kill a Mockingbird," and the graciously rebellious mother was believable.  Several of us in my book group figured out the ending, and this bothered some.  The epilogue was just what was needed to let us know what life brought to these people I had come to know so well.
 Really liked this book. Fast reading, but kept me interested.  Loved the ending - hopeful and real
 Ordinary Grace is a refreshing coming-of-age novel about Frank and his family. Frank reflects on past events from his childhood as an adult and questions what are the "ordinary grace(s)" of the world. Krueger does a nice job of developing his characters while coupling his novel with suspense and making readers think about some hard questions. I would recommend this book to anyone as I found it enjoyable (plot wise), and also thought provoking at the same time.
 A beautifully written novel.  The rhythm and flow of words easily tell the story/stories which eventually come together. This book helps restore one's faith.
 Once I started this novel, could not put it down. Well written
 I would recommend this book to everyone. It was anything but ordinary. It was superb.
 What a superb novel! As a book group of former English teachers, we all had praise for the character development, plot flow and meaningful message through the characters, especially Jake. There were some fine lines to be quoted. It is a story that captures the reader, who then can't put the novel down
 Good book. Sad but hard to put down. Brought tears to my eyes. Would recommend but not as a light, easy read.
 This novel approaches a family affected by World War II, a child who stutters, a woman who married with different expectations, and the loss of a child with unusual sensitivity.  All of these  dilemmas are framed with a religious component in a small town.  The author does a fine job of showing the family interactions caused by all these events.
 Wonderful, inspiring story of a boy's journey to adulthood through tragedy, and family stresses.
 Once started, did not want to put down until the end. Skillful capture of a time that shaped and changed so many lives. Relevant to how each of us go through life interacting with each other and hold on to God through good and bad. Highly recommend to remind us our spirituality is our strength.
 This was a sweet book.
 I lived the development of the characters, the portrayal of their close bonds, and the delivery of a difficult concept through page-turning narrative. Wonderful!
 I have read all 17 of William K Krueger’s Cork O’Connor books, every one 5 stars!  Ordinary Grace was also a 5.  I will read anything this author writes.
 I laughed and cried repeatedly, and couldn't put it down. I read much too late one night because I just had to find out what happened. The characters are wonderful and loveable. Such a heartfelt book.
 One of my favorite reads.  Loving and heartfelt mystery along the lines of Stand by Me.
 Well written. A study in tragedy and triumph. I marveled at the strength and unfailing faith of the father. Would definitely recommend.
 An extraordinary tale of a summer you will not want to forget.  It is clearly and poignantly written and will keep you guessing to the very end, then leave an indelible imprint on your heart.  Thank you, William Kent Krueger, for this story of ordinary people bound by love, history, circumstance and the awful grace of God. Amen.
 Ordinary Grace is easy and a pleasure to read. Looking through a boys view back in the early 60's when life was much simpler. Brought back a lot of memories. The story kept a good pace and I didn't find my self bored at all.
 Great Book. Received on time
 No kidding, this book is AMAZING. From the description I must admit was not my first choice to buy, however, from time to time you get the perfect surprise. I will be talking about this book, with great admiration, to everybody I know. Well deserved the winner of the Edgar Award.
 There are only a few books that I have read where the simple joy of being in that world was enough to make me want to stay. This was one of them. The characters were so well developed and full of their own life that I felt I was walking through a real place full of real people. Not many authors have been able to create just such a feeling in me. The story is simple in its approach and while there is a bit of mystery here, I never found it too surprising or forced. This is, at its core, a story about a young boy struggling to understand the much more mature world around him. Simpler times do not necessarily mean easy or perfect. Quite the opposite. Life is always full of conflict and unfairness and such difficulties of our youth are too often lost in the rosier haze of nostalgia. This book, if nothing else, helped me recognize that.<br/><br/>If you are looking for hard action and thrills - best to look elsewhere as those novels are easy to find. If you want deep mystery then Mr. Krueger's other novels will easily scratch that itch. But if you want to just sit back and read a very well-crafted story that invites you into the lives of a small town family and their own brand of self discovery, well...do yourself a favor and read this book. It is a joy to experience.
 I found this book great reading.  The Author did a great job with a story line that was easy to follow that  kept me  involved in the story as it developed.  I am not real big on religious fiction, but this story has a deep underlying religious theme on faith and forgiveness through a story that will keep you glued to this book from cover to cover
 Ordinary Grace was my book clubs choice for this month. Once I started to read ,I could not put it down. Great mystery, with huge life lessons. It's the type of book that when you have finished you feel like you lost a best friend. Now to find another book to read.
 I'm not even done with this book yet and I had to pause in my reading to recommend it. This is an extraordinary work. 'The Goldfinch' won the Pulitzer the same year this won the Edgar (2014) and I believe this is a more engaging book.
 Entertaining and certainly true to the times it took place in.  A good mystery that does involve you more deeply as you go along.
 Sat first I didn’t like but ended loving.  Such a sweet story of two coming age boys and what experiences they had.
 I would put this book in the same category as To Kill a Mockingbird, in that it weaves ideas not only in the driving of the action, but in in a broad sweep of society, the choices between love and hate, justice, Faith, goodness and evil,.,
 This is a very well written slice of life as seen through a young boy's eyes in the 1960's. The story crosses all facets of life, with the ex-war veteran turned preacher father, an alcoholic family friend, a musically gifted sister, a mother who wishes she was on a stage singing instead of being a preacher's wife, and a stuttering little brother. This book will make you laugh and cry.
 A great murder mystery story, but much more than that. Ordinary Grace deals with complex family themes including marriage, relationship expectations, parenting, coming of age and more.  It also deals with class and other societal issues. Well written and very moving. A sad and tragic story in some ways but ultimately hopeful.
 I really enjoy this book!  The characters were well developed and likable.  It had lots of plot twists and there is a mystery involved, which I didn't figure out until near the end--that's always a good happening"
 The author weaves a  rich story from the experiences of ordinary people.  1961 was no ordinary year but one full of loss and heartbreak.  You won't be disappointed but, like me, might be surprised in the end.  Good book!
 I enjoyed this book from start to finish. Excellent writing and memorable story. The characters became real and even after several weeks I still reflect on the events and experiences the author so well created.
 This was not your ordinary family story or who done it yet it all came together. The characters had some depth which made them interesting. There was peace within the agnst.  I'd never anything else by wiliam Kent Krueger but this book made me curious to try another.
 We are reading this book for book club. It is sure to be a great discussion. The topics brought forth are many and the characters so real. I look forward to the discussion and reading more of Krueger’s books.
 As have many readers before me on this site, I add my praises to this extraordinary story of family and small town life in the early 60's.  A very touching story, told through the voice of a young boy. Not just a coming of age, but a mystery as well.
 We used this book for a book discussion group. There are many situations in which we could compare with our own lives or lives of people we know. This is an AMAZING book.
 A very enjoyable read with a satisfying ending, which is unusual these days. An interesting story as recalled by an adult about boyhood days in a Midwest town.
 I loved the writing style of this author. I felt that I was taken back to this time period and could almost "see" the town and the various characters. The storyline was engaging and the main character so well-drawn that I could relate to all he was doing and feeling. Highly recommended!
 This writer tells a very sad story in away that entrances and engages you from his first paragraph<br/>Beautifully developed characters that are comolex
 Excellent writer but at times a little slow reading
 Not my favorite but read for book club and it is good to read something I would not chose myself
 A wonderful story set in Minnesota in the 50's written from a boy's perspective.  An easy book to slide into; gripped my attention quickly. I couldn't put it down as the plot thickened. Highly recommend this well-written story.  I was surprised and pleased at how the mysteries and problems resolved in the end.
 Quick read.  Good story line and characters.  Somewhat predictable but didn't figure it out immediately.<br/>Well written.
 A wonderful through provoking read. I greatly enjoyed the enticing writing style and was closely attached to the characters. A nice thought provoking read.
 I really enjoyed this book!  I've been a William Kent Krueger fan for a long time, but this is the first book I have read that isn't a Cork O'Conner book.  An interesting story as told by a boy!  At first I wasn't sure where it was headed, but once things started happening, I had a difficult time setting it down. Loved the epilog too!!  It really gave a nice finish to the book.
 Although I figured out who that plot twist fairly early on, this book has been added to my favorite book list. The author did a wonderful job of drawing you in to each character. I literally mourned their losses. I read the book in less than 2 days, it was that good.
 Great book.  I enjoyed it and recommend it.
 It was well written
 This book is wonderful!  The story is told by a 13 year old boy in 1961 small town Minnesota.  The author masterfully weaves coming of age in that era with post-WWII adults who carry that baggage, love and love lost, with suspense and fear that grips the small town life.  I highly recommend this book!
 I read it in a single rainy Sunday. Loved every word, gave me a lot to think about. Whatever your beliefs about the existence of God, you will find some food for thought here. How faith, hope and love can help one rise above traditional notions of religion and heal a great hurt.
 Was hoping for a far richer story but,I found it flat and predictable. Wasted a good long flight on this one.
 This book keeps you guessing at the mystery and it has a lot of positive aspects to it also.
 I search for books like this...family stories that experience tragedy, struggle, but find solid footing. If you are enjoying the television show, This Is Us, you may like this story.
 Pleased with the book and its size. Haven't read it yet but sounds good.  A good purchase.
 Very well written coming of age story told through the eyes of a young boy.
 Good read. Some unexpected twists which make it exciting to read at times. Not a page turner by any means.
 At the very beginning of the book, the author basically let us know what we were about to experience and that we should be ready for something out of the ordinary.  He was right.  I read it in record time because it was, first of all, beautifully written, the characters were real and well developed and I couldn't wait for everything to come together.  I may read this one again.
 I have read some 45 mystery novels so far this year, and this is the best of the bunch.  I have read all of Krueger's Cork O'Connor mysteries, and I wondered if this standalone would be as good.  It is better, in my judgment the best thing Krueger has ever written.  By the final page, I was weeping.
 This was a wonderful narrative story, and even though these situations are not familiar to me, the setting in the 60's brought back a lot of lovely memories of growing up during that era. The author captured it all perfectly and the innocence and beauty of the relationship with these brothers is a treasure. I will look for more books by this author.
 I was totally engaged with the characters as this story proceeded.  What was most surprising (this isn't a spoiler) was a throw-away line at the end about the narrator's younger brother.
 A wonderful coming of age story. The heartbreak faced by the characters is palpable, but the heartwarming way it is dealt with gives us a look at strength of mind, integrity and faith that is inspiring no matter what your background may be.
 A great story told through the eyes of a young boy.  Frank and his brother are constantly roaming the town and finding/seeing  things that kids shouldn't have to see.  Their are many interesting characters in the book that are connected in some way to the deaths that take place.  Really enjoyable reading.
 THis is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  His writing here was so evocative of the time and place.  I wish someone like Ron Howard<br/>or Rob Reiner would make a movie out of it, though it would be hard to reproduce Mr. Krueger's words.<br/>I'm reading some of his crime books, but so far they cannot compare with this novel.
 Although a tantalizing mystery this gentle book profoundly presents the nature of the Love of God! A lifetime treasure.
 From the first page you knew this was going to be a great read.  I loved this book. It is a keeper-I usually take books I have read to the library. Not this one it is on my book shelf. Too bad there are not many books as enjoyable as this to read.
 I've read and enjoyed most, if not all, of Krueger's books and enjoyed them all. But this book is by far his best, in my opinion.<br/><br/>It is not your ordinary murder mystery.  And it is remarkably different than his typical story, utilizing a totally different cast of characters.<br/><br/>This should have appeal to just about any kind of reader. Man, woman, young or old. Hope you enjoy it!
 One of the best books I have ever read; I don't say this lightly. When I turned the last page, I wanted to re-read straight away.  Sad but brilliant and told so well. Reminded me of some of the greats..'to kill a mockingbird,' 'stand by be.'  It will stay with you a long time.
 This was a great choice for our book club.  We all liked the characters, and it lead to some great discussions.  It's got murder and suspense but not in the usual way.  It's also about the love of a family and life in a different time.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It wasn’t quite what I expected but I appreciated the author’s way with words. There were quite a few twists and turns but the book gave me things to ponder. This is a book I’ll keep.
 Another A+ novel.  This was so good I couldn't put it down.  More!
 I love the way Krueger writes! Very suspenseful and characters have been described beautifully. I have started to read the Cork O'Connor series of stories by this author and the first of the books is "Iron Lake"<br/>The writing style reminds me of the Hardy Boy's only the adults are featured and the family is support
 If you read in bed at night this book demands that you don't sleep. The characters are well defined, interesting and diverse,  the story compelling and the ending while a bit transparent, satisfying.
 One of the best books that I’ve read in a long time. The writing was absolutely beautiful! Every person in our book club loved it! And my husband loved it as well!
 A charming coming of age novel with characters who seems as if they could have been your neighbors....Lovely descriptive writing with poignant insights on the part of the main character, Frankie. His younger brother is like a lot of kids who don't say much, but take it ll in, and are humanly compassionate and insightful beyond their years. A wonderful read.
 Wow! I was not expecting this to be so good. This is just a great book. On the strength of it, I immediately started reading the Cork O'Connor series, which is not even remotely as good. Everything came together for Krueger with Ordinary Grace -- it's a real book, nor a formulaic paint-by-numbers mystery -- and it's quite moving.
 I thought this was a fantastic book.  In fact, i bought it as a gift for a few family members.  It's a moving coming of age tale that has suspense and mystery mixed in with it.
 Very good family Dynamics.  Eye opener on many every day occurrences as they happen to others I.e. life, death, relationships and family.
 Krueger has another beautifully written story in Ordinary Grace. His Cork O’Connor books are some of my favorites and he has equaled his story telling ability in this work. Krueger captures many of the customs and environment of the early 1960’s when the story takes place. Definitely highly recommended.
 I couldn’t put it down. The book is about a boy during a summer in the 60s where a trail of awful things happen: he learns secrets, begins to understand death, and faces one big loss and learns how to accept that life is sad and many things happen without reason. Highly recommend, you won’t regret downloading!!
 I read Ordinary Grace as a member of a book club.  I enjoyed reading this book because it had a fast moving plot, thus holding my interest to the very end.  It should also be noted that the author did a good job tying the various characters together.  I must admit the ending was an unhappy surprise.
 A lovey book. Very interesting from the perspective of a young man and his brother.  I really enjoyed every page.
 I can't remember the last time I read such a wonderful book. Despite its subject matter - death - it stays upbeat and is a real page turner. Loved all the characters and can't wait to see if this becomes a movie!! 6 stars out of 5
 One very, very amazing book.  I loved the writing, the character development, the soulfulness and the mystery involved.  I see why it one so many awards.  Excellent book.
 Our book club read this book. I raced through it in two days, it was that gripping.  The writing is beautiful, the characters well defined and the story had a lot of excitement.
 A well written thought provoking story about typical small town America.  A family of conflicting characters all dealing with their own demons.<br/>A human story that one can relate to even in every day life.
 I liked this book because it was easy to read.  The characters were enjoyable and the concept of grace (ordinary and not) go through the entire story.  The story reminded me of the move "Stand By Me."  I read the book quickly and I'm sure I'll think about the story long afterwards.
 Mr. Krueger's work has been my favorite since I came across a feature in a book store in Minneapolis several years ago. There is a lot of suspense, and reference to violence, but only what is necessary for the story. I love the development of his characters from his first book on Cork Corcoran through this one, and the weaving of cultural knowledge of the native Americans of the area. I always look forward to the next book. Really good reads.
 I really enjoyed this story. Set in a small town in Minnesota in 1961 the main chatacter, a 13 year old boy, witnesses death and loss, tremendous grief and wonder.
 Over the top!
 The events were predictable but it was told with such "grace" which made the book quite good.
 was recommended by my brother-in-law. loved the book
 This is a fabulous story, beautifully written. . It is one I will not forget. It is about a family and a way of life in a small town in a country setting by a river. It is a story of beauty, tragedy and humanity. I was unable to put it down. I read until the morning hours for three and four nights. I will not stop thinking of it.
 thanks
 I thought this was a wonderful story.....sad but uplifting.  The author really captured the feel of living in a small town populated with imperfect people. I would highly recommend this book.
 I loved this book. Beautifully written, a quiet, thoughtful, heartfelt story. I would recommend it to anyone and am hoping my book club will want to read it.  I was sorry when it ended, although, it ended right where it should have.  I haven't said good bye to he characters; they all remain very much with me.
 This novel felt authentic and seemed to be reverently written. Touching and real. I want more from William K. Kent.
 This book was recommended by a good friend and I highly recommend it to you.  It has enough suspense to keep you turning pages.  Enjoy!
 The author gave a lot of hints early in the book.  I kept expecting something to happen, but he kept me guessing through most of the book.  I like books that are unpredictable, and this one was that.  Characters were well developed and complex.  A good read.
 A story about a family living in Minnesota in the 1950's and brings home very clearly the joy  and great sadness that this family experienced, which many people can relate to. Not thesame events, but an illustration of how life can be a mixture good and bad. It also illustrates the innocence of children growing up in that era when getting a frost mug root beer at the local drugstore was a big treat. The story revoves around the mysterious death of a beautiful young woman, an event that shatters the entire town . I found it a good read.
 Beautifully written, this book tells the story of a fateful summer in a small MInnesota town.  Written through the eyes of a 13 year old boy who perceives the events with innocence and candor, it is a book I couldn't put down.<br/>The significance of the title, Ordinary Grace, with its double meaning, is revealed towards the end
 I could not put this book down...read in 2 days.<br/>A delight!!
 Very depressing book.
 This is a wonderful work of vivid and warm fiction with simple yet rich attention to language - highly recommended!
 With great insight the author tells us a story mainly through the eyes of a 13 year about love, life and loss. One easily travels in the footsteps of the main character as he deals with life, it's ugliness and its amazing grace.
 This book was incredibly well written and thought provoking. It makes us question what we believe, uncovers bias and how it can impact our beliefs and decisions, as well as its effect on our children.
 The writing is very similar to that of "To Kill a Mockingbird" but, I think, even better.  It is a wonderful book of seeing life through the life of a 13-yr.-old boy, how a person makes assumptions that are often incorrect and the impact of that on innocent persons. Also a book about forgiveness and understanding.  It took me back to my own childhood years, and like a really good film it keeps playing back in my mind.
 The characters in this book are so well developed that you truly care about them or dislike them as they are presented.  Excellent development of the settings and characters.  A very satisfying read.
 I loved this novel. It is a mystery told with sweetness and charm. The characters are well-developed, the descriptions captivating without being too long. The setting is very atmospheric. "Ordinary Grace" is one of those books you treasure as you read it, and long after too.
 Absolutely phenomenal writing and story-telling. Ordinary Grace is definitely going on my short list of all-time favorites. Krueger’s gift of keeping your intrigue in the story mixed with life wisdoms and deep and thoughtful insights from his characters makes for a truly enjoyable read.
 Very sad, but an interesting story. For those annoyed by typos, this book has several. It wasn't enough where it was too distracting though.
 This is a lovely story that evokes family, community, faith, small-town memories.  While reading it, I thought of the novel Cold Sassy Tree and the film Stand By Me. If you enjoyed those, you will love this.  Or if you have had a crappy month and long for some simple goodness...
 Beautifully written, masterfully-crafted, skillfully edited. I've written two coming-of-age novellas myself. This is a genuinely felt mystery that's well worth your time. William Kent Krueger is a gifted writer. I wanted to highlight so much of this book. It really is that good.
 A grim tale of death and recovery with a bit of mystery thrown in. Unexpected twist for me at the end.  A very heartfelt study of death and overcoming tragedy with characters you can empathize with.
 This book started slowly, developing the characters and the scene.  I liked the characters, but I began wondering if the book was ever going to present more story.  Then a mystery appeared, and the book became an excellent read right to the end.
 I gave this 5 stars for the mesmerising interweaving of life  through the eyes of children. . A very complicated story showing how each flawed individual has unique strengths. Only by ordained grace and extraordinary love is great evil forgiven, to the benefit of all.
 I enjoyed the characters in this novel, and the small Minnesota town environment was well described and believable.  The father's character really shone brightly in this story, revealing a man of unusual compassion and deep faith.  The hint of trauma that he had experienced in his war experience always kept me guessing if that would be revealed in more depth, but it never was.  Somehow, whatever happened, this experience was a pivotal change point in his life that drew him into the ministry and into a deep understanding and ability to forgive human frailty and brokenness.
 I have read a majority of Mr Krueger and this is my favorite.  After listening to the author at a book signing he agrees it is one of his best works.  I will continue to expound Kent's books to my friends and I am always looking forward to any of his new titles.
 Very good, very well written novel. It's pegged as a mystery, but characters/story much more developed than a typical mystery.
 I highly recommend this book.  Ordinary grace. How profound. This was a story of faith, human frailty, love, compassions and cruelty. I grew up in Minnesota so recognized much of the landscape and culture. I love that the story was told from a perspective of a 13 year old. Finished the book in just at days. Will read more by this Author.
 "Ordinary Grace" was a delightful tale of two boys in a small town, sons of the town  minister.  A reminder of Huckleberry Finn and Tom Sawyer, the boys got into all sorts of michief, which was magnified by the label of "The Minister's Sons".  Description of how the sections of the countryside  were transformed by the changing of seasons was a joy to read.  The author captured the flavor of this small town  with warmth and humor.  Other characters in the book included the minister's wife, a gifted singer, and his  daughter, who wrote and performed beautiful music on the piano and organ.  A renegade from the minister's past  in WW2. lived in the Church basement, and added spice to the minister's character.  A mystery surrounding the main characters added a note of suspense, until it was hard to put the book aside until the mystery was solved.
 This was another book club selection, following on the heals of "Peace Like a River." The common thread in the two books is faith, and belief in God during a summer in New Bremen, Minnesota, when too many people died. The story is told by young Frank Drum looking back over the years when he "came of age." Frank and his younger brother Jake, mostly inseparable through that summer found themselves burying a young friend, an unknown "itinerant," and their sister Ariel.<br/><br/>The story unfolded against the backdrop of wealth and privilege of two households of the Brandt family. The older Brandts, Axel and Julia Brandt, owned the brewery in New Bremen which had prospered for more than a hundred years. Emil Brandt was Frank's mother Ruth's good friend since childhood, and a talented musician. Lise Brandt was Emil's younger sister, born deaf and subject to fits of rage. When Emil returns from the war, blind and facially disfigured, it is Lise who takes care of her brother. Lise and Jake, who stutters when he is with strangers, forge a bond. They understand each other even through Lise's deafness.<br/><br/>Nathan Drum, father of Frank and Jake, had studied law, and expected to become an attorney before the war interrupted his life, and the expectations of his wife Ruth. When Nathan returned from the war, he had no interest in law, and chose to become a minister, much to Ruth's dismay.<br/><br/>It is Nathan's gentle nature and unwavering faith that keeps his family together even during the darkest times of their lives. The mysterious death of Ariel shakes them all, and it is Frank and Jake who gradually solve the mystery.<br/><br/>It was a good read. I think my book club will enjoy this one much more than "Peace Like a River."
 lots of twists and turns kept me very engaged in the characters
 This was an interesting study of family dynamics in the face of tragedy. Well written and good character study.
 One of the finest murder mysteries I have ever read.  The story is compelling and well written and the characters are well defined.  This story grabbed your interest from the first word.  I highly recommend this story.
 This novel warmed up considerably half way through the book. At first I found the portrayal of the characters superficial and predictable. I wouldn't say it is the best piece of literature I have every read but it was a light and easy read.
 If you read To Kill a Mocking Bird and enjoyed the movies Stand By Me and Sling Blade then you will love the story of Frank and Jake.
 It was a great book--partly because as a Minnesota reader it was fun to read about my home state.  It went in ways that were unexpected and delightful.
 did not finish, could not get into it.
 Loved story and characters.  A great read!
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  Set in a small town in the 1950's-1960's, this story looks closely at a Preacher and his family, and shows that even in small-town America, big things happen.  The book is filled with twists and turns, and I was pleased when there was a final last twist that I didn't predict. I would recommend this book for baby boomers and anyone else fascinated with this era of America!
 I'm a sucker for any book with the word "grace" in the title, but few actually live up to the word.  This one does.  An engagingly told story set in small town Minnesota in the early sixties, it is both sweetly nostalgic and darkly menacing, laugh-out-loud funny and grab-a-tissue sad.  It features tragedy on a Shakespearean scale, but like with Shakespeare, the tragic is illuminating - both of the human condition, and in the case of this touching, transformative story, the abiding grace of God.<br/><br/>Some of the best theology books are novels.  This one is a gem.  Don't miss it.  It will change you.
 This was a great mystery novel that I could not bear to put down.  The author pulls you into a torn family pulled apart by their daughter's death but pulled back together by their family love.  This is a must read.
 Liked the story.
 Wonderful book.  Would highly recommend.
 This book was a highly entertaining, yet a quick and easy read. The characters were easy to identify with. The plot was a little “To Kill a Mockingbird,” a little “Tom Sawyer,” and a bit of “The Body” (Stand by Me). I would recommend it to family and friends.
 VER good book. I really enjoyed it.
 Great characters and story. Not much of a surprising twist, but that was not critical to my enjoyment of this book. As the book wound down, I found myself tearing up every few pages which I usually hate, but in this case not so much.
 Really well written.  Great character development.  Highly recommend. Enjoyed every chapter and found it hard to put down.  Thank God.
 I'm passing this book around to family and everyone thinks it's A+.
 beautifully written book.  Descriptive and insightful.  I loved it.
 When I read the synopsis of this book, I didn't really know what to expect...a boy coming of age book set in 1961.  It was much better than I though it would be and having grown up in the 1960's, I could relate to a lot of the experiences and the attitude of the times. Once I got 1/3 of the way through I could not put it down.
 William Krueger gives us, in Nathan Drum, a character we can love and respect like Atticus Finch. This is, in my opinion, one of the greatest Amercan novels ever written, full of deep insights about people and life and the wounds we all carry.
 A beautifully written book.  I was unable to put it down.  Many passages are underlined, so that I can go back and re-read them.  I highly recommend this book.  You may need a kleenex for a few tears in parts of it.
 The otherwise simple life of a family in MN is complicated &amp; disrupted by a series of events over the course of one summer. An interesting read that reminded me of 'To Kill a Mockingbird' with a mix of innocent, noble and odd characters. Touching and well-written. I enjoyed this very much!
 I generally pick "Chick Lit"....easy, reading. I also usually only read during my lunch break. Well, I couldn't put this book down! I even laid in bed for 3 hours on a Saturday morning so I could finish it! I'm really not sure what caught my interest so much, I just really enjoyed the writing, the characters, and the faith-based background! It was a great book!
 What more is required of an interesting/ moving/loving read? This has it all told through the eyes of a boy just learning about the ways of life. Well written with believable characters thrown into a summer not forgotten.
 This book is anything but ordinary!  So well written - you'll have to struggle to put it down.  Entwined in this wonderful engrossing story there are so may words of wisdom that can help all of us navigate life.
 It's summer 1961 in New Breman, Minnesota. JFK is president. It is a time of innocence. Kids wander everywhere in this small town--in the fields, down by the river, on the railroad tracks. But this idyllic town is rocked by five deaths--accidents, suicide, homicide--in just a few short months, and life for some will never be the same. Frankie is 13, the son of a Methodist minister. He narrates the book as an adult, recalling that dreadful summer 40 years ago. This is a who-done-it wrapped in an emotionally-charged tale about the fragility of life and the roles we each play--often unwittingly--in the hurt and happiness of those around us. It is the story of Frankie leaving childhood behind and becoming a man. It is the story of God's grace in unexpected and brilliant ways as a family struggles to still breathe after the worst happens. It is about grieving and becoming whole again.<br/><br/>I found the book to be a riveting read--not so much because I wanted to find out what happened next (even though I did!), but rather because I wanted to find out how the characters would feel and handle the crises all around them. Yes, there is a wonderful plot that keeps you reading, complete with lies and secrets, adultery and teen sex, hatred and prejudice, but this book is so much more than plot. And that is what separates it from the pack. This is a book that means something and will haunt your thoughts for a long time.
 What a great book.  It kept me on the edge of my seat most of the time.  I fell in love with the characters and thought I had it figured out and then bang, surprise!
 I put this in the category of one of my "personal classics". I found myself emotionally involved with the characters on a deep, nostalgic level. So much happens in the book that the plot could be considered contrived, but I was still drawn to each and every character on a higher level. The title is deliberately significant to the story.
 A very good read
 Old fashioned mystery and small town conventional thinking.
 This is a wonderful book about how a family works and loves each other. The plot is such that you can't lay it down. The mystery keep you interested right up to the end.  I hope Kent writes somemore of these free standing  books, but I do love his Cork O'Connor series and do not want to miss even one of them.
 This is one of the best books I've read in a while.  It is extremely well-written, makes you really interested in every character, even the ones you don't like as well, and has a lovely message.  I picked it for a book group based on other books Krueger has written and a sample giving the theme.  Just loved it, and happy I selected it.
 Both my husband and I read this book and could not set it down. William Kent Krueger is a very gifted writer and as a result, we are reading the Cork O'Conner series which I highly recommend as well.
 One of my favorite  Krueger mysteries. A delightful young narrator lures us into a year of his life filled with mysteries and unanswered questions. A fascinating cast of characters and plenty of grace.
 I would recommend this book. Really interesting. Character development is awesome.  Gives an honest story of the development of a family and town with a bit of mystery added in.
 Tired of the war books and cop mysteries? Try this fantastic book. Sad and happy and promising all at the same time.
 Young family grows up fast in a midwest town.  Intrigue and eventually some closure is found when an ordinary grace is shared.
 Excellent mystery!  The author is amazingly adept at capturing the thought processes of an impulsive growing boy.  I have loved all of Mr. Krueger's books, but this may be his best.
 This was a well written book.  There was enough mystery to keep me guessing, but also intriguing family interaction.
 It reminds me of my childhood in a small town.  It innocently dips into many truths and life's lessons.  I never thought I would read about religious faith.  A list of characters includes emotional problems, physical problems, family problems, and whole bunch of befliefs we live with.  I have recommended this book to all my friends and relatives.  Hard to put it down.
 Interesting story - We read it for book club and the consensus was 3 stars.  The boy hearing everything he did got a bit carried away.  Some parts were too predictable for some of us.  We did all enjoy reading the book.  It seems very believable especially at the beginning.
 Excellent, life-affirming book about death.  Hard to put down because you CARE about these people.  Brilliantly drawn characters....and some genuine heroes.  Keep the Kleenex handy.
 Described as a coming of age novel, I was skeptical. But I think it could be called a book for all ages. I kept me reading straight through and because it was about a small town, and about family relationships  I was hooked.
 This booked grabbed me from page one. Although some of the themes had sad overtones I  found it to be a great story of family and friendship and small town America. Aptly named, Ordinary Grace. Beautiful book.
 I liked this book more &amp; more the further I got into it.  It's beautifully written and there were several nights I had a hard time putting it down.
 I wanted to like this book but found myself liking the characters more than the story.  I usually finish a book in a day or so.  This took me about a week.
 Very interesting book. Nice mystery running throughout the book. Reading it for our book club.
 This a  very deep, sorrowful book displaying an insight about how people handle grief and sorrow.
 Good story
 This is my first read with Mr. Krueger and what a pleasure. Simple, small town, typical characters and no frills. Just a great mystery. Normally, I set a certain time of day to read and just relax, but with this novel, schedules were altered and tasks had to wait. Great job, looking forward to others.
 .I enjoyed the book; it took me back to a time of innocence watching two young boys grow through a summer of tragedy.  Having grown up during the same era I found the story to be an accurate reflection of the American culture, intact families, and social strictures regarding proper behavior, a belief in God and respect for adults and those in authority.  It was a better time and a better America in many respects.
 Loved this book.  Excellent writing and wonderful story.
 Took it on a recent trip and read it in 4 days. Very thought provoking; complex characters. I loaned it to my husband and he loved it as well.
 This is a great author, really enjoy the mysteries that he write, but this was on another level and I really enjoyed it and passed it on to friends
 Great book , i read in one sitting!
 My book club really enjoyed this lovely book. It's quite a story with characters you will remember! I had book hangover when I was done.
 as good a book as I have ever had the pleasure to read.Every time I think there aren't any really great books left,one like this comes along<br/>and I remember why I love to read,Beautiful,touching,everything I want in a book.
 I thought William Krueger hit the mark on the subject of forgiveness and having faith.  It held my interest until the end.  I was certainly surprised with the ending.
 Love this book!
 Simply outstanding. Love this fabulous work and I'll be re-reading it again and again.
 This book was a breathe of fresh air. Frank was a wonderful narrator. He acted tough and rebellious, but had a soft , caring heart and at times was wise beyond his years. The story was beautiful and well worth reading.
 Loved this book!  I could relate to the timeframe of my own childhood and living in a small Midwestern town. The mystery kept me reading far into the night. Although I solved it in my own mind much earlier than revealed, it  was always kept alive through the characters and dialogue. The development of Frank and Jake was particularly strong and touching as they unraveled and tangled with some very tough questions of life, faith and family.
 Enjoyed the story and the dynamics between the two brothers.  Each of their personalities influenced the brothers.  An interesting mystery of a wealthy family being troubled by members within the family and hiding it all from the public.  An unexpected ending.
 None of the characters we expect in a Krueger, northern Minnesota mystery, but same good evoking of time and place.  A tender story of a family where the Mother and Father see the world very differently but manage to respect and support each other.  Two boys face community and family conflict and real sorrow, and become wiser.  Great story.  Would make a good book club discussion choice.  After I "listened" to it, I bought it in print to share.
 I loved this book! I read it recently while on vacation at the Gunflint Lodge in northern MN. Being a Minesotan, it's great to read books about MN and by a MN author. It is on my list of best-read books. This book was so much more than a mystery. His writing is beautiful and at times, especially through the words of the father, I was in tears.  This is a must read!!!
 Enjoyed this novel greatly.  The grace of God is woven throughout the story and seen in each character.  I also love the epilogue.  As with any well written book, the reader always wonders how the characters lives turned out later in life.  I could not put this book down and there were moments that made me cry!  I could feel their loss.
 Loved it!
 This book will always have a soft place in my heart. It is tender to see how a man grows from a boy.
 I feel like you wanted to be hopeful but there was a dark side also, &amp; a little predictable too.<br/>Read for our Book club &amp; I did like the way he wrote &amp; would read other books by author.
 Will be on top 20 list.  Characters believable and interesting.  Enjoyed because time frame coincided with my youth.  Even though part of the ending was predictable over all was good.  Read for book club but have not met to discuss.
 A wonderful story, really enjoyable
 i really enjoyed the book and found it hard to put down.  while i did guess the ending there were enough twists that a couple of times i thought i must have been wrong.  Religion and beliefs are central to the story, but the book never felt preachy or like it was push any one belief.
 In this very well written novel, William Kent Kreuger takes the reader inside the thoughts of a thirteen year old boy during the summer of 1961 where a different type of coming of age takes place.  The lessons of forgiveness and understanding from Frankie Drum's perspective are tangled in a complicated web of family, friendship, and spirituality. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a beautifully written novel with a compelling story and moral imperative.
 The story draws you in from the start...it's a story of love, secrets and surprises. I  was very touched by it and would recommend this book to everyone. It leaves you with a message of hope.
 Absolutely LOVED this book-it was exceptionally wonderful.  Sad and poignant, I read it while on vacation and couldn't put it down!  It's an excellent read and couldn't recommend it enough.
 This book is an awesome page turner. Great story<br/>and great characters. I highly recommend this book. Wonderful story about the powerful grace of God.
 I loved the writing and characters. I couldn't put this book down! It was a tad predictable in that one of my two suspects was the bad one.
 The story takes place over the span of one Summer. Each of the main protagonists ends the Summer a changed person. The two brothers become adults and maintain worthy values in their actions. They have much freedom but manage to maintain their integrity and honesty. This is a delightful story. I would highly recommend reading it.
 One of the best books I have ever read and I have been reading for umpteen years. The nostalgia factor, the storyline....it is so well written, I have re-read it at least 4-5 times.  This book is a classic and is right up there with "The Long Summer of George Adams".  You won't be disappointed, trust me.
 I enjoyed this book- the author did a great job with the characters especially the main character- the eldest boy. I really felt that I knew him and felt the struggles he faced as if they happened to me. I did have a hard time getting into it at first but I stayed with it and it was worthwhile.
 William Kent Krueger wrote a potent, beautiful novel.  A book I'll want to re-read every year.  Right up there with To Kill A Mockingbird and An Apology For Autumn.  I've always loved his Cork O'Connor novels, but stepping outside of that character has produced a truly well written, captivating story.
 Extraordinary. Not only a beautiful story but exquisitely written. I highly recommend it.
 This is a dazzling book filled with unforgettable characters!I thoroughly enjoyed the plot, how the family and friends had such a big influence on two young boys.Their Father was a pillar of strength, courage and forgiveness.
 This is an exceedingly great book.  The spirit of the characters in such troubling situations is unmatch for a book of this genre.  I really liked the existence of God.
 I  loved this story and the characters.  This was one of the best reads I have had in a long time.  William Kent Krueger penned a beautiful story and I felt like the characters were old friends of mine by the end.  The dialogue was so real - I give "Ordinary Grace: A Novel" a big A+.  I recommended it to my book club.
 The characters were people I could relate to. The emotions written drew me and it was had to put down. I found myself thinking about this book throughout the day. I loved the writing immensely.
 Most books are quite forgettable.  This one isn't.  It is a story about a Methodist preacher and his family of wife, a daughter, and 2 sons.  The middle child (oldest son) is the narrator of the book and I became very attached to him and his conflicts.  There are numerous twists and turns and for Heaven's sake, don't fail to read the epilogue.
 An amazingly spiritual story of a young boy's experiences one summer in the 1960s.  The complexities of moments of grace--both small and "awful"--are woven throughout this narrative. This is a story that has marked me forever.
 Great book. I bought it for my daughter because she always likes my recommended reads. She won't be disappointed with this one. Speedy delivery!
 Wonderful, wonderful story.  Beautifully written - a real message in here!
 I THINK WHAT I LIKED MORE THAN THE STORY WAS THE SETTING AND THE CHARACTERS.
 Krueger has an extraordinary way with words.  Sometimes I reread a sentence just for the sheer joy of reading those words again
 So many friends had recommended this book.  I finally read it and loved it - the mystery, the tone, the compassion, the characters - I could picture every single character in that book.  William Kent Krueger captured the feel and texture of the times  - 1961 - perfectly.
 Sweet, but not a compelling read.
 What a fantastic book! I got it because of our book club pick, and from the very beginning it didn't disappoint.
 Great character development and very desciptive
 Beautiful story, and beautifully written.  I couldn't put it down and kept thinking about it for days after I finished.  I already have highly recommended this book to many people.  Thank you William Kent Krueger!
 Folks from large urban areas drive through small towns and think nothing much happens there.  They forget people in small towns are connected in their daily lives that form character.
 The main characters are 2 young brothers. The entire book is full of relationships of different sorts. There is humor, reflection and suspense in the story as it moves along. This is an easy read, but quite complex in the story line.
 Not in a series but still a great read.
 A departure from Mr. Krueger's usual genre, but a welcome one.  Viewed  from from youthful eyes, the world is found to be a complex place, replete with deceit, love and untimely death.  Engrossing plot, well-formed characters and excellent pacing.  A book I'll remember.
 Excellent storytelling. I will definitely be exploring other of this author's works.
 I really enjoyed this book and it's story.  I might use it as a suggestion for my book club.
 I really enjoyed this book  This was the first book I have read by this author and I would read others by him.  The point of view is that of a preacher's son.  There are some great characters and twists in the story.  It reminded me a stand by me in parts with things that happen in the story
 Sweet story with a few messages that will stick with me, but very, very predictable.
 I don't know how to give it a 4 1/2. I liked it a lot. Loved the writing style, nothing flowery, but the writer gives clear visual images. The story held my interest through out the novel. Good characters. Good novel.
 Nice story.good writing. just a little too nice for me.
 A small town is shocked and mystified by a series of deaths.  Are they related?  Is there a killer (or killers) among them?  A 13 year old boy tries to sort out all the events happening around him and struggles with the impact upon his family.  A great book group discussion read.
 This was a good read. Krueger captures life in the rural midwest while telling a compelling and interesting story. This is a story of sin and redemption, life and loss and love and betrayal.<br/><br/>Krueger has good insight into the lives of preachers and their families.<br/><br/>This preacher recommends this book!
 Exceptionally well written novel.  The characters were so finely drawn, you felt that you had a real relationship.  The story examines life and a series of deaths in a small Minnesota town in the sixties as seen through the eyes of a 13 year old, rebellious son of a minister.  I intend to read more of his work, though I understand this was a stand alone novel, where as many of his other books were a series.
 You could possibly say that this is a murder mystery, but it is so much more.  There is a lot to discuss:  religion, family, etc.  A very enjoyable read with a surprise at the end.
 This book is written very well. For once I didn't find any errors in a book. The subject is very different for this author. If you are looking for his SHeriff books, this is not one of those. It is a charming book with some twists and turns that still has a few 'who done its.' Well worth the read.
 The writing of William Kent Krueger is brilliantly evocative of time and place in his telling of the events of one year in the lives of a family revealed in all its pain and glory
 I loved this book and couldn't put it down. It is a simply told story, but with much deeper insights hinted at but not hammered into the reader's head. I love a good, readable story and this one sure fit the bill.
 An excellent read that builds to a finish where you can't put down this book. The character development pulls the reader in and the writing is very good. This is a book worth sharing.
 This is one of the best books I've read in a long time. I found myself thinking about the story and the characters throughout the day and feel this one will stay with me for a while. I was sorry for the story to end.
 Excellent book. Very interesting and realistic characters and interactions between characters. Most remarkable, however, is the author's observations on the meaning and value of life, itself.
 I ordered this book because of the pre-publication reviews on goodreads. I'd never heard of the author before but now intend to read the rest of his work. The novel has an amazing sense of place and complex characters you care for deeply. The language is beautiful, but not too precious. It just sucks you into a heart-wrenching summer in the life of a boy, who is growing into a leader. I was reminded of the movie "Stand by Me." The way the author dealt with the father's profession as a minister was wonderful.
 Great read!
 Well crafted by a wordsmith. It certainly held more interest than the formula books that I've read recently.
 Liked the characters in this book. I would recommend reading this book. I would have liked more surprises as the book progressed. It was a quick read.
 This is a novel about growing up in the 1960s in the Midwest, where curse words were punished, baloney was fried for sandwiches and train tracks represented danger as much as they did adventure. Krueger instills his novel with some mystery but more than that, a deep and abiding faith in families and how their members care for one another. As the mom of three now-grown sons, I think the author was pitch-perfect on the relationship between the two brothers. He got their voices just right.<br/><br/>The book dragged a bit in the middle ... Only reason I'm not giving it five stars.
 Starts out seeming to be a spin off of the movie Stand By Me.  Not!  Beautifully written, miracles that made me weep.  Softness in light of life's cruelties.
 Memorable characters, wonderful writing style and even with moments of predictability it kept my interest until the very end. I will definitely read other works of this author. South Dakota made a wise choice in choosing this book for its 2015 reading list.
 This beautifully written and heartwarming story takes place in New Bremen, Minnesota in 1961, a small town where nothing is private. I loved the time-frame, and was easily transported back to the 1960’s. This is a story that will stir your soul, a story layered with dark secrets and tangled truths.<br/><br/>The story was brought to life with an entourage of unique characters. The author really managed to get into the hearts and minds of these very realistic and complex characters. And the storyline was filled with plot twists and cleverly concealed clues that kept me guessing until the end.<br/><br/>One small quibble – parts of the storyline were a bit drawn out, and I didn’t want to skim because I was afraid I’d miss a clue. That being said, the book was powerful, insightful, tragic and inspirational. It is a story that will touch your heart. My rating is 4 stars.
 Ordinary Grace leads you down a path of tragic circumstances that turn a carefree child into a youth driven to understand the mysteries of life. Deep sadness helps the boys in this story find forgiveness and simple graces of life and love.
 I liked this book.  Well written and held my attention.
 What an amazing book.  The characters are well developed, and the story is intriguing.  I absolutely loved this book!!!  Read it!!!
 The time setting for this story is a big part of why I loved it. I could relate to how the younger characters reacted to events having been around their ages at that time. The main character, Frank, was  a keen observer of what was going on around him and his love for his family was obvious throughout. I particularly enjoyed how the story wrapped up decades later.
 Slow start, but showed it’s strengths towards the end!
 Slow reading, not much history, do not recommend.
 Read this for book club. It started off slowly but after a couple chapters it grabbed my interest and I couldn't put it down.  Very well written and keeps you guessing until the end.
 I liked it, but my friend in the book club did not.  It has a big religious element.  Also I thought the ending was good, but my friends hoped it would have ended differently.  I recommend it!  It makes for a good book group discussion!
 A story filled with mystery, that kept you guessing right to the end. Characters you loved, some you disliked intensely and others you fell in love with. A story of sorrow and grace that you will not want to put down.
 Beautifully balanced writing considering the deepest theological questions through complex and compassionately-drawn characters struggling with their own flaws and inexplicable tragedy; all embedded in a compelling story that all times feels all too real. My highest recommendation.
 Mr Krueger is a great story teller.  This is the first book of his I have read but it will not be the last.  I did not want to put it down
 This was a nice book, not too heavy but gives one things to think about.  I would recommend it for young people as a topic of discussion on the many levels of thought that go into making a decision.
 Good character development and story line.  Couldn't put it down.
 This is excellent writing, although somewhat predictable. The author was able to express some difficult concepts rather well. It is a rare treat these days to find so much entertainment in a book, AND to have it all be written well, grammatically and structurally.
 One of the best books I have read.  I look forward to reading more of the books he has written.
 Unexpected twists and turns. Best book I’ve read in a long time. Loved it
 great read
 This novel touched me spiritually.  It is very cleanly and simply written, which must have resonated with my mood at the time I embarked on reading it -- And propelled me from start to finish in little more than one sitting -- leaving me teary eyed on more than one occasion whilst reading.  On its surface, a coming-of-age tale with a plot line that is more or less predictable; but it's the little pearls of wisdom/truth that were distilled out that I found had such a emotional impact on me.
 A beautiful sad tale told from the perspective of a 13 year old boy. A journey through a small Minnesota town and the complexity of human life and death.
 Great story! Great character development. Wonderful change of pace from the current murder mystery’s.
 A great book. Well formed characters, picturesque backdrop, great mystery. Really enjoyed it and will definitely read more from this author!
 This is the first book by Krueger that I've read and from the very first chapters I could easily see the plotline ahead. Still, the writing was clean and engaging. The pacing was spot-on, and, being a native Minnesotan myself, I of course enjoyed the generous description of my state and the characters therein.
 This is not my normal choice for reading; however, the book club I belong to had it on the list.  After the first few chapters, I nearly couldn't put the book down.  I became so interested in the characters and wanted to know what happened to them.  A good read and would recommend it.
 The characters in this book become real people who experience  joys and tragedies  as their lives are woven together in shared loss. Sometimes grace is poured out in one astounding moment, but in this story moments of grace appear in the warp and woof as each character finds his own healing through the small moments of ordinary grace. It is a compelling story of tragedy, love, family and faith.
 Loved this book. reminiscent of Stephen King’s The Body—basis for the movie Stand by Me.
 Okay.
 LOVED this book; so well written and engaging; one of those books you can't wait to be able to steal time and read more.<br/>I would read other books by this author.
 Great read
 Great story of the maturing of two very different brothers . It is a page turner that leaves enough mystery at the end to keep the reader thinking long after the last page is read.
 A great read.  One of those book that make you want to read it fast to see what happens, but then you are sad that it's over when you've reached the end.  I definitely will look for other books by this author.
 I absolutely loved this book.  The characters are so well developed.  It is told by a man as he remembers a critical summer from his youth.  It is humorous at times and deeply serious and touching at times.  Seldom do I read a book where every character...I mean EVERY character leaps off the page and contributes to the fabric of the story.  Mr Kruegeer deserves more than five stars for this one.  I highly recommend it as a true piece of literature.  If you liked John Grishams A Painted House, you will like Ordinary Grace.
 Was a book about a town and a family where life was t perfect bad things happened to incidents two young boys tried to do the best they could to stay honest tan faithful a lot of Grace was received throughout the book
 An excellent story with much to ponder. The happy ending is not at all what reality offers, and this author allows a warmth to seep into hard times. I was caught into the unfolding from the first chapter.
 Long after finishing this book, I still think about it.  To me, that's the quality of a good book.  I liked the writing; I liked the characters even the ones severely flawed.  It was a realistic story that could have happened in any small town where everybody knows everybody else.
 What a wonderful story with a host of memorable characters.  The story is told my the main character who is a young teen growing up in the rural Midwest.  It is his story of a summer of loss and reflection that propels him towards adulthood.
 My husband was reading another book and stopped to read me a passage. It was beautiful. I asked him the author's name and laughed when i realized we were both reading different books by William Krueger.  I am looking forward to read more of his extraordinary prose.
 A rites of passage type book, beautifully written, attention grabbing.  When I started this book I decided to read it slowly, but couldn't stop reading.  I had to find out what happened next.  I am glad to read it.  enjoyable read.<br/><br/>The book takes place in the mid west, a small town in southern Minnesota during a long, hot summer in the year of 1961.  Life was quiet, slow, people knew each other.  The story is told by Frank Drum, thirteen years old that year.  He tells of what happened in that town in that year forty years ago.  Frank is middle aged now, married, grown children.  I like the midwestern writers.  They tell a good story, write good books.  Frank is a middle child, older sister, Ariel, eighteen, musically gifted, getting ready to go east to Julliard, younger brother, Jake, eleven, who stutters badly, hates to speak and is teased by others.  A boy who watches quietly, says nothing, knows much.<br/><br/>That summer a young boy, only child of older parents is killed by a train.  The boy was slow,  Frank's age but two years behind in school.  Frank's father, Nathan Drum, is the minister of the Methodist church so the family knows many people.  That year, everything seems to have gone wrong.  Things are not what they seem in this quiet midwestern town.<br/><br/>Ruth Drum is musically gifted as is her daughter.  She loves leading the choir and is active in everything musical in town.  There is a mean teen age boy in and out of trouble, Morris Angdahl, who torments the Drum boys, a rough, mean cop, Doyle, Nathan's war buddy, Gus, another rough,drinking man with a heart of gold but a friend and protector of the Drum boys.<br/><br/>There are some strange, interesting characters good to read about.  The members of the wealthy Brundt family who own the finest home in town, midwestern royalty.  Karl Brundt is the boyfriend of Ariel, His uncle, Emil, is a piano virtuoso, composer, well known, who went to war and returned blind, face badly scarred.  His younger sister, Lise, is different, deaf, never leaves her home and keeps house for her brother.  Lise will not relate to others except for Jake, keeps a lovely home, beautiful garden.  There is the fascinating Indian, Warren Redstone.<br/><br/>Frank is nosy, always being places he has been told to stay away from, dangerous, listening to conversations he has no business hearing.  There is so much truth in the book.  It has won several awards, well deserved.<br/><br/>This is the first book I have read by Mr. Krueger.  He is a wonderful writer who pulls readers into his books.
 I will not describe the contents of this book as it has been done so by many others, however I will say the vivid depiction of the characters, the beautiful prose, the descriptive setting and most of all the feelings it evinced was outstanding.  It was a read well worth the time and money, actually more so!
 I really loved this book and the story with it.
 I really loved this book! I highly recommend it.
 well all i can say is i couldnt quit reading i was supprised with the killer the ending was good when they went to cemerity deffenily alot of sorro that one summer over all ;very good book
 There was enough description to give the reader a feeling for New Bremen, but not so much as to bore one to death. I liked the characters and the plot<br/> All in all, a perfect read for believers  and atheists like.
 Mr. Kruger changed the format of this book, but he did an outstanding job again.  It provided suspense of who actually committed the murder of the sister of the gentleman that was telling the story in the book.  At the same time though it created a feeling of warmth and kindness for the the entire family of the main character.  I would recommend this book to everyone.
 A very well written book in the first person, hard to accomplish!  I came to love the Drum family and their extraordinary faith and forgiveness.  The mystery is woven well with foreshadowing that had me constantly guessing.  I would recommend this book as a good read!
 This is a nice, coming-of-age novel about 1961, small town Minnesota.  A pleasant enough read with rather predictable issues facing the characters.
 I. love Kent Kreuger and although this book isn't a Cork O'Conner it didn't disappoint.  Only Kreuger could have written this book without getting melodramatic or depressing, so that I couldn't put it down and enjoyed every moment, trusting the author to wind things up so the worst wouldn't happen.
 Each of us have our own memories and remember events in a different way. This book really showed how one event affected so many in a very different way and there was nothing ordinary about it.
 I absolutely loved this book.  Could not put it down.
 What a refreshing read, way to go Kent Krueger. Ordinary Grace met all my expectations of an off series book. I am so pleased he left Cork in the woods for awhile. Not very often do you find a book like this. Bring on more!
 Loved this book.
 This book affected me deeply.  I read it as soon as it came out, but I have delayed writing this review because the book is so good, I don't think I have the words to do it justice.  Whatever I say will be trite and awkward compared to this tour de force of a novel.  I think I've managed to read every novel this author has written over the years; I enjoyed them all, and they were very entertaining.  But the quality of William Kent Krueger's writing has been taken to a new level in "Ordinary Grace."  Why it isn't on the nomination list for the National Book Award, I'll never know.<br/><br/>If you choose to read "Ordinary Grace", you'll become completely engrossed in the lives of these characters.  When you finally close the cover or turn off the Kindle for the last time, they'll hang on the edges of your mind for days.<br/><br/>Simply put, this book is the coming-of-age novel that every booklover loves to read.  And I suspect it's the coming-of-age novel that every writer would love to write someday.  Bless you, Mr. Krueger, for sharing your talent and honing your craft through the years until you wrote this exquisite novel. It's a beauty.
 I enjoyed this book very much.  The author has written many books with Cork O'Connor, a lawman, as the protagonist.  Though the story line is sad, this book is a departure from the usual fare and was a good surprise.
 Loved this book told from the viewpoint of a 13 year-old preacher's son in a small town.  Wonderful characters in this town and a family tragedy and a murder mystery to keep things interesting.
 I am not a literary genius by any means but I LOVED this book from front to back! Reminded me a bit of To Kill A Mockingbird! A gentle father!<br/>You won't regret the purchase!
 Lots of surprises and mysteries to talk about.  Love the concept of an ordinary grace.  Good reading.
 I would highly recommend this story to anyone who enjoys reading about characters who face real challenges.  I was sad when the book was over.  This book is much much better than his mystery series; totally different, but still excellent writing.  I hope the author writes more stories like this in the future!
 Good book about the Native Americans combined with a great mystery.
 very good read-well written and takes me back in time to my youth.
 One of those books that make you wonder and think about what the characters are doing when you're not reading it.  A book interlaced with moments of love and joy but also one that depicts so much hardship which I believe is more of real life than how we often paint it to the world.  Throughout, Grace abounds.
 The writing draws the pictures. Mr. Krueger's prose is phenomenal! My book club thanked me for recommending this book. It is such a good story with characters we can relate to our childhood. Even some of the names were pure MInnesota! Loved it!
 Read Ordinary Grace for our book club, and all 12 of us loved it. Great characters, well-written story of coming of age through some difficult events.
 It took me a long time to finish Ordinary Grace because, after reading the first chapter, I let Kindle-Fire-time (non-reading time; puzzles, word games, exploring music) get in the way. But a couple of days ago, I began reading in earnest and finished the book. I gave it only three stars, and I'm ambivalent about that because the writing was really excellent. The reason for the lower rating is that I knew immediately who caused the death of the narrator, Frank's sister, Ariel. I faulted Krueger for making it so obvious to the reader, yet so obscure to all the characters in the book. I thought the author should have made us work a little more; after all, trying to guess the killer and his/her motives are half the fun of reading a murder mystery. The death happens roughly at the middle of the book, so there was a lot more to read, and I found myself wanting at least one of the characters’ suspicions to be raised much sooner. I feel that the book needed that kind of tension.<br/><br/>I also found Frank’s family, especially his father, Nathan, a Methodist minister, a little too perfect. That said, all the characters were interesting and enough flawed to give them life. I know that sounds like a contradiction, but it was more that their perfection came when they formed a group rather than when viewed individually. I liked Frank very much. He was a gutsy kid, whose actions were very believable. And I liked the mother, Ruth, for bucking the expectations of a minister’s wife and living her life on her own terms---even though, as she said, she hadn’t signed up for being a minister’s wife; before the war, she thought she was marrying a lawyer.<br/><br/>As I said, I think Krueger is an excellent writer, and I was curious enough to explore a few of the many books he’s written. But I didn’t find any of the ones I read about that made me want to put them on my reading list. The descriptions sounded too much like so many, many other formula mysteries. I have so many books on my “Want to Read” list that I don’t need to add any more that sound only mildly interesting.
 I don't know how it happened.  I was reading another book on my Kindle and all of a sudden, I got a pop up message thanking me for the purchase.  It was not my intent to purchase it but I did enjoy the book.  I just need to study my user manual to see what I did so I wont do it again.
 I liked the characters in the story, but felt it was very predictable.  Not a bad read, but nothing earth-shattering here
 Easy reading.  Well shaped novel about letting go. Don't make plans because they're going to change. Do we ever know the mind of another person?  Author has given good insight into how people react differently to tragedy. He lets us know that we're all the same but different.
 I loved this book.  It's a  compelling mystery which besides solving the murder deals with prejudice, forgiveness and God's grace.  It gives a good description of growing up as the son of a Methodist minister in a small Minnesota town.  Once you start reading it you won't be able to put it down.
 Very well-written book. Krueger's use of foreshadowing prepares the reader and also heightens the dread of loss and death. His 13 year-old protagonist is deftly drawn and sees with both a child's eyes and the wise commentary of his character as an adult. A novel well worth reading.
 I have read this novel twice and still find passages that, in their simplicity, express the beauty and complexity of life.
 Beautifully written story that brought up many emotions (I wept while reading parts).  The "who done it" kept me guessing throughout the book.  I highly recommend.
 Just a lovely story, suspenseful and exciting but also emotionally rewarding. I was sorry that it ended but fulfilled. Beautiful writing.
 I found this book to be engaging and interesting.  It gave insite into both the attributes and flaws of the characters. I would recommend this book to others and look forward to reading other books by William Kent Krueger.
 What a pleasure to read.  A story of growing up over the course of one unforgettable summer and written so beautifully that it made my own heart ache as if I had lived it myself.
 Wonderfully atmospheric....I related to all the emotions of  small town life with all the prejudice , secrets , and human frailties . Well developed characters . I will read more from Mr Krueger.
 I do like this book by William Kent Krueger and I have read several of the books written by this author. I particularly like the style of writing and the elegant way the author develops the characters as they actually get close to your heart. I couldn't put this book down.
 This was a beautiful book with really lovable characters...the kind of people you would really like as friends.  The story is deep enough to tweak the psychologist in an analytical reader.  Don't miss this one.
 And beautifully written -- the first book I have read by this author. Looking forward to more.
 aGreat Book.  Second time I've read it.
 Beautifully written. Wonderful characters. I love stories about adults told from a kid's point of view. This really had the feeling of To Kill A Mockingbird. The father in his wisdom could have been Atticus Finch. I loved the way this treated the characters' religious beliefs without getting sappy of saccharin.
 I loved this book and would recommend.  Although I predicted the end, it was still an enjoyable read.
 I loved this book. Krueger has a definitive voice that is immediately accessible but at the same time quite evocative. Compelling and just the right amount of surprising, I found myself reading more in each sitting than is typical for me.
 If you are familiar with The Kill a Mockingbird or Stand By Me, you will have some idea of what this book has in store for you. I would have loved it even if I had not been born in the town that is the inspiration for the fictional New Bremen. The story is seen through the eyes of a boy, and told by that same boy at some undetermined stage of his later life. Every character in it is flawed, but somehow also endearing.
 Who knew you had a book like this hidden in you.  I was so glad to meet you at Aunt Agatha' s, thanks again for signing while I was waiting my turn at the Rest room, my friends thought that was hilarious, and laughed half way back to Toledo..<br/><br/>Thanks again.
 a good book
 It was a book club book.  Everyone liked it
 A good read for book club. Set in local familiar settings. Written from a boy's perspective growing up in small town and dealing with family tragedy. Kept me interested in story line and inspirational message.
 A combination of a coming-of-age story and a mystery. My husband says all the details are exact for a small town in 1961. The Twins are in their first year in Minnesota, the relations are right between the whites and the Indians, the town celebrations are perfectly drawn. This book is the 2015 SD Reads book. It was an excellent choice. It only took two days to read, kept me reading late into the night with the story line and an added bonus of discussions of changing mores, morals, and life.
 A beautiful story about love, loss, forgiveness, and the grace of God. Told through the eyes of Frank, a thirteen year old boy, readers will be treated to a powerful story that reminds us that's it's our decisions and choices that define us. While I wouldn't call this historical fiction, it's brimming with history that is more than a backdrop. Highly recommend.
 Really enjoyed reading this book. Very easy to read. Great characters. Easy to follow and keep entertained and interested. Would definitely recommend.
 Actually, Ordinary Grace is the only appropriate title for this wonderful novel. Once I started reading I could not put it down. An ordinary family with secrets, desires and two young boys that grew up too fast one summer. Everyone's lives changed forever.  A beautiful true story and the epilogue<br/>brought tears. God's grace is their blessing.
 Compelling story, more suspense than I expected,. Character development was done extremely well.  My first novel by Krueger I will look for him again in the future.
 Coming of age story narrated by 13 year old boy living if small Minnesota town. Not sure I would call this a mystery novel, though it did win the<br/>Edgar Award.  Highly recommended.  Some similarities t the great book BOYS LIFE.
 I have only read one other of his novels (Iron Lake), but again he keeps my interest by insinuation of possibilities.  He has great insight into basic human nature and in the process made me think of my values and assumptions.  I'm not much of novel reader, but find his writing quite enjoyable
 As a professed non reader of the mystery genre, I was not at all sure about reading a William Kent Krueger novel but I'm very pleased that I did.  I thought his characters were thoughtfully and lovingly rendered and the tragic thread of the intertwined lives was developed masterfully.  The struggle to find God in light of the terrible events in one small town was profoundly moving as was the struggle for two young boys to find their voices.
 Excellent writing. The author put you in the scene. You saw and felt as did the protagonist. Great Great Book.
 I read this book aloud to my husband, who was ill. We both found it to be an intriguing story, a nostalgic look back to 1961, but - most of all - a testimony to the power of faith in God to help us through the challenges and griefs that are part of life. This book is on our all-time favorites list.
 This is the kind of book I hate to finish. It is quite well-written, and reminded me somewhat of John Irving: rich character development, rhythmic, flowing language, and profound statements expressed beautifully. Liked it so much, I started Krueger's Cork O'Connor series, which I've found to be considerably better than the usual, trite offerings of the genre.
 I couldn't put this book down once I started reading it.  My preconceived judgements fell away one by one as I read,  It is not only about  'ordinary grace' but about forgiveness and love and how, ultimately, we are far more alike than different.  It's a book I will keep on my bookshelf and refer to often.  Ann
 Having enjoyed Krueger's other mysteries, I was blown over with his three dimensional characters.  Krueger gave them such depth that I will never forget this family. The author provided such haunting descriptions  that I recommended it to several friends, who in turn passed the message to others. As a school librarian, I can say that Kent Krueger has a special insight into the lives of children. One of the best books in the thousands I have read!
 A very satisfying read of family dynamics and small community relationships nestled with a bit of mystery. You will hold tightly to at least one of the many interesting characters.  Enjoy!
 I missed this one when it was popular.  So glad I finally found it.  A joyous reading experience.
 The author departed from Cork OConnor and it was nice to have the change.  He has one of the best descriptive writing methods that we read.  You feel as if you could be in the area he describes.  Hope he writes more like this, however if it is Cork O, I will still read it!  He is one of our favorite authors!
 Very good, I felt as though I was there! make me want to read more from William Kent Krueger
 Thoroughly enjoyed this novel. My first of Mr. Krueger's. Look forward to reading more. This family's journey is one we hope we don't have to take. The characters are well-developed, diverse and interesting.
 Outstanding novel about family, small towns and faith.  Haven't read such a great book in a long time.
 A book you did not want to end. Character build was excellent.
 I loved the characters and how they developed. I enjoyed the setting and how we saw the events of that summer through the eyes of children.  I liked least the fact that I figured out " who done it" before that fact was revealed. . I
 I liked the characters and their development. It was at times lengthy and I was wanting something to happen. The twists were good and mostly unexpected until the end when I felt I knew what happened I just wanted it trend, but I will say everything I read in the end I enjoyed.
 One of Minnesota's finest, William Kent Krueger said this was the best thing he ever wrote. Any Cork O'Connor fan could have responded with a Fat chance. But danged if it isn't. Reminiscent of "Stand by Me," this is one hell of a well-told story of life, death, regret, love, growing up and family.
 After the first 100 pages, I dare you to be able to put it down.  The characters were well developed and believable ,  It was a GREAT READ.<br/>My book club loved it.
 Partly a whodunit and you get answers in the end, if that's imperative for a reader. This book is reminiscent of "To Kill A Mockinbird". Two siblings in a small town sneaking around trying to get information, with a father who is a prominent figure in town. Lots of good message throughout the book, but on the religious side.
 Though the main character, a young teen-age boy tells us at the beginning that there were many deaths in his small town that summer-and there were--the mood was not dark.  I believed the characters and enjoyed watching them mature.  It reminded me of Cold Sassy Tree.
 One of the best books I have read. There is a soul to this book and in this book. It was wonderful!
 Good character study.  Keeps your interest.
 Great Story. Excellent character development. Became engrossed in the family dynamics.  Compelling read.  I would recommend this book for a book club. Definitely interested in other books by this author.
 A wonderful touching book!  It reminded me of To Kill A Mockingbird, it's that good!
 I read it for book club and it was a fast read for me.  Make no mistake, this fast read was superbly written and gave me a lot to think about- ordinary grace in everyday lives.
 I so enjoyed reading this book.  I felt like a part of this 12 year-old boys life and couldn't wait to get back to it every day.  I kept wondering what was going to happen next and then who did it.  The characters are great,  good and bad, someone for everyone.  It's not a religious book but there' is a small touch of spirituality, just enough to make it great.
 Had problems staying with the story. It started out great, then fell short. The author should have spent time developing the first child's death.  By the end of the book you felt like death was as common as birth.The ending was a disappointment.
 While the main"mystery" in the plot is fairly predictable, the characters are well developed.  The narrator, a thirteen-year-old boy, often relates events as he overhears others' conversations, but his voice rings true.  Overall, this is an enjoyable read.
 Great book, kept me reading and I'm not much of a reader.
 This is the first book I've read by this author.  It effected me so much that I sent him a personal e-mail to him to tell him just how much I loved it. It really moved me like not to many books do and that to me is what marks a good writer. I will definitely be reading more of his works.
 This was a really nice read. I really enjoyed this book.
 It was recommended by other readers.  Not sure I would use it for book club.
 Easy read.  First Kent Krueger book for me.  liked it. Just started his Iron Lake.
 This is our book club read and i could not put it down! Authentic tale of a midwest tosn in the 60's with the characters to match!
 I found this novel to be thought-provoking about faith and humanity. It was part historical fiction, part mystery (although I'd figured out the "reveal" pretty early on), and part philosophical. I enjoyed it a lot.
 I loved this story.  It's sad, funny, a mystery, well developed characters to like to despise, and full of the curveballs that life throws at us ordinary people.
 I loved this book. Haven't read one that I stayed up late with and hated to finish because the writing was so beautiful ,and I loved the family and story
 The mystery drew me in with characters who were real and likable.  An honest look at tragedy and how families push forward.
 William Krueger proves by this extraordinary novel that grace is anything but ordinary .  Grace is responsible for all the  awakening insights in this story of forgiveness. Mr. Krueger is s gifted storyteller who invites the reader  to respond deeply  to his characters . This novel held my attention through the last page.
 This is the first book I have read by Mr.Krueger. Beautifully written story about vigilance, love ,forgiveness , family and the power and strength of faith . I enjoyed every page and was very sorry to finish this wonderful story. This is a must read.
 Great coming of age book.  Wonderful prose and kept me interested from the first page. The only issue I had was the war background of Gus and Nathan.
 This was a great book!! So meaningful and well written! I would recommend it to anyone. Has a little mystery and good overall story!!
 Interesting spin on death, family, family dynamics, history,  prejudice and religious beliefs.  Wasn't sure it would all come together but it did and the story as a whole was very readable.
 Some of the best mysteries are the kind that try not to be too cute and put in twists just to put them in.  This was that kind of book. No super heroes here, just very believable, rich characters.  The outcome was not hard to guess, but that did not make it any less satisfying and interesting.  I had never read any of Mr. Krueger's books before but now consider this one to be only the first.
 Ok read
 I don't read much contemporary fiction, but since the themes of this book appealed to me and it won the Edgar, I read the Amazon sample. I went on from there.  Well-written, good characters, good plot, and small town faith and values.  Satisfying.  I'll give this to some friends at Christmas.  Thanks for the pleasurable read!
 Oh, my,  I can't recommend this book highly enough!  I certainly will give it as a special gift to friends and family.  Yes, there is deep sadness and tragedy, family misunderstanding, deception,  -  but most of  all,  there is growth to a greater acceptance and understanding of life.  That's what it is...........life with all its ups and downs,  joys and failures,  but in the final analysis,  it is faith....  in God, yes,  but also in the goodness of some of us, in ourselves,  and the determination and guts that  life demands of us all.
 Great story revolving around a tragic summer in Minnesota for two young brothers.  They characters were very relatable and if you grew up in the 50's you would have lots of great memories.
 It's one of the best books I've read.  Was in a search for any young adult novel for research, and I came across this one. It's really not young adult, but it is so well put together that it has spread across genres
 Interesting look at a small town mystery.
 fantastic book. Highly recommend it. Have passed it on to several fans of this genre.
 At first, I thought Ordinary Grace was just a coming of age story. I happen to love that genre so I was happy to continue reading. By the end, I was in tears. The pure simplicity of the father touched my heart when he preached to his congregation the day after his daughter was found dead. He had me in awe of his message of hope and his show of strength. Was it a miracle that Jake just stopped stuttering when he was most needed to speak for his family? The narrator, Frank, grew into a man as he learned the power of forgiveness. But it was Jake's quote" I'm tired of being angry" that has followed my each day. Why are we all so angry? Politicians, road rage, neighbors? I am trying to hold to that message hoping to change myself and how I deal with everyone I come in contact with. This is a book to love and reread.
 Real characters,a little sad, but stayed with real life. Will remember the book for a long time after.
 Beautifully written, reminded​ me of Hemingway, however not as lean.  Read this into the wee hours!  Looking forward to reading another by this author.
 I really enjoyed this book. It is told from an adult man's perspective looking back to his chilhood and one summer where there were several deaths in his town. It was how these deaths changed him and his family. The title leads to the fact that even in tragedy there can come ordinary graces.
 This book has a little bit of everything. Family relationships, intrigue, mystery, love, humor, heart wrenching situations and wonderful character development. Great book!!
 Captured me from the beginning.  It was a journey that I took with a young kid in a small town along the Missouri River.  Mother didn't know how to handle her lawyer husband who took up the Bible.  I loved all the characters.
 I had a difficult time getting into the story. When I did it seemed like a sorry way to grow up, at least from his standpoint.  Do all kids (boys) think this way about their parents, siblings, grandparents?  I still don't know.
 The story started off a little slow but interesting.  Later on it became more of a page turner.
 I was looking for a book that would keep my interest and soothe my soul at the same time! This book fit the bill perfectly! Real dialog and not at all preachy. I have never read any of the author's detective novels but I might now. I liked this book very much.
 My book club chose this and, every one of us loved it!  Gave us so much discussion and fun!
 Loved this book.  Would read again.
 I started reading this book with my morning cup of coffee and couldn't put it down until the next morning when I had finished reading the entire book! It's captivating!
 An excellent read. Recommended.
 This is without doubt one of the best books I have ever read.<br/>Writing and character development is superb. A book I will remember the rest of my life
 If this is considered a mystery it shouldn't. It is a beautifully written piece, though, lovely in its fluid and spiraling perspectives of an event experienced as a child and told as an adult, with the vulnerability and grace that come with age.
 This is the first book I've read by this author, but certainly not the last..... this novel was  Wonderful from the first page to the last. His characters are so well drawn that you can see them. Thank you, Mr. Krueger for caring enough about your art that I will not soon forget...
 Left hanging until the end.  Loved this book.
 Well written; somewhat sad; story about dealing with the end of life situation of a young person.<br/>I don't want to say much about the story line; not wanting to spoil the story for others. The ending does<br/>honor the Title; in a very fine fashion.
 A monumental story written in a style that leads the reader alongside the main character with companionable ease. A storyline that could be written from a sensationalistic perspective benefits from this author's contemplative and reflective style. Great characters and events result in a moving story that will leave you with much to ponder.
 I have read all of Kent Krueger's books to date and this was a surprise. He spoke at our town lib in Crosslake and hinted at writing a "different sort of book." It calls to mind the lessons of my own youth in a small town on the lower iron range in Minnesota. Life, death, illness, and aging as well as the whole Christian experience. This book makes me think once more about my own life and how my values, morals, and judgements were shaped by my early experiences. A truly good read and provocative in terms of<br/>how my own life has changed as a result of both the painful and joyful learning.
 This book has it all.  Mystery, intrigue, drama while taking a hard look  at  morality and relationships.  It is beautifully written and "paints" the landscapes and characters in such detail that you feel you are there watching it all happen. Absolutely loved it.
 Great character development. Life in a small town back it the 1960 sounds like life in most places back in the 60's small town views and not looking for inhabitants to follow the expected norms when other norms did exist.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It was a bit like To Kill a Mockingbird I thought - a coming of age book.  The characters were likable and credible, some suspense, good story.  I had read a couple of less than mediocre reads prior to it, so it was a breath of fresh air.
 This was such a beautiful read.  I loved the family and the message it sent of hope.
 I was not sure if I wanted to read this book because of the violent beginning. But I got into the story and couldn't put it down. I fell in love with Frank and his brother Jack.  Knowing of the upcoming deaths kept on edge but the violence was never gratuitous. I strongly recommend this book as a good read.
 Best Book I've Read In A Long Time.  Couldn't put it down.  I plan on buying more books by this author.  This book was a "suggested" read by Amazon, glad I followed up on it and took a chance.
 This book may just be one of my all time favorites.  I laughed, I cried.
 If you enjoyed To Kill a Mockingbird, you will like this book.  Unfortunate events from a young person's perspective. Very well written, characters well developed.  I highly recommend this book, and will look for more by William Kent Krueger.
 I give this book five stars. I have put much thought as to whom I think would enjoy reading this and quite honestly, I cannot think of anyone that would not enjoy it. Many forms of God's grace are laced through the pages that you will want to keep turning till you reach the last sentence. This book is full of mystery, love, forgiveness, growing up and growing old in even thought complex and complicated at times. it took place in a time that was simpler and slower paced. Read this...you will be blessed.
 I did not want this one to end
 Great read! I really enjoyed it! Love that it was written from a boys perspective!
 A good Book Club choice.
 Ordinary Grace is enjoyable to read.  The characters really come to life.  I highly recommend it. It is an easy read.
 Once again, William Kent Krueger gives us a story with depth and dimension.  Using the narrator's perspective forty years later enhances the emotions of this book.  As always, Krueger develops his characters with finesse, pulling his readers into his narrative.<br/><br/>A great novel.
 "Ordinary Grace" is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  It is beautifully written.  The characters are so true to life, each with their own struggles that actually warm the heart for hope always abounds.
 This book was chosen for our May Book Club.  It was an easy read and I enjoyed it.  Loved how the title of the book was revealed towards end of book.  Kept wondering when the character “Grace” was going to come into play - very clever!
 I have read several books by William Kent Krueger and enjoyed every one.  When I started this book, I was surprised at the beginning, and definitely unsure if I would like it enough to finish.  As each line and page passed, I was more and more intrigued with the story and by the time I finished I was wishing it would continue.<br/>Well done!
 Loved the story of a young boy experiencing the deaths of three people within one summer of his life. His view of the world around him has been profoundly changed. His minister father and a host of colorful local characters share the shock of the events and eventually the change it brings.
 A walk down memory lane with mystery was enjoyable. I wish the characters had a more substance. Not sure if I would read this author again.
 This novel is well written and draws the reader in right away. The characters are all believable and with the exception of one of them you have empathy for them. The who done it aspects were well executed and there are some shining moments of prose that you may want to copy and save.
 Excellent story line told beautifully by this author.  Wonderful take home messages for the reader.  I could read it again which doesn't happen often.  This author is worthy of a re-read.
 The story always had many twists . It really kept your interest. I liked how he tied up the story about each character. Read it for a book club and would recommend it
 This book was full of all kinds of relationships and small town entanglement. I love the way he wove God into the jest of things. A good reminder of faith. All 3 of my book clubs read it, and the discussions were wonderful.
 Loved it!
 Beautifully written novel.
 This is a heart-felt book about the experiences of youth that impact us in perpetuity. Family dynamics, coming of age, personal demons, forgiveness, redemption and closure are just some of the intricate and complex issues this book poignantly addresses.
 Sweet story and easy to read.  Good use of dialogue and some wonderful messages.
 William Kent Krueger’s Ordinary Grace is a heart wrenching coming of age novel full of secrets, deaths, compassion, and God’s grace. The tale is told through the eyes of a thirteen year old boy, Frank Drum, who struggles to understand adult situations as his childhood innocence is slowly taken away. A series of unexplainable deaths occur in the summer of 1961 in the small town of New Bremen, Minnesota; moreover, Frank and his younger brother Jake seem to hold all of the clues. A quick read, this book kept me always wanting more. Fascinated by the series of events, I found the plot straightforward yet engaging, and I was never bored. Krueger does not sugar coat anything; he exposes normal people’s everyday struggles and reveals the raw side of life. I think this is why I was so fond of the story: everything is real, and new conflicts are constantly arising. The only critique I have is Krueger’s ominous foreshadowing; at the beginning of each chapter I feared for the inexorable murder of another character. However, through the many deaths and hardships, Krueger’s message of God’s grace was clear. He emphasizes the companionship God gives to each and every one of us through every struggle we conquer. At the itinerant’s burial service, Frank’s father highlights this truth as he preaches, “God never promised us an easy life. He never promised that we wouldn’t suffer, that we wouldn’t feel despair or loneliness and confusion and desperation. What he did promise was that in our suffering we would never be alone...We are never separated from his love” (page 71). Nearly every adult character has led a fairly immoral life or overcome travail, but the preacher grants complete forgiveness and compassion; he shows ordinary grace. Krueger also uses historical context to further his theme of compassion. Set in 1961, a majority of the male characters are World War II veterans. Gus, the preacher’s alcoholic friend, is suffering from undiagnosed PTSD. Emil, a music teacher who got the preacher’s young daughter pregnant, is blind and physically scarred from his service, and Warren Redstone, the assumed murderer, is a recluse who lives on the outskirts of town. Each of these men are touched by the war, but the preacher sees God in each and graces them with mercy and compassion. With the acknowledgment of post traumatic stress disorder today, it is not an arcane truth that military service can change people for the worst. Krueger skillfully uses this legitimacy to portray the emotional struggles that these men undergo, but develops the preacher’s character to ensure the reader that God presence is ubiquitous. It is a beautifully written novel and true testament to the power of God’s grace.
 This is a story of family, growing up, and tragedy told by a young teen boy. He and his younger brother discover a body or two during one summer. How their minister father reacts and the lessons they learn affects their lives forever. A great read.
 "Easy read" book with multiple plots.  Living in Minnesota it was fun to read a book based in Minnesota.
 Narrative by man with memories of a childhood summer defined by loss is compelling.  The relationship of Frank and his brother Jake is very touching.  The characters in this story seem very real, and the mysteries in the narrative kept my interest until the end.
 Just started reading it, but so far an interesting, well written story.
 Thoughtfully written book.  Many passages will give you pause to think about and consider.  This is the first one of Krueger's that I've read.  It is not a Cork O'Connor novel, but I enjoyed his writing enough to begin reading this series.
 Beautifully written, a young boy coming of age in the early 1960's, exploring issues of faith and mortality. I loved the relationship between the brothers.
 I enjoyed this book. Krueger is a wonderful storyteller and I hope to read more of his books.
 This is a gorgeously written book, full of poetry and well-developed, multi-dimensional characters, as well as a story line that slowly draws the reader in and then just doesn't let go.  I virtually never re-read books, but this one I'll read again just for the sheer beauty of the language and the wisdom it imparts.
 The best book I have read in a while.  I have recommended it to several people and they feel the same.  The characters are so vivid and the story is so real , you feel like you are there.
 I really liked this book.  Loved the characters, and especially the perspective of the boys.  I would highly recommend it.  Our book club loved it.
 Just a fantastic story. Read it over three days and couldn't wait to get back to it when I had to put it down. Brings a wonderful sense of place and people. Each character, and there are plenty, is going to be someone you are interested in. This is the first book by Mr Krueger I have read. It won't be the last. Beautifully written.
 I expected so much more. This was a great story line. It could have been told so much better. I don't feel the author dug deep enough in a lot of the characters, and I felt there were several wasted characters, characters that did not need to be in the book. He could have gone so much farther in this story. The book was very predictable. I liked how the story was told in the main characters narrative. A 13 year old boy. However, the author did not use punctuation correctly such as commas, which made it difficult to read at times. I felt with the book being called Ordinary Grace, he could have touched more on grace. I was very disappointed. If you want to read this books still, try your local library. Don't waste your money. Also don't expect this to be much of a mystery at all. You will figure out the "who done it" pretty quick. Don't expect the first death, that of Bobby Cole, to be much of a story line at all. I am still trying to figure out why that was even in the story at all.
 And judge people before we judge themi  I am a big fan of William Kent Krueger  will tell my friends about his books
 It was ok
 It rare that a book so beautifully written comes along these days. I'm so very glad I got to experience this story and I could not recommend it more. A must read for people who not only enjoy a good story, but gifted writing.
 Very nice story and a quick read.  Characters were sufficiently developed and ending, while predicted, was still somewhat of a surprise.
 This book is an example of wonderful storytelling and prose. The characters are vividly drawn, the setting is richly etched, and it was a very satisfying read. I recommended it to friends, who enjoyed it as well. You can read what it's about elsewhere.
 This is a coming of age story - so reminiscent of growing up in the 60's.<br/>This was not a perfect family and they had to endure some heartbreaking life events but they made it through!<br/><br/>I was sad when it was over!
 I loved this book from beginning to end!  The characters reminded me of "A River Runs Through It" and the narrative style was much like "The Sandlot".  I hope this author will write more books that are separate from his sequel.  This was selected for an upcoming book club meeting and I can't wait for the discussion!
 Loved this book. The first for me written by the author. I was very pleased and would highly recommend it. A story that deals with the issues of loss, sadness, pain, relationship struggles, faith, love, and redemption. Enjoy!
 An amazing book. Yes, it is a mystery but the mystery is the subplot to the story of a family as they walk through traumatic events.. and find the grace to love.  One of the best and most thought provoking books I have read!
 I've only read a handful of books that have had no typos and no grammatical errors – which to me is so important. This is one of them and on top of that it was a beautiful story of love of family of great loss and of God.
 Krueger has a wonderful style of story telling that allows you to see the events just as those experiencing them.  I did think the book got off to a slow start, but you really get carried away in the raw emotion and turmoil of Frank and his family.  Well told story!
 A well written novel of an emotional summer in a family's life.  The characters are well developed and their relationships real and insightful.
 Wonderful stand-alone novel from a great author.  I thoroughly enjoy his mystery series work but this is a great page-turner in its own right.  In fact, seeing this listing in my order history has inspired me to go read it again over the holidays.
 I. Loved. This. Book. Profound insights, fantastic descriptions, interesting characters and a great plot. Skillful writing!
 Interesting characters.  Suspenseful ending.  Couldn’t put it down.
 Good book about a family and the trials<br/>and tribulations of life. I really liked this book.
 Ordinary Grace is a phenomenal book. It is by far the best book I've read in the last year. The writing is excellent and the story and its beautiful heartbreak will stay with you long after you read the last page. It's the kind of book that you wish you could just keep reading and you know that some of its passages will linger in your mind and come back to you in times of heartbreak and thoughtful understanding.
 Wonderful book!
 All in all the consensus from our book club was that everyone enjoyed the book.  It was a fast read, well written.  The content didn't linger on gory deaths, even though there were a few.  Oops don't want to give the story away.  Enjoyed reading the book.
 The author tells a story that invites pondering life's eternal question while still entertaining and pulling the reader from start to finish.
 A delightful, if dark, mystery novel which covers a short summer in the narrator’s teenage years. Highly recommended for the way it deals with themes of disability, loss, and forgiveness.
 Good read.
 Beautifully written novel!  Though based on tragic circumstances, its main character, Frankie, is the key to this moving story that is ultimately uplifting. Almost like a prayer.<br/>  Frankie pulled me into the story. I loved living the story through the eyes of this 13-year old and his younger brother, Jake, in the small Minnesota town back in the 1960's<br/>  This powerful story's characters, all part of one famy, touched me deeply and provided for me the first steps in the healing process after a very recent family tragedy of my own.  Thank you William Kent Krueger. I will forever be a fan.
 I have read most of Mr.  Krueger's novels, and have enjoyed them greatly.  I especially enjoyed "Ordinary Grace" because it rekindled the fond memories of reading  a newly published "To Kill a Mockingbird" when a high school student.
 I can't do this book justice with a review; don't have the literary chops.  But Krueger does, thank God, because this is such a good story and it's so well told, that the book speaks for itself.
 This may be the best book I have ever read, and I read a lot.  I LOVED IT.
 Rich character development and setting with a good mystery and satisfying ending.  Interesting departure from his modern-day series, which I also enjoy.
 What a delightful book.  The simplicity of the story is deceptive.  The book is about loss, grieving, death, faith and mystery - and so much more.  I'll keep it and read it again to savor the language and the stories.
 Very enjoyable read.  Character development was great and the mystery involved was intriguing enough to keep me very interested.  The family dynamic was what really made the book.  Definitely recommend.
 Beautifully written with complex characters. There is a great deal of sadness and tragedy, but eventual redemption. Well worth the effort.
 This novel had a Stand By Me vibe.  Someone should consider this as a film.  Thoroughly enjoyed it.
 In the beginning of the book, I was afraid it would turn too "preachy" but in fact, religion was woven into the story with out being in your face.  I really enjoyed this book.
 Intriguing novel with twists and turns... The actual "Ordinary Grace" was a simple moving scene of youth.
 Best book I have read in a long time.  Krueger is a good story teller and this on was amazinf!
 Well-written mystery with a second story, narrated by an adult with a child's viewpoint. It reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbird.
 Quite simply, one of the best books I've ever read ( and I read a lot )...<br/>Surprising in it's beauty and simplicity.<br/>This is a coming of age story that is so much more..<br/>If one wanted to compare it to other books, the two that immediately come to mind are To Kill a Mockingbird and Stand By Me by Stephen King.<br/>High praise indeed, but definitely worthy...<br/>I've not stopped thinking about it since I've finished it and have recommended it to everyone I know...
 Good read, with a good mystery, not predictable, well written too.  I would recommend it.  Enjoyable.
 A story of human struggles, filled with wisdom and hope. Characters are portrayed with such depth and insight you feels you know them well by the end of the novel. This is a story that will stay with you for some time after reading the novel.
 A nice departure from the Cork series, though of course I love those too. I enjoyed the era this one takes place, as I'm the same age. Kent Krueger has a great writing style. This mystery pulls the readers in while surrounding us with the feeling that we are back in the early 60's.
 My daughter's book club read this book. She suggested I read it feeling sure that I would like it. I absolutely loved it.  It is one of those books that I just didn't want to put down or to end.
 I absolutely loved this book. You know those books where you don't want it to end because you like all of the characters so much? This is one of those books. The main character, Frank, started to feel like he was one of my family. I really had forgotten that it was a mystery because the plot moves along so nicely. I highly recommend this book. Read it and share it.
 This is an excellent book. Refreshing read of childhood, adolescence and adult topics woven together by a master storyteller.
 Great book with something for everyone.
 I could not put this book down. Tragedy and joy and ordinary human loves and losses.  Wonderful book. It made me think a long while afterwards.
 Such a good book.  It was hard to put down.  It was also nostalgic in remembering  the way kids used to play and be free before adults got scared and started organizing them.  I loved it.
 It reminds me of being a teenager but with a lot more involvement for the teens.  I looked forward to coming home and getting back to it. A great read.
 a beautiful and compelling novel. a cross between to kill a mockingbird and a river runs through it.
 Exceptional characters, well written. I will want to read this book again if only to revisit the boys and their time becoming who they are
 It is a beautifully written story about coming of age in the middle of the last century.  It takes place geographically in the middle  of our country at a more innocent time than now.  The characters are well developed and the story is interesting but I<br/>Found it a little dated.  It brought back memories of the times I grew up in especially in the rhythm of the text.  I guess I found it a little too slow moving.
 A really good read!
 This was a great story! I really loved the setting and the way it was told. A wonderful winter read. I would not suggest reading this in the summer as you need to pay attention to the details.
 The writing is compelling. I frequently found myself moved by the characters. The book certainly hews to the role that ordinary grace plays in our lives. I will be reading more of Krueger's books.
 I enjoyed the writing so much that I started his Cork Oconnor series and have been very happy with that as well. Well worth your time.
 This is one of the best novels I have read. I got so involved with the characters I didn't want it to end. It is a powerful story of loss, agony, anger, forgiveness, redemption, and resurrection. I have already given copies as gifts .
 Wonderful, uplifting!!  Just enough mystery but primarily a beautiful coming of age story set in 1961 told by a 23 year old boy with a strong-in-faith minister father.  Absolutely sweet and inspiring.
 I particularly enjoyed the first half of the book. The author's prose made the time, place and characters seem real. I was a little younger than Frank in the early 60's but remembered many of the details which increased my interest and enjoyment.
 It was very good! Loved it!
 Excellent! this book is for my book club and I highly recommend it.
 A good mystery, hard to put down.
 The story caughtand kept my attention.  I did not want to put the book down.  It faded a bit at the ending. Lise got a 2 sentence resolve.  I felt the author should have given more thought to wrapping up her character.  It was as if she didn't deserve completion.
 A friend recommended Ordinary Grace, an award winner.  I recommended it to a book club and we all read and enjoyed it.  It has some "coming of age" elements.  It was a very enjoyable read.
 and the devastating effects of death and forgivness.  A good portrayal of family and how everyone has there own truth and of small town life in 1961.
 I almost didn't read this book. So glad I did - his writing brings the story to life with vividness. I highly recommend this book.
 A wonderful engrossing story with well.drawn characters. All about the difficulties that face us and how to get through them... With the gift of ordinary Grace.
 Very good story, had you guessing until the very end.
 Enjoyed this book immensely.  I felt like I knew the characters.  The insight into each character's psyche was broad.  I didn't guess the villain until the next to last page!<br/><br/>'
 I love this book. The characters are so believable. The story keeps you guessing "Who done it? "  it was just a great read!!
 True story tone is very enjoyable. I had a busy couple weeks after I bought this and couldn't get to reading as often as I wanted, so it took a while to finish. Yet each time I picked it up I got sucked right back in. I didn't give Ordinary Grace 5 stars for the simple reason that a few parts of the story felt unresolved and disconnected to me.  Overall it is worth the read.
 I really enjoyed this novel. The writing style reminded me of 'To kill a mockingbird'. The story has some christian elements which are thought provoaking and contemplative - not over the top. I will search out more books from this author.
 Not what I expected as I have read all of William Kent Krueger's other books. This reminds me of how John Grisham takes a detour every once in a while and turns out a great novel,  As the father of a veteran son who turned aside an administrative medical career to become a pastor I see the power of bringing religion to one's life. A great book that kept me guessing at the outcome. A little Stand By Me flavor.
 I love Kreuger's books.  This story is very moving, fast paced and interesting.  We bought several to give as gifts to friends.
 A novel of grace, forgiveness, mystery and charming characters!
 I had trouble putting this book down once I began reading.  I loved the development of the characters.  It was so different from Krueger's other novels, but the difference illustrated what a great author he is.
 Brilliant writing, somehow reminicent of 'to be sung under water' Tom McNeal, the writing, not the story, if you want to be dragged under and not to pay attention to that around you then I would certainly recommend this novel.
 This novel is anything but ordinary. The character development takes you through a development and history that leaves you wondering how it got so far so quickly. His descriptions were skillfully done so that the reader never even wanted to gloss over when, rather I found myself returning to them over and over again. Well done, Mr. Krueger!
 Mr. Krueger writes a moving story of a family dealing with untimely deaths that happen in their small town and in their own family.  A beautifully told story of forgiveness and love. I enjoyed all the characters, especially Frank and Jake.  A must read!
 Wonderful book. I am a volunteer group facilitator for children who have lost parents or other loved ones where they share their grief journey with others of similar ages with similar experiences. Krueger deftly touches on many of the themes and stories we hear there from the perspective of a 13-year old boy who has his own story but also observes those other family and community members dealing with their own grief in different ways.  Very perceptive and all wrapped up in a murder mystery and excellent and compelling stories and characters.
 Great twisted plot. Kept me on my toes. Surprising end.<br/><br/>I couldn’t put it down. Read it in one afternoon.
 good read
 onc of my favorite books - thoroughly enjoyed the family members - I could easily picture them as well as the setting.  I am now reading another book written by William Krueger and am enjoying it as well..
 Story about a family finding ordinary Grace in the events of a tragic summer in a small town. Great read with many many secrets!  I give it 5 stars!  I'm sad I have finished this book
 Absolutely wonderful! I could not put it down, nor can I stop thinking about this beautifully written book about loss, grace, and hope. There are so many quotable passages, so many complex and well-drawn characters, and more than a few paragraphs that brought tears to my eyes. This is a book I will recommend to all my friends.
 good book
 It has everything: a mystery, suspense, interesting characters, people you care about, a message of love and redemption, nostalgia and coming-of-age with a look from the present back to the early sixties. I recommend this book to everyone.
 I loved this book reminiscent of childhood growing up outside in a neighborhood where you got to know people. I loved the religious nature which showed how God works His miracles. It made sense, especially that the pastors wife was not a believer. It is a beautiful book, in spite of the loss of life.
 This is a beautifully written book.. I enjoyed it more than any book I have read in a very long time. I will read more Willim Kent Krueger.Ordinary Grace is the kind of book one reads again and again.
 The book club gave it a good review.  Personally I had not read any of the author's other books so was not familiar with his style.
 Well written, descriptive but a very easy read.<br/> Morale dilemmas and Life lessons intertwined within this story. Highly recommend this book
 I loved it - it was as predictable as the other reviews mentioned. I would definitely recommend this book - it was a great read.
 An intriguing read filled with multilayered characters. I really enjoyed the questions that pushed me to read on even though they were questions about topics I usually shy from. This is not a happily ever after book yet the ending gave me a sense of a peaceful solution. As a female I am capable of enjoying a book told from a boy's point of view. I suggested it to my husband who rarely reads fiction. He is completely caught up in this amazing story.
 Ordinary Grace is a terrific read.<br/>It is extremely well written and beautifully descriptive of both settings and inner thoughts of a young boy coming of age.<br/>This combination of mystery and the events of small town life are so artfully described that you would believe you are right there walking<br/>or biking through the town.  I want to read more of William Kent Krueger!
 I have found a new love - Krueger!  When I finished reading Ordinary Grace, I wanted to immediately read it again.  I found this book beautifully written and have shared it with all my "book friends."  I have since read three other Krueger books, none are as captivating, but all are worth reading.
 Much discipline needed to keep reading during first half - then was fast, a bit simple.  Overall, good vacation read.
 A great read.  Another book to recommend to Book Club.
 Absolutely loved this book and the tender and true prose with which the characters are brought to life.  Both a coming of age story, and a mystery set in the familiarity of small town life.  Beautiful in it's description of relationships within a family, our difficulty with accepting death, and embracing faith in the midst of uncertainty and tragedy.  Mr. Krueger finds a way to tell a believable story infused with love and hope.
 This about Grace, hope, love, forgiveness and lost innocence. I thought I would read it faster but it is not a book to skim. It is a book to devour.
 Good coming of age novel. Mystery subtext.
 A very good read.  Highly recommend.  Would also make a good movie.
 Not only an entertaining read, but a book that left me changed for the better. I am telling everyone I know to read it.
 I really like the switch that was made form the standard Kent Kreuger story as this is told from the view point of the oldest son. It is a good and gripping story that builds in intensity and has a couple of unexpected twists. I already have this author as one of my favorites and he seldom disappoints. This is a good read and I would highly recommend it.
 Could not put this book doesn't.  Krueger has the art of story telling that is rare to find today.  Be prepared to finish it in one sitting!
 This was a very well written book that lets you experience real personal growth.  I loved it.
 Didn't read it
 I did not know this author before, but now I am going to buy all his works.  This book has enough mystery to keep one up until 3 am, but it also has excellent character development.  His descriptions of the physical surroundings are eloquent.  Nice to know literature is still being written.  Outstanding story and book.
 Toward the end it was very predictable. I thought the first half was more suspenseful and interesting than the end.
 I really enjoyed this book. The characters seems very real and the story keeps you wanting to know more. A great read. Can't wait to discuss it at our bookclub.
 I'm very familiar with Minnesota's Boundary Waters territory, and I've been a hugh fan of Krueger's mystery series.  This one is almost better.  Not a mystery, but the story of one boy's summer that's written with tenderness and beautiful language.
 Ordinary Grace wasn't ordinary at all -- well-written, painful, beautiful, and redemptive.
 (First let me say that I hate that Amazon makes us do the check box for the plot before it will let us write a review.  Not all books, such as this, fall into such tight definitions. Amazon, are you listening? Get rid of those boxes.)<br/><br/>I just read a great book called, "Ordinary Grace," by William Kent Krueger.  The beauty of the book is the way it immediately transports you to a time most of us remember, a time when we drank full-sugar Cokes in glass bottles, and ate fried bologna sandwich made with Wonder Bread.<br/><br/>It's a spiritual book but not in a preachy way.  Some describe it as a coming-of-age book, but in my opinion it can't be contained by any narrow classification.  It's so much more.  It's about life, and loss, and making peace with grief and change - which, when you think about it, is what grace is.<br/><br/>As John Piper put it, "A thousand sorrows teaches a man to preach."  The book does preach, but so subtly that not every reader might recognize it as such.  To me it's about how sorrow teaches us to treasure every irreplaceably precious moment in life and about how that's not possible without forgiveness.<br/><br/>When I think about such long thoughts in my life I realize that it's impossible to love - which by definition is holding something of highest regard - without the lessons that sorrows bring.
 Great book
 Good character development.  The question of Faith and the role it plays in everyday and unusual tragic events, very relevant and thought provoking.
 The story, although predictable had me hooked from the first page.  A very warm coming of age novel. An easy read, with good character development.
 One of my favorite books I've read in a long time. Definitely a book to savor and save to read again.
 Good story.  Characters you cared about.  Wonderful sense of place.  I loved it!
 It stole my heart, took my breath away, not yet that final puff of air, but close. The story is amazing, the writing superb. I loved the characters and learned from them. I won't soon forget them.
 Absolutely the best book I've read in a while.  You become invested in the story immediately and hang on until the end.  Bought the hardcopy as I knew I would want to keep this book to read again from time to time.
 This is a beautifully written book.  My favorite books are from the view of the child and this fits that category.  It take place in a time before cell phones and computers, yet deals with issues that are current in today's world.  I highly recommend this book.
 I had no expectations.  I loved it.  Made me think of how we can all make a difference.  Just be brave. 😊
 I greatly enjoyed Ordinary Grace.  Although it was centered on the circumstances of character's deaths, it was really about relationships and forgiveness.  You won't be disappointed with this story.
 Somewhat predictable but enjoyable....somewhat reminiscent of "Stand by Me." Can see this optioned as a movie. Would recommend if enthusiastically.
 A wonderful read. Kept my interest throughout the book and sometimes I couldn't put it down.  It made me cry a couple times and I totally enjoyed the characters. Well written beautiful read.
 A beautiful story with intricately drawn characters. Reaching into the human experience of growing up, clearly reminded me of how strange &amp; fascinating adult behavior is from a tween's perspective.
 A very good book. Well written. Our book club read it. We all loved it. Highly recommended.
 Thought  provoking. Is there G-d? Does believing in God's will make life easier???<br/>Interesting questions brought forth.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time. The story was fantastic!!!! Highly recommend this book
 I loved this book.  I felt it had real heart and I felt pretty involved with the characters.  I thoroughly enjoyed every page!
 Love, love, love this book. Characters stay with you.
 This story was very touching, and beautifully written! It was a thought  provoking, insightful and moving mystery novel, ( even though I figured it out!).
 Loved the Midwestern flavor of this novel, sometimes I wondered just where the story line was going but it wasn't obvious until near the end.
 Very thought and conversation producing book. I have shared it with a couple of friends so I have people with whom to discuss it.
 The book held my attention for the entire book.
 Excellent book. Took time with character development. Heartbreaking yet healing. Only distraction was editing was a little sloppy towards the end of the book.
 This is positively the best book I have read in years.  While it recalls simpler times, the human condition is finely wrought in all its complexity.  The characters are all sympathetic in their own way and their story is totally engaging.  It is also a page-turner.
 I have always felt that it is the characters as much as the story that make for a good read. This book was rife with both.
 Just seemed that he was so enamored of his prose that the plot was secondary.<br/>Well written, as a whole.<br/>Somewhat predictable.
 This book takes you to a small town and puts you right there with its people and circumstances. You live and grow and feel with the narrator and family as a tragic time unfolds. The author paints word pictures that are natural and beautiful, picks the right details to describe and leaves you melancholy, yet peacefully fulfilled.
 Lovely book with characters seldom seen in popular fiction. It explores various aspects of spirituality with, dare I say it, grace. Bravo!!
 I enjoyed the book - it was not one of those books you couldn't put down but the story and the characters were engaging.
 Interesting book and made me think.  I appreciated the character development which made you understand many of the family dynamics.
 Was happily surprised at this simply humble yet very interesting book that I read on a whim. I never read anything by this author before but certainly plan to more in the future.
 Writing from the perspective of a thirteen year old boy, Krueger allows characters to develop and grow, all the while crafting a story that never disappoints.
 I really enjoyed this book. I had never used the Kindle "bookmark" feature before, but the Dad's sermon about how to survive great hardship is something I would like to read again and again so I used the feature for this first time.
 He instinctively understands life in a small rural  community, especially when tragedy stricks.  This story parallels a lot of my experiences growing up in a small northern Mn town and how my family handled similar losses.  Very touching.
 The book grabbed me from the very beginning.  The story is interesting and you really care about the characters.  I'm not always crazy about books whose main character or narrator is a child.  Often the kids seem too cute/precocious.  Frank seemed real.
 A truly precious story filled with thought provoking insight into death through the eyes of a young boy &amp; his younger brother.  Characters were fleshed out &amp;  not so surprisingly, all seemed to learn valuable lessons from each other throughout their lives during the summer months in 1961 ...
 I READ THIS LAST SUMMER AND IT REINFORCED MY AFFECTION FOR THIS AUTHOR.
 Any bak that brings tears is great in my opinion.  Very touching.
 One of the best books I have read in a while.  The voice makes this coming of age story.  Frankie discovers more than he bargained for.  Good imagery and vivid description (sometimes a bit much)  Sparing use of commas and semicolons caused me to have to re-read passages to straighten out details but overall a beautifully written novel.
 Having to write 20 words on this one is difficult. It really is an incredible book and I think everyone should give it a read.
 Absolutely loved this book!!! I was hooked the minute I started reading. There's just something that tugs at the heartstrings about a coming of age story and this story does not disappoint. Great read!
 This was such a moving book- I loved it!
 This novel was compelling on so many levels it is hard to recommend it highly enough. It was my first introduction to this author, and I have now begun his Cork O'Connor mystery series. Run, don't walk, to get this on your Kindle or from your library.
 Heart warming story with characters that have many levels of depth. Work of fiction that reads like truths, work of art.
 It's hard to find a beautifully written book like this one. It holds the reader's interest throughout and at the same time deals with several of life's mysteries. If you're looking for an excellent read, pick up this one.
 A lovely moving mystery, lyrical and profound. A wonderful story about family, love murder and God. It really has it all. I highly recommend this title. This is the first novel I have read by Mr. Krueger but it will not be the last.
 I lAN OUTSTANDING BOOKoved this book so much that I have probably overadvertixed it to all of my friends.  Loved it.
 This book was recommended at my book club. First time reading one of his books. I'd definitely read another. I was born in Minnesota so that had a draw for me as well.
 One of the best books I've read in years.
 From the minute, I opened this book I knew it was a winner. Well written, flows well. Interesting characters.  I loved it.
 Very different Krueger.  A real page turner.  Good book
 Okay beach read. Nothing really substantive and the writing style is just average. I found the story mildly entertaining but with so much to read available, I wish I would have skipped this one and spent my time on something better.
 Wonderful characters, suspense and well written.
 It was well written from the viewpoint of a young boy/refreshing and insightful
 loved it
 Exquisite book, so beautifully written. Characters are described in such depth and detail, you feel like it's your own family. was so sad when the book ended
 I highly recommend this book. Lovely narrative with characters beautifully realized and a plot that keeps you reading.  I was reluctant to put the book down even after I finished reading it.
 Beautiful story.
 A wonderful story that captivates and though there's much sadness leaves you feeling happy! Love the Drum family and all their goodness.
 This book is both tragic and uplifting.  It's beautifully written and helps doubters in their search for grace while at the same time providing an interesting mystery.  Although you could tell who the guilty party was before the last chapter it was none the less surprising and rivoting.  A good read.  Definitely should reside on the literary side of contemporary fiction.
 It's a great story! Thrilling and a big mystery! I couldn't put it down!  It's very Very original! It blew my socks off!
 Good book, great character development!  Will read more of William Kent Krueger...definitely a page turner .  I couldn't wait to get back to it.
 the voices of the kids were real.  Interesting insight into a small US town filled with interesting characters.
 The mood of this novel is reminiscent of Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird."  The language is beautifully descriptive, although the plot has some unbelievable twists and turns.
 I am not good at doing reviews, and don't like reading lengthy reviews that reveal the whole story. I enjoyed this book very much.....good character development and unraveling mystery that holds your interest.
 Great storytelling. Has the feel of To Kill a Mocking Bird. The characters are as interesting and compelling as the mystery.
 Krueger's narrator tells a captivating story about families and especially love between two brothers, interspersed with intriguing mystery.  The book is so well  written that even though some of the characters did not seem authentic to me the book was a most enjoyable read.
 My first time reading a book by this author.  I will definitely seek out his other books.  A very good read...I enjoyed the book tremendously.
 Enjoyable book.  The story is told from the perspective of a young boy and the author captures this well.  This was our book club choice and it was a unanimous thumbs up.  We will be reading more from this author.
 One of my favorite books.  Ever.  Good story, beautifully written.
 It was slow moving, but I finished it.
 I enjoyed this.  The characters are developed well.  The Prologue was great.  Time heals all wounds.
 Fantastic book. The preacher is such a wonderful character.
 It does give a good feel for the time period. It took me a while to read all of it.
 Wonderful characters capturing the lives of families in a small town. Imagery is breathtaking. Could not put this one down.
 Someone recommended this book to me and I'm glad they did !  Loved it. I'm going to look for more books by this author.
 A lovely read and a great gift for friends and family.
 I wouldn't have thought so, if you had asked me before,  but this was my kind of story, told well.
 Good characters and descriptions. An easy and pleasant read. I<br/>enjoyed relaxing with this book. This was not a mystery book that I was hoping for.
 I was expecting more than this book delivered as a book on the Best Seller list.
 Great book. Hard to put down. Intrigue, mystery, and suspense.
 Anyone who loves books about history, faith and mysteries will enjoy this.  A fast and easy read for both men and women.
 A very good read.
 I loved every page. Good story, but the descriptive small town life through a young man's eyes is enthralling and beautiful.
 One of the best books I have ever read.
 Engaging and profound. Loved the characters and story.  Very enjoyable read; a little too tidy at the end but also somewhat refreshing.
 I Enjoyed this fast read during a bitter cold weekend.  Although I thought I was able to predict the ending, I now realize that it was Krueger's skillful writing that leads to those conclusions.  He silently weaves the thread of faith throughout the book.  You would expect that Faith would win but not always.  Questions are asked and not answered, and explanations are given and explained later.  This was a good book about two boys coming of age during the summer of 1961.  The end it  is especially well written. Good book....
 The character development was great; and there were many "principal" characters. The narrative had a way of drawing me into the lives of these people.<br/>Love and loss, family relationships, friendships, redemption, and faith.<br/>Thoroughly enjoyed this novel.
 A very well written novel that really brings the characters to life in a way to make them seem so real.  I enjoyed this novel.
 Such a great story told from the perspective of a young boy. Takes place in a small town, but the learning experiences of everyone unfolds beautifully.
 Maybe it was because of a time I could identify with- 1963 that I found this book so touching.<br/>I could relate to the characters so vividly that when finished I felt nothing but sadness that the book had ended.<br/>I am not a religious person but of course growing up in the 1950-60's I had to go to church, it was expected and although I didn't<br/>look forward to church it was a big part of the fabric of life then and I benefited from it.<br/>Days later I am still thinking about the characters , the events of that summer long ago and a time of innocence when life<br/>we thought was uncomplicated -but of course the truth is never clear or true.
 I enjoyed this book. A very descriptive read. Tragic also. This family went through a lot in one year
 Author is good storyteller.  Story kept my interest, I didn't guess the perpetrator until just before the author revealed who it was.
 I wasn't sure at the beginning of the book as it seemed a little slow, but soon caught  up in the lives of the characters and kept me guessing until the end.
 Spellbinding with many beautiful passages
 I really enjoyed this story.  As the story unfolded the writing became stronger and stronger.  it was an enjoyable read.
 A little too slow for my taste but I stuck with it and in the end it all came together
 Took me a while to get into this, after a couple of chapters the characters and plot kept me turning the pages. I highly recommend this book.
 One of the best books I have read this year!!! I didn't want it to end!! Beautiful, extremely well written, the characters are lovable human beings... must read!
 Krueger writes very well. It was a satisfying read.
 Though at times slow moving, I was entertained by the story.  The author put some interesting twists in the plot, but not too suprising.
 Loved It!  There are several passages in the book that are among the best inspirational messages that I've read.
 Beautifully written, great character development. I really felt like I knew the people in the story and grew up with them. Highly recommended!
 William Kent Krueger writes beautifully.  The story will pull you in quickly and you'll have a hard time putting it down.  I highly recommend Ordinary Grace.  A great read.
 Very interesting read. Kept my interest until the final page.
 Great book
 A good read with tragedy and a little mystery with an uplifting end. It has the gentleness of a "To Kill a Mockingbird". I liked it.
 Ordinary people that experience life in a small town each with their own perspective of the events that confront them. Forgiveness
 Ordinary days, ordinary struggles, and resulting ordinary grace are a theme through out the challenges faced by characters in this novel.  Several memorable scenes and well written sentences will stay with me.
 This held my attention until the last quarter or so of the story.  The author telegraphed the ending- details and all.  This made it very hard to trudge through many pages of the protagonist not catching on.  I also did not need to read the last chapter which is a prologue of what the characters were doing about 40 years later.  It just didn't add to the story.  Another peeve I have is a dialogue quirk of the author.  Throughout many conversation, people repeatedly callone another by their first names.  In real conversation, that just doesn't happen.  Maybe when first speaking or to gain the other person's attention, but not peppered throughout the conversation.  If there is confusion, a simple he said or she said works fine.  It doesn't distract.
 I was intrigued that this novel was mostly written from the brother's perspective.  That really opened my eyes; seeing how a younger adolescent brother reacts to the major tragedy in the book.  The novel captured grief so poetically.
 I loved this book. Prose is so smooth. Story is compelling. Couldn't put it down
 One of the best books I've read this year..
 I loved this book so much that I gave it to my daughter for Christmas.  Krueger is indeed a talented writer who keeps the interest going throughout the book.  His characters are distinctive, and the plot is intriguing.
 Very well written and a moving story.  Some people in my book club found it sad but I was moved by it.
 An exquisite capturing of time and place, human frailty and magnificence, community, big theological conundrums, prejudice, innocence lost, wisdom gained, read too fast, ended too soon. looking up more from this author immediately.
 Loved this book!  I spent lots of late nights not being able to put it down.
 Beautifully written. I read it quickly. Great story and great characters. I recommend it.
 I loved this book! I was drawn in from the first page. It's written so beautifully, and the author captured the young narrator's voice perfectly. With a story that is both tragic and warm, the mystery unravels gently, and the result is captivating. A wonderful read.
 I was afraid this would be religious or preachy but fortunately I was wrong.  The book kept my interest.  I like that the narrator was reliable and that I was figured out the mystery as he did.
 Excellent narration, will look for more titles with this narrator.
 Good writer, holds your interest.
 Very good read with minimal violence.  I have just started another book by the same author.
 Loved this book.  Very different from his series.  A nice change.
 This was a phenomenal book I highly recommend.  I was deeply moved by the story, especially by the sermon given by the minister at his daughter's funeral and the relationships between the characters in the book.  There were definite twists in the plot that made the story intriguing.
 Still reading, can't put it down! My book club rated this a 4.8 on a 5 point scale...right on!
 Heart warming  and heart wrenching story of a boy's coming of age...Loved it!
 This is a riveting human interest story. The characters are well developed and do is the storyline. Great read! Enjoyed it.
 I enjoyed the story, a little predictable, but that's not necessarily negative.  I recommend the book.
 Reminiscent of reading “Gilead,” by Marilynne Robinson (say, I hope you two authors read each other’s works), I found a great comfort in the honest depths of faith explored.
 Great story with interesting characters
 One of the better novels I have read this year.  I highly recommend this one.
 Love this book. It is exciting and thought provoking...never a boring moment.
 Wonderful narratives. Very well written; felt the heat of the sun on my neck and the ache in my heart. Have a terrific read and end up feeling that you were there with Frank and Jake that summer.  Thank you Mr. Kruger!
 Well written compelling story.
 My favorite read of the year, this story unfolds in quiet telling.  It transports to another place and time, where summer breezes rustle through fields near the river. Characters are vivid. Human. Interesting. Innocence gives way to understanding. Baffling events perplex and haunt, yet resilience pervades. Poignant. The beauty of this read lingers long after putting it down.
 Enjoyed this book very much.  The plot held my attention (although I had the ending figured out before I finished it) and I enjoyed the nostalgic references to items from my childhood.  Good read.
 Lots of red herrings to put the reader off the scent of the killer or killers, but this is an extremely well-written murder mystery with lots of surprises sprinkled through the plot.  All in all, a very enjoyable read.
 I liked this novel.  I'm older and this story's main events are placed in the 1960's, so much of the detail of the time, morals, and pace of life appealed to me.<br/>The story centers around a small town setting with a family of five--minister husband, vibrant wife, goal oriented daughter, and two boys, the real narrator as the eldest and focal point of the piece and the younger, stuttering, introverted brother.<br/>This is the everybody in town knows everybody else's business type of story, which isn't always a good thing.  Early on, the narrator warns that several "stange" deaths occurred this particular summer in that small town, and the reasons and circumstances surrounding those deaths become VERY significant the the movement of plot.<br/><br/>Do not wish to give away plot at all, but suffice to say, looking at everything through the eyes of a young adolescent causes many missteps and incorrect assumptions which lead to other complications and plot twists.  The writer did a nice job of moving things to their conclusion in a logical manner, while managing a few shocking revelations as well.  Think you'll enjoy the read.
 A+
 A moving story. Well written.
 Wonderful book on amazing characters. Leaves u wondering about the characters and what happens next. Couldn't put it down. Quick read
 I read it some time ago.  It was well written, and I enjoyed it.  I like his Minnesota books better.
 I enjoyed this book very much. I looked forward to reading before bed and really had to stop at a chapter a night so it wouldn't end. Unfortunately, it did end! I have recommended it to several friends.
 Great read!
 This was one of my favorite books from my summer reading.  Kreugar's characters were so real I missed them when I finished the book.
 Great read!
 Excellent coming of age story.
 Wasn't sure I was going to like this, but Mr. Krueger and can and this was a very nicely done book. Passed it on to others, and they have generally enjoyed it as well.
 The story starts slow introducing characters but becomes more interesting and involved as it continues. It is a story of experiencing death accepting grief and healing  It was very moving.
 I Liked all the many characters woven through the book and interacted with each other. Proved the Minister was a devout and loving father.
 A mystery almost until the end it was written with real life characters.  No super hero, no great investigator, just the story of a family, it's tragedy and resolution.  Very well done, intriguing until the end.
 A wonderful story written with crisp and descriptive visualizations in the story. Character development is outstanding. I hated to finish this book and did not want to put it down while reading. It prompted me to begin reading the author's series of mystery books 1-14.
 I really liked this story and gained some sweet insights from it.
 From the area so it was easy to imagine it all, except the living redemption and forgiveness of this family. That was more otherworldly and striking.
 Enjoyed the story but did not see as the classic it was presented as
 Great character development and story line. Nothing better than strong family love. The story reminded me of STAND BY ME.
 Excellent ...and my old stomping grounds in Minnesota.  Didn't think I'd like the story of a minister, but he is true to character throughout and most admirable.  Highly recommend.
 loved this book and want to read more of Krueger's books
 Ordinary Grace is one of those rare novels that you want to never end and when it does you feel like you lost an old friend.  A wonderful story and beautiful writing make this a book you will remember for a long time.  I wonder if Mr. Krueger's other novels are just as good.
 This is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  I didn't want to put it down.<br/>I thought it was great!
 Very enjoyable. A book I did not want to put down. Masterfully written. Interesting characters who were well developed by the author.
 The writing is very good. Although there is sadness, it points to the human spirit and how one family deals with many tragedies.
 A little slow to the start but picks up in the middle. Good clean content. would definitely recommend
 I read this book for my mystery book club. While there is a mystery, perhaps more than one, I found it more of a "mystery of life."  What would you do faced with this situation...how would you have handled that problem...and so on.  I loved it and plan to read more by William Kent Krueger.
 Beautifully written novel which can be enjoyed by teens as well as older readers. sometimes funny, often touching<br/>Story of one Midwest family's trying summer, as told by the older of two sons. Once finished reading this work, you'll carry the family with you for weeks, at least.
 What a great book, in fact stars I could not put it down. It reminded me ofTo Kill A Mockingbird since the narrator was so young.  Loved it and recommending to all my friends
 What a remarkable Joy to read.  Savor every well written page...experience Ordinary Grace
 Excellent novel about the summer of 1961 and what happens in the lives of 2 young boys. Could not put book down as it is full of suspense. Wonderful story and a must read .
 This is a wonderfully written book about a simpler time. The characters are rich and easy to identify with. Not a lot of action but a well crafted story.
 Loved this book!  A mystery in a small town and more importantly , it takes a look of how a family handles death in different ways. Worth the read!
 This is a very well written book.  Our book club is reading it in the Spring based upon what others have said about ti.
 Not often do you find a compelling story line combined with wonderfully crafted and nuanced characters all rolled up in deeply moving and inspiring themes.  One of the best fictions I've read in a long time.
 Interesting insights into human behavior and grace&amp; mercy. Would be a wonderful book for a bookclub
 This was an excellent story that touched on the vast array of human emotions during a particular time period in a young boys life. Not only is it the accounting of tragedy that befalls his young life and family but also about the lessons he learned himself about humanity in all its forms.
 Clearly an interesting read.  You definitely pick up speed towards the end to find out who was the suspect
 Well written.  Interesting storyline.  Good for all ages/genders.  Suspenseful, thoughtful, a bit nostalgic.
 This story captured my heart. The characters are believable and their stories will stay with you long after you finished the book.
 Loved it had a hard time putting it down. The book club really enjoyed it and our discussion was enlightening.
 I enjoyed the book but figured out the plot about half way through.  That said this book is very well written and the characters are all intriguing.
 Book was quite engaging. The ending was a surprise.
 Tragic, beautiful and well written. Lovely spiritual element. Messages of forgiveness throughout.
 Loved this book.
 This story led me down a path that completely surprised me at the end.  Could not put it down!
 It was a book club read and we all agreed it is one of the best books we have read.
 Is a well written book that I really loved reading. It had me laughing, crying, and guessing throughout it's pages.
 I found this book sad but uplifting. Held my interest to the very end. Recommend as an easy vacation read.
 The personalities of each character were revealed in such a beautiful way.  I very much enjoyed Ordinary Grace.  If only we could all have pastors like Mr. Drum.
 Very well written. A wonderful book.
 Excellent and unique story about a set of events (some tragic) in an 11 year old boy's life in Minnesota in the early 1960's.  Great book for book clubs as it has some interesting discussion points at the end.  Highly recommend.
 Amazing Grace.  Do not pass this book up.  From the first few pages you feel like you know the characters.
 A whodunit but so much more. Murder in a small town seen through the eyes of an adult narrator speaking of a time when he was a young teenager. The dynamics of the town are as important as the crimes.
 Small town from the view of a 12 year old son of a pastor.  With twists and turns for every character.  I loved the epilogue too!
 I liked everything about this book.  The characters, the story, the writing...  It held my interest to the point of savor.
 Tangible characters make this a story about a family for which you develop deep feelings - that happens to have an intriguing mystery buried in it. Stands head and shoulders above anything else I have read recently.
 Great book, well written.
 A new direction for Krueger . I enjoyed the books about "up north" but this may be the start of a new series . I always look forward to his new books !
 It has mystery, a study of family dynamics and just a good story .  The characters are well established and mostly likeable.
 Great coming of age story. Wonderful writing, good plot, interesting and diverse characters. I've never read anything by by this author before but I'm certainly going to check out his other books.
 I enjoyed the story, it kept me interested until the end.  The characters were great, I liked the bond between brothers.
 A wonderful story - one of those, "you had me at hello" kind of books. It is so well written and such a compelling story, it is a page turner and kept me up way into the night! I loved it!
 Something very sweet and real about this book, I became very engaged with this family.  An easy read, and yet kept my attention. This is not Shakespeare, but I sure did like it.
 William Kent Krueger has a great way of painting a picture of everyday life in what ever time the setting is. This book gives an insight to Krueger spirituality and is a super example of how the grace of God is to be found everywhere but often where we least expect it. I liked the change from the Cork novels (but keep them coming too!). The world through a child's eyes is compelling and carved out a interesting story.
 Our book club read this selection. The exploration of relationships with the 2 brothers was very interesting and the complexity of the characters well developed. Although the book takes place in a different time period there are relevant messages for today..
 Excellent writing. Great story.
 Wonderful heartfelt story.
 This book is a very poetic parallel of To Kill A Mockingbird. It reads like a cool breeze running down the single Main Street of a town in the past. Excellent pace and plot!
 Loved this book.
 Good book
 The best book I've read in a while.  Beautifully written.  One of those books that you hate to see end, and it is a definite page turner.  I found myself staying up much later than I wanted because I found it difficult to put down.  I will seek out other titles by this author.
 Thank you to Mr. Krueger for this wonderful novel-a dramatic tale of family and forgiveness. With well-developed characters and a thought-provoking mystery to hold my attention, I was captivated throughout.
 Great summer read.  Krueger is a very good story teller who told a very compelling story with great characters and character development.  many good elements:  relationships in family, between friends, dealing with people of color in the '60s.
 I loved this book. I'm very careful about how I spend my time reading, and this book was well worth my time.
 I enjoyed reading this book about life through the eyes of a preacher's son's eye's.  Brought back some memories of what life was like in the sixties.
 Very good.
 An intriguing story of a special family in a small town in 1961. A community learns to accept a multiple group of differences.
 good job
 The story is narrated through the voice of a  boy who experienced a mysterious summer decades ago.  The plot is intriguing and keeps me turning the pages.  All the characters are fully developed and most are relatable and endearing.  I would highly recommend this book.
 Great story, held my interest and turned into a page-turner!
 I enjoyed this book, mainly because it was set in the Midwest.  But all that was going on really kept my attention.  The cleaning had to wait because I had to finish the book.
 Beautifully written. Interesting plot. This book was so good I read it in one sitting. Recommend for all adults, particularly those who see grace in the written word.
 Can not praise this book enough so full of  love, suspense and reality of life that can be embraced no matter what when seen through the eyes of God.
 A wonderful story ... a family that's been through so much.<br/>The characters are so real and I felt as if I was right<br/>there with them.  Great book!
 Beautifully written, meaningful for all ages dealing with death, love, coming of age etc.  Has the same atmosphere as Mockingbird.
 I loved this book!  The characters are so real, &amp; the common theme of growth through pain &amp; forgiveness  will keep you turning pages!
 tightly written; my interest and concern kept the entire time.  I have read many  C.J. Box's novels.  He has a rare and raw talent. my ex would be with the character Nate. scary too.
 Great read.
 Lovely story.  Good character development .
 Interesting
 A very well written story of two brothers who lose much of their innocence during several unfortunate events. Understated and profound, an emotion evoking book.
 A real mind opener.  Full of events that made the young man's recollection of his past heart warming and sad at the same time  Characters very true to life.
 I was delightfully surprised and moved by the main characters of this story. Young boys in the early 60's so innocent but wise beyond their years told the story so rich with feeling I was swept up completely. By the time the story was complete and everything was unfolded, I was again surprised by my emotion overflowing at the wisdom of "God's awful grace" concluding the mature man revisiting his youth in the epilogue. Great read, and I feel touched by His grace.
 Great read highly recommended
 An excellent book!  Passed it on to my mother who also thoroughly enjoyed.  Will be looking at reading other books by Mr. Krueger.
 Excellent story and excellent writing
 How a family copes after a tragedy
 One of the best books I've ever read.  This was a true study of character and very believable.
 Sad to feel it end.  Finally!  First really good story I've read in awhile.  I loved the characters, the build-up to events and the general mood of the book.  Excellent!
 I enjoyed this.  Good characters and an interesting plot. A few red herrings and tension as readers were made aware early on that there would be more deaths... A coming of age story as the young boy comes to grips with grief and loss.
 I liked the characters and could relate to the small town life of the 60s.  The mystery kept me reading as well as the development of the characters.
 It was a murder mystery and yet it was a history of a family and the times in which they lived. The author brought the characters to life and painted a picture of the town and time.
 This is one of the best books I've ever read, certainly the best I read in 2014.  I haven't read Krueger's Cork O'Connor series, but I suspect this is not like those books.  Truly an awesome book, well-deserving the awards it won.  Should appeal to a general audience, not just mystery lovers.
 i always enjoy Mr. Krueger books, especially the Cork O'Connor books.  He is a good writer and I have recommended his books to others
 Story kept my interest.  Good character and plot development. However, I was able to figure out who did it before the end of the book.  But still a very good read.
 ENJOYEDTHE BOOK
 I recommend this book if you enjoy reading  about family ties, small town mysteries and the unusual ways that each of us recall the same events- I enjoyed the author's writing style a lot.
 Krueger writes great descriptions of the settings and his characters.  Was kept guessing until the the end.  One of those books I can't stop thinking about.
 Great story, great writing...would recommend it to anyone.
 One you will talk about for a long time.... This is no ordinary story.  You will question yourself and your motives throughout.
 Wonderfully written story of life and the awful grace of God. Thoroughly enjoyed this book, will read more by this author. The characters were so rich and vibrant.
 Krueger is a master of character development. In fact, he made this 50-year old woman feel the emotions of the young male protagonist. Some of the sentences were so beautifully written that I read them two or three times.
 Great author - his work gets better with each new book.
 Great story, found a new author1
 One of the best written books I have read in awhile, great story as well. Highly recommend reading this terrific story
 Great book!!!
 Great read, especially for a cross-country flight!  Wonderful character development and story-line.  Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 It is not the most profound book I've ever read and the plot is somewhat predictable, but it was worth the time. Small-town America with heart.
 This is a beautifully written, quietly eloquent story about compassion, forgiveness, the horror and aftermath of war and the strictures of small town life in the early 1960S. It's also a mystery. The characters are so well drawn. I was sorry to see it end.
 Another well written story from William Kent Krueger.  Bought this for our book club discussion and it certainly did produce discussion.  Well developed characters and interesting story line.
 Interesting read however I figured out who the culprit was before it was disclosed in the book.
 I read to be entertained, and I won't tolerate poor writing. Krueger has a deft way with words, and his characters are well developed and multidimensional.  Good plot work, and a satisfying ending.
 Loved William Kent Kruegers new book Ordinary Grace! Although totally different then his Cork O'Connor series Ordinary Grace still contained  mystery and suspense. I would highly recommend it!
 Excellent
 Beautiful writing style.  Real faith with honest,raw, jagged edges of pain eclipsed by severe mercy.
 Running a book club with over 150 women.....is no small feat....but this book was over the top sensational, and everyone loved it.  This is one of the best books I have ever read...truly.  It really reads like a To Kill A Mockingbird.  What a story!! Hope it becomes a movie!!
 What a journey! So well written that I felt like I knew the boy, like he was mine. Excellent work!
 Great book. Held my interest while trying to read as fast as I could. Feel like the characters have stayed with me.
 I thought the book well written and held my interest. I enjoy young people as the main characters.
 i loved this book. very entertaining. it reminded me of to kill a mockingbird. nice work, Krueger
 This is a wonderful book. I read a lot and I would say this is the best read of 2015.
 William Kent Krueger is an extraordinary writer.  He captures your heart with his incomparable character development!  This is one of the best books I have read!
 I was disappointed when this book ended.  Always the mark of a great story!
 Great read, great story, very well written!
 I really enjoyed Ordinary Grace. A very good book that I highly recommend. You won't want it to end .
 While it was an easy read it never really connected with me. The writing style is straight forward and the theme thoughtful but somewhat far-fetched.
 I read this in one setting...loved it so.
 used for book club
 One of the best books I have read this year.  A wonderful story of love and faith and growing up.
 Loved this book!
 Well written with excellent character portrayal.  The underlying significance of the title of this book is artfully created.  Very good read.
 I finished the book. That says a lot.
 I actually liked this book a lot.  Well written, it's a story told that maintains your attention.
 Ordinary Grace is a perfect commentary on death, love and grief.
 Good, interesting story that kept me captivated. However,  I felt the end was rushed and wanted more resolve from the outcome of the final revelations.
 Real people with real problems observed  and participated in by a transitioning 13 year old boy into manhood. The toughest leaning experience........coming to grip with adulthood and it's limitations but still sustained by Love and Family.
 So unlike his other novels, this is so much more than a mystery.  It is a beautiful reminiscence of childhood and relationships.  The characters are so alive.  Loved it
 This beautiful, though tragic, story is told through the eyes of the pastor's son.  I liked the honesty of this point of view.  The story was intriguing and surprising in the ending.
 One of the best books ever. Milked it even more the second time around.
 Wonderful in-depth visit to small town America during a life changing summer for the narrator who relates the story many years later.
 Well written, well told story with rich characters and great imagery. Truly enjoyed this book. Perfect book for book club, sparks lots of discussion.
 A touching coming of age story that took place in the early 60's.  A throwback to a simpler time with windows into the depths of tragedy and despair peppered with hope and joy.  I loved this book.
 Wonderful book with rich characters. Really enjoyed it.
 A fast-paced novel from the perspective of a 13 year old boy who becomes involved in mysterious events in his small town.  The author combines an intriguing plot with insight into the characters and their motivations.  A great read!
 Very good read....keeps you interested.
 Ordinary Grace was a well written surprise story! It more than met my expectations and I will be reading more of Krueger' snooks! Love finding a new author and sharing his books!
 What a gem! I was attracted to the title--who thinks of grace as ordinary??--and the book turned out to be a rich, suspenseful memoir of a boy's summer filled with wonder and tragedy. I enjoyed the descriptive writing and the small town setting as well as the characters. I cared about their lives and then trauma they endure...very enjoyable read.
 Loved this book.  It is a wonderful read and since it was the same time that I was growing up I related to so many things.  We ways think as the past as such a better time for people but this shows that the problems of us human beings doesn't belong to one era.  That is why to Kill A Mockingbird is such a wonderful book for all generations
 I purchased it because the first person character fit into my age and geography.  It ws a light, quick read which I needed because of the heavy, mind bending books that I have been force feeding.  I especially liked the character's pastor/father who portrayed the steady, non-judgmental, faith-based person I would like to be.
 Five deaths frame the summer of 1961 for thirteen-year-old Frank Drum. You will quickly be able to guess the plot, but the lyrical descriptions of faith, forgiveness and grace elevate this to a must read.
 Enjoyed The Who dunnit in this book, the scene descriptions and the characters. The time period was interesting, recalling a time before cell phones.
 OK but Krueger has done better.
 An amazing story that will take you on a wonderful journey of ordinary life events! Twist and turns and thought provoking writing makes for an awesome read!
 A very good read! Loved it.
 This book kept me interested and connected to the characters.  Even their flaws made me understand them better. While there was some predictability, overall, I enjoyed this read.
 I enjoyed this book very much. It kept me coming back for more.  I will be reading more of Mr. Krueger's books.
 I loved this book. It is beautifully written and keeps your interest all the way through the book.
 A fairly depressing story of a killing in a small town, but told with great insight to the personalities and lives of the principle players.
 Great character development. The author makes you feel as if you are there as a close observer to all that's happening in the novel. A great human interest story.
 William Kent Krueger has become my latest favorite authors. He gives you a real feeling for the people and places in his books. It's suspense with a mellow touch.
 I really enjoyed this story of a 13-year-old boy caught in some very grown-up situations one summer 40 years ago.  The characters are very well-developed and believable, and the mystery keeps you hanging until the end.  Great book!
 Great metaphors. I loved the boy's voice.
 Very interesting look at a small town, a few well drawn characters and a family in crises.<br/><br/>Enjoyable and easy to read.  The story unfolds with just enough mystery to keep you turning pages.  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a good read, no matter  the genre.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a while. I had read a few reviews and it did not disappoint.  I will now add a few of the authors other books to my list for future reading.  Although I figured it out about 75% through, I wanted to see how he got to the conclusio.
 Great read.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this novel.  A well written book with very likable characters.  The story was capturing.  Loved it and highly recommend it  A great read.
 Great writing and a great read. Really enjoyed this book!
 Wonderful book, uplifting and spiritual.  I look forward to reading more by the same author.
 I enjoyed this book.  Would read another by Mr. Krueger for sure.
 Great book
 Since I grew up in that Era, I related to much of the happenings in this book. I also grew up in a small rural area. Not sure if everyone can relate.
 This is one of the best books that I have read in a long time.  It is one that I could enjoy reading again.  I liked the plot and especially the adventures of the brothers in the book.
 This is a lovely rich and poignant story well told. When I first started and realized it was about 4 deaths, I was concerned that the book would be heavy or too depressing. But it's not. It's a coming of age story written beautifully with kindness and grace.
 This is a very well written book with spiritual threads woven throughout. I loved it and found it hard to put down!
 A look inside an inquisitive 13 year old boy's life!  Full of suspense and love of family.  A good read!
 Ordinary people coping with family secrets, coming of age for baby boomers in the 50's and the hope of comfort within faith of God's grace. A compelling read and worthy of being read again.  It moved me to tears for many reasons.
 It was unexpectedly well-written and a beautiful story unfolded.
 This is a great book.  I felt it was well written and really transported me to the time and place.  Beautiful.
 Could not put it down, that's very unusual for me. Could not anticipate next "happening" &amp; for sure reason for title. Have already ordered on Kindle next bk to be available in Aug. Thanks! L
 Good  reading for  my evening. I loved the title . It captured the father and family. We all have "ordinary Grace". We just need to listen and follow through!
 Consistent characters. Small hints. A story of human interactions with the mystery more a secondary plot.
 A really decent book about a family, their relationships with one another, their love for one another, and a very special father who holds them all together through the trials and tribulations of life.
 One of the best books I have ever read!  SOOOOO good.  It kept my interest from the first page.  The plot is really great, and also very thought-provoking.
 Not just a novel, this is a piece of literary fiction: well written and well crafted. The reader cares about the characters, and the characters learn and grow into wisdom.
 A well told story of life and death.
 I loved the development of Frank and Jake.  It show us that children have more insight than we give them credit for .  I'm going to choose this for my book club selection.  I would have ,however ,liked to have learned more about the real connection between Gus and Nathan and the secret they carried for many years after the war .
 Krueger paints a painfully beautiful story of family, love, loss, and tragedy through the eyes of a perceptive young boy. I highly recommend this novel.
 A very intelligent mystery of a family in rural Minnesota as the backdrop. Beautifull told by the 13 year old son.  The father demostrates s grace that is absolutely beautiful without being preachy. Best book i have read in a long time.
 I'm 68 years old and this book landed right in my age group.  I enjoyed the the story line,the charactors,and the time frame.  Even given that there were some untimely deaths, that did not seem to be the jist of the story.  The thought processes that these young men had were similar to my own at that age.  I highly recommend It.
 I really enjoyed reading this book. Fictional, but written in memoir style from the point of view of a 13-year-old boy, I found the story captivating. A good read.
 This is the best book I have read in a long time. Well written. Hard to put down.
 Everyone in our book club loved this one!  I loved the relationships and the writing style. I will read more of his books!
 Very intriguing story line, interesting characters all made for a great read.
 A good quick read for book club or voracious reader. Great read on iPad , Kindle to easily have words defined!
 Kudos to Mr. Krueger for creating these multi-faceted characters, revealing the strength and tenderness of relationships, and inspiring the reader to examine the truths that we live by. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I love Frankie, his brother, and his father. The book left me wanting more.
 One of the best books read in a long time and I am a voracious reader.  I am sure you will enjoy this coming of age, murder mystery, love story.
 This is a marvelous book. The characters and the story line kept me engrossed to the - surprising - end. I have purchased copies for my friends. Mr. Krueger knows how to tell a story. Recommended!
 This is a great book - one of my favorites!  The way the author used the narration of the adult talking about his life as a child and the way he put everything together with him and his family as adults was very interesting and inspiring.  I would highly recommend this book!
 Powerful story with rich characters you come to know like your own and believe you were there when it all happened.
 Nice story set in the 60's however the plot was just a little too predictable for my taste
 "Ordinary" Grace and the awful grace of God are phrases not unfamiliar to me... Krueger weaves an amazing story: authentic and sensitive... full of twists and turns...
 Very good read. Kept you wondering all the way through. Great writing!!!
 Very good book, about ordinary people, but the father, Nathan, keeps all involved, sane and without hate. It taught a lot about compassion.
 A real winner and I couldn't put it down. Spiritual, but not religious and was very well written.
 It started out rather slow but became a beautiful read.  It travels the plethora of emotions that we all experiences.
 I loved this book so much and this author's writing about the Iron Range of Minnesota and the Ojibwa Indians.  This is a stand alone read that is so beautifully, you are upset the book has come to a  end.  I immediately started his Cork O'Connor series and have loved the series as well
 Excellent book!  Great coming of age story of a 13 year old boy and his younger brother set in a small town in the early sixties.  His father is a Methodist pastor. A tragedy occurs and all the family's faith is tested.  Great discussion book.  Many good themes.<br/>Many characters and author does a good job of character development.  You can just picture life and the people in this town in the sixties.
 Mix To Kill A Mockingbird, Stand by Me and Gilead, and you will have a feeling of all the literary, insightful, compelling and moving qualities of this novel.
 Enjoyable, well written.  Makes you think.
 I have purchased and read all of Mr Kruegers books, and will do so as long as I'm alive, this book was a different venue than all of his other books but still enjoyable.
 My Book Club will be discussing this book next week. I hope they all enjoyed it as much as I did.<br/>I loved the depiction of a small town  and an interesting cast of characters.
 Beautifully written especially for a mystery. It keeps you guessing till then end
 I loved the characters in this book! What a pleasure to read....a cross between "A River RunsThrough It" and StandBy Me" I recommend this book!
 Great character development, interesting story line, a who-done-it that keeps you wanting to turn the next page. This book feels like a slice of america, with characters that you can identify with and a story that could have taken place in any small town.
 Keeps you guessing! Love his books!!
 I enjoyed reading Ordinary Grace.  I have passed the book to others and they agree the book was well written and enjoyed it.
 This was a great read for our book club!  We all loved it!  We could relate to the small town and time era.
 THE NARRATOR HAS A SMOOTH CALM SADNESS IN THE TELLING OF THIS STORY.<br/>THIS IS A GOOD READ.
 I enjoyed it so much that I bought it for my son and his wife for Christmas.
 An excellent writer and good story. A good read.
 Tremendous study in character development and plot holds your interest.
 Wonderful story about two boys growing up and learning about life.  You really care about the characters.  Beautifully written.
 Excellent character development. The story line moved fluidly and kept my attention throughout. I was sorry to have it end.
 Was surprised to learn that the story had a lot to do with faith, doubt and struggle. Enjoyed it more than I thought I would. Good plot, not too predictable and well developed characters.
 I am a constant reader and this may be the best book I have ever read. Nothing like his other books.  Hope to read more like this from<br/>Kreuger.
 When I started this book, I didn't think I would like it, but in the end, I really enjoyed it. It is a nice coming-of-age story mixed in with some very astute life lessons
 BOOK CLUB REQUEST, LONG DRAWN OUT , HARD TO FOLLOW.
 Very well written, great character development and a sad but interesting story.  Keeps you turning the pages.
 A little slow going in the first third., but it picks up and then you can't put it down.  Well developed interesting characters.  Good twists and turns, even if you suspect what'll happen next.
 One of the best written, thought provoking books I’ve read in a long while
 This book is beautifully written, telling a tale of tragedy from the viewpoint of a 13 year old who is both brave and wise. It explores life and death through a lens fractured like a kaleidoscope. A gem.
 This is a 'hard to put down' book.  Very, very well written.  I love getting to 'know' the characters as this author really has a way with words.
 This selection by my book club was definitely a good one, and I'm anxious to hear the responses of the other members. I will refer to it in the future to reread the moving sermon given after the death of the pastor's daughter. It was hard to put this book down, even though I had figured out who the guilty party was fairly early in the book.
 He's a lovely writer.  A good coming-of-age story.
 Wasn't sure I would like this book at the beginning but wound up loving it!!  Great read.
 Well written. Held my interest. Want to read his mystery series now.
 4.5 stars. Saw the primary reveals coming but didn't mind because of the exceptional writing.  Zesty interior dialogue with deliciously relatable kinds of nostalgia, both raw and caramelized. First time reading this author's work and have nothing but respect for how easily digestible this bona fide literature was from beginning to end. Great entertainment.
 Heartwarming, tragic, and ultimately uplifting !  A wonderful book, beautifully written.  I recommend it highly. ( I listened to the audio version, excellently read by Rick Orlow.)
 An excellent book. If I hadn't read the note that said it was a work of fiction, I would have believed it was a true story. Telling was magnificent.
 A great book!!
 The best book I have read in a long time.  It kept me captivated and I could hardly put it down.  An excellent storyline, very well written, and with much wisdom for all.
 Loved this book, loved the way it was written, it allowed me to get a clear picture in my mind of the setting and characters!
 Having read most of the Cork O'Conner books I knew Krueger to be a good mystery writer who developed characters that were believable and that I cared about.  This book is perhaps his best ever- in some ways it reminds me of the movie Stand By Me in its pacing and narrative.  While the ending was not a surprise it still kept me engaged to the very last word.
 When community members disappear and then are found dead, the family is threatened and placed in one pressure situation after another. There are no easy solutions. How family members cope with tragedy and survive with dignity and grace makes for a fascinating read.
 The author captured the era. The characters are realistic. Great story.
 One of the best reads this year.  I loved the character development and the deeply emotional relationships.
 Couples with suspense and drama in a small town. The trials of life and death simply and beautifully written. Enjoyable and a bit predictable read.
 This book has forever changed my life by showing just how wonderful it is to forgive<br/>through God's Grace.  A beautifully written story of sadness, love and respect and<br/>just how much we all need to be understood and to be loved.
 I've read other books by this author and found this one to be a different style of writing. The story was intriguing and held my interest to the end.  All in all quite enjoyable. I would highly recomend it.
 Ordinary Grace is a book that has stuck with me long after I read it. There are many layers to it. The characters are very well developed. The detailed descriptions bring the settings and characters make the story easy to visualize in one's mind. It caused me to think about life and my spirituality.
 Great character development and description in a story of simple, small town Americans with interesting histories and complex personal lives.
 One of the best books I've ever read. Right up there with To Kill a Mockingbird.
 This book is one of the best books I've read...and I read a lot. William Kent Krueger evokes all emotions in "Ordinary Grace".  I laughed and I cried, a lot. Any author that is able to do that is gifted. Read this book and walk away thinking about the "ordinary" grace that truly blesses us every day.
 This is a great book. Everyone in our book club gave it five stars!!! A great read.
 The story is not really new...definitely a coming of age tale and the struggles of small town living but the characters will speak to you on so many levels...the boys, oh those boys...a must read...
 The book was a joy to read. Krueger has an easy, flowing, writing style. Added to that a wonderful, heartfelt story which adds up to a book that is hard to put down, once started.
 Well developed characters. Satisfying structure with no extraneous details. Insightful regarding the emotions and motives of the characters. Great plot and ending.
 I have read all the books in his northern MN series and loved them. This is a stand alone novel and it is very touching and well written. Definitely worth reading.
 Anne.<br/>A lovely and sensitive portrayal of the complexity of relationships .  Wonderful characters  -  both admirable and not .
 This was a book club selection. Not my normal choice-read, however, I did enjoy this book.
 Great story; well written. A page turners; enjoyable from beginning to ending.
 He weaves an intriguing narrative interlinking causes and effects. Part of what held my interest was it's told by a 53 year old reflecting on events from when he was 13.
 Enjoyed the story greatly. Just a bit drug out with its going on and on. However i still teared up at the end of the story for i'd grown to care for the characters.
 If loved this book and felt the writing was superb.  I want to read more by this author
 Good flow and very captivating.  Read on my Kindle and did not want to put it down.  Liked the character detail.
 A beautifully written story about a tragedy  That threatens a family and how they work through it thanks to the grace of God.
 An unusual book that truthfully and beautifully portrays real people living believable lives. The story is narrated be thirteen year old Frank as learns about death and God's awful grace.
 From the beginning until the last chapter, this book was captivating. A story of loss and life, of forgiveness and surrender. Krueger is a colorful storyteller. A good read.
 loved his writing.  Kept me engrossed.  We read this as a book club.  very enjoyable.
 I loved the writing and the characters.  The story, which has many different dimensions, addresses issues that are still relevant today.
 Well written. Interesting characters. I read this on loan to my Kindle.  I liked it well enough that I boughtntwo copies for Christmas gifts.
 A beautiful, moving, heartfelt story... I've instantly become a William Kent Krueger fan!
 Page turner! This Author knows his characters and when you finish they will stay with you. A true American portrait!
 This book snuck up on me. I thought it was going to be predictable and boring because the plot was significantly foreshadowed. But I have to say that I was very moved at its conclusion.
 Beautiful and sensitive. Well written. Excellent character development. Beautifully descriptive. A novel of pain and redemption. The title is perfect.
 Engaging story. Captures feeling of life in a small town.  Couldn’t put it down.
 Wonderful, can't begin to put it down book.<br/>Most believable, relatable characters in recent fiction.<br/>In short, GREAT!
 Pretty good book but it has some dark spots which may be a little much for some people.
 Great story.
 Loved this book. With all the tragedy and sadness it was still uplifting. Worth reading
 I bought this book by accident but so glad I did.  Very good read!  I couldn't put it down until I finished it!  Now I want to read more from this author!
 Very well written.  Moves right along with some nice twists and turns.
 I really enjoyed this book. Very well written!
 Two brothers growing up in small town America. Highly recommend.
 This is such a moving story.  I cried and laughed and prayed along with the characters.  This is a can't miss.
 LOVE this book.  What a pleasant reading experience, and great messages.  Perfect title.
 Fabulous
 This was an amazing read....I could not stop reading it.....It will grab at your heart strings for sure. Had never read anything by Krueger but want to dive into more if they are like this one...
 A complex thriller with an amazing, unexpected underlying strain of spirituality.  An underlying thread of grace.
 My brother said it was the best book he'd EVER read, my sister, a librarian recommended it. First time we've all agreed in 20 years. I wish I could have selected  hopeful, dark, nostalgic, suspenseful &amp; thoughtful.
 Great read as always with this author.
 What a phenomenal book.  I have read all Krueger's books and am the biggest Cork O'Connor fan ever.  This is a departure but a wonderful story of a boy's transition into adulthood.  It covers one summer when he was thirteen.  He had to grow up because of all the challenges he faced, one devastating.  At the end of the book you realize this is a powerful book of faith and one I'd recommend to everyone.
 A riveting read!  Could not put it down....didn't want it to end!
 This was a wonderful story with the wonderful ending. Really takes you back in time
 Good story with small town atmosphere but similar to "Everything I Never Told You" by Celeste Ng , which was more creative.
 A splendid novel by a gifted author. Suspenseful and true to life.
 The prose was outstanding which often takes away from the story.....This is a grandslam home run.
 Well written  -  good perspective throughout from the 13 year old Frank's perspective.
 A must read.
 Enjoyed the book very much.  Looking forward to meeting William Krueger on Monday evening at the Rialto Theater in Loveland Colorado.  And I will get some of his other books to read.
 Excellent story about real life issues and a story of a family captured by events.
 This book was recommended for the church book club to read. I really enjoyed it. Kept my attention all the way.
 An easy, enjoyable read
 A truly great book from the beginning.  I loved how he told the story of great  loss, and of the simple grace of handling it. A story many of us might experience in life.  Do read this!
 beautifully written
 I LOVED  this book.  It is real, full of honest life , the good and the bad,  It is a story of deep faith, sorrow, courage, young brother's explorations, community, finding the will to go on and the power of God's grace in the worst of times.
 Everyone knows everyone else and their business, but it's the simplicity of their relationships that kept me intrigued.  Good read.
 This is the best book I've read for a long time and it will be my choice for my book club to read.  I just loved it!
 A book that makes you feel nostalgic about your youth. A time when kids had the freedom to wander the town and surrounding nature exploring and in the process learning about themselves and their family. Touching and sad in some parts but ultimately a "feel good" book not in the sense that the author ties up the story in a neat little bow but in that the characters learn about themselves and about the sacrifice of forgiveness.
 Excellent story.  Easy read.
 Loved it so much I gave five copies to friends and family at Christmas and got my sister to read it...It was so good...will be a classic, I think.
 I really enjoyed this book although parts of it were very sad. The characters were very well developed and although I do not consider myself a religious person, I very much liked the spiritual side of it.  It showed the spiritual side of one man without being preachy or patronizing. It also was an engaging mystery. I was anxious to get to the end and the epilogue.
 Loved it.  It was hard to put it down.
 I found this to be a coming of age novel. I enjoyed it very much.
 My times best seller a good summer read
 I enjoyed reading this novel.  I found myself not wanting to put this book down.  The characters are rich and they grew on me.
 This man has never written a bad book, and this is one of his best.  It is a story that grips you right from the start and you want to finish it in one day.  I honestly can not find fault with one thing, and recommended it to everyone
 I have read and loved all of Mr. Krueger's books.  I wish he had more for me to read.
 This is an excellent book and would make a great movie
 Ordinary Grace<br/>I think this was a great story about family in community. Frank and Jake were two detectives trying to figure out life.
 Loved this book. Great character development.
 I really enjoyed this book a lot. It is a great coming-of-age story that resonates well with those that grew up in small towns as well as with the deep spiritual background.
 Beautifully and gently written slice of small town America in the 60s. Though there are tough parts of the book the over arching mood was gentle,great character development. .as you can tell I loved the book.
 I agree with the other 1000 + who also gave this book 5 stars.  Well written, excellent story.  So glad I read it.
 A good story that is timeless and we'll written as well
 I liked the book very much as I too grew up in the Midwest right below Minnesota in Iowa. I could relate to that time period and food served and the people involved. There was warmness and darkness involved with the characters. I was especially fond of Frank, who was wise beyond his years.<br/>A good read.
 One of the BEST BOOKS I have  read.
 I couldn't, put this book down.  The story is riveting and the characters are real. I would highly recommend it.
 Great read!  Really enjoyed it.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I am an avid follower of his Cork O'Conner series.  Although this book is not of the series, it stands as his best work yet.  I am waiting for more work from him.
 I enjoyed the book so looked into his other books.  I was not impressed with his sherrif Corcoran book #4
 I enjoyed reading this book - cried at times. Good characters.
 This was an interesting book.  The Preacher's compassion is what keeps this book moving. All the characters have a major role in this book which keep it interesting.
 This should be required reading in all schools! Right up there with "To Kill a Mockingbird"
 Truly a memorable story.  I has surprises and is very inspiring.
 Ordinary Grace is a great read that is times heart wrenching .  Any of us who grew up in a small town will recognize  the characters so vividly described in this heartwarming novel.
 Enjoyed it, and will pick another of his books to read.
 The author is a great storyteller.
 A wonderful book that is well written and memorable. I've read hundreds of books and this is in my top 10.
 I liked this book and the characters. My favorite was the dad. He had a solid faith that's helped his family weather the tough things that happened to them.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I couldn't put it down - read it in less than 2 days. wonderful story.
 I have been a fan of Kent Krueger since his earliest books came out, and I always enjoy the read. This one is a bit different, but still a terrific read.
 Really enjoyed the book at the time but I often forget the books I read, probably do the fact I trad a book a week. Ordinary Grace really monopolized my thoughts long after I read it.<br/>K. Bistrin
 Amazing book!  I felt as though I knew the characters personally and could relate to each of them.  One of the best books I have read in a very long time.
 Krueger has written a stunning book.  The simplicity of the words and setting contrast throughout the book with the depth of the issues: death, loss, murder, fate.  I couldn't put it down.
 Great character development, a who done it, and good writing skills is what's offered to the reader.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read!  A very emotional and heart-wrenching story.  One I will remember for a long time.
 I ended up reading this in one fell swoop: couldn't put it down even when I'd already figured out the solution to the "whodunit" part.
 This book told a story that anyone can relate to. How quickly life can change and how we cope. From the perspective of a young man in the early sixties in rural Minnesota.
 I liked the book.  A good character description; a story of family, a mystery!<br/>A combination of so many things, but in the end a beautiful story of grace for all of us.
 Good book
 I liked the book.  It was easy to follow and short chapters!  It was not the most suspenseful mystery I've read but sort of a lazy summer day kind of book that does not require much of the reader.
 Wonderful story.  Best book that I've read in some time!
 This book grabs you from page one with a gripping story.  Well written, lovely insights, just a delight to read
 This book is excellent...time and place and great characters.  Several examples of grace that are heart-warming
 What a great book.  Was thought provoking and entertaining.
 What a terrific book.  One of my favorites this year!
 Deeply pulled into the history of this family  I still think about the story of Frank and Jake  captivating
 this was a very compelling tale, well-written and compassionate.  i liked the unraveling of the mystery which was very believable and poignant.
 It is a great reflective book of ones life journey
 Well written and  engaging.  I like that it is written from the point of view of a young male .  I would recommend this book and have.  In fact I have already downloaded another book by this author.
 The book is interesting, well written, and excellent. I highly recommend it. This genre is loaded with amateurs, but this author is one of the best.
 Really nice. Human story. Theological undertones not in your face.
 Four stars for this book.  Though somewhat morbid,  it held my interest and it was not a predictable ending.
 Great book
 Never have I read a more beautiful murder mystery.  I don't even know what genre this is, but it is new and fresh and strung together by words that makes our hearts lovely.
 A story of family, God, miracles, getting to know oneself and some mystery. An OK easy book to read.
 Well written.  Great story.  Couldn’t put it down but hated to finish it!
 Great story
 I enjoyed it, easy reading and very well written.
 Beautiful writing, intrigue.
 Kept my interest and made the characters real to me.  It is now 1:55 a.m. and I could not stop reading.
 Well developed characters and interesting twists.  Have read many of his other works.  Krueger stayed at our Lake Michigan cottage some years ago.  Was fascinating to watch them write.
 Well written. Came at a time when I really needed
 An interesting story that keeps you turning page after page. Ordinary Grace is an extraordinary work that will have you wondering about a higher power and weeping at the possibility of one while discovering how this age old dilemma shapes the Drum family and the small community in which they live.
 So well written it seems like a true story. Very believable characters and events.
 Not usually a William Kent Krueger fan.  But it was chosen for book club.  Was surprised at how much I liked it.  Good story.
 After reading a book this beautifully written, I feel anything I say will sound trite and hollow. My hope is that you will enjoy the book as much as I did. It's words will heal your heart and set you free.
 I thought this was a magical book to read ... and so I read it in two sittings, which is really rare for me. My only complaint (oddly) is that it wrapped up too much in the end. I might have been happier to have been  left wondering what was obvious about the conclusion.
 This was a book I couldn't put down.  I really enjoyed it, especially since I live in the area where the fictional story takes place.  I look forward to reading other books by this author.
 This novel enmeshes you into the daily lives of two young boys immediately and draws on your heart strings.
 Exceptional character development and insight along with a good story line make for an unforgettable read!
 Easy read.  Kept my attention throughout the book.  I love this author.  This was different for him and I think I like it even better.
 An enjoyable read
 This was a tremendous story - well written, spiritually engaging and surprising.
 An opportunity to be a very young man coming of age in a small Minnesota town. With murders. The atmosphere is remarkably well done. Every character slowly comes to have a complex life and complex relations with people whom we do not at first see as important.  The central character grows credibly, slowly and suddenly. We come to see that nowhere is bleak and empty, and every human has an inner life. Why am I not giving this beautiful strange book at least a 4? It's not Moby Dick? I want there to be more power? I don't want to be an almost grown boy? There must be many more conflicts and much more drama than we are allowed to see? I want there to be more levels ? But read it. It is unforgettable.
 Very well written
 Started off a little slow but then picked up. I did not want to put my kindle down until I was finished. I had a hint of the ending but was still surprised with " who done it."
 An enjoyable read with some great characters
 It was a good read.  I couldn't put it down.  Best book that I have read in awhile!.
 Good character development
 Well written -- takes you back to the thirteen-year-old mind.
 A good summer read.  Well written.
 This was one of the best books I have read in a long time. Being from a minister's family, I felt that Krueger really understood the pressures associated with being a PK.  I loved the boys' adventures and the truth portrayed through the dad.
 themes are universal  and,  at the same time, very personal.  The main characters are well developed and made me feel for each one.  This is a provocative  and soul searching book that I wouldn't hesitate recommending to others!
 Favorite author, one of his best.
 Extraordinary read!
 A wonder full novel, I usually would by pass and go to something that' would relate to my writing
 I gave this book 5 stars as it was beautifully narrated by a 13 year old boy. Tragedy hits his town and family one summer and he and his brother try to make sense of the senseless. The characters are well developed and believable and the mystery of the murders are slowly developed.
 It is a joy to read a book that is so beautifully written. It captures and keeps your attention to the last page. One of my favorite reads
 A beautifully book written from a young boy's perspective. Interesting how the young can have a better understanding of life than some adults.  A solemn story with many interesting thoughts on God, forgiveness, consequences, honesty, patience, kindness, on &amp; on.  Just read it.
 Ordinary Grace was a selection chosen as one of the books we wanted to read. Most times we are split on whether we like a book or not - everyone in the book club liked this book. One book club member said it was the best book we had ever chosen!
 Loved this book.
 Rarely do I write a revue, but "Ordinary Grace" is the first novel I have read by William Krueger and I highly recommend his writing both in form and content.  The story captures one"s interest immediately!  The characters seem real and very human in their emotions.  I will continue to read William Krueger's novels.
 very good read. first time i've read anything by this author and i will check out his other works.
 Good read
 I loved everything about this book. The characters, the spin of story, mystery, intrigue, humor, sadness, faith, and grace.  I plan to read more of Mr. Krueger's books.
 Page turner.  Good, fast read.
 Great read
 I just loved it.  I can't wait to read another of his books.
 Good read.
 I enjoyed this well written story told be the son of a minister.  Very good character descriptions.  It was a bit predictable at the end but a good choice for discussion.
 Sad story. I had it figured out way before the end. A little long winded with too much description for me.
 If there can be a gentle treatment of murder ous behavior this book has it.Every horrifying action is handled carefully with the intent of explaining how such things can happen,even to nice people.
 I will recommend this book to my teenage grandchildren. It's an exciting story but also tender and deals with problems in a Christian prospective.
 Great read! Brings back memories from a childhood in the country.
 It's the summer of 1961 in New Bremen, Minnesota.  Frank, 13 and his brother Jake, 11, are sons of the town pastor, Nathan Drum.  Their mother, Ruth, is a talented singer who leads the church choir, and their sister, Ariel, is a musical prodigy who plays the organ and writes original scores.  When I began this book, I was immediately reminded of the movie Stand By Me.  The brothers are playing on the trestle when they see a dead body down below by the river.  The dead man is an hobo, and is the second death of the summer already, including young Bobby Cole, who had been hit by a train.  This will not be the last death that the boys experience that summer, and the next death will rock their world.<br/><br/>I expected and wanted this book to be so much more.  But the boys are much too wise for their years, their father is much too long-suffering and too infinitely understanding, the town is too full of too-quirky characters, and the story is the victim of trying to do too much.  And so what should have been a 4-star book is, for me a 3-star book.
 A mystery and yet inspirational story set in a small Minnesota town told through the eyes of a 12 year old boy.
 So well written about the life story of a young man and his view on it..
 This novel combines the best of Harper Lee and Kent Haruf in capturing the essence of the time period and the conflicting social changes found primarily in small towns. The characters are rich and compelling.  Our book club analyzed the book for two hours straight, and we still weren't done!
 Very riveting..I could not put it down.
 A great read that keeps you wanting more and sad to see it end. Well written with the main character describing life in a small town in Minnesota<br/>where surprise and mystery come into play and his family is in turmoil. One of the best books I have read in a very long time!
 I loved Ordinary Grace and highly recommend it The characters are well developed, the story intriguing  and the ending perfect.it is a family drama woven into a mystery I couldn't put it down
 A wonderful read.
 Intriguing story, strong character development, with a plot that moved along.
 Set in a different location that sounds a lot like New Ulm, Minnesota, with its river and brewery. Krueger has delivered another suspenseful and bloody mystery.  I didn't see the ending until very close to the time it happened.  Incidentally, Krueger's pattern with women continues.
 it was ok . . . the majority of the book club liked it
 I enjoyed the book. It was slow and predictable, but a good read.
 A well written story, not overly wordy, with enjoyable and diverse characters.  Although I had solved the murder mystery early, I still savored reading it through to the end.
 Delightful writing and story line.  Very vibrant characters.  Really enjoyed the novel.
 A story of life. Answers are not often black and white and choices not always clear, but usually they are life changing. A sweet, sad and touching coming of age novel.
 For anyone who has loved To Kill a Mockingbird or Stand by Me, this book is for you . Well written,wonderfully titled, and a joy to read.
 Full of beauty and humanity. Suspenseful but not gory. Really beautifully written.<br/>A heartwarming examination of life,  love and loss
 Very good story! The characters are complex and well-developed. The story is packed with twists and turns. A real page turner!
 Good reading, interesting story, different.  A great pick for a book club discussion
 Wonderful book I did not want to end!!  Krueger did a great job of writing a book you will not want to put down!  Enjoy!
 Excellent read. Loved every page!
 Great read.  Loved the narrator's voice.  So Midwestern and wise.
 Great mystery.  Held attention to the very end.
 Riveting. Kept me wanting to read more!
 One of the most enjoyable books I have ever written. I could relate to so many things in this book since having grown up in a small community. Well done!
 Wonderful and touching story. Real characters. Humor and mystery as well. I loved reading it.
 Everything WKK writes is wonderful.  I enjoyed this story as well.  It was a little slower to begin, but was so good and satisfying.  I love his books.  Definitely a change of pace then previous series.
 Loved it, extremely sensitive and perceptive.<br/><br/>Even if you do not believe , the prism of faith paints a very human story of friendship , love loss and resilience.
 A good mystery with great character development and a meaingful message. A coming of age story.
 fabulous writing---just gorgeous.  Reminded me of when I was the boys' ages.  Very painful in some parts, but an accurate &amp; compassionate experience of sorrows that all human beings have.  The characters were so real.  Thanks for an outstanding book!
 Loved the story, characters and setting!<br/>Great read.
 Loved this book!!  I could not put it down - I would go to bed at night and try and figure who the murderer was - Best mystery I have read for a long time.
 Wonderful story of a family headed by a father with amazing, enviable values
 I really enjoyed this book. It kept my<br/>interest to the very end.
 Good read
 beautifully written, the prose flows smoothly and keeps you both engaged and in suspense. Will look into more of this author's books.
 Great character development, Took me back to that time in my life in small town America.  Full of surprises. Sorry when it ended.
 Very well written, interesting characters and story line.
 Heap good book, it.
 Not good as the Cork O'Connor series.
 I'm from Minnesota as I grew up on the Iron Range. The story brought back many memories of times of my youth and how much simpler life was back then<br/>I would recommend the book to my sisters and some cousins who are still living in MN<br/>The book was well written and moved along nicely
 Wonderful book - don;t miss this one.<br/>Written with great sensitivity, all the characters are everyday people that you feel you should know in person, or would like to know.<br/>A mystery within a book that is mainly about faith and forgiveness.
 Well written but not much of a suspense story, partly boring.
 It was a wonderful story and quick read.
 The book evokes the 1960s world of small town America and does so beautifully. The characters are drawn with simplicity and authenticity- it's easyto care about them. Moreover, they deal with the brutal consequences of untimely death and murder on guilt, faith, marriage, family, adolescence (to name a few of the impacts in the book) in ways that are entirely convincing and heart-wrenching. Therein lies the book's strengths and what makes it worth the read. The book's weakness, I feel, is the story itself. There really isn't much mystery here and the slow peeling of the evidentiary onion is a distraction from the excellent character studies.
 Would buy again!
 This is one of the most beautifully written, unique and well told stories I have read in a very long time.
 Good read but slow at times.
 I've enjoyed every one of Krueger's books.  He is an outstanding writer. I put him on the same level as C J Box in writing about events in Minnesota and Canada.
 okay
 A coming of age book with a little too much religion
 I loved this beautiful book.
 I have read  all his books.  After a week's vacation in northern Minnesota,I was hooked on his writing.  His descriptions of land and life in the Northwoods, make the reader feel the moment.
 Reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbird. Really liked the children's view. It had me to the very end. We will be discussing at bookclub Thurs.
 Krueger is known for his mystery series centered on Cork O'Conner.  Ordinary Grace is a departure from the mystery genre to historical fiction.  Krueger masters character creation and development.  The plot unfolds nicely and brings the reader face to face with human failure and unlimited Grace.  Nice!  Real!
 I found the writing beautiful and the story really held my interest. One of the few novels I've read where I actually highlighted a passage of two.
 Good book
 Absolutely wonderful.  Beautiful story of maturation of two brothers and forgiveness in small town Minnesota.
 My book club loved it, and we enjoyed a great discussion.
 Lovely book.<br/>Settle down and enjoy!
 Brought back many memories of growing up in a small town.  Loved Krueger's writing style in this great read.
 Good if not great read, last chapter tuggs at your heart. It"s how life evolves, sad but uplifting., I really liked this book.
 One of the best books I've read. Great story line with believable characters who until the very end keep you in suspense and emotionally connected.
 Good character development. I loved the story &amp; wanted more.
 Once again William Kent Kruger delivers .Stunningly poignant , the emotions,loss,and heartache of loading a loved one to murder.Moving,heartfelt,stunning,classic Kruger
 Loved this book! Recommended by a friend and so glad she did.  I have recommended it to others as well.  Very unpredictable and full of "surprises."
 This is the first book I've read by this author but wow, what a treat! Wonderful character development and a plot that keeps you guessing at every turn. Will definitely read more of his work.
 I call this book foxhole reading, meaning that you will never have to go to a dictionary to see what the author is saying.<br/>Everything is beautifully basic and you read and feel as if you are another character along for the ride in this one of a kind novel.<br/>The plot gives  you hints which you can guess about what is going to happen but you are not quite sure you are guessing right,<br/>and that makes you  want to read on and on. Remember the characters names early to improve your understanding of who is doing<br/>what to whom. Not as complicated as war and peace but nice to keep all the names at hand.<br/>I teared up in one part and that is quite a accomplishment since I am a former Marine, but it was so hard not to feel for the heart aches<br/>that must be lived with to be able to go on living.<br/>You will not be disappointed, a great summer, or actually, anytime read.
 Very satisfied.
 I have liked every book William Kent Krueger has put out.  I have read them all.
 Fantastic book
 Capturd the thoughts and emotons of those young years very well. Looking forward to the sequel.
 Good story, really well-drawn characters I cared about, beautiful and amazingly terse writing!
 I liked it. Good story about a family in late 40s early 50s.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Not usually much for mysteries, but this kept my interest, probably due to the relatable characters and interesting family- dynamic storeyline.  A good read!
 very well written excellent description of characters and locations.
 One of the very best books I've read in a long time.  Am glad to see the author has written a number of other books.  I'm  77 yrs. old so<br/>have read a lot of books but could barely put this one down!!  Bette
 I liked the book. It took a long time to really get going and that's why I gave it 4 instead of 5.  Once I really got into it, I really enjoyed it.
 William Kent Krueger displays a wonderful understanding of the human condition in this moving tale. He's now one of my favorite writers.
 A wonderfully interesting group of characters.  I enjoyed this book immensely.
 Could not put this book down.  Powerful, thought provoking story.
 I don't want to write a review. I enjoyed the bpol
 Totally enjoyed picking this up each night to read a little before bed.
 I enjoyed this book so very much.
 This is a well-written novel and was a pleasure to read.
 A great read  - Good characters and writing and I didn't want to put it down.
 I really enjoyed this story. WKK's writing is exceptional. I felt like a member of the Drum family, experiencing everything with them. This was a great read.
 This book is so much more than a mystery story. It is a well written study of human nature and coming of age.
 This is a well written novel and a lovely view into one family in a small town. It would be especially interesting to a Minnesotian.
 I am not a fan of the mystery genre, but this read more like a novel...excellent for early baby boomers!
 Loved it...
 Good mystery. Fooled me almost to the end. Relatively easy read.
 Very good book. Well written.
 A coming of age novel where ordinary grace meets the awful grace of God in a small town in Minnesota during one summer in the early 1960s.
 This was an excellent book. Very thought provoking and excellent story plot.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Krueger transports the reader to another world where you can see, hear,smell and feel a part of. The story is complicated and kept me riveted with each page. Well done!
 Loved this book! Interesting story and great characters.
 AS usual Krueger hits a home run.
 Page turner,  well written with young boy as the narrator.
 easy read, held my attention from the start
 Told from the perspective of a teenage boy named Frank, this book tells the story of the summer everything changed in his life. Wonderfully written and heartbreaking in many ways, this is a must read book.
 Loved this page turner!
 Krueger use of soft adjectives is so imaginative it makes a mundane country town come alive - you can smell the smells, hear the frogs and crickets, feel the wet sand between your toes.<br/><br/>His character development rivals the best out there.<br/>I was sorry to see it end but the story was over - great read!
 Very good read!
 Great read. Very different from his traditional mysteries. I appreciated the struggle to live a life a grace that was ever present in this book. Well written.
 A terrific story beautifully written!  The best book I've read in a few years.  I'm sorry I'm finished with the book I'd like to continue reading!
 Characters,characters
 A pretty good read, but very predictable.  Knew what was going to happen way before the end of the book.  I enjoyed the characters for the most part, but again, was not sure why the author had to make one of the lesser characters gay.  It added nothing to the story, and was more disturbing than anything else (not the fact that he was gay, just what plot point it forwarded...which was not a compelling one, as far as I was concerned).  More good points than negative ones though.  Go for it!
 Thought this was a great story.
 Very good character development. Lovely story about our humanity and our need to forgive.
 Just a beautifully written book of redemption.  It will be one of my all time favorites and I have often given it as a gift to people I love.
 Every member of my book  club, loved it...
 Felt like I was a part of the town, along for the journey that summer in Minnesota. Good character development, enjoyed the read
 Krueger is a sensitive author whose books I recommend to everyone.
 This is the best book I've read in a long time. The author developed the characters into real people we can identify with. We see them deal with the trials of life, tragedy and death. Each handling these issues in a different way. Through it all, God is the strength that carries them through.
 Excellent book, good characterization, enjoyed them all through the time line.
 A very meaningful book. Well written.
 I loved the book and couldn't put it down once I started reading it!  Since I have read the book I have given it away<br/>to friends for gifts!  It is beautifully written.  Loved the character development as the story progressed.  The last<br/>paragraph will stay with me forever.  What a profound statement from Warren Redstone!
 Great book. Pulls you in and keeps you turning pages.
 Writing as comfortable as a favorite sweatshirt, by someone familiar with the heart's deepest emotions:  love, hate, joy, fear, and deepest grief.
 Although it was a mystery, there was a great family story here.
 Enjoyed this book very much. This is a good book club selection with lots to discuss surrounding various actions and reactions to events. Lots of food for thought.
 I have recommended this story to all my book buddies.  One of those books I enjoyed every moment. In knowing it was a slice of life from a young man coming of age, I can feel that the tale was never really over.  It felt a bit like To Kill A Mockingbird .
 A good read. Kept my attention. I anticipated the ending but still appreciated the story and writing.
 A mystery with well developed characters and interesting twits and turns.
 Krueger is so good at telling a story . Beautiful writing . I loved this book and all of his novels . Highly recommended and please keep them coming .
 Great book! I would highly recommend it.
 Great story. Put it on your bucket list. Wonderful writing.
 When I recommend a book to my friends it has got to an excellent read...this you will enjoy
 My first Krueger book. Loved it! Enjoyed listening to him at Calvin College Festival of Faith and Writing in April. I will read more of his books.
 I enjoyed the story and the writing but would have preferred a bit more to the ending of the story.
 One of the richest experiences I've ever gotten from a book.  Wish it was possible to always have a story like this going.
 One of the best books I have ever read. In the same style as To Kill a Mockingbird.
 Very engaging, wonderful characters, terrific plot, great story!  A must read!
 great read.
 One of the best books I’ve read in a long time!
 One of the best books I've read.
 This book is a treasure.
 A wonderful book, a mystery written with a keen psychological angle. An early adolescent and latency age boys as well as the impulsivity of a teenage girl willing to give up a brilliant future in return for love.
 Beautifully written - characters are wonderful &amp; well developed-was liked by all our book club members.
 This is the rare mystery that is hard to put down but beautifully written. You feel that you have not only read something entertaining but also literary.
 Such a great book. A fast read and very inspiring
 Excellent...Excellent...Excellent...one of the best books I have ever read - could not put it down from beginning to end!  Thank you Mr. Krueger!
 Original story with richly developed characters. One of the most engaging novels I've ever read.
 This is an old fashion story because you care about most of the characters, especially the family. It is seen through the eyes of the 13 yr old son and his younger brother. If you grew up in the fifties and sixties, you will definitely feel nostalgia for the time period. It's before there's air conditioning among the mass population, and drug stores had a soda fountain. These are descent people living in a small town trying to live their lives by the golden rule. Krueger really takes you there beautifully and simply. I finished the book reluctantly because I got so attached to the family. It's hard to remember the last time I felt that way.<br/><br/>If you want to read a book that will stay with you, that lifts you up and you can reflect on, read Ordinary Grace.
 A worthwhile book that portrays a family in a time and place (small town Minnesota, 1961) with a recognizable clarity.  The father/minister is a most admirable character, contributing to the 'spiritual aura' with kindness, fairness, patience, and in a way that strengthens all around him, especially those most troubled.  All of the characters are of interest, though some of the situations and relationships are a bit of a reach.  Though I am all for setting the mood of time, place and characters, it wasn't until nearly halfway through the book that much happened.  I might have given it 3 1/2 stars if that were possible.
 Loved this book. Great book club read.
 This book was recommended to me by my brother in law.  He shared a part of the book with me and I was hooked.  Great read.
 Beautifully written story or lives enmeshed and separate.  Thought provoking story
 Another great book from WKK.  Our family has read all of his books and throughly enjoy each one and look forward to his next book
 Loved it.  Comforting story.  Beautifully written.
 A well written book that maintains your interest from the beginning. Gives you laughs and tears through out the books.  Keeps you guessing who did it until the end.
 It's an easy read full of suspense.  It gives many positive messages on what is good and bad behavior but is not preachy.
 A wonderful story with rich fully developed characters.  If you enjoyed  "Stand By Me" you will love Ordinary Grace
 Last quarter of the book was predictable.
 Great book!! Loved everything about it! I would highly recommend it for a great read!
 I enjoyed this book very much.  So much I couldn't put it down.  It brought back an earlier time , very noman rockwellish.  A very sad part also that made me cry.
 Nicely written with somewhat predictable ending. Not a fast paced story but appealing character development.
 Appreciated this story dealing with a family trying to not necessarily make sense of loss but to find a way to care for one another in the midst of grief.
 Excellent story,superbly well written. Many twists and turns offer much suspence. Very well defined characters flesh out this tale.
 I enjoyed this book and plan on suggesting it to my bookclub.  The storyline is deceiving in that it has the flavor of small town happenings but, as anyone who has ever lived in a small town knows, there can be incredible happenings in the lives of sleepy town residents. I enjoy stories that "keep me guessing".  The  ket me guessing until the finish
 Great story
 This is not his normal stuff but is wonderful nevertheless. I recommend every book he has written. This one was a nice change, though.
 I loved this novel!!
 Enjoyed this story set in the early 60''s.  I could relate to the description of life at that time.  Good story . with a good twist.
 Couldn't put this book down. Interesting writing style...
 Beautiful style of writing.
 Great story! Believable characters.
 Following a family through sorrow and grief through the eyes of a young teenager. Kreuger is a wonderful storyteller
 Great book. Sad but sweet. I intend to read more by this author.
 Wonderful book -- a great read for any book club or individual!
 Excellent!  I would buy his series but they cost too much. Maybe they will come out at costco our samsclub.<br/>Too high on kindle.
 I read this book because it was selected by our book club. It is thought provoking and very very inspiring.
 Loved this "coming of age" story! It held my interest and kept me in suspense until the very end. I loved how the book title fit into the story as well.
 A touching beautifully written story!
 Loved it!
 Wonderful story, beautifully written.  Frank is such a believable character as was the entire family. One of the few books I  dragged out as I didn't want it to come to an end.
 Would make a good movie. I read it twice
 Very clean copy, accurately described and shipped very promptly.  Very satisfied with this vendor.
 A warm, human story that I enjoyed immensely.
 Very fast read and coming of age novel for boys growing up in rural Minnesota in early 60's. It was certainly a different time and reminded me of my own childhood.  I was 9 in 1960.  The mystery kept me going, but I had it figured out fairly easily.
 Not formulaic or predictable but well-told! It takes a few to figure out what is coming which I appreciate in a good read.
 Excellent summer time read.
 Quite a change from his normal writing style and I must say, I completely enjoyed it, even if the ending was a bit predictable.
 One of the best books ever read and I've read a lot!
 Although I knew how the central mystery would unfold, the beautiful moving prose kept me reading and wanting this book not to end.
 An excellent read.  It gives meaning to family life experiences, spiritual meaning and support, and the act of forgiveness seen through a variety of eyes.
 This novel presented interesting ethical and spiritual questions.
 Very nice uplifting story.  It had me in suspense about "who dunnit" until the very end.
 I enjoyed the flow of this novel that kept my attention and made me eager to pick it up each time I read.  I like how the author addressed God's grace throughout the book!
 It took me back to Andrews, Texas, the summer of 1954, and playing outside till the stars were so bright and clear you could almost see your way home.
 Very enjoyable
 Very different departure from his series, but enjoyable.
 I enjoyed listening to story in my car.
 Even though the subject matter sad, the writing from a young boy's perspective very good.
 Very entertAining with unexpected ending. Could not put it down. Will read more books from this author.  Could be made into movie.
 Found myself predicting more than I wanted. Great read. Love the characters. Really felt part of their lives. Great family story.
 Great story and somewhat of a mystery. Less violence than his other novels. Lovely story with some nice life lessons. One of the few books I have ever read twice.
 Great book, the characters were particularly well developed.
 Ordinary Grace, to me, was just an ordinary novel.
 Endearing story of middle america and fsmily.  Slow moving but very real.
 Enjoyed.  An interesting, easy read.
 Great read part coming of age in 1961, and part mystery!! Recommend to anyone!!!
 Krueger has painted a hauntingly lovely picture in Ordinary Grace.  This is one of those novels that is so real to the reader, so absolutely and completely real, that you don't simply read it... you experience it.  I love a story that makes me feel and this one does just that.
 This was a remarkable book the writing was outstanding and the characters well developed.  Frank as the main character and middle child truly told a compelling tale thru the eyes of a boy who experienced the events of a lifetime in one short summer.  I would highly recommend this book.
 Very well written &amp; meaningful! I intend to read other books by Author Krueger so thank you for an enlightening &amp; very human story.
 This is one of those novels that stays on your mind for a long time andwhen you've finished reading you know your going to miss the characters that were so real to you. One of my best reads in a long time
 There is nothing ordinary about ORDINARY GRACE.  It is a heart wrenching story of loss,love, redemption and healing.  The author draws  you in to the point that you feel like you are there walking among the characters.  I highly recommend!!!
 I could visualize this small town and its people - ordinary people - and a lifestyle hard to imagine in today's electronic, hyper-connected world.
 Beautifully written and very engaging coming of age-type novel with universal truths embedded while maintaining an aura of suspense.
 Our book club is reading this. I don't always like the choices but this one is excellent. When I ordered it, I hadn't realized what a long book it would be, but it was a fairly quick read (I don't like long books). The book, set in the '60s, reminds us of the biases are alive and thriving in our society. A minister's wife who smokes in front of people? Her complex personality molds the book and other characters into what it is-complex and full of surprises. Although a religious tone prevails, it is not "goody-goody," but shows the human side of complicated people. The effect of war in certain characters prompts us think about people returning from our current Middle East strife.  It is an excellent and I highly recommend it.
 I enjoyed this book very much....
 This book brought back memories of visiting my grandparents in Minnesota and growing up with brothers in the 60's.  It was easy to read.
 The book starts slowly and lays a foundation for a powerful second half.  Rarely, am I moved to tears by a book, but by the conclusion of this story I wept from the deep emotions it stirred in me as a mother, a sibling, a daughter and a Christian.  I love this book!
 Easy to read and keeps your interest. There are many twists and turns to keep you guessing. I recommend it to most everyone.
 Good read!!!!!!!!!
 The writing was wonderful, it kept my interest all the way through. I would definitely recommend this book.
 My wife &amp; I have been reading everything written by William Kent Krueger.  The book holds ones interest from beginning to end.
 Love this book. Told by a 13 year old boy. Lots of thoughtful moments.
 Such a well written, descriptive and warm story.
 This is a stand alone book - not part of his Cork O'Conner series.  Both my wife and I read it - once we started, couldn't put it down.  We're ready for the next book!!!
 It caught my interest from the very beginning.
 How in the world does William Kent Krueger keep coming up with such spell binding stories?  So much detail - I can picture every scene.
 One of the best books I've read, well written, likeable characters, funny at times and heart wrenching at others. And spiritual in a very good way.
 This book was nostalgic for me, and I think I loved it because it took place in the era I grew up. I remembered the freedom we had as children and how we were allowed to discover so much of the lessons of life on our own. The story kept me interested throughout, and I would certainly look for other books by Kent Krueger
 Well written interesting story. Characters were very believable. Looking forward to reading more books by this author.
 Book club pick, so I didn't know much about it, but I loved the title and dove right in. I loved the characters and wanted to learn what was going on and get to know them more, so it was often hard to put the book down. Highly recommended!
 A great read !
 Excellent. Beautiful prose great story.
 I've loved his other books so I decided to give this one a try. I really enjoyed it! He did an excellent job of painting a picture of small town life in the 60s, and while weaving a mystery through it. I recommend it!
 Book shipped timely at fair price. It's the wife who is the Krueger fan; now I like him too. Good.
 couldn't put it down. Loved the story being told in the eyes of a 13 year old boy. Flew through it.Very well written.
 Enjoyable read.  Very well developed characters.  Somewhat predictable storyline as to the 'who did it' factor but still enjoyable to read.  The ending made me cry.  Always a sign of a good book when the written word evokes such emotion!
 Quite a departure for William kent Krueger. Very good. A boy growing up and experiencing loss. Very philosophical about life and death issues. Reminded me of " stand by me" the movie. A good read
 A very enjoyable read
 Very, good read.  Well delineated characters, good murder mystery, from a great point of view.
 One of those endearing stories told from a young kid's perspective. Insightful and suspenseful.
 The author built this story slowly then the book exploded into this wonderful novel. A must read
 Wonderful book! Some very meaningful writing. One of the 2 best I've read recently.
 Sometime it went over the same routine.it didn't let us know any of the girls personality,or her boyfriend. But I really enjoyed the story,
 I have read all of Wm. Kent Krueger's books.  I thought this was his best.  It reminded me of Harper Lee's, "To Kill a Mockingbird".
 I love the writing, the story line, the characters, and the time and place of this coming of age novel. Like Stand by Me this novel is told by the main character who is grown-up and looking back at the pivotal summer of his life. I will read it again soon.
 With a clarity of vision Krueger tells of one young boys' tragic summer, the undying faith of his father, and the bonds of true love.
 I highly recommend this book to ANYONE, but if you happen to be a baby boomer, you will really relate to the characters and their predicaments.  I couldn't put it down and was sad when it came to an end.
 Enjoyable read.
 Loving it! So well done.
 Great read!
 Excellent writing and was hard to put down until the end. Each character is unique and the author does a great job of weaving each one throughout the story.
 It was an interesting Journey in the life of the writer....loved the way the characters were developed and stayed true<br/>to themselves to the end.
 Great story.  Dragging In  places.  A lot of repitation.
 Beautifully written mystery. The characters are developed so well.  The plot is skillfully crafted.  I highly recommend to all who love a mystery.
 I found it to be a believable story. Many joys and sorrows to consider. It is a riviting and difficult to put down. Wish I had purchased it in paper rather than electronically.
 Excellent book.  Characters developed well.  Plot well developed through the eyes of little brothers.  Well written and entertaining.  I would give it five stars.
 This was a really good book!  You never knew what would happen next and who it would involve!  Hard to put down!
 It's a nostalgic flash back to the 60's for anyone who grew up in that era. The characters are believable and the story holds interest to the very end.
 It is a book, so I had it in plenty of time for my bookclub
 Very good book.  I would recommend it highly!
 Ordinary Grace is the best novel I have read since To Kill a Mockingbird. Same genre. Same excellent style of writing.  I definitely recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a coming of age book.
 Ordinary Grace is a fantastic book. Delving into small town life and love, hopes and dreams, Krueger writes about the depth of ordinary life in a fresh and insightful manner. This is a great book.
 Loved this book!  Beautifully written and wonderful characters.  I now consider this one of my favorites.
 A bit sad but enjoyed the story development.
 Love WKK
 Sort of like To Kill A Mockingbird lIght.  Kept me reading although I had it figured out long before the big reveal. Still I liked the pace and simplicity of the first person account of an unforgettable and haunting summer in a boy's childhood.
 This book was a nice surprise. The story is mostly dark but written so you can't put it down. Great read.
 Got me from the very beginning! Great characters and a story that will surprise you at every turn.
 Such a good story.  I recommend this to friends ...all loved it.my book club is reading it next.
 Lovely story; well-written. Many-faceted story of family and community. One of my favorite reads this year.
 This was a very well written book. The story line was realistic, interesting and a good mystery.
 Wonderful book. I loved it.
 Our book club meets tomorrow. Really enjoyed book
 One of the best books I have read in a long, long time.
 really enjoyed this book!!
 Elegantly and touchingly written with well-drawn characters. A meditation on forgiveness, redemption and perception, it is both moving and thought-provoking. Highly recommend.
 The cover invites you to read a mysterious murder, but the better story is about the veterans of WWII, who return to their small town and deal with PTSD.
 Lots of fun. Loved it. The author lived in my hometown at one point in his childhood. The town is doing a "Hood River Reads" community read and discussion.
 Well written and excellent, well-planned plot.  Most characters are likeable and well rounded.  Learned a few new facts along the way.<br/><br/>It was a good choice for discussion by my book club.
 This was a wonderfully written novel.  I loved the characters and the story.  Excellent way to spend a few evenings!
 Narrated by a teen-aged boy, this novel was beautifully written and showed such understanding of a boy that age's thought processes. The emotions of the two brothers were so believable and touching. I loved the story but did predict the outcome!
 This author had a way of making you feel you could see everything he talked about.  Loved his simplistic examples of ordinary grace.
 This was our book club selection one month and it was unanimously voted the best book we have read in the last year. We all loved it. We feel like we all learned a lot about "ordinary grace".
 I have read most of Krueger's books and have thoroughly enjoyed each one.  "Ordinary Grace" is one of the best.
 Easy read.
 Excellent.
 Interesting read.
 It took the writer a long time to lay the ground work for the story....  but enjoyed how the plot wound around the different characters.
 A well written story. Never been one to read this kind of book yet I couldn't put it down. I would recommend this book!
 Loved it! The author's development of the characters was superb. Telling the tale in the voice of the main character as a young boy was perfect!
 I loved this book. It  seemed like a twist on to kill a mockingbird in tone. A very gentle mystery
 Great book
 Beautifully written and thoroughly engaging.
 Good story and good  characters.  Makes you thinkk of "The good old days".
 A different story line from Kreuger's Cork Cochran books.  It was a good read however and I did enjoy it.
 Well written. Pulled me into storyline quickly.  Hard to put down once I started reading.
 This is by far one of the best books I've ever read. It's such a true story and its so captivating. I really enjoyed this book,didn't want to put it down.
 Enjoyed
 Couldn't put it down.  So very deep and profound. Excellent character development and great depth of plot.  A must read.
 Loved this novel!!
 GOOD READ  ...  NOT GREAT  ...  GOOD
 I really enjoyed the easy and beautiful way this book was written. The story flowed well, the author used great imagery and I was turning the pages like mad.  Perfect novel for a vacation.  Well done.
 This was one of the most thoughtful books I have read in many years.  I am a huge Krueger fan and wasn't sure how I would like this departure from his usual characters, but found it wonderful.  I enjoyed every minute of it and read the book in two days!  Highly recommend it!
 arrived on time. no problems. good fresh product.
 A page turner. Highly recommend it!
 This is a beautifully written book that won't let you go.  Lots of lovely  passages and an interesting story with well thought out characters
 I loved these book and look forward to a lot of reading in my retirement.  Thanks
 This is excellent reading and our group has enjoyed discussing this Novel
 Good read
 a real page-turner.  Beautifully written storytelling and a fascinating look into a different way of life.
 Really enjoyed this story. Can't  wait to read another novel by W.K. Krueger.
 One of my new favorite books!  Mystery, love of family, friends, small community, sadness and the Grace that God has for all the time.
 I enjoyed !
 Beautiful story!
 A beautifully written book that although filled with tragic incidents over one summer in the 60's, manages to end up almost joyfully.
 A lot of tragedy, constantly keeping you thinking who did it. Surprising end to the story from Franks original point of view.
 GOod Novel !!!
 A well researched, well written book about an important subject.  Glad to know my church is not alone in its lack of grace.
 This was a well written and fully developed story rich with description and flavor. It was easy to feel as if I was there!
 Something different from William Kent Krueger but I liked it, I like it!
 Enjoyed it!
 It is a book I enjoyed reading and bought for several friends. Good character development. A book one can't put down.
 enjoyed it
 This was a good mystery wrapped up in a coming of age story. Goodness and kindness shine through characters. The book has a wonderful pace, much like the river that is itself a character in the book.
 Storytelling at its best
 I enjoyed the story line and trying to figure out "Who done it?". I didn't always appreciate some of the words used by the characters nor did I feel it added anything to the unfolding story. The story was thought provoking in getting one to think about prejudging someone or listening and spreading gossip with fatal consequences. It also brought forth what happens when individuals in authority use bullying tactics to intimidate innocence. Overall, it was a exciting book to read. Mr. Kruger didn't disappoint me in this story nor in lessons learned from thinking about the ramifications of ones actions.
 I truly enjoyed this book - such a sad story of the lady's childhood, but well told thru the young girl who has lost her way.
 Our book club unanimously gave it fives.  The characters were beautifully developed.  The story line held my interest throughout the whole book.
 I love the writing of Kent.  I found the book held my interest and it was a change from the Cork books.  Keep it up Kent.
 Ordinary Grace is well written and Krueger  makes his characters seem real - a mystery but so much more about growing up in the 60s,  family relationships and faith.
 One of the best books I ever read.  I photocopied several passages to be given to the minister to refer to when he does the service at my death.  I will continue to buy copies and give them to friends who lose love ones.  The book was funny,  heartwarming and inspirational plus a mystery.  Great read.
 An unusual story line, full of subtle messages, food for thought, satisfying ending.Best novel I have read in a long time
 A must read, you will not be disappointed
 Really enjoyed this book<br/>Read for a book club great pick<br/>Couldn't turn pages fast enough
 Best Krueger novel of all his novels.  Great story a step away from the Cork Corcoran books.
 Loved this book especially because it was told from the brothers point of view.
 Beautifully written.
 Very good!
 I loved this book. It is not only a great story with wonderful characters; it is beautifully written. Must read.
 Very well-written book - my interest increased chapter by chapter!
 I found this book quite enjoyable although sad at times. It was well worth the journey as it tells about a couple of young boys, the sons of a devout minister, growing up, and the trials of the family.
 Loved this book! Easy read...unpredictable end!
 An exquisite read.  HIghly recommend.
 fabulous read!
 Great book ! Everyone in our Bookclub loved it!
 Best book I"ve read this year and I read a lot! Really.......
 I really loved this story, and the writing is so beautiful
 How wonderful to share the lives of Frank and Jake growing up and their joys and sadness and the human condition.
 Excellent book.  Great read.
 Moved into my top 10. That good.
 A Surprise stand alone novel by William Kent Krueger amp perhaps his best.  nd mystery but very subtle.  His writing was perhaps his best yet.  Really affected me.
 Krueger is an amazing writer .  You can never guess the outcome of his stories until you arrive at the end.  Things  can and do change very quickly.
 A nice read, full of family pain and love.  Well written with thoughtful, realistic, creative descriptions that make you want to read on.
 A thought provoking story through the eyes of a young boy. A book that I didn't want to end.
 This was a new writer for me and I must say I was very pleased with his book.  I found it funny at times and sad at other times- so in between laughing and fighting back tears I enjoyed his story.  It was written simply enough that anyone could read it and understand all that they read. It definitely renewed my faith in God and for that alone I was thankful.  I would recommend this to everyone.  I even think some teens might enjoy this and they certainly could learn a few lessons from it.  Well done Mr. Krueger- I will read more of your books.
 Devastatingly beautiful homage to life 50 years ago in rural America, well married to a clever plot of mystery and murder. The quality of the writing is exceptional. Certainly one of the most enjoyable novels I have read in many years.  erewin1947
 I really enjoyed the writing and characters. I admire the strength of the family to go on after such tragedy. Probably due to the grace of God.
 A surprise. Did not anticipate such a find. Very well written and suspenseful. Unexpected twists thu out. Grt tx to the author for sharing his gift. Great book
 Suggested title at our book club. Good read.
 I loved this book! It touched me in ways no other book has in a long time. The characters are utterly believable, and their lives, loves and hopes evoked in a way that I found inspiring from start to finish.
 Great book.  Points out how important that it is to have all the facts before you condem someone.
 well written, a tad depressing
 All were gifts and everyone is very happy.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It is a very well written story interwoven with themes of faith, hope, family, and forgiveness.  I haven't read this author's other books, but will definitely do so now.
 Wonderful, wonderful Krueger read.
 Enjoyable read.  I wouldn't call it a page turner, but it kept my interest throughout. Good for a relaxing day.
 Great story!
 Sensational read without the need to be sensational.
 Quick read and has you guessing "who done it"
 I sobbed and laughed throughout this wonderful book.  I want my entire family to read th<br/>is powerful book !
 Loved this book. Writing style reminded me of "To Kill a Mockingbird".
 A good read
 Very powerful. A great read.
 Really pulled me in. A great story of family relationships and small town America in the 60's.<br/>Also an uplifting book for those facing troubles and questioning God.
 Fast shipment.
 It was a excellent read. Kept your interest and surprised killer. I highly recommend it. Karen Johnson
 Beautifully written.
 What  a wonderful writer!  He reminds me of the best of Louise Erdrich and Kent Haru.  Beautiful simplicity...Look forward to reading more from this author!
 great for book club discussion
 Fantastic book!
 Loved this book!
 This is a book club pick.  I found it got off to a slow start. It really grabbed my interest about half way through but was rather predictable.<br/>It will make for a good discussion about beliefs and family ties.
 Great read<br/>Loved the beginning, middle and end.  Looking for ,ore books written by this author.<br/>An amazon customer please
 An extremely good read. There are no heroes and no villains, just real human beings, virtues and defects included.The mystery is a bonus.
 worth reading
 A book of several deaths. Not really a mistery book.
 No comments
 Absolutely the best I have read in a long time.  Wonderful way that  Mr. K developed the characters.  The only thing that I would have liked to have read about wife, mother and how she stayed faithful.  Actually, am going to download more of his books.
 Touching and thoughtful, the main theme is how a family deals with tragedy but its a mystery novel as well.
 Loved this book. Could not put it down. The story was very interesting and I think it is the perfect summer read
 A transcendent novel about the power of faith, hope, love, and prayer, and incidentally, a good mystery!
 Read it in one sitting. Couldn't put it down!  The author really painted each scene as if you were there. Really kept you thinking.
 Received
 I felt compelled to continue reading, even as the story began with the tragedy of a young boy's death.  As much as I hated to think what was likely to come, I was drawn to continue reading.
 great
 This is a tragic and beautifully written coming of age story.  I was sorry to see it end.  One of the best books I've read in a very long time.
 Believable characters.  Tragedies can bring out the worst in people and, surprisingly, the best in people.  One can't hide from their true selves.
 Very nice story line, easy read, I enjoyed the characters.
 Enjoyed this good read
 Gret story...terrific characters..  Don't miss it!  I stayed up late into the night to finish it.. Should appeal to most people no matter your age..
 Loved this book about the life of a minister and his family.  One of my favorites!
 Excellently written! My book club members, all avid readers who though presently retired, were educators and loved this book.
 The book was a quick read and enjoyable.  I like the authors style and have already loaded another book by him.
 This read was o.k.  drew you in, but got slow and all over the place as it progressed.  Not bad as a light read, but I think it went on too long.
 Great book!!
 Excellent read!  Extremely well written.  Entertaining but also thought provoking in your own mores, such as tolerance, forgiveness, generosity of heart.
 This is a wonderful book. Everyone I've referred it to has voiced the same opinion. I'm a big fan of Krueger's Cork O'Connor series but This one comes not only from the head but also the heart.
 Enjoyed this book. It was an easy read &amp; I liked the small town feel of it. It had just enough suspense to keep me interested, I would definitely recommend it.
 This book was chosen as our book review in our community Book Club association.  It is full of suspense as the characters are all complex.
 A great book. Suspenseful and very touching.
 Wonderfully written book. I've already started another book by the same author.
 FABULOUS BOOK.......wonderful writing, wonderful story......
 I couldn't put it down until I finished it. The storytelling pulled me and wouldn't let go. I will definitely read more of Mr. Krueger's books.
 Thoroughly enjoyed book.  Got my attention and interest immediately and keep it all the way through. Would, and will, recommend to anyone. Mary
 Loved it and the people in it. Ordered other books by Krueger. I like stories about good men and cute kids.
 He's one of my favorite authors and all his books are excellent,  I have all his books and look forward to more.
 Loved it
 This was a great read.  I was enthralled right from the beginning. Thankful it was suggested to me!  ENJOY this one!
 Good book but I knew who "did it" almost from the beginning.
 very well done! loved this book.
 A true pleasure to read!
 A finely tuned coming of age story.  Would recommend to anyone
 See below...not a favorite...
 I loved very page!  Great writing, great story.  Can't wait to delve into everything else Mr. Krueger has written.  Will tell all my reader friends!
 I enjoyed the book - well worth reading.
 look forward to reading more of Krueger.
 This is now on my list of all-time favorite books!
 It's really a 4.5 but your scale doesn't allow for that. Excellent book.  Well written with realistic character portrayals.  Beautiful insight into Grace where ever it may be revealed.
 One of the best books I've read in a while. Beautiful. Beautiful.
 Great book and great service!
 This is a difficult book to rate.  The writing was excellent; the characters likeable (which is important to me); and the plot interesting - five stars' worth for those aspects.  But the story dragged on too long - the central event that the book is really about doesn't even happen until more than halfway through the book - one star for that.  I ended up skimming the book until that point, when I got interested again, and I liked it after that.  I especially liked the very short "now" part at the end that wrapped everything up.
 A rash of suspicious deaths plague a small Minnesota town during the summer of 1961. This is a decent murder mystery, with plenty of possible culprits, but there’s much more to the story:  simpler times and small town life during the early 1960s…….teenagers coming of age prior to Vietnam....life before the British invasion and the US drug culture…..dealing with age-old prejudices…..death and  mourning……adult integrity being passed-on to the younger generation.<br/><br/>Although the story seemed a bit over descriptive at times (and I did a little skimming), I still really enjoyed reading this book and I’m looking forward to more from this author.
 Our book discussion group found a lot to talk about with this one--interesting characters, for sure!
 Excellent book depicting an unknown hero of WWII.
 It has been a number of years since I became so engrossed in a book that it kept me up past my bedtime, but such was the case with Ordinary Grace; I am glad to have discovered Mr. Krueger and look forward to reading more of his work.
 the story was predictable since the very start.  I did not liked it.  Don't understand why is a bestseller book!
 Excellent, easy read with tons of practical advice that is essential for a successful and ethical practice. I highly recommend it!
 This was a great book.  I look forward to August....when the next one comes out.  I love the Cork series
 Children possess so much wisdom.
 Great characters and setting. Plot became predictable at points, but still a great read because of the way the story was woven thru the characters.
 th best writing in years.  a poignant story that sticks with you long after you turn the last page
 Good story set in MN in the early 1960s from a boy's perspective.
 Excellent. The story is told through the eyes of a 13year old boy.  I loved that character and his younger brother. Very good story telling.
 I liked this book enough to make it my 2017 book club selection.
 Good reading
 This is a book in which the author is transitioning from mystery to straight fiction with literary devices a bit too obvious, ie the grief  process.  However, the characters are well drawn and lovable and it's hard to believe the author is not himself religious as the minister's sermon is beautiful.
 Absolutely great read!
 Hard to put down.
 An absolutely beautiful rendering of a family and town in the midst of a tragedy in the early 60s. Complex characters, especially the young brothers,  and a great plot.
 I enjoyed this book. I like suspense &amp; this book came thru!
 It sounds like a typical coming-of-age story, but this novel is so much more.  Suspenseful but also profound, poignant, and beautifully written.  I've been recommending it to everyone.
 really intriguing find -- new author for me but will buy more.
 well written and easy to follow the story.  Easy to establish a relationship with all the characters!! Great spiritual foundation!
 I loved this book.  I had never read any of Mr. Krueger's books.  I may put him on my author list to follow.
 Great read.  Page turner for me.
 Easy reading
 Loved it.
 Very interesting and held your attention to the end.
 Held my attention all the way to the end. I recommend it.
 great book
 A coming-of-age story. Poignant, moving and very well-written.
 Fabulous Read! Great beach book!
 Don't have time to do a written review
 I have purchased and read every bok that Kent Krueger has written. 6 of my sister's have read them also. We have a habit of sharing books and movies. If Krueger writes any new books, send me a message I don,t want to miss anything.
 I loved every aspect of it and i am sure will re-read it at leasure, savouring every bit again!
 Krueger's books are simply the best! After reading the Cork Corcoran novels I want to jump in my car and drive to Aurora, MN which I know does not exist!
 A lovely, often sad, look into a challenged family, but I ended up being inspired by the ending.I enjoyed this book as much as I like all of Kruegers' books.
 Beautifully written. Complex and kind. A wonderful read.
 I absolutely loved this book.  I did not want it to end.
 I liked the authenticity of the time and place as well as the character development.  I also found the manner in which death was described very believable.
 Loved the writing - the connection to small town yesteryear. Kept my attention to the end.
 An old priest  once told me:"If you write for the people, it should be something that touch them deep down in their hearts, other wise leaf it, for you won't touch them at all". Now, here is a story  that will touch you where it should.....
 Real good book. Nostalgic, great mystery and human character development.
 I absolutely loved this book. Reminded me of To Kill A Mockinbird. I read it practically in a day over Thanksgiving weekend. Would make a great movie.
 Slow!!
 I loved the writing style of Krueger....and the characters were memorable and well rounded....a very easy read and I hated to see it end!
 Beautiful book....has the potential to be dark but is not...pensive and insightful
 Ordinary a good word.  The simple way in which the characters experience life and weigh their reactions to day-to-day events is quite interesting.
 A wonderful heartfelt read.
 great read
 Our book club read this as our January book and we were all very impressed with content and writing style.<br/>Many of us are in our 60;s and remember that quieter time in small towns when folks ate dinner together<br/>and attended Sunday services at the local Church.  This is a book about grace, about families, has a tragic<br/>murder.  Very few of us figured out who the killer was, so this was a very well crafted story, and for most of<br/>us with a little surprise ending.  A really good read, and great book for book clubs.
 A beautiful book.  The writing captured the sense of time and place in a coming of age story that was compelling, thought-provoking, and ultimately uplifting.
 Words flow from the pen of Krueger as he sketches small town characters and the drama of small town life in Minnesota in simpler times.  Each page engages the reader seeking connections between each character.
 Great read highly suggest  Keeps you wondering. Expect tears !
 Well written.
 The book had been recommended to read. I loved the authors style. I became very involved with the characters.
 Beautifully written - I especially liked the relationship between the two brothers. Characters also very well<br/>developed. I have recommended it to many friends......
 This story is a rollercoaster ride of emotions.  Each character is perfectly cast and lends to the journey...the discovery.  A great story.
 Good Book!
 This book definitely keeps one's interest.  It was worth reading, even though I found some parts of it disturbing.
 Could not put it down. An emotional story of life love and loss. The author paints such a vivid picture that tugs at every one of your senses. One of the best books I've read in a long time
 Great story for our book club....came timely too.
 Beautifully written coming of age / mystery novel structured as a memoir of a 50 year old man looking back at his life changing 13th  summer when, in a normally sleepy town, five people die in one summer causing irrevocable change.<br/><br/>The descriptions were so vivid, I could completely picture the small Minnesota town in 1961, feel the heat of the air conditioner-less summer and the sense tension as it descended.<br/><br/>The only issue I really had with the book was that at times, it tended to drag in places. Although, in a weird way the slow pace of the book was also a part of the beauty of the story.
 Beautiful story of forgiveness and redemption. I couldn't put it down. Definitly keep a box of kleenex handy though.
 Liked the way the author wrote the book , fast easy reading.
 One of the best written stories about loss and healing. Sensitively portrays an adolescent boy's take on life. Krueger peels back the layers of his characters to reveal the heart and soul of each one. I loved it.
 Kept my interest- good coming of age but with a mystery.
 Great story well written.
 I loved this book.  Couldn't put it down.
 This was an amazing job by him, loved his series.
 Enjoyed this!
 Very good read
 A truly great read.
 Beautifully written! I couldn’t put it down
 Wonderfully developed characters, intriguing storyline
 This is a beautifully written coming of age story, with tragedy, mystery, compelling characters--and grace.
 This writer must enjoy pain,sadness, suffering, and death. Probably the worst book I have ever had the misfortune to read.
 Although I guessed the ending, this book deserves 4 stars!  It was a very enjoyable read with very likable characters.  The last line of the novel is very poignant!
 A favorite.  Reminds me of To Kill a Mockingbird only updated.  Good story.
 Loved this book.  The author weaves a fascinating plot into a sleepy small town setting.  I could hardly put it down.  But the real impact didn't hit me until I was done.  This is a book that stays with you.
 A very realistic and sad look at grief in a mid-western family as a young boy comes of age one summer.
 Sweet. I missed the characters whenever I put the book down.
 This was an easy read.  Great option for a book club book.  Enjoyed his descriptions of a small town.  I enjoyed it.
 Krueger is a great storyteller. The entire novel flows as if Frank relays it to us as it happens.<br/>The Drum family is real in their triumphs and struggles.<br/>Definitely recommend.
 Enjoyed
 Great twists in the plot. Didn't figure out the murderer until almost the end. Very moving story.  Kind of hard to follow at times. Overall I would recommend.
 Slow start, but thoroughly enjoyed the book.  The writing flowed nicely from beginning to end.
 It was okay.
 great novel
 Loved it.....
 Wonderfully heartfelt characters....a ver good read, and, should become a movie....
 I enjoyed the book. The story was very interesting with much drama. It kept you engrossed.
 Good read
 Really enjoyed the coming of age tale from a 13 y/o perspective. Sensitive and sweet.
 Loved the story, characters and how the author put it all together in the epilogue .
 Great novel!  I had trouble putting it down!
 Ordinary Grace is my favorite book of the year last year.  I loved everything about it.  I gave it to many friends and recommended it to everyone I know who loves to read.
 Much deeper than most of his books.
 Highly recommended.
 Interesting mystery as seen through the eyes of two young boys. Kept me in suspense. Also enjoyed the family and community dynamics in small town America
 I kept telling myself, "Just one more chapter."  Finally finished at 2:30 am and couldn't sleep.  Beautifully written, well-drawn characters, and an intriguing mystery.
 Warm,inspired and well written.
 Thoughtful, book club book which met expectations. Local author in St. Paul and also has a great mystery series with Cork  Cochran in northern MN
 Very real and true to life.
 Enjoyed the story and interesting characters in this book - a must read for an one who grew up a small town
 Beautifully written and imagined. It starts off a little slow but has you hooked by the end. A great story about those moments in life that can make a child grow up too fast
 Great writing!  I couldn't put it down.
 I thought this was a wonderful story, starting out slowly but building to a powerful finish. Great style, drew me in with powerful imagery.
 gift
 Well written. Keeps you reading and guessing.
 I enjoyed this page turner of a novel. An excellent summer read. Lots of twists and turns along the way.
 A very well written murder mystery with a Tom Sawyer touch. The characters were all developed well and the books ultimate message was delivered with 'Grace'.
 This book captures the spirit of growing up in a small town. The book is captivating and hard to put down.  It is the story of a family struggling after loss, but also learning to move forward with grace and love.
 Once I got into the story I did not want to put it down.Parts make me laugh and parts made me cry.  The characters seemed believable
 Such a wonderful story.  Well-written.  I didn't want it to end.
 An enjoyable read.
 Interesting plot that will keep you reading
 Another excellent book by Krueger!
 Heart rending and heart warming.
 An absolutely beautifully written book.  It's an easy flowing story with lots of suspense and characters one really cares about.  I could not stop reading it until I finished.
 Great
 I loved this book.  I had never read this author before but I will look for more books by him.  It was a page turner  for me.
 not my favorite
 We read this book for our Tuesday night book club.  We had great discussion and everyone agreed it was a good book for book club.
 Well written, characters well developed.
 One of the best books I've read in my life! This one has earned a place  in my heart and on my bookshelf!
 Incredible book - one of the best i've read in years! Loved rhe mix of over arching theological issues with the small town mileau
 Very good book!
 Wonderful story about family and how life can be both sad and beautiful
 well developed protagonist and setting.
 This was a very meaningful book---one that will stay with me for years. William Kruger has established himself with this book as a great writer.
 Love this book!  A great read.
 Great book!
 I really enjoyed the book.  The characters were all well defined and you cared about them as the story progressed.  Now I want to try his other mysteries.
 A very enjoyable read with good descriptive background and interesting and believable characters and well worked out plot.
 A beautifully written novel.
 I rarely write reviews but this book deserves to be read. It's a wonderful mix of unforgettable characters, real mystery, and boyhood nostalgia. Might be my favorite book of 2015.
 One of my favorite books.  A beautiful family experiences heartache, sadness, joy, and love.
 Incredible story- had my interest from the first page. I would highly recommend this book.
 Loved this book!!
 a wonderful book. loved it. highly recommend.
 May be my favorite book ever!
 Best book I've read in 2016!
 I loved that everything as not solved and had to remember the story was told by a young boy.
 I am a big fan of William Kent Krueger's mystery series and I wasn't sure about this novel which is a stand alone.  But it's a beautiful and sad read, lyrically written and compelling.
 A good read for most people. Enough good characters to keep you involved.
 Very good story.
 I loved the way he slowly and deliberately brings you to the conclusion and didn't have the characters react in<br/> obvious ways
 enjoyable
 Started out with a bang.  Fast paced.
 Wm Kent Krueger,you can't go wrong
 After getting 50 pages in, this book becomes difficult to put down. It's compelling and makes you think about your own life and deathe
 This was a very good book.
 Read it twice. It's so good
 Easy read but very thought provoking  and satisfying
 It held your interest to the end.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading it.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this novel meticulously set in the early 60's in the Midwest.  Characters were clearly drawn and each was unique unto themselves.  Mystery and suspense were interwoven and although I was able to figure part of it out, it held my attention until the end.
 The writing was beautiful, I loved the characters especially the two boys. The story was good, somewhat predictable at the very end but it did not spoil the effect. The epilogue was great because I really wanted to know what happened to all the characters.
 A wonderful book.  I hated for the book to end.  I wanted to continue reading it and will probably re-read it soon!
 Excellent read.  I highly recommend this book.
 Rich in characters and mystery. Love the perspective of the boy narrator.
 Loved this book, and so did everyone in our book club (and it's not easy to get this group to agree on anything!) Excellent development of characters, authentic dialogue, beautifully written, compelling story. An A plus in all categories.
 Excellent book.
 Never been to small town Minnesota, but I feel like I have - good story.
 Loved it!
 I loved this book! The characters were real and interesting. Good plot and well written!<br/>Highly recommend this book
 The usual great writing Krueger fans expect.  Great story telling at its finest, I definitely recommend this read to anyone who would like to be taken somewhere else for awhile
 enjoyed the book!!
 Should be made into a movie.
 Different from his other books but still a page turner. I bit sad as times.
 Our book club thoroughly enjoyed this.  We had interesting comments and insights to share.  It was certainly a mystery that gave you things to think about and then turn the corner as something new was revealed.  I look forward to reading more of his books.
 Beautiful writing !
 The grace in this book is more than "ordinary".
 So real I thought I was back home!
 A very very good read--redemption forgiveness and love
 A great book. Thoroughly enjoyed. Characters very well developed.
 Great book. Enjoyed the story, characters and plot. Read it for a bookclub and everyone thoroughly enjoyed.
 Excellent !
 Krueger was a new author to me, but the synopsis led me to select.  Very wise choice.  I could hardly put the book down.
 Lovely book!
 Great read. Book clubs will love it.
 Excellent and thought provoking.
 Very up lifting story
 Well written,many pauses for reflection. Highly recommend it.
 More historical and separate stories about extraordinary people throughout the ages.
 Excellent
 It's a murder mystery and so much more. The language is lyrical and compelling, and the point of view of the 13-year-old narrator makes the reader experience the events of the story with him. Highly recommended.
 Loved it.  A nice home town is turned into chaos when the murders start.
 What a wonderful book!  I want to read it again!
 Dragged on took to long to get to any kind of point to the story. Not worth the time to read it
 One of the best books I have ever read!
 Beautifully written haunting story.
 Very enjoyable read.
 An enjoyable read.  It held my interest.  I would read another book by this author.
 After my son was murdered this past year a friend suggested I read this book. I found myself comforted and a little more at peace after reading, oh and a few vivid dreams followed. Even though no one knows who shot &amp; killed my child I know God does &amp; he provides me ordinary grace.
 I read this as assigned reading for a book group of fellow moms who have special needs children. I found it engrossing and, at times, difficult to read due to the emotions it brought forth (especially regarding certain characters with "special needs" who, in the early 1960s, were disparaged as "retarded").  The book is reminscent of To Kill A Mockingbird (the father is a hero, there are several Boo Radleys), the narrator looks back 40 years later with perspective, but places you in the action of the past. It reminded me also of the movie Stand by Me in that it is a coming of age story of 2 young brothers, both of whom I came to love quickly.<br/><br/>The author insightfully describes flawed characters and families and the dynamics and weakness/strengths of families and the thin line between characters pulling together in love and becoming stronger and/or completely falling apart in their unhappiness due to circumstances beyond their control and the dangers of taking others down with them.<br/><br/>It is a sad, but redemptive tale.  I would give the book 5 stars (meaning "I loved it" rather than "I liked it" 4 star) except for the fact that it was so emotionally wrenching for me personally to read as it deals with so much death/loss in just 1 year and, similarly  I am still grieving the loss of my own brother, father, and mother in law in a similar time frame. Still I feel I gained comfort and insight from it.]<br/><br/>It offers many parables that boil down to death is a part of life, tho some of those deaths are much, much harder to accept than others, we do and it is human nature to seek escapes and even laugh shortly after tragedy, to lesson our pain. There are many brilliant passages that belong on sympathy cards and in funeral services. Without giving any spoilers, I'd like to quote wise words from one greiving character trying to comfort others at the funeral of one of the story's "Mockingbirds" felled that I found, in the context of the stories surrounding it, particularly moving:<br/><br/>"When we feel abandoned, alone, and lost, what's left to us? What do I have, what do you have, what do any of us have left except the overpowering temptation to rail against God and to blame him for the dark night into which he's led us, to blame him for our misery, to blame him and cryout against him for not caring? What's left to us when that which we love most has been taken?<br/><br/>"I will tell you what's left, three profound blessings...faith, hope, and love. These gifts, which are the foundation of eternity, God has given to us and he's given us complete control over them. Even in the darkest night it's still within our power to hold to faith. We can still embrace hope. And although we may ourselves feel unloved, we can still stand steadfast in our love for others and for God. All this is in our control. God gave us these gifts and he does not thake them back.  It is we who choose to discard them.<br/><br/>"In your dark night, I urge you to hold to your faith, to embrace hope, and to bear your love before you like a burning candle, for I promise that it will light your way. And whether you believe in miracles or not...you will experience one. It may not be the miracle you've prayed for. God probably won't undo what's been done. The miracle is this: that you will rise in the morning and be able to see again the startling beauty of the day.<br/>"Jesus suffered the dark night and death and on the third day he rose again through the grace of his loving father. For each of us, the sun sets and the sun also rises and through the grace of our Lord we can endure our own dark night and rise to the dawning of a new day and rejoice...in the beauty of this morning which he has given us."<br/><br/>Rereading those words out of context, I guess they could come out of any pulpit on any given Sunday, but within the novel the words were quite moving to me, much like Atticus' closing arguments. In short, Ordinary Grace offers wise lessons revealed through interesting characters and relationships. The engrossing story could take place in any small town USA back in 1961. It is refreshing to be placed in the "simpler" times many are nostalgic for (forgetting the awful prejudices of many toward Native Americans, the disabled, and homosexuals), if for no other reason than it is devoid of cell phones and computers and so many modern day distractions. The author paints a believable portrait full of bologna sandwiches, "jello salads" as well as forgotten chores like ironing. His peaceful descriptions include gardens, the natural beauty of a flowing river but also the excitement and tension of railroad tracks and trellises and believable characters capable of drama, secrets, prejudices and injustices--as well as compassion, love, forgiveness and the necessary acceptance of "the awful grace of God."
 I loved this small town story of life and death &amp; family ties. A family torn apart and meshed together by tragedy and faith.
 Lots of twists and turns. A real page turner. Would recommend to anyone who loves a good mystery. Also, liked that it was set in Minnesota.
 A story of love, loss, and redemption through forgiveness, this novel not only is a page-turning mystery but uplifts tragedy to hope.
 it kept you in suspense to the end
 Loved this book.
 Love this novel; it reminded both of us of the carefree time of our childhood
 It was a story that I could not put down.  Even when I expected the final outcome, I still enjoyed reading every page.
 There are many spiritual aspects to the telling of this story.  A very unique perspective of small town happenings.
 Thought well written. Several times I was sure I knew who was the killer and I was wrong.
 We think this is one of Kent Kruger's best novels. It was nice to see that he could vire away from his Cork Oconner series and still write a great book.
 This is a wonderful story. All readers would enjoy it.
 Loved this book - reminded me of Stand By Me, the movie, but better - more internal, with a lovely intricacy and honesty that made it sing.
 This book was a great read. A tragedy filled story but beautifully written and really makes you feel the story as it plays out. Ill definitely be reading the authors other works.
 Kept your interest<br/>Our Book Club is reviewing this month
 Absolutely LOVED this book. Characters, relationships, drama, emotions. Story had it all. So enjoyed the Epologue.
 Best book he has written. The ending was a surprise and brought the book to an excellent conclusion
 A good novel for both men and women. The characters are very human and pull you into the story .A ending that will surprise you
 Extremely well written and moving - it will linger long after you finish the last page.
 Very enjoyable book.  Definitely would recommend it.
 Excellent writing from the first sentence to the last!
 An interesting, thought provoking novel which extols many Christian values.
 Good read. Slice of life in rural America.
 Good storyline and characters. Narration was great.
 Beautiful writing and character development.
 Good read. Well written. Life lessons, mystery, and an intriguing cast of characters. Worth sitting down and spending the time with.
 I bought this book for my brother and then read it myself  Our book club also read it and every one of us liked it immensely.
 A well written story of real life.
 A beautifully crafted story
 wonderful characters and a  look at life insular America.
 Smooth and engaging read
 The book was slow in the beginning in developing the plot. The second half was good.
 Loved it -- crisp, clear writing that painted authentic portraits of a family and community struggling with tragedy and mystery. Can't wait to read another Krueger work.
 Somewhat uplifting with good meaning
 Loved this book.
 It took me awhile to finish the book but only because I had so many interruptions.  Now that i'm done I hate to think that I can't keep reading it . The author did a super job and I look forward to reading more of his books.
 One of my favorites!
 Loved the characters and how the book evolved.  Kept my interest.
 I could not put this boook down.....was the best book i have read since "The Kite Runner"...whick is my all time favorite...have told all my friends to read...
 Highly recommend this beautiful read!  It brings one to a special place  and I  cannot find adequate words to express  it`s Grace.
 I loved everything about the story -- from Frankie's voice to the universal truths that are subtly revealed and never preached.
 Enjoyed the book!
 I loved the book and thought it very well described the area in MN that I am from.
 Excellent read,I enjoyed it and would recommend it.
 Good read, lots of suspects...
 I enjoyed this novel.
 Beautiful book. Deceptively simple.
 He is fabulous.
 Reminiscent of To Kill<br/>A Mochingbird
 this was a book club read and all the members enjoyed this book and look forward to reading another of his books.
 Exceptional writing. The characters are real, relatable people as are the topics of grief and grace. Highly recommend.
 A well crafted story with excellent story telling
 Reading it for my book club. Haven"t met to discuss to discuss it yet. My first introduction to this author
 I really enjoyed this novel.  The story was engrossing and I found myself invested in the characters.  An easy read that you will not want to put down.
 ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS I,VE READ THIS YEAR.!!!  sTARTED SLOW THEN WRAPPED ITSELF AROUND MY HEART.
 It was a very engaging read.  The story was interesting and the charcters were very well done!<br/>I would recomend this book to my friends.
 A tale of one Japanese-American family taking place around WWII in America and Japan.  The separation of the family, the internment camps, the attitude of our Politicians and the decisions made highlight a chapter in our History which should make us shameful of the treatment of our fellow American citizens.  True story.  If one is interested in History, and in the people who lived during this time and who might perhaps learn about our racism in the past (which still continues to this day)- it may help us to become better people and citizens of our great Country.  UPER
 A wonderful coming of age story reminiscent of To Kill. Mockingbird set in the 60's.
 A little too much tragedy for one summer.  Even so, a good read.
 Really enjoyed the storyline.  Great examples of grace throughout the story.  Shows strong family ties, and how important friendships are.
 I loved this book.  Because I was married to a minister who died young Nathan was a familiar and compassionate figure.  Frank reminded me of myself, hot-headed and self-righteous.  The story had so many real-life characters.
 An extraordinary novel!  Loved it!
 This one is a keeper. I love WKK and his Minnesota world, the Cork O'Connor series. This standalone is truly lovely.
 I always read William Kent Krueger's book and I love them all, but this one was exception, I thought I had it figured out but the end surprised me, I really liked this book.  I hope he writes some more books
 Excellent. Great book.
 Very good story. Lots of "life lessons" throughout.  Enjoyed it.
 Beautifully written story!
 Very nice
 Loved it! Very well written. Kept you turning the pages and when you thought you'd figured it out, another character came into the scene.
 Well written story that kept my interest all the way to the end. It was late into the book before I thought I new who was the murderer!
 This is one of my very favorite books of 2013. I have recommended and given it to so many friends. It had elements of<br/>mystery as well as many endearing qualities.
 Did not enjoy the ending, but overall was a good read!
 It was a very nice read.  Looked forward to picking it up and reading more.
 Wonderful mystery. What I really enjoyed is that the author was able to transport you back to the sixties so easily. I felt like I was a child again and all this memories came back. Great writing, very good story.
 Very well written. True to life.
 I thought this book was slow at first, but keep at it and you will be pleasantly rewarded.
 Brilliant writing! Beyond moving!!
 Love this authors stories...makes you want to read more..
 Excellent book!  Kent Krueger writes a wonderful story and his characters are so vivid and believable.  It is a book I want to keep and reread.
 Great read.  A bit predictable.
 It is a very riveting novel that takes you back to small town, Midwestern living in the 60s.  It's a powerful story that the author tells very descriptively.
 As always, I'm totally absorbed by Krueger's mysteries.  But now I'm writing to let you know that I hate being required to give long opinions.
 Good Story; well written, sad.
 Great book!  Hard to put down!
 An easy, pleasant read with good characters.  Not my favorite book ever, but good.  Generated a nice discussion in our book club.
 I couldn't put this book down.  It is absolutely beautiful!
 Beautiful, heart wrenching: loved the description of the relationship of the two brothers!
 Fantastic!
 Very interesting and thought provoking
 I think it is one of his best novels.  The story has many twists and the characters are fully developed.
 Pretty good read yes you figure out early
 Great character development
 The story was mesmerizing but I couldn't figure out if the voice of the narrative was Frank as a child, or Frank as an adult. The language was too sophisticated for a child but not clear. The twists and turns that the story took , who was guilty, we're easy to figure out but the story was captivatting
 It was a great read, I turned on my Kindle at 10 am and had it completed before 6 pm.<br/>So enjoyable as it will be this month's bookclub selection we are going to have a great in-depth<br/>discussion.
 Quick read. The characters were brought to life on the pages. The ending was a surprise.
 Amazing storyteller!! Will be difficult to find a next read as riveting as this one!
 A great read.
 A really gripping story that keeps you in suspense until the last page.  Loved it.  Nancy BrownA
 Totally enjoyed this warm hearted story.
 GOOD FICTION
 Heartwarming
 So well written and evoked such deep emothions.  You felt like you were there.
 Don't miss this superb book.
 Unbelievable storyline....Krueger allows you to enter the world of each unique character, and paints such a vivid picture that you're right there with them! ! Loved it!
 I was captivated from the beginning. Such exquisite story telling. Simplicity and depth of characters, I could not put it down.
 Easy read.. really enjoyed this book!
 Beautifully written.  Thought provoking story.
 Krueger achieves wonderfully drawn characters in a coming-of-age story with a murder mystery sub-story that keeps you reading. Especially loved the descriptive passages of 1950's life in the Midwest.
 Loved the book.  Lots of good charters.
 Love the book, great author!
 Very inspiring
 A thoroughly enjoyable read!
 A slow start but a great family story.
 Excellent read. Well written and enjoyable. Wonderful and believable characters.
 Enjoyable read
 I loved Krueger's use of simile and metaphor - so unique and powerful.  I loved the themes of life and death and the transient and ephemeral nature of history, and his artful ability to rend them together into a powerful work of fiction.
 This book is beautifully written and well crafted. I enjoyed the character development and vivid imagery. I highly recommend Ordinary Grace.
 An old fashioned sort of story, but it dragged a bit.
 A truly excellent read.  Many life lessons.
 Kept my interest....really good book.
 A moving story with wonderful lessons for all of us.
 So well written.  I highly recommend this book.
 Best story I have read in a while.
 Great read!!
 Loved the book
 I really enjoyed this book.
 This book was recommended to me as being a "good read".  I was disappointed.
 Great story.
 I liked it, well written.
 Excellent Writing and a page turner.
 This was the most wonderful book I have read this year.  I read it in two sittings.  The plot was a mystery, the people were real.  A tear jerker.  Loved it.
 It was a good read, kept me wanting to keep reading.  Like the less than perfect characters and treated people with problems with respect.
 This is one of the best books I have read. It's a coming of age tale that combines mystery, religion, complex characters in one great story.
 It was a great book. Not only was the story engaging but it was also very well written.
 Excellent read. Actually listened to it on a trip to and from Florida!
 One you will not forget.  Reminds you how complex life is and people are impacted by the things life throw at us but we can survive.
 Krueger does a great job weaving the drama of his story into the mundane life of a small town childhood.  As a Methodist pastor, I also appreciate his insight into the pastoral life and his honoring, and not dismissing (as is in vogue), this ancient profession.
 I have been a fan of the Cork series so decided to give this a try. Same style of character development and unfolding of the story line so it seemed very comfortable to me.
 This is the first time I have read a book by this author. I enjoyed the story and his writing style.
 Excellent book on ordinary experiences of life and their effects on our lives.
 One of the best books I have ever read.  Mystery, intrigue, all set in the summer of 1961.  You could almost feel the heat...beautifully written.
 I loved this book! After growing up in a small town, this book made me feel right back home. The character development was superb. The father , pastor , really was a caring, compassionate and logical thinker.
 Our book club said this was one of our best books ever !
 Beautifully written and inspiring. You will fall in love with the Zach an Nathan. Great story to boot.
 Loved this book! A coming of age tale that I would place right up there with To Kill s Mockingbird.
 Great writing and character development.
 Great book! Easy read!
 This is the best book I have read in years. It's too bad it didn't get more notice or wider distribution. It should have been a National Best Seller!
 Liked this book very much. It's a page turner. Its on the order of stand by me.
 Excellent read
 It took place in a fictional town much like New Ulm, I wish to read more of William Kent Krueger's writing, since he so much warmth and sadness at the same time. Much of the warmth was very familiar to me.
 absolutely loved this book!!!
 It was very heart rendering book
 I've really enjoyed Krueger's series, but this novel is altogether different.  He brings a small town and all of his characters alive.  Its the kind of book I don't want to put down, but hate to see it end.
 This is such an empowering book! Read it &amp; thrive in God's supportive arms!
 Excellent book! Had a hard time putting it down. Highly recommend!
 Excellent read! Well written!
 A remarkable coming of age story told in the context of four deaths affecting the lives of a pastor's family in the fictional town of New Bremen, Minnesota in 1961.
 COULD NOT PUT THE BOOK DOWN !  Thank you, Mr. Krueger.  There is so much to contemplate.  What a beautiful gift to me.
 Wonderful book!
 Fine written novel and one of my favorites!
 This book is a great marriage of family saga, secrets and mystery. Small town midwest ideals and child upbringing come together in a well-told story I couldn't put down.
 This is a lovely and rich coming of age novel that deals with growing up, tragedy and God's grace in profound ways. I love to give it as a gift to friends who have endured unspeakable tragedy. It is so Graceful.
 Our book club read this and I think out of 10 ladies we all loved it that doesn't happen very often at all in our club!
 I liked his telling of events in his life in a real believable way.  I would recommend this book as a good read.
 Wonderfully written.  It's a can't put it down story.
 Very well written.  You get a good since of the time and place - character development was excellent.
 Once again Mr. Krueger has exceeded himself.  I cannot get enough of his books.  You start reading and hate to put the book down and loves to keep you in suspense.
 I loved this book. I felt happier about being a human being after reading it.
 This was a gripping story beyond a mystery.  The characters were beautifully drawn, as was the plot.  The author kept me guessing until the end.  I loved that the author took us years beyond to know what happened to the characters.
 Easy reading novel kept me interested.
 This book is so good!  the story and characters are woven into a real intriguing neighborhood plot.  The author's detailed descriptions make you feel like you've stepped head first into the story.  Loved it!
 Loved the story told through the eyes of the boy, very enjoyable read. Couldn't put this one down, page turner.
 A beautiful book.  Loved it!
 Interesting and well written story line. Kept my interest from start to finish
 Loved the style of writing, the characters, the plot. A wonderful journey of a boy and his family through a summer of tragedy.  Well developed and easy to read, yet gripping all the way.
 Good read.
 Really enjoyed this story that takes place in Minnesota. Good twists that had me guessing and mislead many times. Highly recommend!
 loved it
 One of the best books I've ever read.
 After all the glowing reviews I anticipated a great book.  It isn't.  The editing is horrible.  It seems there is a limit on the number of commas allowed, and you find yourself having to backtrack through a sentence to get the proper flow.  The print quality is horrible, so light you can hardly see it.  The story itself is easily figured out early in the book.  Not nearly as good a 'coming of age' story as many others.  Considering the price, big disappointment.  Really lukewarm in every way and not worth this amount of money.
 Highly recommend - interesting story.
 Beautifully written... one of my favorite books of the year!<br/>Wonderful imagery and point of view...easy and delicious to jump into.
 One of the best mystery t series I have read.  There were times I forgot  I was reading fiction.  Very well written and full of wisdom.
 A great read.  I am recommending it to all my friends.  The best book I have read in years.
 Very well written. Numerous issues in this book.
 I really enjoyed this book. Loved the characters especially the brothers and their dad &amp; Gus. Good story. Quick read.
 This is a beautifully written story.  It is absolutely my favorite book of the year.
 Very well written. Couldn't put it down. Likable characters
 Good read
 Well written and an easy read.
 Slow start, but worth reading to the end.  The portrait of the late 1950's, early 1960's, small town life was nostalgic.  The book contains some admirable characters with something to say.
 A very thought provoking book. The author portrays his characters with great skill.
 Touching, funny, poignant, uplifting, a page turner. Immensely enjoyable. The characters were so real and somehow I felt compassion towards them. I'm sure the author had something to do with that.
 Great story .interesting character development...Dad, great clergy person,dad.spouse an friend....
 Graceful comes to mind--Not predictable-full of human complexity.
 just didnt like the writing. the story was good.
 Just as usual from a great author. Thank you/
 I grew up Methodist in a small town so I really identified with the story and characters.  The book was wonderfully written and the ending was a surprise. I highly recommend this book.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It was an easy read - hard to put down.  I found the characters to have depth and the story thought provoking.  I highly recommend this book!
 Liked the book.  Kept me interested.
 A beautifully told story.  Entertaining, relevant and thought provoking.
 Loved this book!  Well written and interesting characters.  I did, however, guess who the villain was.
 Great, easy read. Really held my interest and had several plot twists
 An intense read allowing the mind to explore place in the circumstances of death.
 This is a beautifully written book--moving and profound.  I highly recommend.
 I love this book.  Set where I grew up and very true to the area and era.  Keeps you wondering until the end.  Good mystry and great characters.
 wanderings of a child's summer through his adult eyes.<br/>a thought provoking read of what many experience but few can write
 Wonderful book.
 An entertaining read! I loved the description of life in a small town many years ago.
 The story and it's characters take you back in time.  Suspenseful all the way through.  Left me wanting a sequel to this novel.
 Good plot - very well written
 I really enjoyed this book.
 Great story told from a young boys perspective. Always a new twist to the story keeping the reader wanting to read more.
 Greatest book I have read in such a long time.  It has everything.  Suspense, Family values, Religion, history.  Well written and I loved every character.
 One of the best books I've reading a long time. I will be reading more from this author.
 Enjoyed character development
 Wonderful book. Very well written.<br/> Surprising ending.
 As compelling a tale of loss and forgiveness as I've read in some time. And to think I went into it simply expecting a mystery.
 This was a interesting coming I age novel - loved that this book didn't just fit into one genre. Had me in tears when it come to know the true meaning of the title
 Such a great read, glad it was chosen for my book club. Characters were well-developed and the story was just very engrossing.
 I would like to give it 4.5 stars.  A really good read.
 Sure enjoyed this book.  It seems so real as I remember those days of his story.  William Kent Krueger is a master story teller.  Thanks!
 Good read.
 Beautifully written novel of love, loss, and murder.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Great character development and surprises along the way.
 Beautifully written, evocative. Makes me want to visit New Bremen, Minnesota.  I did figure out "who done it"...
 It's an okay read.
 Wonderful writing
 Excellent
 Small town atmosphere with some intrigue.
 A great story, engaging from start to finish.
 A modern day Phantom.  Sad but inspirational.
 This is a wonderful book.  Not just a mystery, but filled with gems of wisdom.  The characters jump off the page and some of them you wish you could actually meet again in the next sequel.
 A most moving story replete with wisdom and love. This is the first of William Kent Kreuger's books that I've read. It most certainly won't be the last.
 Good read.
 I really enjoyed reading this book. It kept you engaged and was ultimately life-affirming.
 It's a beautifully written novel. Couldn't put it down and stayed up way past my bedtime reading.
 Came in great condition
 Excellent.  Characters well defined and evoked emotion.  Slightly predictable outcome as the story progressed.  But it was still a "couldn't put the book down" read.
 Enjoyed.  It held my interest and I especially liked Jake.
 I had never read this author before and am tickled with a new discovery.  Loved everything about this book. Highly recommend this novel.
 Enjoyed it, but so many more exceptional reads out there
 Quick read which completely held my interest. Great character development.
 Heart warming story
 Krueger builds a young man's journey through a confusing year<br/>where finding the truth in his life is challenged by the truth and the untruth<br/>in the lives of everyone else.
 Relates to both men and women.
 Love, love, loved it!
 I loved this one. I couldn't put it down.
 Very worthwhile!  Glad I read it!
 I felt the last 50 or so pages were not as well written as the rest of the book. Overall, it was an enjoyable book.
 An absolutely wonderful book.
 This book transported me back in time to when things seemed so much simpler but could still be so complicated.
 So many twists and turns. While it was not really a feel good story, I loved the book/brought back many childhood memories!
 A lovely book!  Well written, very moving characters.
 Terrific read. Starts  slowly and builds into a memorable story. I could almost taste the mid west locale.
 Love Love this book, good writing good story and heart warming style.
 Nice story. Fast reamd
 Good Book
 I didn't expect to enjoy this book as much as I did -- it was a book club pick.  The characters are very well drawn, particularly the boy who is the narrator and his younger brother. It is a look back at a kinder, gentler time, BUT is filled with death, dealing with wounded individuals, etc.  The big questions of God and life itself are part of the discussion.  I was able to figure out the "whodunit", but still found it to be a satisfying plot. I definitely recommend this as a good summer read.
 Excellent book with lots of twists and a moral faith based sub story
 Extraordinary!!!!! So beautifully written and so full of suspense and utter angst. One of the best books I have ever read!
 Great book.
 The characters have depth.  Looking back on three deaths which occurred forty years prior insight is given into human frailties and the grace of God.  Christian beliefs regarding loss and grief are well presented.
 Loved this book!
 Loved this story- cried and laughed!
 Loved this story. Used it in book club where we lots of great discussion. Can't wait for more for W. K. Krueger.
 Extraordinarily beautifully written with a story line that kept the reader captivated.  Character  and setting imagines came through the paper (or screen as the case may be).
 Read the book. It holds your interest
 Loved this book.  If you like really well written prose, this book is for you too.
 This coming of age story in 1961 Minnesota is a bit of a mystery story and a bit of a homily.
 The author draws finely defined characters in a believable scenario.
 i totally recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good author and a touching coming of age, and so much more, story.
 Good plot,well written.
 5 star.  Absolutely loved it.  One of the best books I have read this year.
 I loved this book.  I gave it to my husband.  I couldn't wait to talk to him about it.  He loved it, too.  Worth reading!
 Seemed long us exciting until the last half. Then enjoyed reading it.
 A wonderful coming of age story, strong characters and an unexpected twist. A great read.
 This was a wonderful book. What life is about. Couldn't wait to read it each night .
 Having grown up in the Mpls. area in the 50s and 60s I could really relate. Highly recommended book.
 I couldn't put the book down even though I guessed the ending I couldn't wait to finish the book. Entertaining  The 1960 time frame brought back memories.
 Wonderful prose. Interesting story. Krueger is a master.
 Our Book Club LOVED this book.  Once you start it, it's hard to put down!
 Loved it!!  Wonderful story!!  Couldn't put it down!!
 Strong characters. Good storyline. Compelling mystery. Enjoyed it.
 Beautiful written book with characters who you will remember for a long time.
 It was a nice read
 Excellent. Book I thought it one of the best I have r ead
 I am not a great fan of the mystery genre.  This book, however, is more a beautifully constructed coming-of-age story that includes a mysterious family death.
 Little action. Too boring. Finally good ending.
 There are a lot of stories out there about growing up, but this one is particularly good.  The characters are very well developed and believable.  We had a great time in discussion at book club.  Well worth reading.
 This is a wonderful story with interesting, believable characters.  I laughed, cried and couldn't put the book down, but didn't want it to end.
 Loved it
 Excellent use of the gospel in everyday life
 Good read
 Always love his books
 Ordinary Grace brings you back to the narrators childhood memories of the summer of 1961. Krueger's voice is so descriptive, you feel, see, and hear the events that occur that summer. For me, it was a real page turner! I am excited to read more from Wm. Kent Krueger.
 Beautifully crafted mystery told from a 13 year old boys perspective. A powerful juxtaposition of themes from religion to class to sexuality in a 1961 small Minnesota town setting.
 Book was in good condition and the price was right
 This is a beautifully written book.
 Excellent book. Deals with so many current parts of our society today. Will recommend it for our Book Club.<br/>Has some of Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn and some of how to extend compassion to all folks.
 EXELLENT CHARACTERS WELL DEVELOPED ESP. LIKED THE WRAP OF ALL THE CHARACTERS @ THE END
 The story line was so engaging and believable. I couldn't wait to get back to it! I was hooked immediately!
 Great read!
 Excellent story, loved Frank and Gus. There were enough twists and turns to keep the pages turning and the characters became very real
 My favorite so far this year.
 Great read.....I highly recommend it
 Krueger's stories never disappoint. I Loved the new characters. Great addition to the WKK library.  Will recommend to my friends.
 Loved this book
 I enjoyed this book very much.  Beat I have read recently.
 Very well written and kept me captivated! Love the underlying theme of placing our life in God's hands. Would definitely recommend
 Great characters and development
 Great
 Great read that I found a little different than anything Ihave ever read.
 Just loved this book , our book club also gave it a 4
 One of the best novels I've read in a long time.  It takes you back in time and has some interesting twists to the story.  A great book to enjoy on the porch.
 Great story and beautiful writing
 The story was good, and it kept my attention.  However, the editing wasn't all it should/could have been.  Lack of proper punctuation made some of the sentences difficult to read correctly the first time.  All in all, a good read.
 Loved the family dynamic of this novel and cheered for Jake and his stunning wisdom as a child.
 well written.  Somewhat slow in  developing.
 I loved this book.  Though a story that seems very familiar, the writing is excellent and the characters well developed.
 Really enjoyed this book. Written from the perspective of a young teenager, the writer explores family loyalty, individuality with a mystery woven along the way.
 Excellent book! Our book club read it and we had a wonderful and thoughtful discussion.
 Absolutely fantastic boom
 Very moving story, this is one book I'll keep.
 A joy to read. Touched me deeply.
 a great read
 Super good story
 Great story about forgiveness. Wonderfully written. Thoroughly enjoyed!
 Good book.
 Youths struggling with decision making and choices of morality against a backdrop of intrigue in a small Midwest town. A great read.
 Well written, engaging and interesting
 The story kept me interested from early on. There is a good development of dealing with emotions, especially guilt and the acceptance of death.
 Loved the book in fact our whole book group liked it.
 An abundance of grace
 Great Book. Everyone in my book club loved it.
 Loved this book! Have recommended it to others who also felt the same way.
 Fascinating from the first sentence. It was one of those books I stayed up too late to finish.
 Wonderful compelling story.  Enjoyed it to the very end!
 It was in good condition.  Thanks
 A really good book.  Enjoyed it very much.
 Good read
 Great read.  Very well written.  And I loved the setting in Minnesota.
 Very well written book. Great character development.
 A well told story of one summer's events in a small Minnesota town in 1961. Part murder mystery, part memoir, a touching and powerful reflection on life and the loss of loved ones.
 Very engaging. Reminded me a bit if To Kill A Mockingbird.
 Very enjoyable read. Well written with engaging characters and plot twists.
 Thought provoking and well written.
 I was skeptical about Kent writing out of his genre but loved the book.  I think it is his best.
 Beautifully written and reminds us of the grace of all sorts of people; doing the right thing even at great personal loss. Uplifting!
 Like it
 The characters were so memorable. They became very real and when the book was done,  I missed  them! I wish the author had changed the ending to make a sequel more likely. These characters had more stories to tell!
 It's fun reading about the  familiar towns and landmarks.  This book could have taken place in any family  Very enjoyable
 I found this book different with unexpected twist and turns. Surprize ending.Enjoyable. I could relate to the caracters.I recomend it to people who enjoy "a who done it!"<br/><br/>'<br/><br/>'
 Wonderfully written, this book combines mystery and suspense, but more importantly it delivers a message of faith, family, love,  and forgiveness. Something that we should all practice more frequently. I definitely recommend it.
 If you are looking for a tantalizing "who dun it", this is probably not it.  It is a coming of age bittersweet gem reminiscent of To Kill A Mockingbird.
 The author's heretofore unrevealed talent for spinning a wonderful period tale was much appreciated and causes us to anticipate the next offering with relish!!!
 Loved the writing, loved the topic, loved the sweet story from a boys point of view. I didn't want it to end.
 Couldn't put it down.  Great story.
 Best novel I've read this year.....
 This book gave me a similar feeling to what I had after reading To Kill a Mockingbird. The characters seemed like real people, the story totally absorbing.
 Coming of age story of two brothers. Great read wonderful characters!
 Pleasant read
 Well written, several twists and turns.
 I loved this book.  I usually don't purchase books, just read them from the library, but after reading this book, I bought it so I could read it again and again.
 Beautiful story of loss and family
 Although, this book brought up some painful feelings and memories of the loss of my son, I still felt it was a wonderful book and plan on reading more of his books.
 I really liked this book.
 Loved the book.
 Krueger leaves Northeastern Minnesota and travels to the farmlands of the southern part of the state.  Regardless of the location, Krueger's writing is wonderful.  As with all of his books, I can't put them down, and the stories end far to quickly
 Great book!!! I couldn't put it down!!
 This story and the characters in the book caught me off guard. Very thought provoking and moving. I can't wait to start the next one!
 Krueger is the best!
 Great book. Great service.
 Good writing.  The story is a bit depressing and dark though.
 Well written and definitely would recommend.
 Couldn't put it down
 The characters in this book and story stay with you long after you have finished reading it.  It is a beautifully written;  a gift from William Kent Krueger.
 This novel is one of my favorite books!.
 Compared to other works I have read by William Kent Krueger, Ordinary Grace was a surprisingly captivating story with richly developed characters. It was a novel that was hard to put down.
 Ordinary Grace is a terrific read.  It grabs your attention from the start and you never want to put it down.  I highly recommend it.  Everyone in our book club enjoyed it.
 This was an amazing sto
 enjoyed this book for our August Book club.  Like the authors style of writing, great discussion at book club!!
 Inspiring story
 this is one of my favorite books! I love this author!
 Another Mystery<br/> In Ordinary Grace, William Kent Krueger departs from his usual protagonist detective Cork O'Conner and leaves northern Minnesota. He arrives for this novel in southern Minnesota in 1961where the pre-adolescent protagonist is son of a Methodist minister.  While the descriptions of the prairie are so lovely that I can almost smell the rich soil and the cattails along the river, I wish Krueger had truly departed from his usual mode of writing.  In this novel, he again writes a mystery; this time the twelve-year-old Frank Drum solves the mystery of the murder of his sister. The murder rocks the little town of New Bremen to its core.  Frank's family's Christian faith is sorely tested to the point that his mother teeters on the brink of self-destruction.  The murder of a talented young woman poised on the beginning of an illustrious career in music and the loss of a beloved sister and daughter would, by itself, be enough to produce a captivating novel.  Different viewpoints might have produced a novel that plumbed the depths of the crisis for the individual family members.  Instead, Frank guesses at what is occurring in the minds of his family and overhears the conversations of adults that allow the reader to understand the intricacies of their relationships.  The plot seems contrived because of the overlay of the mystery upon the family tragedy. Frank has to figure out what is true and what is not true about his sister's death. The plot is predicated on secrets.  Had Frank's sister told her secret, she would not have died.  Had the man who impregnated her told his secret, she would not have died. Since Krueger strives to create suspense using many secrets, the water becomes so muddied that the reader loses sight of the thrust of the family's grief and healing process.  The simple truths of God's grace and the nostalgic view of a small community in another era make this a compelling story. The tracking of a killer amidst the despair, however, becomes problematical.  I guessed the name of the murderer in the latter half of the novel and was, therefore, pestered by the preaching against prejudice and secondary plots involving three other deaths in the novel meant to divert my attention from the real killer.
 This is a wonderful coming of age story.  It's my favorite Krueger book now, although I love all his books.
 A good read. Well written. A few more deaths n the story than I would like, but handled with care.
 An inspirational novel.  A great read.
 I cried and laughed all along the chapters. The journey of the family pulls you in.  This book was so well written!
 Brought back so many memories of such a simpler time, yet had a very twisty plot.
 Absolutely loved this book.  I grew up in that area &amp; during the 50's &amp; 60's.  A must read.
 Very compelling
 Good read. A little depressing.
 Well worth reading. It kept your attention and kept you in suspense. A quick solid read.
 One of the best novels I've read!!!
 Ordinary Grace was a 5 star read. I enjoyed the book very much.  I recommend it for a Book Club.
 Great book.  Loved the setting back in 1961.
 A good read with lots of commentary on human nature.
 Strong characters and great story line.
 It is a "coming of age" story in small town America.. Good mystery to solve, good character development, good story. Nostalgic 1961.
 Loved it!
 So well written it makes you feel the heat the friendships and the lives like they were you own. Ending this book was like saying good by to a marvelous friend
 Good book. Easy read and story line is easy to follow.  I would recommend for book clubs and personal enjoyment.
 ordinary grace, does not get better, wonderful story, wonderful company.
 So well written that I just couldn't put it down! I want to  reread it just to revisit the imagery.
 Great story
 A tad predictable but overall a nice, sweetly written story
 Great book.
 great book
 This is an engaging novel full of authentic characters and Midwestern culture in the early sixties. I read it straight through. A short coming was perhaps one red herring too many. A great strength was the narrative was paced like a mystery but the novel was much more, and the faith struggles of the characters were a theme as important as the search for the cause of a young woman's drowning.
 Great book
 very slow in parts
 I loved this book. Definitely a page-turner!
 Excellent story!
 I really, really liked this book.
 Loved this book. But then I love the author!
 Ordinary Grace is a wonderful story of mystery, family, faith and love. I would highly recommend this book! It was hard to put the book down.
 Excellent book.  Enjoyed  the first half better that last part.
 A very good read! And also very good on audio. it is deep and thought provoking. Put my faith at a different level.
 One of the best books I've read in a long while - well-written with excellent character development .
 Excellent read.
 I bought this book because I love first person narration and the book won the prestigious Edgar Award, but I thought it was disappointing.  I felt it was written on about the fifth grade reading level, with lots of irritating run-on sentences and a very limited vocabulary.  Also, it was very easy to figure out the identity of the killer, which is never a good thing in a mystery.  It worked better as a coming-of-age story than it did as a mystery.
 At the end of the book there are topics and questions for a book club to discuss.  Need I say more?  I have no idea how Dennis Lehane is compensated for his positive comments on the book jacket but I'll never trust his "recommendations" again.
 Krueger steps outside the box on this one!  I loved the perspective of a 13 year old boy and his take on many moral issues of our time.  This would be a wonderful book for a book club discussion for that very reason.  Great read!
 A wonderful story and very well written. Took me back to the days of my youth.
 Satisfied!
 Enjoyed this book .  Couldn't put it down. Great words of wisdom and spiritual truth throughout the book. Highly recommended.
 I liked it - an easy read and something I wanted to pick up.
 I really liked the grumpy old man.
 Easy read
 A very good read. Great descriptions. I wanted it to go on and on.
 It was ok.  Story did address several issues regarding marginalized people.  That was interesting.
 Wonderful narrative which really seemed real as could be from the perspective of a 13 year old boy
 An exquisite tapestry of Grace, small town living, coming of age, family values, faith, and an engaging plot.  Loved every page!
 Yes.
 I loved this book. The suspense was classic Krueger, the writing was very eloquent and the story touched home in so many ways. Was easy for a guy who grew up in Southern MN to relate.
 I did not think that I would like this book because I thought it would be preachy.<br/>It ended up being a wonderful story written by an author that knows how to tell one!
 Well-written, engaging story &amp; memorable characters. Thoroughly enjoyed it!
 I enjoyed the book. I liked the development of the characters and the story.  I recommend this book as a great read.
 I was moved deeply by this story and found myself tearing up fairly frequently.  It was a great read.
 I bought this for my husband because I had already read it and loved it. It is beautifully written. He also loved the story.
 My book club chose this book and I was not disappointed. The narrator, a boy, grows up and helps us do the same.
 great book in so many ways
 What a joy to read a book brimming with plot, setting, and characterization.  Well written and intriguing, I felt a part of 1961 Minnesota and the Drum family. Nevertheless, it was fast paced, but not forced.  It had a gentle rhythm that pulled you along. I just wish every book I read was as entertaining, thought provoking and memorable as this one. Bravo!
 Good read
 Strong writing from a  unique perspective,.tender in spots and crafted extremely well.One of my favorite reads this year1
 Excllent!
 This is one of the books we read for our book club last month.  Everyone enjoyed this read and had a great discussion.<br/>Worth the read.<br/>  Paula
 Well written book
 I thought it was well done....intriguing
 Although the story keep my interest, the story seemed far fetched.  I enjoyed seeing activities/events from a boy's perspective.
 this is the best book I have read in a long time. I plan to read more by thia author.
 This book, while a lot more exciting than my childhood, brought back many memories from my experiences growing up in a small midwestern town.  The characters are realistic, and the story is very intriguing and well-told.
 Very inspiring.
 Beautifully written and poignant.
 I had the book club yesterday and they thought it was good!!!<br/><br/>the author was recommended for his further books.<br/>A good read to know about!!!
 Very suspenseful as well as deep and touching
 LOVE THIS BOOK! The innocence of children and the love of a family never disappoints!
 This book is a must read. Very enjoyable with a twist at the end
 Great read for a quiet winter weekend. Couldn't put it down... beautiful story of tragedy and family, narrated by the coming of age son was a moving angle. The adult world does seem ridiculously complicated com his perspective.
 I thought it was a good coming of age story with some plot twists and a little mystery.  Nice story overall.  Fast read.  Worthwhile read.
 Beautifully written coming of age story.
 Great combination of personalities and mystery.  Kept me reading to discover who the murderer was!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I could sit down and reread it right now. It is our bookclub selection for this month.  Can't wait for the discussion.
 Beautifully written.  I felt like I knew the characters.
 Methodist kids
 Great story.  Can't say much more-you have to just read it.
 A book rich in detail and emotion.  Slow but pleasurable pace.  It's a book meant to take time to read and let the story soak in.  You'll reminisce about your own childhood, and loss in your life.  Highly recommended.
 I loved this book and started reading more of Mr. Krueger's books. The writing was musical to me, nice flow that brought you into the story.
 Highly recommend this book.  Have already passed it on to 4 people and have a list of 2 more waiting.
 I read this book during the time of the Boston Marathon bombings. It brought forth the power of faith, hope &amp; love and an appreciation for this miracle known as life. It was my favorite book of the year.
 I loved this book.
 It kept me guessing...good nature writing.
 A great literary experience. A story that taps into all of the things that make up the experience we call life. :)
 Shades of "To kill a mockingbird". Good book.
 Best book I've EVER read! Loved it &amp; will be reading more of Wm Kent Krueger! He takes the reader into the lives of the Drum family on every level!
 This book was great.  I heard Mr. Krueger speak at a book and authors luncheon and was very impressed with what he had to say, so I bought his book.  It focused on families and their interaction in a small town in the 1960's through a boy's eyes.
 I would recommend it to anyone who has a deep spiritual connection to the episodes of faith in the power of grace as reflected in the actions of ordinary people.
 Love it!
 not the kind of book i would think i would be into. but i couldnt put it down.
 Book club loved this.  Hard to put down and great discussion followed.
 Great book.
 Well-written and fascinating!  Couldn't put it down!  One of the very best mysteries I've read in quite a long time.
 I gr
 A good story line and a lively writing style.  An insight into small town middle America.
 I grew up in the Minnesota river valley and this book was a visit home.  I loved the way William Kent Krueger captured the voice of his young boys.
 Really great writing.  I loved reading this book with so much meaning!  Life time from a boy to man perspective .
 a great coming of age  story.. the characters were wonderful, I  thoroughly enjoyed it.. a great summer read for everyone
 This book reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbird.  Probably because of the young narrator and a loss of innocence!  Would highly recommend!
 Loved it! A quick read with a great message.
 fabulous book.  Very thought provoking and so well written
 Great story, strong vivid characters, please write another one, I was sad to see it end! Very well written, bravo!
 Was pleasantly surprised - first time reading this author.  Would recommend.
 Loved it!
 I loved it in its simplicity and deep emotional context of the characters.
 Unique - had a hard time putting it down...
 Beautiful writing. Compelling story. I got a sample online and was hooked instantly, downloaded it and devoured it. Many "highlighted lines" throughout.  Highly recommend.  Loved it.
 My book club members and I agreed, this was one of the best novels  we've read this year. Holds your interest throughout.
 Excellent book!!!
 Great book
 Loved it. The characters are all so delicate and layered. Story moved quickly. Finished it in 2 days.
 I love a book that affects me emotionally. That means I will always remember it. A page turner.
 Beautifully written, interesting characters, and solid story. Set in the midwest, it reminds me of my life as a child back in the 60's.  I have always liked WKK's work, and this book is no exception.
 An excellent book which keeps one interested throughout.
 I really loved this book. Very well written. I'll be looking for this author again.
 Great story.  Kept my attention and a quick read.
 Beautifully written, tender story, loved it
 Have already reviewed and rated this novel
 Sobering, but impressive
 I Love the way that William Kent Krueger writes, I have read all of his books. His cork O'connor books are just great<br/>I'm always hesitant in reading books that are from the same author but a different series than thier norm, but not with him he is ALWAYS GREAT!!!! keep up the great writing..... but I need more faster, I read them as soon as they come out then I have to wait a year to get the next one -UGH
 William Kent Krueger has done it again with "Ordinary Grace" being an excellent read.  There are many heartfelt family moments as well as suspense and mystery.
 Krueger is a very good writer and made me read too late at night.
 One of the best books of all time.  Comparable to "To Kill a Mockingbird."--perhaps better.
 Excellent read.
 Loved it, sending it to my daughter in Fiji to read.
 Well written with clearly drawn characterizations.<br/>Surprise ending added to my enjoyment.
 Interesting book - kept you guessing!
 Well-written and captivating book
 You are taking into the story and it is hard to leave. Days after reading it I am still in the drama .
 absolutely loved this book. Well written and great story.
 Beautiful story. Very well written. This book is in my top ten of all time.
 Enjoying the book!!
 Reading it does ones heart good!
 Prepare to think with this book .  Not like Kreuger. Other books.  Worth the time to read.
 Enjoyable. Predictable but I read every page.
 I enjoyed this book. Will read more by William Kent Krueger
 This book was a wonderful story.  Krueger is one of my favorite authors and I enjoyed all I have read.<br/>This was a change from his Cork stories and I loved it.
 Very good story. Well written.
 Very good book. I highly recommend it!
 Great read!
 thoroughly enjoyed
 Of Krueger's books, I first got hooked on ordinary grace - such beautiful writing, I absorbed every word.  They way in which he describes situations and events makes the book a true treasure.
 Great book.
 Krueger is our favorite!
 Good read
 I had trouble putting this one down.
 Extraordinary tale beautifully written.  Hated the book to end as I didn't want to say goodbye to these people.
 Very enjoyable! My book club loved it.
 Excellent book beginning to end
 Just discovered this author last year and have read all his novels.  I do however like Cork O'Conner series better.<br/>Why did he do away with Jo?
 Kept my interest all the way through!  Great read
 Once I started it, I did't want to stop. I highly recommend it. When I thought I had it all figured out, I was so wrong.
 Wonderful book and great character development and interaction.
 Excellent read.  Couldn't put it down.
 good read
 Very well written! Tells a story that everyone can relate to. I read the book in three days and thoroughly enjoyed it.
 Slow at first but loved the characters
 One of the best novels I have read. Loved it!!
 Very well written, and quotable lines about grief and the value of life!
 Very good story about family struggles
 Incredibly engaging story that is beautifully written. One of my top 10 for 2013. I have recommended it to many, many people.
 I hate long reviews , so why write one.  One of the most graceful novels I have ever come across.  Breathtaking in its sweep of wisdom in the face of death, and finding grace through hope amidst tragedy that anyone who has lived can relate to.
 I loved this book!  I can highly recommend "Ordinary Grace!"  The characters and plot are well developed.  This book will definitely hold your interest until the end.
 Excellent read moving story of young boys growing up when terrible things can happen to your perfect ordinary life.
 I like when I can't figure out the ending which you sometimes can.  I seem to like stories through the eyes of children.
 Lovely book. Used for book club. Everyone loved it. Read this book.
 Even without Cork Krueger can create a read that is hard to put down.  I am so glad this author's name was given to me.
 A very unique book that was a great solid read all the way through.
 Well written, engaging story.
 Will read more of his work.
 Great Read.  I loved it.
 Fascinating story. Great writing!
 Everyone in my book group really liked this novel. I liked it too, but found it quite reminiscent of many other coming of age stories and therefore a bit predictable. Obedient sibling, adventurous sibling, religious father, depressed mother, small town, prejudice, bad cops. I wanted to be fond of more of the characters, but only a couple found my heart. if you haven't read this type of novel before it can certainly stand on its own.
 Incredible book
 a fantastic book
 Very interesting and well done
 Excellent read.
 After re reading To Kill A Mockingbird and then Go Set A Watchman, I really enjoyed this book.
 My son needed this book for a college course and was pleasantly surprised, he liked it a lot.
 Good read
 This was a simple, predictable book. It was like a soap opera, which I don't watch but did as a kid in the summers. I also read MARY WORTH with my great aunt when I was a kid and this book reminded me of that comic strip. It kind of hooked you but you really felt foolish for being taken in because you knew the outcome long before the end of the book. It would be a good beach book or book to read after you've struggled with something complicated. I cannot imagine why it is rated as high as it is because it certainly is not fine literature. The epilogue was a feel good ending and wrapped it up nicely since you had to wonder what happened to all the characters.
 Ordinary Grace is quite different than the Cork O'Connor novels and I wasn't sure if I was going to enjoy this book but I was pleasantly surprised. I found that I took my time savouring the story and often found myself reflecting on the times I lost someone close to me as Krueger's words evoked many memories and feelings. The mystery itself wasn't particularly complex, but it was the story and the words that were so appealing and thought-provoking.
 Enjoyed this book
 It was better than I was told by a friend, and she said it was great.
 Really enjoyable book.  Makes me want to read more of his work!
 Couldn't put it down.
 I ordered this book because it won the Edgar award and after about a third of the book I'm not sure why this was evn in the crime category.  It is much more a coming of age story and who cares.  Much better version of this is The last Child 5 stars by me.  I think I'll put this aside and read one of his Cork O'Connor books instead.
 Very well written.  Loved the character development.  Plot line was very entertaining.  This is one I can see discussed in English classes across America.
 This book reminded me a bit of Mark Twain's Tom Sawyer &amp; Huckleberry Finn.<br/>I enjoyed it as a fast read.
 Very good read
 Engrossing
 Best book I have read in a long time! Beautifully written.
 Extraordinary book.
 Wonderful book.
 Great characters, a little mystery and a look back on earlier times.  Once I started reading it was hard to put down.
 A really nice story
 Highly recommend this book!!!
 The best book i have read in a long time!!!
 Delightful
 Beautifully written story. I fell in love with the authors prose,  as well as the story of a simpler life in a simpler time, but still so full of tragedy.
 I loved this book and recommended it to my book club.  They all loved it too.  So much to discuss!
 Wonderful story, endearing characters-sorry when the book ended.
 This book kept me glued to the pages. Outstanding work by William Kent Krueger.
 Good reading😊
 This was very well written. A great story!
 I enjoyed the book immensely!
 Couldn't put it down until I finished it.
 enjoyed the book very much.  Couldn't wait to get back to it when I laid it down.
 This book has everything.
 Interesting story, well written.
 Boring and predictable
 Great story, well written. Captivating story that kept the pages turning. Enjoyable, really quick, easy to read novel that I will pass on.
 In some ways it reminds me of the classic To Kill A Mockingbird, great characters and I love how the author remembers what it was like to be that young and especially during that era.
 Good book.
 Strong characters...moving action...outstanding example of patience, love, and forgiveness in Nathan Drum. Difficult...no, impossible... to predict the outcome... the guilty parties.
 A delightful read.
 Thoroughly enjoyed by me and many friends.  A little slow in the beginning but picks up the pace eventually.  Some very beautiful phrasing throughout.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book. Couldn't put it down.
 all time favorite- re read many times
 What an extraordinary combination of a page-turning thriller and a spiritual journey in one entertaining, beautifully written book.  Don't miss it.
 Incredible book...a life story for us all.<br/>I am a big fan of his other books, and look forward to moreofhis writing
 Great murder mystery.  Great story about the break down of a family and their return to wholeness. This book is for everyone.
 Wonderful book, thoughtful, suspenseful, and well written.
 A lovely story  of loss with characters with whom it's easy to relate,
 Well written.
 Kindle book that my wife says I would like also....that's a good review!
 Rate it about a 4.++++suspenseful, page turner, lots of different story lines, but an easy read
 Beautifully written.
 It was an interesting stoty especially the way all the characters intertwined.
 Well written; I enjoyed the character development; loved the story line and ending. However parts of the novel were a bit slow for me- but otherwise I would recommend this book.
 This book was very, very interesting and kept my attention!
 Well wriiten. Engaging. Recommend.
 Took a little bit to get into it but overall a very good book.  Great characters.
 The book is beautifully written - with reflection and retrospect.  There was death but violence was never graphic, more inferred.
 Beautifully written prose with well-developed, heartfelt  characters and an unusual plot.  Carefully and authentically constructed to represent life and the lifestyle of the period in which the story takes place.
 A beautiful coming of age story. A keenly observed portrait of a family  being challenged by the unthinkable and becoming extraordinary in the way they respond.
 Knew nothing of this writer.  I will definitely read more of his fiction.  Great read.
 Excellent character development, setting well drawn and accurate and mystery element well constructed to keep the reader guessing. I loved the title and it's signifance.
 Great mystery, plus poignant story.  Something you will remember for a long time. I like all the books he has witten.
 Well crafted story, well developed characters-with a few plot twists here and there.  Enjoyed it.
 Don't be fooled by the stellar reviews! Ordinary Grace--a murder mystery cum literary fiction novel-- is so ordinary that it doesn't warrant an expenditure of my time and energy to explain just how banal it is. I just wish I could get Amazon to return the $12 that I spent on the Kindle version of this dissapointing novel.
 This was a most soul seaching novel thaT i have read in along time..  Simply wonderful.
 A wonderful novel
 I loved this book, in ways it reminded me of "To Kill a Mockingbird."  The author also incorporated Christian themes that worked and were not artificial.<br/>I recommend this book highly.
 Good read
 A coming of age story with unusual circumstances happening in one summer.
 Makes you feel like you've been there too.
 One of the most touching novels I've read in ages.....so beautifully done!
 Awesome story. Loved it.
 great characters, flaws and all.
 Interesting view on everyday life in a Midwestern town.
 Most enjoyable, humane and engaging novel I have read in a long time.
 Great read!
 A quick read.  Well written. Kept my interest right to the end.
 Really enjoyed this book. Read it twice already
 This book was a bit too melodramatic for me. Some of the story lines were left in limbo. It was OK.
 Loved the characters. Story not so much.
 Great story!
 It is a story of grace and redemption.
 Outstanding read
 I loved the characters and felt  fully invested in their lives.<br/>I would highly recommend this book to all my friends.
 just a great read
 Excellent
 Fabulous!
 I really enjoyed this book. There were times when I could not put it down.
 Good novel.  Enjoyed the Minnesota area  and the religious time of the novel.
 A page turner.
 Book #2 Read in 2018<br/>Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger<br/><br/>Looking back at his childhood, Frank grew up as the son of a small-town pastor.  He and his younger brother Jake had adventures and grew up quickly one summer after a horrible events hits their family.  This book was a mix of historical fiction, realistic fiction and a mystery.  It was well written.
 I liked it so much, I have recommended to many people!
 Beautiful prose, thoughtful subject matter, good mystery.  I laughed and cried in this story.  A good book club selection!
 A real page turner.  Thoroughly enjoyable, evocative novel.
 Great book, very well written!!!
 Fabulous book!!!  Couldn't put it down!!!!
 A wonderful book. A treat to read this story. Ordinary Grace has nothing ordinary about it. I highly recommend it.
 It met them great book
 I bought this book because it looked interesting and was a daily deal.  I really enjoyed the story line and was well written.  It reminded me of the movie Stand by Me.
 one of the best books I read. Kudos!
 Good twists and turns.  I expected more connection with the title.
 Wonderful and believeable story.
 This book started off with great promise but soon became too loaded up with stereotypical characters: long-suffering saint of a father, unstable mother, sterling-gold older sister everybody loves and of course the adventurous "Hardy Boys" brothers. The other problem I had was the seemingly forced attempt at making sure we knew what time period we were in, mostly by the TV shows the boys were watching.  It just seemed too easy.  SPOILER ALERT. But most of all it seemed odd that a small town in 1961 America would have 5 deaths  4 in the same  summer] and the cavalry wouldn't be called in, just the local police poking around and two juveniles formulating their own theses.  But then the plot turns almost laughably bizarre as we find out  that the musically gifted golden sister is in love with  and having sex with] a blind, disfigured older man who was once her mother's lover! OK, so he's a celebrated composer  or was] but, really? And his nut case of a sister can't take it and clobbers this sister and throws her in the river  and one of the brothers wants to protect this gal? "she didn't mean it"]  Oy Vey!  The other deaths are gratuitous attempts at adding some tension to the story, two unsolved and two unlikely, methinks.  I'm sure this author does better judging from the great reviews his fans are giving this awful book, but I guess I won't find that out.
 I read this beautiful book in less than 24 hours.  A story of sin and forgiveness ... and the amazing grace needed to live.
 This book was beautifully written and the characters were expertly drawn.  I read the book in two days and enjoyed it very much.
 Interesting balance of individual character development and how it impacted the dynamics between characters. Also a bit of a mystery to keep you reading. Really enjoyed it.
 Beautifully written, complete  and complex characters, meaty themes to discuss.
 One of the best books I've ever read. Period.
 It was an easy and interesting read!!  I can't wait for my book club to discuss it.
 I am a spiritual person so I liked the religious aspect of it along with an interesting story. Good mystery. Interesting characters....
 This is a great read!
 Little predictable,  but a very good read.
 I loved this well-written "coming of age" novel!!!  Highly recommend it.
 Excellent book!
 This is a great story
 I couldn't put this book down. While not a tear jerker, the very last paragraph left a lump in my throat.
 Great book, great story, well-told.
 I appreciated the fact that a pastor was portrayed in a dignified way rather than comical. Good book!
 Krueger is a skilled writer. The characters come alive and hold the reader's interest throughout. Thoroughly recommended.
 Sweet book, really enjoyed it!
 Enjoyed every page !
 If you grew up in a small town in the Midwest, in the fifties or sixties, the characters are very real.
 Gripping and heart melting
 I loved the point of view--a man looking back on being 13 years old and enduring a brutal summer, but surviving by holding on to his family and his faith in God.
 The best book that I have read in a very  long time!!!
 Best book I've read in ages. Beautifully written story of growing up, family love and loss, and myste.ry combined
 Anybody that has dealt with the loss of a loved one will appreciate the realistic portrayal of the grieving process this family goes through and the power of resilience they find within!
 Great story about growing up, families, secrets.
 Good read good pace!
 Beautifully written.  Truly lovely story.
 Very enjoyable
 Great coming of age story.  Want to read more by this author
 Love this writer.  Never a bad read.
 Really enjoyed it, a good read!
 This mystery is so well written that I deem it literary fiction.
 Great read...beautifully written!
 Good character development and engaging plot; an easy read.
 A great read
 Enjoyed this book very much.
 Good
 Great book! Compares to "To Kill a Mockingbird" and "Huck Finn". Wonderful characters. Could not put it down. Strong male characters.
 Great book!  I couldn't put it down.  One surprise after another.
 Great suspenseful read, loved it.
 Good book
 Very good plot and writing!  I really enjoyed this book.
 Beautiful story
 An excellent book, I highly recommend it.  Beautifully written.
 Shipment delivered on time and loved the book!
 A who-done-it? Edgar Award winner with prose that flows like a lazy July afternoon, with an outcome that'll keep you guessing to the end.
 Read it straight through.
 I throughly enjoyed it/g
 Excellent
 Amazing
 Excellent book. Loved it
 Loved it!  He is a great storyteller!
 Enjoyed it very much
 Beautifully written book. Hated to put it down.
 Nice summer read.
 All in our book club loved this book!
 One of the best and most thought  provoking books in ages!
 Pleasant book. Great insight into the characters and their strengths and weaknesses, love and loss. I would recommend to anyone who likes a good story.
 Liked the characters.
 Great book
 This is the first book I read by William Kent Krueger and it was a very pleasant surprise.  The writing is wonderfully simple which coincides with the timeline of 1961 living in a small town.  I loved the story and the characters, especially the character of Frank, who even at the tender age of 10 knew he was a flawed individual.  I would definitely recommend this  book
 I had to labor through the first 15 chapters, but the second half of the book grabbed my interest.  Book was a bit predicable.
 Beautiful
 I really enjoyed this book!
 Great.. Passed it on to a friend
 Thought it was good. Will read other books by same author.
 Love it!
 I loved the book - recommended it to my Book Club and am faciliting it.
 One of the best books I have ever read, and that's saying a lot.  Have read a lot of really good books
 Great book for such a time as this!
 A wonderful and poignant read.  Depth of character was deep and true. I would highly recommend this book to anyone.
 Great Book - Gives a good feeling of that era in time and how families and towns related and with the small town Minnesota feeling and workings.
 This was an excellent read.
 An interesting and compelling story with God's "ordinary grace" flowing below the surface and to become more evident as the story progresses.
 This book was written so well and so sang to me - finding my dormant knowledge of the theme of such a wonderfully spun experience. I enjoyed and melded with the sound philosophies of life and the living therein. Those who have thanatology, theology or any of life's...ologies in their interest would do well to read this treatise with great savor!
 Wonderful, heart-felt story!
 Amazing!
 Different well written and engrossing
 A terrific book. Very well written - coul not put it down.
 This book touched me deeply. I could actually feel what Fank was feeling thru Kruegers writing. I definitely recommend this book
 very readable, rich characters
 This book is a "grace" indeed!  Krueger is now on my MUST READ list. Please alert me for his books, past and future!
 Well written.
 Good read but predictable towards the end.
 Suspenseful and emotional. Beautifully written!
 Great coming of age read.
 A very well written book. Growing up in the 60's it hit home.
 It was a beautifully written coming of age story. The language and feelings expressed were so heartfelt. One of my favorite books.
 A great read.
 Good story, well written.  The perpetrator of the murder that nearly destroys a family seemed a bit obvious to me early on (and I'm not one who typically figures these things out), but there is enough suspense to keep the story moving well.  Good character development.  While there are several deaths, there is not "graphic violence."
 Written somewhat like writing of Kent Haruf (Plainsong) rOne of my favorite books. Read the library copy then had to purchase one for my own - presently on loan to friend.
 Easy flow of the story the developing of character ,the description of the town and explaining God's grace so well
 Only 15% into this book and really struggling with it. At one point the narrator is describing his young self walking along a train trestle, then talking with a man that is probably a vagabond. The narrator breaks character to tell us that this scenario would make him "go rigid with worry" as an adult  if his child has done this. So far, this is the only time the narrator changes view  from childhood to adulthood.  Completely broke any spell the author may be attempting to weave.  If you are looking for a wonderful coming of age book, this is not it. Look to Ray Bradbury's Dandelion Wine or Something Wicked This Way Comes,  Stephen King's The Body, or Jeanette Walls The Glass Castle.
 Krueger's simple yet beautiful writing was mesmerizing- it captured so clearly this young boy's life in small-town Minnesota. I didn't want the book to end..
 Easy read hard to put down!  Just kept reading
 Great story!
 a very good read
 I loved this book. So many moral lessons to be learned!
 Thoroughly enjoyed it!
 Enjoyed the story very much
 The book was captivating and difficult to put away once I started reading it. Though a work of fiction it is so well written it feels like a true story.
 I lost myself in this book.  I was pulled into this little town and felt I knew the characters.  Great summer read!
 Definitely one of my most favorite books---EVER!!<br/>I was so thrilled to have an author discuss family tragedy, religion and well-defined characters.
 Very Good Book!
 Fantastic book!
 A beautiful and well written book! And as much as I've loved the Cork O'Connor books, this is Krueger's best!
 A wonderful story.  I would highly recommend this novel.
 excellent - one of the best
 This is a great book!  I so enjoyed the twists and turns.
 A worthy read for all ages..good character development.
 Great book.
 Great read!
 One of the best books I've read.......I'll be looking for more by William Krueger.
 Loved it!
 Great book. LOVED it!!
 Written in his relaxed style, this book is a page-turner.
 A good read. Simplicity at its best
 Incredibly written.... beautifully expressed. One of my favorites this year!
 Nice change from the Cork O'Connor books - very good read
 Great read.
 I have read a few books that sound like this one but then the mystery catches me.  Not the best book I ever read but enjoyable.
 The finale of the story is always unpredictable holding our attention to the end.  His book are full of adventure  and the desire to read all,the way thru
 Very good read!!
 An intriguing story written with such poetic realism, with a lot of gems of wisdom.  I was hooked on the first page!
 On time and matching the description provided on-line.
 Beautifully written. Both my husband and I loved it. We will definitely be reading it in our book club too
 As a Minnesotan, I really identified with the setting The bookof this novel and then as always Krueger made it a page turner!
 Different from what I am used to reading from him. Bored at the beginning but then it got better
 Loved it!
 Good mystery of times when children were freer and rode bikes all over town. Child narrator who saw and heard much.
 xxxxx
 I really enjoyed the book.  It caught my attention right from the first page, so I couldn't wait to steal a few minutes to read it throughout my day.
 Great Book!
 Beautifully written~real people, real issues and real Minnesota!
 Writing is choppy syntactically and the pacing goes in fits and starts.  In other words, it's not a difficult read, but it's a dull and somewhat confusing read.  It also doesn't have enough development to help connect the reader to the plot or the characters.  I didn't enjoy it, but it is better than most of what was published in 2014 (if you're struggling to find something new to read).
 The writing was wonderful!  The story kept me going from beginning to end!  I have recommended this book to several people!
 Characters come alive. Nice easy interesting read.
 characters are well developed.  Plot  advanced rapidly. It kept me guessing to the very end. I couldn't put it down.
 Well worth reading
 BEST BOOK I'VE READ IN A LONG TIME. CAN'T WAIT UNTIL HIS NEW ONE COMES OUT.
 A great read.It was hard to put down.
 cliche
 Wonderful, surprises all through the book.
 Couldn’t put this book down!  The story of life and several deaths seen through the eyes of 13 yr old Frankie in a small midwestern town in the summer of 1961.  Son of a Methodist minister and big brother to Jake, the boys grapple with tough issues, right and wrong, and God’s sovereignty as they look for the truth.
 Beautifully written from a young teenager's perspective.  Great job of describing the times--which I remember well.  I have called it a contemporary Huckleberry Finn
 I've read most of Krueger's books and love them.  This one didn't change my mind.  I'll keep reading his work.  I'm looking forward to more from him.
 Couldn't put it down.  Great and inspiring read.
 I could almost hear the author telling me the story - very comfortable reading style!
 Like in the famous coming of age novel, the reader gets to know two siblings losing their innocence and getting to know their parents as separate adults. Their father has an enduring faith, while their mother is a temperamental atheist. In that summer where death visits the family in so many ways, the boys learn about life, honesty and trusting the right people.<br/>I admire the narrator for not using the black and white approach of choosing between faith and atheism, the parents each fail and succeed at times. Neither are the boys portrayed as one wise child and one impulsive fool. This is especially well illustrated in the final two chapters.<br/>The book touched me because it is ultimately about how children perceive parents and their values and there are few authors who do not use such a narrative to promote their own beliefs.
 I LOVED this book!
 His writting is smooth and easy to follow. You can slide right into the book with them and back out to reality with very little effort.
 Thought provoking
 It was a good story with great character development. I enjoyed it.
 Well written story!  Believable characters!
 I liked the book very much.  Enjoyed the authors writing.
 My book club read this book and everyone agreed that it was one of the best books that we have ever read and discussed.
 An exceptional book. Great character development and loved it from start to finish. The book's setting and characters felt like home.
 it was so moving in it,s content!  so unlike kruegers other books, shows off how versatile h e truly is!
 Very pleasant to read. Touching. Brought back the sense of times long in the past but ever present.  Gracefully written.
 Good read. Well written and very interesting.
 just my type of story that tugs on the heart strings and opens the tear ducts.and a surprise ending. READABLE.
 Absolutely loved this book a true testament to the lessons in life and the grace of God
 Ordinary Grace is one of the best novels I have read in a long time! Not your typical crime or mystery novel. I wish I could find more like it.
 Beautifully written.
 Beautifully written!
 As  a  Minnesotan born and bred Kreuger is high on my list of authors to read....he does represent our state well.
 One of the best books that I have read this year!
 Good page turner!
 This book was chosen for our book club to read.  We had an engaging discussion of the definition of "ordinary grace".
 Nostalgic look at Middle America during a time I remember.  I liked the sweet relationships between main character and older folks.
 I've read and enjoyed all the Cork O'Connor books and this one was just as good.  It was fun to have a new set of characters.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time. Highly recommend.
 Good
 I spent a rainy Saturday with this novel, and read it cover to cover,without a break. I couldn't put it down, yet wished it would go on and on.
 Loved this book.  Excellent development of all characters, engaging story told in a page turning way.
 Easy reading. Loved the characters.
 The book was fine thank. My good catholic upbringing prevents me from saying what I think of you lot, however.
 I loved the story. At times I was brought to tears. So well written that I caught up in the emotion.
 Good story. Well written. Kept me intrigued.
 This is a great author.  This book is not part of his series, but it was great.  Hope you enjoy it.
 It was a real page turner! I couldn't put it down. Kruger's books are always well written and intense. Once you get to a certain point you cannot put it down.
 Awesome
 A good read!
 This is my kind of book...the kind you can't wait to get back to!
 No review
 4 STARS
 Heartbreaking and hopeful at the same time. A lovely read!
 It was a good mystery.  Did not know who did it until the end.  Good family story about faith also and I liked the Minnesota references.
 Predictable
 Just loved it.  The fastest novel I have read in a while.  So sad when it is over.  Husband enjoying it now!!!
 Moving read.
 I understand the references that this book evokes the atmosphere of "To Kill a Mockingbird." The book is well written, thoughtful and well worth reading.<br/>But....<br/>Why do we have these glaring speed bumps in the language? For example: "It felt like an episode from The Twilight Zone" in which everyone except Jake and me had vanished from the world."  "..me had vanished..." Really?<br/>"Jake and me are going to Danny O'Keefe's house."  Why does a talented, accomplished author use bad grammar? I do not understand.
 I really enjoyed this book. It was an excellent book club pick!
 Wonderful book!
 Very good read.
 I loved this book.  Sad but sweet.
 Wonderfully written!
 Enjoyed the entangled mystery of events.
 I really enjoyed this book and highly recommend it
 I liked this story a lot.  The characters were interesting and warm. I began to feel as though I know them.  The reading was easy and flowing.  The story had a small flavor of To Kill a Mockingbird. A real good plot that I wanted to finish from the opening of the novel.  I would recommend this book.
 Book in excellent condition.  Reading this book was a very profound experience.  Would recommend this book for book clubs to discuss.
 One of the best I've read in a long time!
 Great book,especially the last part.
 A bit wordy in places.
 Extremely readable - a real page turner! A bit over-the-top emotionally at times.
 The characters are so real and vivid and the message inspiring.  I've been telling all my reading friends to be sure to read this one.
 Captures on the first page.  Got books in timely fashion.
 Great read
 Great read
 A beatifully written book that made you reflect on the important things in life.
 Our book club used this and all seemed to have like it.
 Pastoral, contemplative, and ultimately reminiscent of small town America.
 haven't finished book
 I think evryone should take the time to read thsi book! It's just back to basics and what I wish the world was more like today...
 The best read of the year for me.
 Great read!
 Engaging
 Thoughtfull, engaging and hopeful.
 Contains all the elements of a well written novel.
 I enjoyed the characters in this novel. The narrator a 13-year-old boy provides a vivid picture of a small homogeneous Minnesota town where prejudice is alive and well. Set in the early 1960s the roles of women are well circumscribed and this  combination coming of age  /mystery stimulates your imagination of a more innocent but slightly sinister time.
 Great book
 full of hope and supportive characters
 Sad and painful story but,beautifully told. I loved how the characters were the good, the bad and the ugly, all rolled up in one!
 Suspenseful with plot twists! Very entertaining.
 As always, I find Krueger's characters to be people I don't want to leave when the book ends. They're so real. Also, he weaves a story that almost compels me to stay with it. I recommend his writing to anyone who appreciates finely crafted writing by a sensitive, compassionate author. He's terrific!!
 An excellent story!
 Loved this book - beautifully written and a real page-turner!
 Great read...
 Great read, great club discussion.
 Ordinary Grace is an enjoyable read and a page turner filled with grace notes of insightful living.
 Good read, it kept my interest.
 Fine
 Wonderful
 Beautifully written
 I enjoyed parts of this book very much. But there were times that it felt transparent and predictable. At times I was engrossed in the story, and at other times I felt like I was muddling through it. It was a good read, but for me, not a great read. I was happy to make it to the end.
 I am sure many Krueger fans will find this book a page turner, but not me. To me the story was predictable. I had solved the "who done it" about half way through. Also, repetitive...I get Jack..why the constant ' I'm coming too'. I am sure many will love this book but may be my last Krueger for awhile.
 Interesting and easy to read.  I enjoyed the the author's perspective on the time period.
 A very touching story. Keeps you interested and makes you take another look at things around you.
 A nice read
 Loved it
 This was a great read. Good story. Very touching.
 I highly recommend this book.
 Wonderful book--suspenseful, heartbreaking, heartwarming.
 Well written could not put it down
 good story....
 I am a fan of Willliam Kent Krueger partly because he is a Minnesota author. The book was an excellent read.
 Very enjoyable book
 Beautifully written!
 It was an easy read, good book for the Christmas season.
 Couldn't put it down!
 A lovely, human story.
 Great book and would encourage anyone to read it.....
 a wonderful story--talented writer
 Read it for our book club did not find it of any interest. Was a waste of time reading it! To much preaching!!
 First book I have read by this author.  I am sorry that it took me so long.
 Excellent read
 Beautifully written!  I loved the characters so much I didn't want it to end.
 It was a great read.  Wonderful characters and interesting story line.
 So different from other books of his.  A beautiful story.  A family story of love, sadness, faith and growing up.
 Awesome
 I feel this is the best Of Krueger's books
 A wonderful story that took me back in time.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time. The depth of the characters is extraordinary.
 Loved it
 Good read
 5 star
 I am always looking for new authors so I tried this book.  The plot was ok but the book was written at a middle school level. The entire time that I was reading the book, I wondered if I had bought a book for teenagers. I will not buy another book by this author.
 Well written. Nice read
 Beautifully touching
 I believe Krueger is a brilliant story teller, and his understanding of grace has enriched and further grounded my own.
 Great Book with wonderful characters.
 very compelling writing
 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
 Great story .  Well written.
 One of the best books I've read this year!
 Excellent.
 held my interest, good read
 I had never read this author but after reading a NYT review of this book took a chance and bought it through Amazon. Turned out to be a very fortunate experience. I am a big fan of mysteries and suspense fiction and as I first started this book I formed an immediate concern that it might be a religion based drama that perhaps would support a Christian viewpoint/message. Since I don't tend to read things like that I thought I might end up putting the book down early in my read. But I stayed the course, mostly due to the writer's ability as a wordsmith and soon after the first couple of pages I became swept up in the story. It's one of youth and coming of age and good versus evil. Delivered within the framework of murder and death. I could not put the book down and can not commend this author's abilities enough.
 It is beautifully written!!! I loved it!!!
 Excellent read!
 I read Ordinary Grace a year ago and am still recommending it and thinking about it. Only a few times a year does a truly great book come along. This is the one for 2015.
 Great read!
 Excellent shape.
 This was great.
 Very well written
 Great read
 This was similar to the movie/story "Stand By Me" with a few twists that gave it added interest.  A real look at values in a coming of age story of a young man and his family in Minnesota.
 Heart Warming!
 Easy read
 Fabulous story. Interesting perspective.
 Wonderful! one og the most beautiful books I've ever read.
 Great<br/>Read
 Fantastic book.
 Wonderful story!  Well written!
 None
 Absolutely wonderful story!  I read this book in record time for me.  Many phrases touched me to the heart.  However, I wonder if Mr. Krueger or his editor does not like commas.  Throughout the book, I found myself going back to the beginning of a sentence to reread simply because of a missing comma or two. :-)
 All his books are awesome.
 Incredible book!!!
 Not horrible but not nearly AS good as all the reviews led me to believe. Felt a bit mechanical. Hard to put my finger on exactly what, but it fell short in some way.
 loved it completely!
 A great book
 Fantastic book.  I really enjoyed it.
 moving on many levels
 Great story...reminds me a lot of To Kill a Mockingbird.
 Great read.
 This was a book club book and the first one I can't rave about. I feel the author's biases were transparent and some characters unbelievable while others lacked depth.  It was enjoyable, but that's the most I can say for it.
 Beautifully written.
 Very enjoyable and quick read.
 I've long been a fan of Mr. Krueger's Cork O'Connor mysteries and I suspect that one of the greatest problems any author with a long string of successful novels built around one character faces is resistance from fans if you try something new--it must be tremendously risky--especially for a best-selling author.<br/><br/>For me, what has distinguished the Cork O'Connor series from those of other successful mystery writers is that Mr. Krueger does not just write mysteries, although many readers will take his series as such. What distinguishes his series from those of others is that the series story line is accompanied by the personal development of several of the main characters,especially Cork. These books are not just mystery following mystery, but about characters growing and evolving as human beings. I like the fact that Mr. Krueger has always displayed respect and sensitivity to the Native American people and their culture in his books and his character Cork has embraced much of his Native heritage. Cork O'Connor is a man who is continually evolving as a human being as the series has progressed--the stories are about his personal journey as much as they are mystery stories. While Cork lives a life built around violence, the moments of self-questioning and introspection about the "rightness" of his actions are as much a part of the story line as the solving of the current "mystery". We are seldom privileged to see such introspection in a male character and it has elevated this series above many others.<br/><br/>We were all warned that "Ordinary Grace" would be different--I was actually a bit hesitant to read it.  But this book will stay with me long after the mystery plot-lines have disappeared from recollection.  This is a beautiful story about ordinary people--I can not say any better what others have already stated. It takes the type of personal character development seen in the Cork O Connor Series and elevates it to a whole new level. This new novel will not be for everyone, but it may gain him new fans from those looking for "literature" as opposed to just a good tale. It is a worthy first effort in a new direction and I will be looking for more.  Bravo!
 Excellent
 This novel was extremely well written.  Growing up in that generation I could relate to the characters and it provided a very moving experience for me.  The characters were flawless and the message was wonderfully cast.  I loved the imagery subtly applied throughout the story. I will be looking for Mr. Krueger's future work.
 Great book
 wonderful book!
 Another champion writer . . . I wait, with baited breath, (I know, if I brushed my teach my breath wouldn't smell like bait) for each new book!!<br/><br/>I'll read anything this man writes.
 Outstnding
 A step away from the Cork O'Connor genre for Krueger and held up pretty well on its own but would rather stick to the tried and true formula building on Cork, his family and the culture of northern Minnesota.
 Great
 The story was a bit confusing at the start because of so many characters and an interlaced story line.  But, after plugging through the first chapter or so, I became familiar with the characters.  I listened to some of the book in the beginning which may have contributed to my confusion.  On the whole, I really enjoyed the story line.
 Loved it
 Great read!
 I was thoroughly intrigued with the story until I reached page 256.  Unfortunately, the next 30 pages were missing, and I'm past the deadline for returning the book for a replacement.
 POWERFUL
 Great book!
 William Krueger has crafted a beautiful novel with well-developed, consistent characters.  He includes characters with issues like special needs, alcoholism, domestic abuse, marriage problems, adultery, and homosexuality.  The plot is engaging and keeps the reader in suspense for the length of the book.  The author helps the reader to look at issues of life and death in a wholesome way.  I recommend this book to all my friends.
 I have SO enjoyed Krueger's previous books but this was just not quite<br/>as good to me.  Maybe he's spoiled us with his excellent writing!
 A compelling story with many twists and turns of plots and surprises. The characters were well-drawn. The writing tended to be wordy and repetitious. The locale and sense of place were vivid.
 A Minnesota ministers family and their interactions in the community, the young boys fervent closeness which brings mischief, loyalty and deep pain at the death if their pregnant teenage sister.
 WAS AN EASY READ BUT PREDICTABLE.  GOOD CHARACTERS.  WOULD READ MORE OF HIS WRITINGS - WHEN I NEED A SIMPLE READ.
 Good writing but more of a character study than a mystery.  I would only recommend this to my more cerebral book fans.
 Protagonist has a great voice.  I just hated the ending - unless I was supposed to have guessed the outcome of everything half way through the book.
 I like first person narratives.  I liked the story line.  For me, this book seemed rather long.  It dragged more than the story needed.
 This book deserves every form of praise it's been given. A masterpiece that's sure to be listed among the classics of all time.
 I loved the book, especially to learn at the end that it is based on a real family.
 This is the story of a murder of a young girl.  It is told through the eyes of her 13-year-old brother.  A good mystery with well-drawn characters - very well done.
 Well written, but slow.  It won the Edgar award for best crime novel, but is a "coming of age" novel rather than an actual conventional crime novel.
 This book is a decent enough read.  The mystery is not complicated, and the atmosphere is appealing if, as another reviewer mentioned, you like things along the lines of Stephen King's "Stand By Me."  One thing really bothered me, though.  You know how they say that, in a play, if you show a gun in the first act, it should be fired by the end of the play?  Without spoiling anything, I'll say there is a fairly big "gun" Krueger shows you that never goes off.  I felt it was quite a cop-out to intrigue the reader and then say, at the end, "I never did find out...."
 Loved the writing in this book. I think I underlined more passages than is my usual when reading.
 I felt that o\Ordinary Grace was just o.k. of a read. I guess I miss a really good 4  1/2 starred book.
 This book reminded me a bit of Stand By Me.  Well-written story about the summer and its events when the main character was 13 in a small Minnesota town.  Nice relationship with the protagonist and his brother.
 This is the first Krueger book I have read and I must say not the last. The characters and story line weave together in a John Grissom way. The very real events in a persons life , told in a way that resonates with your heart are books I love to read. I look forward to reading more of the Krueger collection.
 I thought this book got a little tedious.  I had to make myself finish it.  But, the ending was very satisfying.
 Ordinary!  Writing ordinary!  Message ordinary!
 It was so good! Very Stand by me! I really enjoyed reading this and would recommend it!
 A fast but enjoyable read. Krueger's description of place continues to return me to places of my past. This novel had a number of undeveloped characters yet they wove together in the end.
 Nice read.  Not exciting and easy to anticipate but enjoyable.
 Slow read, did not hold my attention at all.
 It was a great story and enjoyed reading it on my new kindle
 1961, loved living during this time.
 Beautifully written, compelling work.
 Intriguing, but not believable. Can a 13 yr year old have the perception to solve the murder mystery. I bought it on line. Save your money and get at the library.
 Really loved this book. It's the first Krueger book I've read and was not disappointed! It is the first time, in a very long time that a book was powerful enough to make me gasp.
 Interesting and well written.
 Predictable, didn't learn much from this novel, fairly good first person narrative, mildly held my interest.  Nothing new and exciting here.
 Enjoyed it.
 one of the best books I've read this year!  Read this book!!!
 Not very good . Slow<br/> And confusing not written very well
 I read this for book club.  Except for one thing I had it figured out before it ended. well written
 I thought there could have been more and that the end was rushed.  Somehow the story was a bit predictable in the middle of the book.  Still a good read
 OK read
 I have just started reading this book and don't feel that I can really rate it.
 Have not finished yet
 Enjoyed this wonderfully constructed mystery. The characters were artfully drawn and although it is a story about death, it was full of life.
 This was a very interesting book.  A quick read, with a lot of twists and turns.  I really enjoyed it.
 Writing was more like a YA book, reminded my book club of The Hardy Boy.
 I don't remember it so I guess it isn't memorable
 Was a good story
 Little formulaic<br/>Was expected plot<br/>Not exciting<br/>Too long for the ultimate finding. All is well in the end not so
 A simple but complex story covering a short period of time when one family is faced with multiple tragedies. Mr Krueger tells a story as if he speaks directly to each of his readers. Love holds the story together.
 A great read.
 One of the best written books ever!
 Loved this book.
 Deservedly a Best Seller
 Characters are extremes of their development. Situations unbelievably contrived.
 kinda OK
 Too churchy, but a good predictable story.
 I finished Wm. Kent Krueger's "Ordinary Grace" last night.  He said last year that it is his best work.  I think it is the book that likely most reflects his heart.  It is not my favorite of the books he's written, however, it is well-written and well-researched.  I consider it a pleasant, quiet mystery about ordinary people.  It was definitely not a page-turner.  At the same time I cannot say anything negative about it.  I think it is good for Krueger fans to see another side of this nice man and talented, hard-working writer. A new Cork O'Connor mystery will be available soon for all of us.
 I think that I have read almost all of Krueger's book and enjoyed then all.  I was disappointed in this book.  Not like his usual ones.
 It was interesting
 I truly loved this book!  Each character was defined so well, I felt I knew them all.  Really enjoyed it!<br/><br/>I
 Good read with good characterizations. Well written and easy to follow. Just seems not all probable. Hard to find it all plausible.
 I listened to it. I enjoyed it.
 Enjoyed the relationship between the two brothers who are the main characters in the story.  Pretty much guessed the ending . Did not like the epilogue: left me depressed
 Easy read.
 It should have been named "A Summer in the Life of Thirteen Year Old with a Healthy Imagination".  The story went on too long, from the memory of the 13 year old as a middle-aged man.<br/>There was both Violence, (I guess) and Sexual content, (I guess) but all behind the scenes and understood as a still innocent 13 year old and his younger brother who seemed to see things a lot more clearly than he did, at the time.<br/>No, I wouldn't recommend this book - it just went on and on.  True though, I didn't guess the murderer before the end established it.
 This is an ordinary story, not unlike many others.  The family learns to cope with great sadness and Dad ,the minister believes in the good of everyone. Okay at best.
 Excellent book.
 Swears.
 I really enjoyed this book, and I'm ready to read it again, after my friends return it
 The ending was very contrived
 Charming and nostalgic; relationship of brothers very strong.
 Was a good easy read!
 This was an OK mystery, but easy to figure out early on who the culprit(s) are. Seemed less like a mystery than a drama.
 Great book!  Great discussion for a book club!
 wonderful story - really likethe way the author strings his words together - beautifully written -
 Delightful, easy reading. Enjoyed it very much
 Nice story but slow paced
 I have 2 more chapters left. I am listening to it now and have it as an e-book. It's predictable and quite preachy. The stuttering Jake is an annoying side to the novel. Many of the characters are described head to toe -- almost a fashion statement. The food served at meals details everything eaten at the time. I found the novel contrived. If you think you will get a good murder mystery read, that is not the case with this novel. I've ordered other Krueger novels based on how many stars they rated. I will keep an open mind when I read the next Krueger novel.
 Great writing!
 The author certainly was knowledgeable about small town living. It rang very true.
 This book seems to be written for a 6th grader, but if you're a fully fledged adult with any discernment for literary crime fiction, this book will disappoint. Slow, clunky, cliched. This book seems to be proof that being a New York Times bestseller as well as an Edgar Award winner does not guarantee excellence to any degree.
 Characters were well developed but felt the story dragged on...and on.
 great book
 Ordinary Grace is just ordinary.
 Feels like an Oprah book
 a little bit slow.
 it dragged on
 It moved s bit slow in the beginning
 Thought it was too simplistic
 I found the author’s writing to be more elementary, lacking in a mature vocabulary and sentence structure.<br/>A book review of the variety of character personalities could be discussed,  However, the storyline seemed to struggle with connecting all the characters together.  It seemed to me as a reader, to be far fetched, and, in fact, I figured out the ending, well before the ending.<br/>I, personally, would not recommend this book, as I was not a fan of the author’s style of writing or the storyline, which was boring.
 Very disappointed in this book.  A poor imitation of To Kill a Mockingbird mixed with some predictable who-done-it mystery novel.
 i didn't like this book, i'm more into murder mysteries, this was to much focused on the past and how this young boy grew older and became a good person. much too slow reading, i really like the cork oconnor series and think when the author does a stand alone,  which he has done one before i never think they are very good. guess i maybe expecting in the back of my mind a cork oconnor book.
 Very good.  Not a bad description of parsonage life in the early sixties, but maybe over did the depth of a thirteen's understanding and interest in others.  I still give kit three stars
 Anything with Virgil Flowers is worth reading.I've read many books by William Kent Krueger and have never been disappointed.The fact that he writes stores taking place in Minnesota,makes them even better.Buy the book !!!!!!!!!!
 Book drugn on and I found myself skipping parts of it.  Predictable outcome.
 Ordinary Grace attempts to be both a coming-of-age story and a mystery.  Unfortunately, both elements are poorly executed.  The mystery is telegraphed early on and so, although the characters remain in the dark as to the identity of the villain, the reader becomes rather bored with the whodunit aspect of the novel (and I rarely solve a mystery before the big reveal).  The coming-of-age aspect of the novel is also a disappointment; while many extraordinary events occur during the summer described in the book, the personal growth of the 12-year-old protagonist is not illustrated.  It is not enough to simply change his name from "Frankie" to "Frank" in order to indicate how events have aged him.  One aspect of the novel I found particularly irritating was Frankie's incessant eavesdropping in order to move the story along.  As a 12-year-old, Frankie is not a participant in most of the critical events, and so discovers information over and over by listening through pipes, ducts, open windows, etc.  Krueger uses this device as a crutch in order to keep Frankie up to speed.  Krueger does, however, write well in terms of word choice and pacing, so the book is a quick read.
 A little boring at halfway point. I'm abandoning the read at this point. Almost no description of Native American culture which I have become accustomed to in Kent's novels.
 Not worth buying
 Shipped quickly and is exactly what I expected!  Shower curtain is beautiful!
 Not his usual page turner.  It got more exciting toward the end<br/>and held my interest only then.  He's still one of my favorite authors.
 No big deal!  Would not choose this author again for personal taste reasons  Will take off my "must read" list
 What I liked least is that I'm receiving a book when I thought I was receiving this on my Kindle.  Guess I have to watch my orders more carefully.  Haven' read it yet.
 This was just okay. Many friends liked it but I thought it got a bit long. I still will read more of his books but hope they will be a little bit more exciting.
 The book itself had a great story line, and it kept me engaged. However, the grammar was absolutely horrible, and it made the read incredibly hard at times. The author's lack of commas was so frustrating that when I first started the book, I almost had to stop reading it. But, once I start a book, I have to finish it. I would not recommended this book solely because of the comma errors. If the book was thoroughly edited, I would have enjoyed it more. This is the first review I have ever written because I had to say something about the comma usage in this book. If ungrammatical writing bothers you, do not read this book.
 Boring, slow, never seemed to take off.
 I was disappointed in the book.  It took me awhile to get it read because it did not keep my interest.  It moved too slow for me.
 VERY ORDINARY.<br/>I HAD TROUBLE FINDING THE GRACE
 Love the plotline. The flow is just way too fast, though. If every word was the same, just with added punctuation, I would've loved this book. As is, I couldn't manage to motivate myself to read to the end
 I DON'T REMEMBER ANYTHING MUCH ABOUT THIS ANYMORE
 I didn't read this book beyond the first two chapters. I am not a fan of children acting in such bad ways. I don't need that kind of read.<br/>JoAnn
 Book is crunched and curled in half, so difficult to read in that shape. I tried to flatten it, but I cant.
 Not exactly what I was expecting.  One of the few books I couldn't finish.
 I'm really surprised about all the love for this book. I'm a big fan of the O'Connor mysteries, and I think Krueger is a good writer. I'm also not surprised that Krueger thinks this is his best book -- it's clear he was writing something cathartic about his childhood.<br/><br/>But it's really a poorly written book. The characters are pretty paper thin; the "mystery" is obvious very quickly; there's no real depth.<br/><br/>But the main thing that really got to me as I read it was how Krueger moved the plot forward via a very contrived mechanism that quickly proved tiring -- the two kids eavesdropping. Much of the "action" came as the kids listened in on adult conversations in every imaginable way possible -- in front of a door, through air vents, standing by a window, getting forgotten about, getting invited to places they never would (so they can stand there and listen), etc. I counted no fewer than 20 times when this was the method Krueger used to advance the plot.<br/><br/>Krueger chose to write this book in the first person, through the eyes of the older kid. If he were a truly great writer, he wouldn't need all of these adult conversations included in the book to move the plot forward. He just didn't know how to do the book without this device. It was only really an important part of the plot a single time -- the other 20+ times it was just laziness.<br/><br/>I'm sorry, Kent, but this book was poorly written. It's your worst book, and several of the O'Connor mysteries aren't that great.
 Horrible horrible book. None of the reviews mentioned cruelty to animals, or I never would have purchased it.
 Wasn't a remarkable book.
 "Ordinary Grace" is a standalone novel, a project the author has long desired to write. The book is significantly different from his multiple-award-winning Cork O'Connor series. Yet there are links to the thoughtful, carefully structured, series of crime novels. In one sense, for those so inclined, a case can be made that here, Krueger addresses the ultimate mystery. "Ordinary Grace" benefits from everything the author has learned over the years writing the O'Connor novels. It is directly and powerfully written, wasting no words, yet always moving the story ahead at an appropriate pace, depending on the actions of the characters and the plot. "Ordinary Grace" is a novel that will affect readers in unusual, interesting and, quite possibly, surprising ways.<br/><br/>Set in a small community in southern Minnesota in 1961, this is how the story begins: "All the dying that summer began with the death of a child, a boy with golden hair and thick glasses, killed on the railroad tracks outside New Bremen, Minnesota." The narrator is an adult white male, son of the Methodist minister in town. Frank is recalling the momentous events of that bygone summer when he was but thirteen years old, a teen-ager on the cusp of young maturity. The death of that child sets in motion events and revelations of suppressed attitudes that alter the lives and futures of many people in the town. Some of the people affected are important and wealthy, others, as plain and ordinary as one could imagine. Yet everyone in the novel is required to come to terms to greater or lesser degree, with who they are and how they must relate to family, friends, members of their faith, and how they function in the wider yet limited community. What Frank learns that summer, and equally importantly, how he sees and interprets the evil and the grace of that time, will affect him for his entire life. It's an important lesson.<br/><br/>Krueger's writing, as always, is smooth and strong and the logic of the plot is easy to follow. While the story has many layers, there are no convoluted or tricky passages readers will have to struggle to interpret. That's part of the book's charm and its strength.<br/><br/>The novel explores faith, mysticism, and rationality in thoughtful, even-handed and open ways that lend itself to recollection and continuing reflection, regardless of readers' experiences in those areas of life. The characters, and there are many, are carefully and consistently well-drawn. This is a novel of discovery and exploration, for the author and for readers. A well-done reading experience for anyone.<br/><br/>To achieve complete transparency, readers should know that Mr. Krueger and I are long-time friends and often travel together with author Ellen Hart as the Minnesota Crime Wave. A copy of the novel was presented to me.
 This book started off with such promise. I really liked the first third. About halfway in, it became obvious that this was another case of stereotypic fall guy blamed for murder of stereotypic character, until stereotypic boy-coming-of-age sets things right again. Not much of a mystery story for a book that won an Edgar. Too bad.
 An okay novel, minus the ever interesting Cork, takes one through a different setting.  No characters that really stand out.  Maybe I'm somewhat spoiled but bring back Cork.
 A bit juvenile - although narrated by a young boy I assume it wasn't written by one.  Very disappointing. The characters were all built on cliches, and the book had a sagging storyline with death and finding a silver lining as its central theme.  Saccharine.
 I like William Kent Krueger's mysteries. I found this book hard-going; it was a slog. I'm a little bewildered by the high praise. I was disappointed and couldn't wait for it to end. If you want a good story, well told, try Elizabeth Graver's "End of Point" or her 1999" The Honey Thief". This book didn't bring anything new to my life.
 The story flows and has a straightforward and at times well worn plot, such that I found the author's style at times somewhat telegraphic in that I could predict where the author was going with characterizations and revealing who done it ahead of time. I was more irritated by the "adult" contemplation of the narrator adolescent risk taker first person, which I just couldn't "buy into" as boy enjoying choral music, yet disobeying and taking risks, begrudging his stuttering brother trailing around behind him and attending several church services; listening in on his father's office conversations etc etc.
 Absolutely loved it!!!!
 If you're expecting a normal Krueger story save your money and buy this book at a yard sale some day. I had to force myself to keep reading and, it never really ties the whole story together. Was I glad I stuck it out and finished it? Not really. Extremely disappointed.
 i have read his cork o'connor series so it was natural i would also read this one...it was very slow moving for me and i didn't even finish reading it.
 I have a standing order for Kent Krueger novels. I was expecting another Cork O'Conner Mystery. Usually I finish his books in 1-2 reads-this one took a good week. To some extent it reminded me of Stephen King's "Stand By Me"-a story of young boys coming of age.I guess if I had the opportunity of reading a review before I ordered it, I probably would not have done so. I have really enjoyed the Cork O'Conner series. The story is well written and I enjoyed it, but again I probably would not have bought it had I known the story line.
 I was captivated by this story for the first one-third of the book.  Both the writing and the disclosures of family life were insightful and interesting--especially the material involving the relationship among the three siblings.  Once the murder mystery enters the story, however, the story seemed to lose, rather than gain, momentum.  Not only was it easy to figure out who the murderer was, but the story just seemed to drag rather than escalate in intensity while the murderer remained at large.  And while I enjoyed the sermonettes that were sprinkled throughout the book, I am not sure that every reader would feel the same way.
 Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger is likely to become a classic. It has all the elements that make a novel a cut above the rest. First, it has the murder  mystery with many twists and turns, and a few red herrings thrown into the mix. It has wonderful character development which allows you to truly know the people and come to love or loathe them. It has the perfect  setting, a small  Minnesota river town in the 1960's. Krueger gets this so right. The descriptions of time and place evoke a nostalgia for a simpler time...........the barber shop, the drugstore counter  with frosted root beer glasses, the TV programs , comic books etc.............all of these elements bring back a time of simplicity and innocence. It has a narrator, Frankie, who is so darn likeable. He looks back, as an adult, to his early teen days during a life changing summer. All of these elements are superb in the hands of Krueger but the heart of the story, how one copes with tragedy and loss,  is what makes Ordinary Grace extraordinary. There are such powerful lessons to learn here, such  testing of one's moral fabric and one's faith ............and we , the readers are privy to all of it. This gem of a novel will stay with you for a long time. I actually felt sad to finish it  and leave the town, the people and the time period. There is a feel of To Kill a Mockingbird in this brilliant novel. That is the best compliment I can think of giving!!!!
 Print Very Very small!
 Predictable
 Quite predictable...nothing happened that surprised me....writing style needed tightening....unimpressive imagery.  I gained no new insight into "coming of age"  as an inquisitive preacher's kid.
 Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger<br/> ...]<br/><br/>My rating: 5 of 5 stars<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger is one of those books that crosses so many genre and age groups; it makes it hard to talk about it using only a few words. I can recommend this to women and men, to teens through seniors, to mystery lovers, to historical fiction lovers, etc. My book club selected this for our upcoming meeting and I am pretty sure we will have a ton to discuss.<br/><br/>The story is told from the perspective of 13 year-old Frank Drum. Frank is the middle child of Nathan and Ruth Drum, a minister and his artistic wife. A younger brother, Jake, stutters and is subject to ridicule for his handicap. Older sister Ariel, a very talented musician, originally plans on attending Juilliard in the coming school year, but becomes reluctant to leave. In addition, the family includes Gus, a war buddy who saved Nathan's life and needs help getting back on his feet.<br/><br/>It is the hot summer of 1961 in New Bremen, Minnesota, with the Twins baseball team playing their first season, and small town life is gentle, peaceful and innocent. But, for Frank and his family, this becomes the summer of lost innocence; a summer of death - suspicious, murder, suicide, and accidental deaths. In addition, there are secrets and misunderstandings, racism and bigotry, and a great deal of loss.<br/><br/>Through Frank's eyes we see marital struggles, misbehaving adults, injustice, and a tremendous amount of pain and loss. He and his younger brother Jake struggle to understand the world around them, and the impact of religion on many different lives. Both grow up during this painful summer of loss, and begin to see the world from the perspective of young men rather than boys.<br/><br/>Frank is an honorable, yet mischievous 13 year-old who has the normal boy's curiosity and the awakening interest in the opposite sex. He narrates the story, and the first person perspective works, as Frank is a tremendous eavesdropper and learns much from gossip. The story is heartwarming, yet tear-inducing, painful, yet funny, and the characters are common, ordinary townspeople, yet reflective of the best and worst of humankind.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace is an extraordinary story that pulled me faster and faster through to the end. There is plenty of action to keep the interest of the plot-craving reader, but a tremendous amount of heart to keep the character-driven interest, as well. I laughed, I cried, I remembered. I recommend Ordinary Grace very highly.
 It's not often that I am so engrossed in a novel.  It is marvelous.  Small town Minnesota.  John Hassler's books are similar to this, and I read them all.<br/><br/>The vision of small town life in its freedom, it's complexity of relations – because everyone knows everyone else – and the secrets that exist.  As Miss Marple said about St. Mary Meade, her village:  everything happens in a small village as it does it the wider world.<br/><br/>The Drum family endures and survives, and what the town knows or learns, tempers all of them.  It is a tragedy, but they accept and move on.  And their love at the end is sweet.<br/><br/>The scenes of a small-town childhood in the sixties seem realistic, and free.  Children wondered, going where they often wished.  And were generally safe.  The sense of nature and the river are both strong, and pull one along with the narrative.<br/><br/>I recommend it.
 A story of Frank Drum.  His father is a preacher in a small town of Minnesota.  Frank is thirteen  (13) years old, his sister, Ariel, is eighteen (18) years old, his brother, Jake, is eleven (11) years old.  Their Mother is unhappy with her husband's occupation, but is putting up with it.  Their Father is a minister of three churches in the little valley created by the Warren River some 10,000 years ago.<br/> This is a wonderful story, so wonderful that the publishers insisted on a sequel.  Ya know how it goes – first they say no, we will not publish it at all, so he sends it in anyway, his editor reads it, and can not help but want to publish it, then the readers buy it out, so it becomes one of his best selling books!! (I went to a book signing Mr. Krueger was at last night :))  His Father was an English teacher (high school?), so Mr. Krueger writes very well.  The genre of mysteries is not known for well written stories, so like Ray Bradbury in Science Fiction, he writes better than most in this genre.<br/> He is a mystery writer so for the first half of the story I was waiting to see who dies so there is a  mystery to solve.  Sadly it does happen to someone very special.  You are warned that there are several deaths (I think he says four (4) deaths in that summer), and he does tell you that it will be happening at the beginning of each chapter.<br/> It starts with the death of a little boy about the age of Frank.  He and his brother, acting like boys do at that age, meet an old Indian near another dead man.  Their story continues, and you learn that Ariel is very gifted musically.  She has written some music that will be played at a celebration (4th of July, I think) for the first time.  Their Mother is very proud of her, sort of in a surrogate way, because their Mom was just as gifted when she was young as well, but she got sidetracked, and did not pursue a career in music.<br/> I am sure that it does not matter, but there is a book mentioned in the story that was published the year after this story is set.  A bit odd, and maybe I am wrong, but I had just read the beginning of another story and found a similar problem that should not have been because the author is schooled in that subject – Archaeology.<br/> In the ending chapter, the Father and two brothers are putting flowers on graves on Memorial Day weekend, so you see how it all worked out and what became of them.
 I am a reader. I read everything and anything and I read a lot. Recently, I have been disappointed in much of what I have read. Either the endings are rushed or fall flat, the content is about horrific psychological or physical abuse, or the stories are melodramatic and unbelievable. Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger came as a welcomed surprise. Although It has been on my "To-Be-Read" pile for awhile, it came at the perfect time.<br/><br/>The novel, though not a particularly happy one, was extraordinary in its storytelling and in its writing. Told from the perspective of a 50 year old man recalling the summer of 1961 when he was a teenage boy and the events that happened that changed his life forever. The novel takes hold and stays with you.<br/><br/>I keep thinking about this tender story of a small charming town in Minnesota and the tragedies that occurred there during one summer. From the first page to the last I was captivated by this book that is part mystery, part coming-of-age, part family drama. Truthfully, I wanted to get to the end to have the truth revealed, but now I am sorry to be finished.<br/><br/>It is books like Ordinary Grace that I wait for.  It reminds me of the magic of reading and why I love it so much.
 Other reviewers have compared it to "To Kill a Mockingbird" and the film "Stand by Me", but the two books that immediately came to mind for me were "A Painted House" by John Grisham - the one that's not your typical John Grisham - and "Peace like a River" by Leif Enger, one of my favorite coming-of-age stories that is also set in Minnesota in the early 1960s. If you know and like any of these books, you're going to love Ordinary Grace. It's essentially the same story - boy comes across mystery, is curious, sticks his nose in it even though adults around him forbid it, sees his own family drawn into it, faces difficult choices, and is changed forever - but it is superbly told. The relationship between Frank, the main protagonist, his stuttering younger brother Jake, their almost-saintly father the minister, and their not-so-fit-for-mothering mother lies at the center of it all, and a series of unexplained deaths moves the plot along. You get a sense where the story is going fairly early-on, but that doesn't make it any less compelling. You will think about this family's fate long after you've turned the last page.<br/><br/>I'm definitely putting more William Kent Krueger books on my list.
 With such an extraordinary storyline, coupled with excellent character development and pockets of inspirational thought and wisdom, couldn’t put it down! This book has energy, vigor and gusto!<br/><br/>Young Frank and brother Jake have the most out of the ordinary summer of 1961...this is Frank’s reminisces on that time period forty years later.<br/><br/>In the small Minnesota town of New Bremen the community is emotionally on edge with the frequent, mysterious deaths of some of their citizens...who is responsible? And what is going on? Just when the reader thinks they have it figured out...not!<br/>The plot moves quickly, the writing is exceptional...and simply put, a great mystery read with moral fiber and realism through the eyes of a thirteen year-old many years later.
 I listened to this book some months ago, so the details are not as fresh as they might be otherwise.  I really loved this book, although I would not give it 5 stars.  I reserve that for books that are virtually "perfect" at least from my perspective,but this book did come close.  I listened to the Audible edition.  The narration was great and all the characters were strong and relate-able for me except the mother/wife with all of her smoking and cursing and generally negative view of church-life and all things spiritual.  Even though she had not married her husband as a minister...he became one after they married, her character didn't seem to fit well with her high level on antagonism towards her husband's profession.  On the other hand Krueger's handling of the the mother's past relationship with the one-time world-famous pianist, (I forget his name) that was now her daughter's teacher/mentor was very deftly written.  And then the minister was so, so, very good to everyone, a little too good at times and excessively understanding, but I felt myself warm to him anyway.  Frank, our protagonist, was a great character and the way he cared so much for his sister was very moving.  I really enjoyed the part where he and his reluctant brother were eavesdropping on a couples' marriage counseling session (by way of a pipe in basement, I think?) that their dad was having in his office.  This was so funny and something I definitely would have done as a kid. At any rate, this book, this story, is, yes, I'll say it: "heartwarming" with a good mystery thrown in.  I finished it and felt a kind of satisfaction of time well-spent.  Highly recommended!
 This is easily one of the best books I’ve read so far this year.<br/><br/>Frank is the narrator of the story. He’s looking back at his younger self and describing life in New Bremen, Minnesota, and various events that happen that affect both his town and his family. It is certainly a coming of age story told beautifully. I tend to read stories where protagonists are females, but I absolutely fell in love with Frank and his youthful naivety.<br/><br/>(Side note: while I highly recommend reading this book, I think both the Goodreads and Amazon synopses give away too much information).<br/><br/>I think some parts of the novel are predictable, but I didn’t let that get in the way of my enjoyment. The author’s imagery and character development was extraordinary. I don’t like to critique those things because I try to judge based on my overall experience as a reader, but I have to say, you really felt like you were sitting right next to Frank on the journey throughout his tale.<br/><br/>After finishing this book, I had serious book PTSD and had a difficult time finding my next read. It’s one of those novels that, if a friend borrowed and didn’t return, I would be so disappointed not to have it back in my possession.  I highly recommend!!!
 This novel is so well written and the story is so touching, I did not want it to end.<br/><br/>The year is 1961 and Frank Drum is a thirteen year old son of a Methodist minister in New Bremen, Minnesota. It should have been a summer of innocence, like the era. But there were four deaths in the small town that summer. And that changed everything for Frank.<br/><br/>The story is narrated by Frank now forty years older. He looks back and remembers the fateful summer that was full of lies and secrets. Frank's father has a secret - something that happened in the war that made him responsible for the deaths of many. Frank's artistic mother didn't marry to be a pastor's wife and has difficulty living the role. Frank's little brother, though wise beyond his years, stutters. And Frank's older sister is an accomplished pianist, organist, and composer.<br/><br/>Frank tries to make sense of the events as they happen over the summer. There is the death of a young boy on the railroad tracks. Later Frank and his brother stumble upon a homeless man, dead under the train trestle.<br/>And then his sister is missing. Frank knows she had been sneaking out at night but never told their dad. As the days go by, secrets come to the light and Frank has much to think about and understand.<br/><br/>This is much more than just a coming of age story. It is a look into the lives of those struggling to understand what is happening to them. It is a story about the awful grace of God and the ordinary grace of God.<br/><br/>The author has given readers much to think about in this novel. How would we face the tragic loss of a loved one at the hands of another? Could we exercise forgiveness? Would we seek revenge?<br/><br/>Experiencing the events of the summer through the eyes of Frank is amazing. I felt his innocence, puzzlement, anger, regret and a host of other emotions. Kruger has done such a good job of creating the scenes through the eyes of Frank I felt like I was right there. And the other characters are well developed too. I love Frank's little brother - so wise, so loving, so thought provoking.<br/><br/>This is a well written novel I'll be thinking about for some time.<br/><br/>I received a complimentary egalley of this book from the publisher for the purpose of this review.
 Frank Drum is a middle-aged man, reflecting back on a critical summer from his childhood. Thirteen year old Frank should have experienced a season of happiness and peace in 1961, rural Minnesota. However, when he and his friends discover a body, he experiences the town’s losses in new horrifying ways. Standing on the sidelines, while his world is turned upside down, Frank must rely on the sermons his father gives in church to remain connected with his faith.<br/><br/>This coming-of-age novel is an incredible read for adults everywhere. Historical fiction meets thrilling suspense to deliver a beautiful tale of a father and son and the faith needed to survive a horrific crime. William Kent Krueger broke away from his mystery series to deliver this stand-alone story to readers. The easy-to-read chapters will keep readers entranced and guessing until the very end. The dialect brings the story alive and readers will be able to see and feel the sights around this town. This novel had it all: gripping suspense, a peaceful and historical setting and a story that readers won’t be able to let go.<br/><br/>Notes:<br/>This review was written for Sasee Magazine and My Sister's Books.<br/>This review was posted on the Ariesgrl Book Reviews website.
 Took way too long to establish an interesting plot and the conclusion was predictable. I Was not challenged to engage in the plot.
 this book started out interesting.. I love mystery's  think Michael Connelly]..and starting out with the death of a boy on the railroad tracks- was it an accident or was he killed ?....Well...Mr Krueger strings you along, with country scenes of women hanging out the wash,on the line and 'waxing poetic' about small town life... I had to skip several pages  something I rarely do]...to come up with a continuance of what happened to this kid getting killed... This book really tried my patience and it took all I had to get to page 200-  where i am now] and it's getting somewhat better...Overall, it's a Very, very slow paced book, with too much stuff that isn't even related to 'the main story'... It was our book club selection, so I will finish it, but it's taking all I have to do so.... This book really needed editing in a big way.. if your going to write a mystery...then 'pick up the pace', stay WITH THE STORY, so the reader doesn't loose interest...
 I bought Ordinary Grace assuming it was a mystery; aren't all Edgar Award winners? But while the book did have its good qualities, be forewarned: it barely qualifies as a mystery and is more of a literary novel. Here are my overviews of the good and the bad.<br/><br/>THE GOOD: The writing is lovely. This story of a young boy and his family is drenched in atmospheric small town 1960s detail. The characters are realistic and likable, the dialogue is good, and the prose itself is wonderful.<br/><br/>THE BAD: The reader is led to believe that this is a mystery involving several very different people who die in different ways during a short period of time in one small town. But in reality, there is no connection between the deaths, most of which are never explained. Only one death involves any sort of "who-dunnit" mystery, and that one turned out to be very predictable. The other deaths are apparently only red herrings, as are most of the strange characters who pop in and out of the book without ever serving any true purpose. The plot line is filled with many promising trails that end up leading nowhere and are never fully explained. The book ends with more of a whimper than a bang, without even an anticipated "big moment of realization" from the main character.<br/><br/>To sum it up, I'm glad I read Ordinary Grace because it was a fast, enjoyable, and well-written novel, but if the plot had been more skillfully assembled, it could have been much more.
 As an avid reader from childhood, I've learned that some books grab you and let you go within a few chapters, some never catch hold of you and others live in your head until you finish them.  This is one of those books.  I started grabbing a few minutes here and there (I'm a fast reader) but once I got into the book I set aside chores and read finished it in one sitting.  I do admit I did guess the final outcome, the "who dunnit" but the writer is quite a wordsmith, creating a very complete picture of life in that time, in that place, in that town (or one like it).  I suspect one might need to be of this age to remember when everyone's dad had been "in the service" and when male and female roles were relatively well defined and when bigotry was somewhat expected.  But human nature doesn't change and the issues of family friendship, male/female relationships, dreams and hopes, demographics are all explored and given some consideration.<br/><br/>Some say the characters were flat but I disagree.  For one, most people are not that complicated and for another this delving into the psyche of every character makes for slow going.  This story was fast paced but unlike most, worth reading carefully for the amazingly well written descriptions of persons, places and events.  Really one of the best fiction books I've read in years.
 Ordinary Grace (2013) was on many prize-giving organizations’ 2013 “best of” lists and won the 2014 Edgar Award for Best Novel from Mystery Writers of America. Krueger, known for his Cork O’Connor series, wrote this stand-alone, because he wanted to explore Aeschylus’s seemingly paradoxical notion of God’s “awful grace”—awful in the overworked sense of “awesome,” and started thinking about the characters that would let him do that and the situations they would be in that required the wisdom from that awful grace. The ordinary grace of the title also figures in the story at a key moment.<br/>Because this is not in the tradition of his crime novels and is a coming-of-age story with a crime in it, the novel focuses on a thirteen-year-old boy and his stuttering kid brother. The interactions with the townspeople all seem true, and they are vivid, rounded characters, not necessarily fully admirable. But it’s small-town Minnesota (lots of literary crime in that state in recent years), and nothing about life seems dark or dangerous to these two preacher’s boys until the bodies start showing up, down by the railroad trestle. I felt the rumble of that plot coming a long way down the track, but if the book didn’t offer big surprises, it had a few smaller ones, and was delivered with evident heart. It was refreshing to see boys the reader knows will grow into good men, not deranged serial killers. I listened to the audio version, and the narration was excellent, especially the characters of Gus and the Sioux, Warren Redstone.<br/>Krueger says he’s a writer “in part because of the scary stories I used to hear around campfires when I was a boy scout.” Readers can thank those dancing flames.
 I ordered this book solely based on Amazon reviews, which I normally do. This book was HARD to get through. It puts me to sleep and is uninteresting. I'm unsure how or why it got such great reviews.
 The narrator of this book, Frank, is a 13-year-old boy in a small town in Minnesota. The year is 1961. Frank’s father is a minister, his sister a musical prodigy like her mother, and his younger brother a stutterer. Although there are several deaths, mostly violent ones, there is no serial killer, no ace detective or FBI agent pursuing anyone. This is a psychological drama masquerading as a mystery. It explores issues of faith, ambition, prejudice, and coming-of-age in a thoughtful way. It is well-written and I recommend it. If my praise seems lukewarm, it is only because the book is slow to start. There’s a great deal of character development and not much action until two-thirds of the way through the book. Even then, action is perhaps the wrong word. Exciting events and suspense might be more accurate. There is a homicide investigation going on, but for hard core mystery fans this is perhaps not the best choice. There was enough foreshadowing that the killer wasn’t difficult to identify a few chapters before the end. The imparted wisdom seemed at times too pat and too preachy, but the intelligence of the writing and the overall well-designed plot make this a worthwhile read.
 Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger is a captivating memorable rich read. This is now one of my favorite books. Ordinary Grace is sort of a crossover between Harper Lee's classic To Kill a Mockingbird and Stephen King's short story The Body. And even though it is reminiscent of these two other books it is a book that truly stands alone in that the author is so masterful at combining a literary mystery and coming of age story where the characters in the book must contend with life and death issues and learn how to grieve, forgive and heal. Told from the perspective of an adult recounting his summer of his thirteenth year, we the reader, are transported back to 1961 where we learn about how the people of a small Minnesota town must deal with a series of  unexplained deaths. I really enjoyed Krueger's use of imagery. His use of sensory descriptions of the people and the idyllic setting are masterfully done. Krueger crafts each sentence with such expertise. I am really impressed by just how much the character development is richly developed. I really enjoyed Krueger's use of plot twists too. This award winning book rightly deserves to be on every high school and college reading list. This is a book that should be read by all!
 The book started off a bit slow for me because it isn't a shoot-em-up body slamming adventure. In fact, it is an extremely well thought out murder mystery based on a theme many of use who are older can relate to, namely the tendency of humans to prejudge others on some very sketchy information and to base our accusations of even complex cases like murder on whether we like or dislike the race, profession, work ethics or social class for the person whom we suspect.<br/><br/>I loved the period of time for the setting in the 1960's. Of course, you would say, you were in late adolescence, early adult hood during that time and a whole lot of the description rings some concrete bells about that era. It is also a good depiction of small town society at that time and certainly would fit with a lot of 50-60's era towns in Montana and the undercurrents that guided or controlled people's lives. The junk yard haunts, the walks on the railway tracks, the bums, hoodlums and the slow pace of life that was a lot more thoughtful than our helter-skelter pace of today.<br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Ghosts-of-Ukuthula/dp/1532995342/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Ghosts of Ukuthula</a><br/><br/>Read it! Stick with it even if you aren't into the religious parts, because the book has a lot to say to people everywhere about the human condition.
 This book did not download on my kindle<br/>I could get it on my I pad but not kindle<br/>No stars because I can not read it on kindle
 ORDINARY GRACE is a gem of a story, and it is full of quiet power and spiritual strength.  Fifty-four year old Frank Drum takes us back to his fifteenth summer in New Bremen, Minnesota, a small town which his father sheperds as the local minister.  Frank's mother, a true beauty who thought she'd married a lawyer (until his unexplained wartime military service affected Frank's dad so profoundly that he became a minister as a result), Frank's affable younger brother Jake, and his musically accomplished older sister Ariel, complete his fireside family.  The summer of 1961 was terribly eventful for the town of New Bremen and the Drum family; multiple tragedies befell both.  Frank's 15-year old first person point of view takes us through these life-changing events that summer; as it becomes obvious fairly early on that Frank will be truly changed by his experiences...and thanks to the pathos and poignancy of this tale, so will be the reader<br/><br/>This story is filled with piercing descriptions of locales and events so sharp that we feel that we are present to view them.  It is wordsmithed so gracefully and economically that the simple beauty of the words is absolutely heartbreaking...both in the joys and the sorrows that Frank and his family experience.  We see the honest vacillations in the relationships between brothers, spouses, friends, neighbors, and minister and congregation, as the best and the worst of the human condition, human nature, and human potential is reached.  Frank's observations and his honest assessment of his own flaws make him a truly endearing character.  As he gains experience and bits of wisdom, he begins to see each of his relatives in a more perspective-filled, compassionate way.  These observations display Frank's coming-of-age and developing maturity in a way which rivals every other book in this genre which I have read.  I literally fell in love with the characters, their strengths and their flaws, because they were made so real by both.  When Jake explains to big brother Frank why he "follow(s him) around like a sick dog," I fell in love with this entire book (page 39).<br/><br/>ORDINARY GRACE, as described through the hardships of these characters, is something one may ask God for in order to deal with suffering, even if what is being asked for seems miraculous.  This book is lyrical, emotional, and so honest that every character seems completely real.  There is nothing ordinary about it; read the extraordinary ORDINARY GRACE.
 April 10th<br/>Finished Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger today, a recommendation from a friend who at dinner Saturday night said it reminded him of To Kill a Mockingbird.  It was a good observation. The nicely told tale is narrated by 13 year old Frank Drum who is recalling events from his youth, in 1961, a tragic year of several deaths. In a small town in Minnesota Frank grew up going to multiple church services each Sunday. His father, Nathan is the minister for the area, his mother the choral director, his sister the star organist and singer. During this transformational summer, he experiences the loss of a loved one, an understanding of justice, and valuable insights into the minds of both his father and brother. There were several well drawn characters built into the narrative that besides exploring the deaths, also touched on the effect of war on a returning soldier, the Dakota uprising of 1862, and the class system entrenched in a small town.<br/>  I'll have to thank my friend for the recommendation.
 Kreuger delights those readers who pine for literature in a very fast book market, but the author of some fourteen mysteries does not displease the mystery/crime base he has spent years entertaining in his latest, ORDINARY GRACE.<br/>The novel is a coming of age story—a tough trial for Frank Drum, our narrator, just thirteen—it is certainly a mystery, and it qualifies as a literary work in particular for its timely and pervasive examination of faith and of faith under fire.<br/><br/>Frank Drum’s transformation from child to young adult occurs over not more than two months of a summer marked by four deaths, several close to home in distance and relationship.  Shut out by the adults surrounding him, seen as too young to be told all, Frank accompanied by his younger brother, Jake, probes and peeks for clues and for truth, trying to make sense of sudden death, natural passing, suicide, and murder. He emerges a changed young man.<br/><br/>Questions abound. What really happened to young Bobby Cole? Did the Sioux “troublemaker,” Warren Redstone have something to do with the itinerant’s death or the drowning of a teenage girl? Why are local ne’er-do-wells focusing on Frank and his family? How can a youngster defend himself against them? What drives the secrecy of New Bremen’s first family? Far from just a who-done-it, questions of why and what happens to the people near these deaths run deep through Frank’s investigations. Frank’s tender heart goes on trial at times but survives the brutality that surrounds him.<br/><br/>Nathan Drum, Frank’s Methodist minister father, fords turbulent waters with the family through its tribulations, proving to be an unusual and towering figure of kindliness, patience, and faith.  His faith derives from experience— Gus, a war buddy and church janitor,  calls Nathan, Captain—and serves not only to guide the family, the people of the congregations he serves, and the town through deadly damage but also does so in soft-edged, charitable way. Nathan exhibits what the town needs: firm faith far from the hard line judgment often associated, especially nowadays, with the deeply religious.<br/><br/>Frank’s father compares quite favorably with Atticus Finch of To Kill a Mockingbird, and may be a greater figure, as Nathan weathers storms far more difficult and trying than does Atticus.  Reverend Drum’s sermon on faith, hope, and charity (love in this book) is deep and moving. His grace in the face of prejudice and righteous anger is exceeded only by his patience and insistence on talking things out.  Krueger has created a saintly character, who emerges simply a human doing good.<br/>The story grows very dark at times, confronts the wayward human heart, and remains in its fullness, quite optimistic, almost a miracle. In that way it is truly a Minnesota story.
 This is hands down one of the best books I've ever read. I always say this author writes beautiful thrillers, but this goes beyond. It's a thriller, it's a mystery, it's a coming-of-age book, and it's even spiritual. I found it completely moving. It's not the easiest read in the world, because there's violence and gritty emotions and some tough issues going on in the lives of the characters. It can be heartwrenching. But I found myself getting that magic feeling as I read it--the one you get when you're realize you're reading something that's going to stay with you and you know it's a masterpiece. It's a beautiful Northern Minnesota ride into the past, and to my delight reminded me of classics such as Stephen King's The Body (Stand by Me), The Outsiders, and even To Kill a Mockingbird.<br/>I do regret the foreshadowing early on in the book that gives away part of the coming drama. (I hate when authors do that. It's like putting a spoiler in the text to me.) Nonetheless, a completely compelling read.<br/>I'm also thrilled to death that a book like this won the prestigious Edgar Award. I think this author is one of the best writers, and thriller writers, that it's ever been my fortune to encounter. Bravo.
 I am a fan of William Kent Krueger and have read almost all of his Cork O’Conner series.  This is a stand-alone novel and quite different.  “Ordinary Grace” is a fictional story that relates the events of the summer of 1961 in a small town in Minnesota, told as seen through the eyes of a 13-year-old boy.  The descriptions of characters and places are rich with texture, feeling, and emotion.  I read this book over several days, but I was so emotionally involved that I was thinking about it almost continuously at times when I wasn’t reading.  The writing is beautiful and has to be Krueger’s best work.  I am awed and humbled by this author’s amazing talent, and I highly recommend this book for all readers.  This is one of those rare books I will read again. – David B. Crawley, M.D., author of "<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Steep-Turn-A-Physician-s-Journey-From-Clinic-to-Cockpit/dp/1515009688/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Steep Turn: A Physician's Journey From Clinic to Cockpit</a>" and "<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/A-Mile-of-String-A-Boy-s-Recollection-of-His-Midwest-Childhood/dp/1493538640/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A Mile of String: A Boy's Recollection of His Midwest Childhood</a>."
 I do not understand why this book has not been discussed more. It is a delicate, well written, interesting book. The title may put off some, but though it certainly is about the grace of God it is not preachy. It is almost the opposite. It is about people and love and grieving and coming to terms with all of that.<br/>It is about a young boy whose family experiences the tragedy of losing his older sister. It is about his father who became a minister after WWII and his mother who did not expect to be a minister's wife. It is about his brother who stuttered. It is about a small town's prejudices, assumptions and gossip. Though there are some potential cliques, I think the author managed to avoid them.<br/>I have noticed that in several books with the same type of theme, the author puts adult thoughts into the head of the young person. Krueger does not do that. He clearly manages to write appropriate dialogue for the boy and then switches to the reflective thoughts of the adult 40 some years later.<br/>Though the death and murder are somewhat telegraphed, he still manages to keep the reader in suspense.<br/>There are many paragraphs in this book that were pure spiritual joy. As stated, Krueger managers to avoid preachiness. As a result, I thought was a delight to read.
 I picked up this book after my wife finished it.  “You must read this,” she told me.  We have not always liked or agreed on the same books but I found it as one of the most satisfying novels read this year.<br/> The narrator is Frank Drum, telling the story as a college history professor with a wife and children, but the setting is 1961 when he was a teen living in a small Minnesota town near St. Paul.  Frank’s dad, Nathan, is a Methodist minister whose sidekick is a fellow named Gus.  Gus calls Nathan “Captain” because that was his Army rank when they served together in WWII.  Frank’s mom is Ruth who sings and leads the choir of Nathan’s church while Frank’s sister Ariel plays the piano.  Rounding out this family is Frank’s younger brother, Jake, who is a pretty smart kid but shies away from attention because of his awkward stuttering.<br/> It’s a grim summer as death visits the Drums’ friends and even a member of their family.  The most attractive feature of Kreuger’s storytelling talent is his ability to draw the reader into the group of characters.  After reading only the first several chapters, I felt  emotionally connected with the Drums.  Kreuger follows the old dictum of good writing. show, not tell, and we learn so much more by the characters’ facial expressions, their dialogue, and things they do or not do.<br/> Kreuger springs several surprises along the way.  In one case, he foreshadows the advent of a death that will cause Frank a lot of pain.  This had the effect of my reading at a faster pace to find out what this terrible incident was going to be.  I wish he hadn’t done that but just let the story take its natural course and the tragic event happen as a terrible surprise.  This is a minor quibble, really a matter of the author’s style, and didn’t adversely impact my overall enjoyment of the book.
 “All the dying that summer began with the death of a child, a boy with golden hair and thick glasses, killed on the railroad tracks outside New Bremen, Minnesota, sliced into pieces by a thousand tons of steel speeding across the prairie toward South Dakota.”<br/><br/>I LOVE when I can tell from the first page, from the first sentence even, that a book is going to be good.  Memorable stories are like that.  I enjoy authors who jump right into it, who are frank in their writing and who have a genuine voice for their characters.  I also like to learn a little something about life and the ways of the world from the books I read.  Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger gave me all of that within its first three paragraphs – this is when you know you have a good book in your hands.  But even more importantly than all of that, Ordinary Grace introduced me to a boy with a story I wanted to hear, a story worth telling.<br/><br/>The time is the summer of 1961.  The place is New Bremen, Minnesota.  Little Bobby Cole has just turned up dead on the railroad tracks by the river and his isn’t the only death this town will see this summer.  Thirteen-year-old Frank Drum is a boy coming of age amid the tumults of his town and family.  Told in retrospect, 40 years after the fateful events took place, this story is his.  It is the story of a preacher father, once suffering from PTSD before it had a name, taken to ministering to the broken and fallen.  It is the story of a tagalong, stuttering brother, who sees what everyone else is too blind to see.  It is the story of a musical sister, destined for Julliard, but giving up her dream behind secrets and tears.  It is the story of a wayward Indian man who hangs out by the river and evokes suspicion just for being born who he was.  It is the story of a disfigured blind man and his deaf sister, who have learned to make it in this world by leaning on each other.  It is the story of a father’s errant friend from the war, who shows up one day and makes a home in the church basement.  It is the story of a teenage bully, intent on terrorizing the entire town at his own expense.  It is the story of four dead souls by summer’s end.  It is the story of New Bremen, Minnesota - Summer, 1961.<br/><br/>What I loved about this book is that it had a real sense of people and place – Krueger does a fine job of painting a picture of New Bremen and its citizens for the reader.  Also, if you like your novels to have a nostalgic small-town feel with a bit of grit and dirt thrown in, then you’ll like Ordinary Grace.  Reminiscent of Stand by Me with a helping of The Wonder Years and a sprinkling of My Girl, Ordinary Grace captures the essence of what we love about each of these films.
 I saw a meme recently that said " That moment when you finish a book, look around, and realize that everyone is just carrying on with their lives, as though  you didn't just experience emotional trauma at the hands of a paperback."  This book is one of those.  The plot has been summarized in several of the review, so I won't do that here.  But this is  a wonderful book of despair and hope.  Some of the critics felt that Frank's musings and meditations were too lengthy.  Not at all. If you are expecting an action-thriller.  This is not the book for you.  The freeing power of forgiveness is strong in this book.  The power of love overcomes the darkness of humanity.  Great read and lots of food for thought.  We certainly have no power over many things, but we do have the power to act or react to them.  This book gives a great example of Grace that is far from ordinary in our culture
 1.  Ordinary Grace by William Kent Kruger realistic fiction<br/>Grade A+  307 pages<br/>When I finished this book, I hugged it to my chest and immediately knew it would be the book I would compare every other book to this year.  The story is realistic fiction with a bit of mystery tied in.  I loved the narrator, Frank, and he took me back to a simpler time.  The book made me remember my grandparents and the times spent with them while growing up.  The story is heavy, thought provoking and full of ordinary grace.  I had many favorite passages:<br/><br/>“What I’m saying, Nathan, is that she has enormous potential in so many areas.  But greatness?  Who can say?  That’s something, it seems to me, that depends more on God and circumstance than on our own efforts,” (p. 66).<br/><br/>“’I’ll talk to your dad,’ Gus said.  ‘And, Jake, there’s going to be lots in this world you’re going to feel bad about.  Save your regret for the important things, okay?’” (p. 103).<br/><br/>“I know of no darker moment in the Bible than the moment Jesus in his agony on the cross cries out, ‘Father, why have you forsaken me?’  Darker even than his death not long after because in death Jesus at last gave himself over fully to the divine will of God.  But in that moment of his bitter railing he must have felt betrayed and completely abandoned by his father, a father he’d always believed loved him deeply and absolutely.  How terrible that must have been and how alone he must have felt.  In dying all was revealed to him, but alive Jesus like us saw with mortal eyes, felt the pain of mortal flesh, and knew the confusion of imperfect mortal understanding.  I see with mortal eyes.  My mortal heart this morning is breaking.  And I do not understand,” (p.194).<br/><br/>“My father cleared his throat and said into the silence, ‘Is there anyone else who would care to offer the blessing?’  No one spoke and the silence stretched on painfully.  Then at my side a small clear voice replied, ‘I’ll say grace.’  I stood dumbfounded because, Jesus, the person who’d spoken was my stuttering brother Jake.  He didn’t wait for my father’s permission.  He rose from his chair and bowed his head.  I looked at all those people present none of whom could bring themselves to close their eyes and miss the train wreck that was about to take place and I prayed as desperately as I ever had, Oh, dear God, take me away from this torture.  Jake said, ‘Heavenly F-F-F.’  And he stopped.  Oh God, I prayed, just kill me now.  My mother reached up and put her hand gently on his shoulder and Jack cleared his throat and tried again.  ‘Heavenly Father, for the blessings of this food and these friends and our families, we thank you.  In Jesus’s name, amen.’  That was it.  That was all of it.  A grace so ordinary there was no reason at all to remember it.  Yet I have never across the forty years since it was spoken forgotten a single word,” (p. 270).<br/><br/>“We turn, three men bound by love, by history, by circumstance, and most certainly by the awful grace of God, and together walk a narrow lane where headstones press close all around, reminding me gently of Warren Redstone’s parting wisdom, which I understand now.  The dead are never far from us.  They’re in our hearts and on our minds and in the end all that separates us from them is a single breath, one final puff of air,” (p. 307).
 I feel bad for the next book I plan to read, because Ordinary Grace is a very hard act to follow.<br/><br/>This book is very different from the author’s Cork O’Connor mystery series. Mr. Krueger wrote Ordinary Grace from his heart. He has said that writing it was easier than any other novel he has written before, and he feels it is the best piece of writing he has ever done. This is the fourth book in the last year and a half that made me cry, and the second that was written by William Kent Krueger. I wish I had the writing skills to do justice to its review.<br/><br/>This novel takes place during the summer of 1961 and is set in a small rural community in southern Minnesota. The narrator of Ordinary Grace is Frank Drum, who is 13 years old; he tells the story as an adult, 40 years later. The summer of 1961 was a tumultuous one, not only for Frank, his brother Jake, his sister Ariel, his minister father Nathan and frustrated mother Ruth, but for the whole community of New Bremen. Frank and 11-year-old Jake grew up quickly that summer. The events that occurred rocked the foundation of everything they believed in, including their faith, their values, the strength of their family, and the meaning of love. As Mr. Krueger puts it, the story is about “discovering the terrible price of wisdom and the enduring grace of God.”<br/><br/>Mr. Krueger’s story-telling ability and prose are strikingly unique. His writing imbues serenity, joy, and feelings of being home. It soothes me. It is very difficult for me to put this into words, but it’s the reason why he is by far my favorite author. You will have to experience this book (or any of his books) yourself to see what I mean.<br/><br/>I must comment on the time and setting of Ordinary Grace. I was 10 years old in 1961, so I grew up in this same era. The story brought so much back to me. The way my brother and I would spend the entire summer outside playing with friends or just enjoying each other’s company. There were no computers, iPads or cell phones to distract us from making the most of every moment with whomever we were with. We sat on our porches watching lightening bugs and listening to cicadas, stood in our dead-end street and talked to our neighbors who congregated there, explored the entire town as we rode our bikes everywhere. No ball field was ever empty. Our joys were simple. Childhood does not seem to be like that anymore. This makes me sad.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace. To give away anything else about the plot would be unfair. I just want to say that the account of that fateful summer in New Bremen, the story of two young teenagers trying to make sense of their world where everything is crashing down at once, will stick with me for a very long time. If you are looking for a powerfully moving 5-star read this summer, find a copy of Ordinary Grace. You will not be disappointed.
 It's July 1961 in a small Minnesota town and 13 year old Frank Drum is forced to confront the real world square in the eyes. "Ordinary Grace", from author William Kent Krueger takes us back to a time we've lost in America, and that'll never come back. From the onset Frank's childhood is over in a flash and manhood has smacked him in the face. Tiny little New Bremen, Minnesota is a town where nothing really ever goes on. It's simple and rustic. A cross between Mayberry ,and Mayfield ("Leave it to Beaver" setting), New Bremen is quiet as it enjoys the peacefulness of America in 1961. Rev. Nathan Drum is the local Methodist minister for New Bremen. Drum and wife Ruth have three children, Ariel 18, Frank 13, and Jake 11. Ariel had just graduated from high school and would be attending Juilliard as a music prodigy in the fall. However death comes to New Bremen. Young Bobby Cole is found dead on the nearby railroad tracks. Bobby had be always labeled as "slow", so finding him dead on the tracks was shocking but not surprising. Frank and Jake would at times used to look out for young Bobby. Rev Drum and several of the residents in New Bremen all make sure to lecture Frank and Jake about dangers of a train hitting them while playing on the tracks. But, Frank and Jake really don't heed those warnings. Soon Frank and Jake find the body of a hobo dead in overgrown area of the tracks. Again Frank and Jake experience another aspect of death up close. Meanwhile things go beyond serious in New Bremen when the day after the town's huge July 4th celebration Ariel Drum is missing. While several suspects are questions nobody seems to know what happened to Ariel. Things turn very emotional when Ariel's body is discovered found floating in nearby river area. Once a person comes across the site of a body floating in water for a few days that mental picture can never go away. Especially the younger one is to discovering such a horrible sight. The town itself starts slipping into a melt down of finger pointing and accusations. Without a doubt a very emotional story to read it's hard not to get a lump in throat as Drum family is torn in several directions. For Frank, his world is shattered in a matter of days, and he's forced to mature into an age which is far more older than his actual age. Seeing how the family dynamic is changed, damaged, and crippled is very difficult to read without a slight tear in the eye. With some very complex and emotional characters the story comes alive out of the pages to surround the reader and envelop the reader into the plot. True this is a who done it mystery, but that's actually such a very small part of the reading experience. At just over 300 pages I read this book very slowly. It was too difficult to try and speed through the plot. with each passing chapter a pause allows this book to make it's way into the heart. Five stars out of a possible five stars for, "Ordinary Grace", is a special and emotional ride through a simpler America that has long vanished.
 I have a fondness for coming-of-age stories, and right now Ordinary Grace, seen through the eyes of thirteen year old Frank Drum and narrated by his forty-something year old self, is at the very top of that list for me.<br/>The small town atmosphere of the early sixties was captured perfectly. Many men of the town were veterans of World War II, including Nathan Drum, Frank’s father.  A would be lawyer, turned minister; he was a strong solid individual that the characters and the reader could depend upon to always do the right thing. I couldn’t help but make the literary connection between him and Atticus Finch in Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird.<br/>Frank and his younger brother, Jake, roamed freely throughout the town and its outskirts which included railroad tracks and a trestle along a river. This freedom, again a nod back to the sixties, brought back memories of a simpler time to be a kid. When they came across a dead body under the trestle I couldn’t help but make another literary connection to Stephen King’s novella, The Body, which was made into the movie, Stand by Me.<br/>There are four deaths that occur during the summer depicted in this story. Each one has an effect on the Drum family. Surprisingly, this doesn’t seem like an overwhelming plot. It was all believable and I found myself caught up in the quiet suspense of it all, while picking up on hints of who did what.<br/>I found the epilogue especially touching and a satisfying way to leave the story and characters.<br/>I checked this book out at the library, but I plan on purchasing my own copy as I already know I will read it again and again.<br/>Ordinary Grace is destined to become a classic.
 The people in my book group loved this novel for all the reasons that others have stated.  Without taking away from their book, I enjoyed it less for one reason: I didn't find many of the themes well-developed.  Another, more positive, way of stating what I thought:  the novel should have been 3 or 4 books long with all that's in it.  The brevity meant that I didn't feel as if the main character was believable and that some of the scenes seemed contrived.  Having said that, I enjoyed the detective aspect of the story and the rest was well-intentioned.  He describes scenes well too.  It was a 3.5 star book for me, but that's probably just me.
 I couldn't get through this book. Would not recommend it.
 If I could give this book a six star rating, I would. It's the best book I've read in a long time.<br/><br/>The backdrop of 1961 and Frank Drum is age thirteen. He's excited about the Minnesota Twins who have moved from Washington and will begin playing in Minnesota.<br/><br/>Frank has a wonderful relationship to his brother Jake who idolizes him and is two years younger. Jake has a severe stuttering problem and Frank tries to be protective when others make fun of Jake.<br/><br/>Their sister, Ariel, has recently finished high school and plans to attend the Julliard School of Music. Nathan, Frank's father, is a Methodist minister who preaches to three congregations in rural Minnesota.<br/><br/>The story opens with the death of a boy on the railroad tracks. This is a dangerous place where children are warned to stay away from. As the local minister, Frank's father performs the funeral service for the young boy and Frank is made aware of the parent's feelings and what they are going through. He relates that he didn't know it at the time, but the summer would bring more deaths. When other events happen, he makes a point of listening to his father and learning from what is going on around him, even when the next body is found at the railroad tracks by the river.<br/><br/>The reader learns that Nathan's motivation to become a minister stems from his duty during the WWII where he saw action and killing, afterwards, being an attorney didn't appeal to him as much as providing people with the word of God.  We also learn what cost there is in ministering to three congregations in that the time for his wife and family is limited.<br/><br/>The theme of a person's faith and putting oneself in the hands of God is nicely described. We also meet Nathan's friend, Gus, who is a kind of Everyman in that Frank and others can count on him as an adult to talk to or a handyman around the town.  Nathan's wife doesn't appreciate his goodness or priorities and wishes that he had become a lawyer and that he had more time for her. She is tired of having to be the model wife<br/><br/>As the novel evolves, the author's lyrical style is seen in his descriptions of the land, the small town life and having faith in God.
 This is a coming-of-age book with a mystery component that I can see why people love, but I wasn't quite as in awe of it. This my personal preference but it was too male-oriented. Nearly every character is male, and the female characters are stuck in very confining roles: mother, wife, sister, girlfriend. Admittedly, some of this is because the book is told from a boy's point of view around 1960, but it was written now so there's not an excuse for having no women who are really fully developed people with lives and thoughts outside the plot, especially when the males are so richly described and filled with hidden depths. I found myself easily pulled away by other books during the reading of this, even though I enjoyed it while reading it. Your mileage may vary. Grade: B
 Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger, is a beautifully written hard to put down novel full of twists and turns. William Kent Krueger is mostly know for his multiple-award-winning Cork O'Connor series. Ordinary Grace is a stand alone novel and is the Winner of the 2014 EDGAR Award for Best Novel, a Winner of the 2014 DILYS Award and was A SCHOOL LIBRARY JOURNAL BEST BOOK OF 2013.<br/><br/>This book is narrated by Frank Drum, 40 years after a fateful summer when he was thirteen years old in New Bremen, Minnesota. This novel is a coming of age novel yet at the same time it is a mystery and deals with deaths that rocked the small community. The book opens with the death of a young boy who is killed on the town's railroad tracks. This young boy's tragic death is just the first, but as the narrator informs the reader, the saddest death is yet to come. Each of the members of Frank's family will react in different ways to the events of the summer of 1961, as will the other members of the community. Deaths which assumed many forms and affected young Frank deeply. This book is a look at tragic loss and how it affects not only families but the community as a whole. Young and old, rich and poor, no one can escape the mysterious tragedies of that fateful summer.<br/><br/>Frank Drum is the son of a Methodist Minister and a Veteran of World War 2, who proceeds over three church congregations. His Mother heads up each Churches' choir and his older sister, a gifted pianist, is Julliard-bound and his stuttering younger brother is very smart for his young age. During that fateful summer of 1961, Frank finds himself thrust into a world of mystery, crime, secrets, prejudice, and lies. This book also examines how the members of Frank's family deals with loss. Can Frank's Father, a Man of God, still maintain his faith? What will happen if his Wife abandons her faith? How can children maintain their innocence after all they have seen and learned?<br/><br/>This book was very simple yet very elegant at the same time. I had a hard time putting this book down. I wanted to keep reading until the very last page. I found myself thinking about this novel long after I read the last page. William Kent Krueger introduced a cast of memorable characters, some lovable and some not at all likable. All are important to the story. Issues such as prejudice, social class, sexual orientation, and young love are also explored in this novel.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this moving and beautifully novel.
 Ordinary Grace-the perfect title for the book<br/><br/>"Heavenly Father, for the blessings of this food and these friends and our families, we thank you. In Jesus's name, amen."<br/><br/>This was a poignant turning point in the book. A miracle or a change happened. When the world seems dark and sorrow is deep, one can long for the ordinary.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace is a coming of age book of a 13 boy Frank Drum. The time is the summer of 1961 in the small town of New Bremen Minnesota. It is a summer filled with several deaths and families under stress. Yet the readers follows along with the two brothers as they go about doing daily activities that young boys can get into.<br/><br/>The book is beautifully written and one of the best reads of 2017 for me. It lingers on my mind and that is a sign of a very good book to me.
 Here's how my mind works. I go to the library, to the K authors in the fiction section. So naturally, I see Stephen King, Dean Koontz, and one day, without warning, I see the last name Krueger. FREDDY KRUEGER??? Um, no, William Kent Krueger. But being around the King and Koontz names, is this going to be some slasher author, blood and guts, gross-out, bullet-ridden bloodbath? Again, the answer is no, and when you look into it, Krueger is rather reclusive, and is best known for his Cork O'Connor series. Well, I'm already into a couple of series', but it says that "Ordinary Grace" is a stand-alone, so let's give that one a go. I did, and enjoyed it!<br/><br/>Frank Drum was a teenager, just like we were. He has a brother named Jake, who stuttered constantly, and an older sister name Ariel, who's gifted in music. His Dad is a Methodist minister, and his Mom loves her cigarettes, and doesn't really WANT to be a minister's wife, but too bad, so sad. His Dad fought in the war, and chooses not to talk about what happened there, and his friend, Gus, keeps a room near the family, yet not with the family.<br/><br/>So what makes this story especially special, or worth telling? Murder, and in New Bremen, Minnesota, more than the fair share you care to know about. I mean, come on. As a teenager, you're supposed to be obsessing about Harmon Killebrew and the Twins, possibly chasing chicks, looking to score a date. But no, because murder is in the air, things aren't so normal. But Frank and Jake still live their lives, work for their Grandfather, and Ariel lives to see her boyfriend, Karl, while she and a blind old music prodigy make music of their own. As for the sister of the boyfriend, Lise, she's deaf, can't talk, and does her own thing.<br/><br/>Being a story that features a minister and his family, there is no salvation message, yet there is scripture mentioned from time to time. I've wondered if William Kent Krueger grapples with the idea of God. And I'm wondering enough, enjoyed this enough to read Krueger's work again in the future!
 This book was simply awful.  Very poorly written.  Incredibly superficial characters.  I do not comprehend why it received so many stellar reviews.  Do not buy it.  I wish I hadn't.
 In all honesty I can say this is the most profound book I have ever read in all of my life!  It for me had a deep meaning and brought things to light that I hadn't thought of before.  There is much to learn from reading this book if all of us take the the time to reflect once we are done, and how in our own lives yet different than the life of the Drum family, there can be understanding that all of us go through difficult trials and learnings in our own lives.  I guess that is part of living life.  There were a couple simple statements and facts of life that added understanding to my own life and the meaning of it.  I urge you all to read this book as for me it brought me to a deep understanding of my own life and hopefully maybe in a different way it will to yours too!  I am a huge fan of William Kent Krueger's books, but his mysteries I read for pleasure as I love his main character Cork O'Connor, his family, and the colorful characters that surround him.  This book being different and stand alone we read about Pastor Drum, his fmaily, and the events that take place in 1961 New Bremen, MN.  It is told through the eyes of the son thirten year old Frank Drum and with it comes the realization and the understanding of the hardships and truths facing us all as we live life.  If you take the time to read this wonderful book, stick with it as the first half of the book sets it all up and can be slow, then you embark on a journey full speed ahead for the rest of the book, and simply I could not release the book from my hand till the very end!!
 Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger is a coming of age story, told from the perspective of the protagonist 40 years after the fact. It's a story of a particular time period, the summer of 1961, and a particular place, New Bremen, MN. It's the story of thirteen year old Frank Drum, son of a Methodist Minister, standing on the threshold of young adulthood, during a fateful summer, punctuated by death and mystery.<br/><br/>The book opens in the summer of 1961 with the confusing death of a simple, sweet looking young boy, killed by a speeding train just outside of town. Frank and his wise-beyond-his-years kid brother decide to investigate the place where he died on their own. While investing near the tracks where he was killed, they come upon the body of an itinerant, lying below the trestle. That's when they meet the ominous seeming homeless man, going through the dead man's pockets. In the midst of all these deaths, his Julliard-bound older sister goes missing and is subsequently discovered by him, floating in the river, near that fateful trestle. Faced with so much heartache and pushed into an adult world full of secrets, lies, betrayals and murder, Frank learns the terrible price of adult wisdom and the terrific grace of God all on the brink of his young manhood.<br/><br/>I found this book haunting and beautiful at the same time. I loved watching Frank's maturity, grace and forgiveness unfold and grow through all the hardships he faced over the summer. It puts me in mind of the novella The Body by Stephen King, in the sense that it transports the reader to a particular time and place and truly shows you life through the eyes of an adolescent boy on the cusp of manhood. If you love a story full of grace, forgiveness, and redemption and you want to be transported to a simpler time and place, this is a story you won't soon forget.<br/><br/>Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this book free from the Publisher or Author. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own.
 “That was it. That was all of it. A grace so ordinary there was no reason at all to remember it. Yet I have never across the forty years since it was spoken forgotten a single word.” Ordinary Grace follows the lives of two young boys in small town Minnesota the summer of 1961. Death comes often that summer and Frank and Jake find themselves more and more thrust into a grown-up world as they navigate the dynamics of their family and their town.<br/><br/>My favorite book is To Kill a Mockingbird. In the sense that this book also focused on the kids' perspective in a small town in a "simpler" time, Ordinary Grace reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbird. I'm sure my enjoyment of Ordinary Grace benefited from my love of the Harper Lee classic. This book was, though, at it's core, a who-dun-it - an enjoyable one at that. Some "conclusions" were pretty obvious from the start but many twists and turns took you by surprise.<br/><br/>The father, Nathan, was an almost unbelievably gracious and forgiving man, while the mother, Ruth, played foil with great emotional instability. Probably my favorite character was Gus, a friend of Nathan's from the war, who was constantly a rock upon which the boys could lean and a lighthouse in the dark to help Frank and Jake navigate tough issues. Yet, he was flawed in very real, authentic ways.<br/><br/>The one distraction for me was the layout of the town. I don't think the author used a real town or a map of his imaginary town or he was bad at describing directions of things. Many times I found myself "lost" in town (no, the trestle is the OTHER WAY!). Or a description that something was past of the edge of town, with a real sense that it was far away - tucked away on purpose - but then it was only a 5 minute car ride later on. Or a bike ride in the middle of the night from the poor part of town to WAY up in the high rent area - again, earlier depicted as far away - that takes very little time. Given how I mentally "Google map" the books I read, these discrepancies were jarringly noteworthy as I read.<br/><br/>All and all, an engaging read. This was a book club selection for me and not something I would have likely picked up on my own.
 I've read, and mostly enjoyed, several of Krueger's Cork O'Connor mysteries, and I knew that this was something different for him. IMO, he should stick to writing mysteries.<br/>This was just way too schmaltzy for my taste. The good characters were mostly goody-two-shoes. I was expecting Nate-the-Father to be canonized by halfway through. And, while I'd like to think that his reaction to the revelation by his daughter's boyfriend was likely, I just don't believe it. Krueger did an overall good job of portraying small-town Minnesota in 1961, but this was way anachronistic.<br/>The "mystery" wasn't much of one (it got an EDGAR?! Huh??). And as other reviewers have noted, the eavesdropping by the boys, and just happening to be in the right place at the right time to stumble over what they needed to know to advance the plot, got pretty tiresome.
 Set in New Bremen, Minnesota on the Minnesota River, forty miles from Mankato, this is a story of the Drum family and the impact a series of deaths played on the people of this small town during the summer of 1961. The story is told by Frank Drum, looking back forty years later, to that fateful summer which changed the lives of so many.<br/>Nathan Drum is a Methodist minister and practices in three small rural towns. His wife, Ruth, directs the church choirs. Their daughter, Ariel, is a gifted pianist, organist and composer and she is set to attend Juilliard in the fall. Frank, is thirteen and a precocious boy, and his sweet d brother, Jake, has a stutter and a keen insight and intuition on human behavior and character. Their father's friend from military service, Gus, lives in the church basement. The Brandt family, Karl who is a classmate of Ariel, his uncle Emil who is a gifted musician and had once been in love with Ruth, and Emil's deaf sister Lise. This is a story about faith, having faith tempted, death, life after death, mistaken identities, scapegoats, prejudices. How did Bobby Cole and the homeless man die? How were the other people, who died that summer, killed?The protagonist, Frank, has his faith tested over and over again.<br/>The is my first William Kent Krueger novel and the prose are beautiful. At times I laughed outloud, others in awe, and many times reread paragraphs because they were stunning. As I am a native of Minnesota, I relished the rich history and description of the Sioux Indian culture, the topography of the Minnesota land and the formation of the LeSuer River valley, the bounty of crops growing in the fields, the stoic character of the people populating the small towns, the Twins, the a university of Minnesota and St. Olaf, and the ease of growing up during a hot Midwestern summer in 1961. Like Louise Erdrich, Krueger captures the essence of the people and the land.<br/><br/>"Ariel ended her piece. My mother stood up. Ariel laid her hands again on the organ keyboard and paused and prepared herself then began to play. And my mother closed her eyes and composed herself to sing.<br/>When my mother sang I almost believed in heaven. It wasn't just that she had a beautiful voice but also that she had a way of delivering a piece that pierced your heart. Oh when she sang she could make a fence post cry. When she sang she could make people laugh or dance or fall in love or go to war. In the pause before she began, the only sound in the church was the breeze whispering through the open doorway. The Coles had chosen the hymn and it seemed an odd choice, one that had probably come from Mrs. Cole whose roots were in southern Missouri. She asked my mother to sing a spiritual, Swing Low, Sweet Chariot.<br/>When my mother finally sang it was not just a hymn she offered, it was consummate comfort. She sang slowly and richly and delivered the heart of that great spiritual as if she was delivering heaven itself and her face was beautiful and full of peace. I shut my eyes and her voice reached out to wipe away the tears and enfold my heart and assure me absolutely that Bobby Cole was being carried home. It made me almost happy for him, a sweet boy who didn't have to worry anymore about understanding a world that would always be more incomprehensible to him than not. Who didn't have to endure anymore all the cruel mockeries. Who would never have to concern himself with what kind of man he would grow into and what would become of him when his aged parents could no longer protect and care for him. My mother's singing made me believe that God had taken Bobby Cole for the best of reasons.<br/>And when she finished the sound of the breeze through the doorway was like a sigh of angels well pleased."
 One of the supremely and eloquently constructed small town stories that is about every kind of love (from parental to irresponsible and devastating)  all laid at our feet in this mesmerizing novel. It examines the effects that those loves have on damaged, innocent, persons, both children, adults, and, especially, those in between--and that examination never falls into the trap of autopsy but remains fully human and completely shocking, surprising and beautiful.  It's one of the best novel that I've heard (with vision problems, I listen to most boks) in many years. This is my first book by Krueger, but it won't be my last.<br/><br/>Each character is in a life he or she did not see as his/her future and is nailed to the cross of that life because of physical or psychological damage: Ideafnees,  a face destroyed by war, a wife who "thought she was getting a lawyer and ended up with a minister, a small stuttering boy chained to silence, the sudden gut-emptying loss of a beloved whom a family had hung their hopes on, and the courage of a young boy who tries to put the pieces of these losses together with such a pure, unknowing and innocent experience that makes it possible that he, out of all the other characters,  knows the answer of the mystery with his heart even before he can know with his mind.<br/><br/>Buy this book.<br/><br/>I could not  suggest a better book to read--fully eligible for great literary awards for brilliace and fully readable for any best-seller list.  Read it/
 This is a really great story about the challenges we face in life and the ways in which we handle them.<br/><br/>It is a coming-of-age story, with a side of mystery, that touches on the power of perspective, the strength of familial relationships, friendship, loss, grief, forgiveness and faith.<br/><br/>It is exquisitely written. The prose is beautiful. The setting is vividly described. And the characters are well-developed and complex.<br/><br/>It is a subtle story that flows effortlessly, leaves an impression, and makes an impact.<br/><br/>I highly recommend it. It is definitely worth a read.
 The narrator of this story is Frank Drum, a 13-year-old boy who lives in a small Minnesota town with his family: younger brother Jake, who has a severe stutter; older sister Ariel, a talented muscian destined for Julliard; father Nathan, an earnest Methodist pastor; and mother Ruth, choir director and superb singer who thought she was marrying a future lawyer and is not happy with her husband's vocation. The Drums are an average family with loving parents and nice children who behave as typical children do.<br/><br/>The book - structured as a mystery - is really about death and faith. As the tale opens it's  the very hot summer of 1961 and the town seems to be experiencing more than it's share of death. A schoolmate of the Drum brothers, playing on the railroad tracks, is killed by a train and soon afterwords the brothers find a dead hobo in almost the same spot. This naturally get the boys thinking about death, and God, and heaven - sentiments apparently reinforced by regularly attending three church services every Sunday where their father preaches, their mother conducts the choir, and their sister plays the organ.<br/><br/>Soon afterwards the Drums experiences a personal tragedy that rocks their world, tests the faith of some family members, and starts to tear the family apart. Some turn to God for comfort, others reject God for allowing such a thing to happen.<br/><br/>As authorities investigate the tragedy,  Frank - determined to keep himself informed - snoops around, usually with Jake tagging along. Thus the brothers discover  things they shouldn't know, talk too much, and do some damage themselves.<br/><br/>The book is filled with interesting characters: Gus, a jack-of-all-trades with a drinking problem who served in the army with Nathan; Ariel's boyfriend, a son of the town's wealthiest family who drives a fancy car and has snobby parents; Ariel's music teacher and mentor, a blinded, emotionally damaged man who once jilted Ariel's mother; a deaf, disturbed girl with a passion for gardening; a crude, bigoted cop whose prejudices get in the way of his job;  a rough-living Indian man who appears a likely suspect; a family with an abusive father, and more.<br/><br/>The mystery of the book is resolved in a believable fashion and the characters' faith is restored by a small, touching 'miracle'. Overall a good story with a satisfying mystery and a touch of faith that's not overly preachy.
 Ordinary Grace is an extraordinary piece written by William Kent Krueger who shares the events of his life during the summer of 1961 in New Bremen, Minnesota.  It is a coming of age tale as young Frank and his brother Jake witness several shocking deaths in the small town.. The deaths of a young boy on the rails, a homeless man with no name, a young man who is questioning his sexuality and ultimately the murder of his sister are a few of the major events that turn Ordinary Grace into a real mystery.  Frank searches for his sister’s real killer and several people are suspects. His father's teaching as a pastor help him face and recover from some of life's hard and complicated truths. What a magnificent writer!
 The storyline can be divided in two, the first half of the book is used to set the scene, telling the customs and mannerisms of New Bremen, a Minnesota valley river town in the 60's focusing on the family of the town pastor, Nathan, this is closely associated to the author childhood experiences, (the tale is told by a thirteen year old boy, Frank, Nathan's son ) and the second half supports on the precedent elements to outline the mystery, spreading out the pieces of the puzzle to solve, who and what is behind the dissapearance and murder of Ariel, the eldest daugher of this town church pastor, Frank`s elder sister<br/>This novel got an Edgar Winning Award, it has well drawn characters, the plot has not the cop rough wording usually employed in the crime fiction, since it was beautifully written with a spiritual spin, in line with the characters, every tragedy brings about the application of universal values to judge everything behind a cautious ethic filter that sets the tone of several chapters, the author wishes to convey a message leaving several pieces of wisdom to leave the reader with something worth to ponder on<br/>I guessed right about the ending, unfortunately, since the biggest thrill is to be fooled by the author, but this situation in no way tarnishes the quality of the book as a whole
 New Bremen, Minnesota, 1961. The narrator of the story recalls the events of that summer that forever changed him and his family. Frank Drum was then a 13-year-old teenager, a future hooligan. Frank’s parents are a minister of the Methodist Church Nathan, a veteran of World War II, and his wife, Ruth, not supporting her husband in his faith - she was once married to a lawyer, and after the war he decided to become a priest. Frank has a younger brother, Jake, who suffers from stuttering in public, and an older sister, Ariel, who graduated from high school and is now going to go to college.<br/><br/>Frank recalls that that summer was full of death. It all started with the death of the boy Bobby Cole, slightly retarded, who loved to play on the train tracks. There he died when he was hit by a passing train. The police ruled that it was an accident, the boy most likely went in a state and did not hear the train coming.<br/><br/>The second death in the town is not so shocking to people. While playing in the woods, Frank and his brother notice two men, one of them is as if asleep. Awake stranger beckons to the boys and says that other man is not asleep, he is dead.<br/><br/>The town has a few strange outsiders, which society does not accept. This is brother and sister Lise and Emil Brandt. Emil is a blind music teacher, a war veteran with a burnt face. He writes his memoirs with the help of Ariel Drum and also teaches her piano lessons. Lise Brandt suffers from mental health problems, she is unsociable, doesn’t allow to touch her. Nathan Drum often plays chess with Emil, and Jake in the garden helps Lise, he's the only person she trusts and allows him to touch her.<br/><br/>William Kent Krueger has taken a break from his regular series writing this stand-alone. Ordinary Grace virtually is a murder mystery, but in fact it’s a deep novel about growing up and life in a small town.<br/><br/>Death at the beginning of the novel is not woven in central intrigue, but plays on the atmosphere. In a small New Bremen the most serious crime is a drunken brawl in a bar (which we see as the beginning of the novel when Nathan Drum goes to jail to take his friend Gus). And when something more serious than a drunken brawl happens the clouds over the city start gathering. Nathan Drum only manages to read the service for the dead, and his speeches really grab the soul, making you think about life and death, not just a formulaic prayer.<br/><br/>The narrator Frank also has death on his mind. In his narrative there is a lot of wisdom and thoughtful observations about the state of things. Frank’s father profession appeals to the topic of religion, and disbelief of Frank himself becomes a counterweight to this religiosity. Religion is woven into the novel matter, but does not become the cornerstone of the book. This is just one of the topics, but not the main one.<br/><br/>An important topic becomes a social structure of a small town, its population’s suspicion towards those who stick out of crowd. Lise and Emil Brandts obvious are outcasts due to their physical and mental deformities. Except tolerant Drums, they have no one who had for them help and sympathy. People of Indian origin are also considered strangers in town, which was formed by the descendants of German colonists. Only because of their race Indian Redstone automatically falls under suspicion.<br/><br/>Krueger reproduces the sixties in detail, but these details are more convincing than some of the characters. So, rowdy component of Frank is doubtful. He spies on a neighbor who is walking around in the underwear, sometimes swears, makes his brother beat someone else's car with a bat, but it is rather an exception to the rule. Frank is still honest and fair boy, sympathetic and vulnerable.<br/>Beautiful prose and the atmosphere of tragedy would not have saved the book, if it failed like a mystery. Krueger successfully solves the puzzle, playing by the rules: all the evidence is in plain sight, you only need to think hard. Krueger does not overcomplicate the mystery plot, but it’s not too simple either.<br/><br/>The novel deservedly won the Edgar for Best Novel (although the award seriously tainted its reputation in recent years, nominating such works that were not supposed to see the light of day at all). There is nothing ordinary about Ordinary Grace. Brilliant.
 My sister sent this book to me and I loved it! It is set in the Minnesota River Valley where I grew up so the local brought back memories but the story was the key. I'll call this a upper Midwest version of TO KILL A MOCKING BIRD or any passage into adulthood novel that features a cast of thoughtful, precocious adolescents. In one memorable summer two brothers experience a full range of emotional traumas related to death, family loss and redemption. This all unfolds in a rural village where everyone seems to be connected in one way or another and lives are inextricably changed by the story's conclusion.  This was so good my wife is now reading it and then we'll pass it on to friends who also grew up in Minnesota.... This is a must read if you want a powerful and memorable literary experience.
 This is the first book I have read by this author. I choose it because it was a “stand alone” book, not a part of his main series of books.  This author subtly reels you in, and I couldn’t put it down. He warns you a head of time that something terrible is going to happen...and I felt all the emotions through the eyes of a 13 year old boy...coping with one of life’s toughest challenges...death.  It was incredibly touching story!!  I am also going to try another book by this author, it was so well written!
 Ordinary Grace touched me in so many ways - made me laugh, cry, &amp; think. We lost our 19 year old daughter ten years ago and it brought back so many of those raw emotions so easily but it also reassured me that all of those emotions &amp; feelings &amp; thoughts we had were really normal in such a tragedy.  I wish I could've had this book to help me through our loss 10 years ago when I was searching for ANYTHING to validate what I was feeling &amp; thinking because therapy sure didn't!  I read about 2 books a week and rarely give a 5 star rating but with this book I didn't even hesitate.  This is also my first book review!!  Thank you Mr Krueger!!
 Many murders and questions. It kept you guessing till the end.
 The ethos presented and followed through with here by Krueger is one that clearly overlays the passive and sleepy aura of early 1960s Minnesota with a complex and pondering mystery. Intermixed with the grandeur of summer, 1961 New Bremen, Minnesota, with all of its expected conventions and etiquette, is a marvelously rendered story of intrigue masked by this sort of "Norman Rockwell" backdrop. Krueger is expert, then, with peppering the mix with just enough mystery with just enough backdrop to provide a marvelous and thought provoking novel.<br/><br/>Frank Drum is our protagonist, a 13 year old son of a WW II veteran minister and a woman who, from the very beginning, is clearly circumspect of the whole God thing but, being the "good" early `60s wife, follows her husband through thick and thin. Frank, seemingly wise beyond his years and immensely curious and investigative, discovers a body in the early portion of the book while "investigating" the mysterious death of one the local youths who'd been run over by a train. This unknown corpse is accompanied by a mysterious stranger who goes on to play an enigmatic part throughout the book.<br/><br/>Frank's brother Jake and sister Ariel are the other members of his family and are adroitly integrated into this story with other stereotypical small town `60s personae. To not spoil the plot, it is best that I stop here, only to say that, to me, the overarching worth of this novel is Krueger's well established ability to carry a reader with expert character renderings and elegant surroundings. I was constantly torn by the need to rip right through this work to find out what happens next or to savor the magnificent writing...a paradox that any writer, certainly of fiction, strives for.<br/><br/>Many reviewers have commented here that the ending is entirely predictable and I would have to agree only to the extent that Krueger TAKES to the literal END of the novel to eliminate all other possible suspects, a marvelous ploy. Once there and strongly suspecting the perpetrator, he still leaves enough unsaid to drive the reader to the very end...with a touching Epilogue to close out the book. All told, I certainly recommend this work highly and look forward to reading more of Krueger's work in the future.
 Is William Kent Krueger's prize winning novel ordinary or extraordinary? It  is a story about a young teenager living in small town Minnesota in 1961 where his father is the Methodist preacher, and his reactions to what happened that summer when death intruded on his life. It is a story about the effect on Frank Drum and his family when they are visited by several deaths by accident, nature, suicide and murder, which challenges their beliefs and is what Frank later calls "The awful grace of God".<br/><br/>Frank is 13 years old and lives in a loving and caring family. He supports his shy and stuttering his younger brother Jake, his constant companion, who is "two years and two heads shorter". His sister Ariel is eighteen, about to go to College and already a talented pianist and composer. His mother, Ruth, runs the church choir and every Sunday Frank and Jake (mostly reluctantly) have to attend services at the three churches in the district where his father is pastor.<br/><br/>Many adult males in the town still have their own devils from the War, especially Frank's father Nathan who gave up plans to become a lawyer and became a preacher to become closer to God. His wartime buddy, Gus, lives under the Church in the caretaker's quarters and has his own devils which he regularly attacks with alcohol and bar room fights. The person most affected is Emil Brandt, Ruth's former boyfriend, who returns from the war scarred and blind. He is still a brilliant pianist and takes solace in his music. His only companion is his deaf and angry sister, Lise, who shuns most company, but is surprisingly sympathetic with Jake.<br/><br/>Whenever the boys are allowed they roam the town, the railroad track and the surrounding countryside doing things that young boys will do. One day they come across a dead body under a trestle railroad bridge and come face to face with death directly. Later more deaths visit them which will have a lifetime effect on their family and friends.<br/><br/>Was the book ordinary or extraordinary and deserve its prize winning status? It was certainly very well written and evocative of the time and place but was not a page-turner for me. There were certainly a few extraordinary emotional impacts but they they were only a minor part of the book. I found it difficult to empathise with the religious issues that seemed to me to be thinly veiled Christian fiction which I normally avoid. Others who don't have those feelings will probably rate it as extraordinary.<br/><br/>My thanks to Simon &amp; Schuster for providing a copy of the book for my review.
 William Ken Krueger's new deeply human grief-ridden novel "Ordinary Grace" is as much a literary novel as it is a mystery.<br/><br/>Told from the point-of-view of a 13-year-old boy, Frank, an about-to-be juvenile delinquent preacher's son (according to the town), and featuring a brother who stutters, a sister with a harelip who sneaks out at night, a preacher father, a mother who hates his father's calling as a minister, a drunk friend, less-than-stellar police, a renegade Indian, a town full of characters that would make any Southern writer happy (though this takes place in New Bremen, Minnesota), and numerous dead bodies.  The mystery, delightfully, is solved by Frank, the 13-year-old boy.<br/><br/>With his father being a preacher and his father's friend being an undertaker, death is an occupational natural to Frank's household, though in this story one unnatural death seems to follow another.<br/><br/>This is a coming of age story primarily with the backdrop of murders, which become increasingly more personal as the story progresses.  Nothing makes one grow up more than death.<br/><br/>"There's something, it seems to me, that depends more on God and circumstances than our own efforts."<br/><br/>Krueger does an enviable and plausible job of letting Frank be the one who solves the crimes without making law enforcement in the story appear incompetent.  Kids love to spy and they can fit into small places.  Krueger plays it well.<br/><br/>The novel reads like an autobiography, not a novel, which is a compliment to Krueger.  The voice is pure; the characters are real.<br/><br/>Thematically, it is a story of weakness, timidity, and how not taking a stand not only destroys sunny afternoons and Sunday mornings, but also - and eventually - lives.  It is about prejudice, judgment, dark secrets, and how history leaves us, not with facts, but with the biased interpretations and sneers of survivors.  History, like faith, both in time, become personal and jaded.  It is a sad lesson for children: The dead are only one breath away from us.  Though the children make a vow with each other that they will never die, as Frank realizes, when we breathe that last breath, we cross the near veil, which was always closer than we thought.<br/><br/>This is not a formulaic police procedural.  This is a story to remind us that we are human and that the important thing is not the big stuff.  The story will stick with you long after you put it down.<br/>- Clay Stafford, author, filmmaker, and founder of Killer Nashville
 The Edgar is the biggest award in the mystery genre, as awarded by the Mystery Writers of America. The big winner of the award this year is this novel. It reminds me a lot of To Kill a Mockingbird. This is because it is narrated by a man now grown looking back to the summer of 1961 when he was a kid in the flatlands of the Minnesota River. He was a minister's son whose father was an extraordinary man. He'd been a lawyer before he'd been in WWII and returned wanting to be a minister. His congregation is a small town in the flatlands of the Minnesota River. He has a wife raised in a rich family who thought she was marrying a lawyer, not a minister, and two sons and one daughter. Back in that summer of 1961, a number of people died.<br/><br/>But the author is not simply concerned with murders. This is a masterful depiction of fascinating characters in a distinctive part of America. The Minnesota flatlands are small town America with many citizens of mixed Indian and white blood. They still have small town musicales and everyone knows one another and hangs out at the swimming hole during the hot days. But one death after another begins to intrude into this family's and the town's life that summer and it makes for a fascinating story.<br/><br/>Really, this is not just the best mystery of the year, this is the best book of the year. It is almost a disservice to call it a mystery. The author is well known for writing a mystery series involving a PI who was formerly the sheriff in this same Minnesota country. This, by contrast, is a stand alone novel.<br/><br/>All of the Edgars' nominees are worth reading.The Edgars awards list is at theedgars dot com<br/><br/>Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday &amp; Friday.
 Could not relate to this story. The characters did not seem real. It was certainly not a page turner unless you just wanted to be done with it
 I really enjoyed the first half of this book before I realized that I could no longer stand the "Christian" narrative that I assume I was supposed to absorb and be enlightened by.  I wanted to love this book, I wanted to think of Nathan Drum as an Atticus Finch whose moral compass was years beyond those whom he sought to counsel and to spiritually guide. For several chapters, I did manage to admire him. I even pitied him because of his wife's lack of faith, which I saw as a lack of respect for him and his innate righteousness. I admired the protagonist, Frank Drum and his tenacious search for the truth; this search was repeatedly successful because he spent most of his free time eavesdropping on adult conversations. Spoiler alert:<br/><br/>My disenchantment with this novel began after the sister's murder; with the exception of  the mother's anger and detachment, I felt that the characters' actions were unrealistic to the point of being ridiculous.  Being a Christian shouldn't (in my opinion) mean that an individual becomes a saint and/or a fool. If my daughter were impregnated by a man who was my family's trusted friend, I believe that I would harbor the notion that he had something to do with her death, especially if her body were found near his home. If my sister's murderer became known to me, as it did to the youngest son, I think I would quit hanging out with her and tell my parents. And BTW, why would the parents not suspect that the  crazy, possessive, and violent sister of their daughter's seducer was their daughter's killer? It seems that the only individuals in this entire town capable of solving mysteries were under the age of fourteen.<br/><br/>I realize that my opinion is in the minority, but I cannot express my disappointment with the novel's conclusion. Initially, I debated whether or not I would give this book a four or a five. I enjoyed the author's prose and the novel's rhythm until I didn't ;) . I don't like disliking something so intensely that others clearly enjoyed, and I am open-minded enough to know that I could be wrong. However, if I knew then what I know now, I would not have opened this book.
 Plot:  A "Stand by Me" coming-of-age feel attached to a murder mystery plot.<br/><br/>Pros: This is some of the best writing I've seen in awhile.  The year is 1961 and Krueger describes it so well.  All the goings on of a small Minnesota town, the landscape, the tendency of boys to get into trouble, all these things are so richly detailed.  While the story is the murder plot, the real beauty is how Kruger makes the town come alive and how he interweaves the personalities of war veterans, young boys, teenagers, women socialites, buisnessmen and general townspeople.  Krueger would have been 11 at the time this novel is set, and I suppose that much of the story comes off his vivid recollections of that time period.  I was born about the time of  this novel and grew up in the area to which this novel was set, and it is all  so, so familiar.  I don't think anyone else could have done it better.<br/><br/>Cons:  The murder mystery is a bit transparent, but the whodunnit plot is not the story.  Without doing a spoiler alert, I'll say that the structure concerning the Brandt boy should have been handled differently.  "That" would not have come to light in 1961.  The misdirection at the end is kind of bobbled...the final answer should have been obvious to the characters once the next to last piece slid in.  The story does take a bit to get started, but  relax and enjoy the description of the town while you're waiting.  I also fear that this may not translate well to those under the age of about 40 who don't really have a clear picture or recollection of what that time period was like.<br/><br/>Bottom Line:  Krueger may write another 50 books, but I think he'll be hard pressed to write another piece of "literature" as good as this.  I like vengance and explosions and exploration in my stories (OK, I'm a GUY...).  This doesn't have any of those things, yet Krueger managed to get me hooked and kept me hooked until the end.  I have over 200 book reviews on Amazon, and there are less than 5 that I would rate as a better complete package than "Ordinary Grace", maybe only a couple, and possibly only one.
 I first heard of this novel when it won the 2014 Edgar Award.  Calling Ordinary Grace a crime novel is a bit like calling To Kill A Mockingbird a legal thriller. Yes, there is a crime at the heart of the novel--several, actually--but this is a sprawling tale of a community in crisis in the summer of 1961, when five deaths ocurred in the small burg of New Bremin, MN. There are several sophisticated, compelling, flawed characters whose lives intersect in surprising ways.<br/><br/>I listened to the audiobook on a 12-drive and was completely caught up in the characters lives.  This book examines a lot of weighty themes--coming of age, dealing with loss and grief, confronting racism and prejudice, living with disabilities, coping with guilt, understanding the mystery of God's grace--but never at the expense of telling a clear and compelling story,<br/><br/>I was not awed by the ending, which is why I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5.  In the final analysis, there were a couple of coincidences and cliches that strained credibility.  However, I give this a strong recommendation
 A beautifully told story regarding the expected and unexpected difficulties that  weave themselves into the fabric that make up the lives of this family.  The day to day challenges and pranks of their son infuse this narration with a very honest and humorous reality and his adventures also provide a glimpse into the lives of the people who inhabit this small town. The inner life of their talented daughter--always an illusive one during her teenage years--becomes the epicenter of the main plot. Each and every page was fresh and interesting.The story is related through the memories of their son forty years later.
 Ordinary Grace is a novel that has been getting a lot of buzz, and since I tend to enjoy coming of age stories, I decided to give this one a try.  The story is narrated by Frank Drum, looking back at his youth in Bremen, Minnesota, in particular the summer of 1961 when Frank was just thirteen years old son.<br/><br/>Frank is the middle child, his older sister Ariel is eighteen and a talented pianist. She has a promising future in store, having been accepted at Julliard School of Music. Younger brother Jake, is eleven and suffers bullying and humiliation for his stuttering, an affliction which only seems to surface when he is outside of his home. Their father is a Methodist minister in town and their mother Ruth is unhappy in her role as the wife of a minister. Ruth is a woman who was a talented musician and thought she would be marrying a lawyer, but war changes people, and after Nathan returned from the war, he felt a calling toward religious life instead. His wife doesn't share a strong faith in God to do the right thing, especially when time and again bad things happen in life.<br/><br/>In this normally quiet town four deaths occur in that summer of 1961, the first one involving a developmentally disabled young boy along the train tracks, and shortly after, in the same area, a homeless man is also found dead. Two more deaths/murders follow and one in particular, changes this family forever.<br/><br/>Part mystery, part coming of age story, this was an enjoyable story that held my interest until the very end.  The characters were compelling, and the writing good, but I had an issue with the way Frank always seemed to be in just the right place to overhear critical conversations, yet I do understand with a story like this, that device might have been needed to move the story a long.  Despite this minor issue, Ordinary Grace is a worthwhile read.  The audio book was read by,  Rich Orlow, who did a great job.
 Ordinary Grace is a beautiful story, that touches upon coming of age, small town lives, grief, faith, prejudice, and tragedy. In many ways, this novel is much like a memoir, described by 40 year old Frank Drum as he looks back upon his 13 year old, self navigating the most tragic summer of his life. The summer was not only tumultuous for Frank, but his entire family and the town of New Bremen, Minnesota in 1961. The events that occur, beginning with the mysterious death of Frank’s 6 year old acquaintance Bobby Cole, and ending with the murder of Frank’s seventeen year old sister Ariel, disturb the foundation of everything the Drum family believed in. Their faith, love, values, and family dynamics are drastically refined, creating a period of disruption that forced young Frank to see the grace of God within his life, while learning the consequences of wisdom. With this wisdom, the lives of those close to Frank take on a different meaning, and his power to engage in their secrets and alter their paths grows more powerful with every risky eavesdrop he engages in. Perhaps his immaturity led to his discovery of such secrets, but as he realized how powerful the information he held was, and the consequences that came with it, the reader could see an obvious maturation occurring within him.<br/>Krueger displays racism at its most subtle as he introduces the man who Frank and his brother believe to be Bobby Cole’s murderer, a Native American. At that point, I was convinced I would love this insightful story, having just boarded my plane after service work on a Native American reservation. William Kent Krueger does an immaculate job of recreating this much simpler day in age, the 1960’s. He calls to mind the events that shaped many of the adults lives of that period, highlighting the aftermath of WWII and those who struggled to overcome their involvement in such violence and tragedy.<br/>Krueger explores emotion from each side of the spectrum, incorporating loss, love, anger, and grief into every character’s life. His message is clear as the events begin to unfold, and he develops his themes with clear prose that will resonate with any reader. Tragedy can tear any family apart, but the strength of love and trust between members can heal the scars that tragedy leaves. Faith, and the nature of which Krueger explores, is an ever changing dynamic. It can be lost, and regained, all the while, reminding you of your “ordinary graces.” I was moved to see the transformation in Frank, who has frequent bursts of anger about faith and at God, questioning why God would allow his innocent and faithful family to be struck by such tragedy. But, he then recognizes the ordinary graces within his life, ultimately coming to terms with God and his father’s undying faith. Additionally, Krueger adds the stereotypical atheist to the novel, Frank’s mother, who curses her minister husband Nathan as she publicly drinks and smokes. It left me wondering iif Krueger had experienced a similar struggle with faith.<br/>Although this novel was impactful, and beautifully written, there are perhaps a few aspects that some readers would find unappealing. It is reviewed as a mystery, however I would not recommend this book to someone looking for a gut-wrenching mystery filled with action and horror. The gut-wrenching aspect stems not from the action packed scenes, but from Frank’s gradual realization of the presence of God in his life, and our own inspiration to find our “ordinary graces.” If you are not looking for a thought provoking story as such, you would take more pleasure in picking up John Grisham.
 In small American towns in 1961, children were mostly unsupervised for long expanses of summer days.  There were acknowledged, although sometimes unobserved, boundaries of our exploration but there was independence and a surprising amount of safety.  We who lived those days were among the last to know that degree of freedom from adult supervision, grounded in a pretty solid foundation of what was right and wrong.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace is an elegy on that time and those places, when the world changes for two young brothers, their teenage sister headed for Julliard, their minister father and their musically gifted and nonconformist mother.  Death, unexplained, comes more than once to a town where people do not know each other quite as well as they thought.<br/><br/>Each of the characters is simply and truly wrought.  The setting comes alive.  These are people we former small town girls were raised with.  Joy and sorrow are deeply felt, and faith is strong, unwavering and shared.<br/><br/>Krueger is apparently primarily a mystery writer, one I had not read before.  I was surprised to read reviews where the readers seized on a central part of the plot as a mystery to be solved in a criminal justice sort of way.  To me, it is a somewhat holy mystery to prompt our thoughts about family, fidelity and heroism.
 I have read William Kent Krueger before and this one touched my heart. Ordinary Grace was a bit of a nostalgia trip as that is an area of the country I have lived in during the 60's.  The characters were endearing and vulnerable.  The story is told from the viewpoint of the thirteen year old son of a minister in southwestern Minnesota.  The whole book takes place in one unforgettable summer with a shadow of World War II hanging over three of the characters. Beautifully written with descriptive phrases that create a vivid picture.  He made me care very deeply about the characters and their struggles in making decisions that would have unknown ramifications for those they love and a town where everybody knows who you are.  I would highly recommend this book.
 I drove to my nearest family-owned bookstore recently and told them I needed a book to read for a very long trip to S. America. I told them my favorite authors and immediately the bibliophile clerk said, "You must discover William Krueger." She handed me Ordinary Grace and this book became my first by WK. Simply put, this story is a gift to us. It's pacing is perfect, its dialogue spare and crisp, and its fictional world is populated with people who will become your friends. It is rare that you discover a book that you hate to put down.  There is drama wed to wisdom -- there is an ease with matters of faith that (today) is admirable. I'm now looking for my second Krueger book to read.  I'm headed back to my local bookstore (Anderson's Books, Naperville, IL) for a recommendation.
 What a good novel is all about - will keep you reading and reading and will bring tears at the end. You can't ask for more in any book. I was thoroughly entranced by the story, plot, small town setting, characters (just fabulous!!) dialogue, ethical issues and message...shouldn't we all strive for some grace in our own lives and for those we touch. Not many books rate 5 stars but this one does and, without doubt, it deserves more national awards. Some of the pundits who rave about the many so-so novels should sit down and read this one...there is no comparison. If there is one weak link it may be the conversation between Julia Brandt and Ruth which I thought a bite contrived and soap opera-ish given the credibility of the tale and its unweaving. Yes, it is a coming of age story (another one for certain) but it is an original one for sure. Just about the BEST READ you will find anywhere, anytime.
 Ordinary Grace did not plummet me into the story of a boy struggling through life in the 1960's in Minnesota.  The story leaves too many unanswered questions concerning the many deaths that happened that summer of 1961.  The language of the story beautifully presents the world of Frank and his family, but too many events cloud the narrative.  Like many other authors, Krueger builds a descriptive narrative during the first half of the novel and then realizes that the story needs to end and the last half makes a mad dash for completion.  The female characters in the novel appear dreamlike and not made of bones and blood.  A safe, unmoving final chapter makes a feeble attempt to tie all loose ends.
 William Kent Krueger’s Ordinary Grace is a powerful novel that examines love, loss, and faith through the eyes of a teenage boy. During the summer of 1961, Frank Drum’s sister Ariel is murdered and the story reveals how he, his family, and his town react to this and other losses. Beginning with the mysterious murder of a quiet young boy, Bobby Cole, and ending with the disappearance and then murder of their beloved older sister, Frank and his stuttering brother Jake witness the tumult that death brings and learn to navigate the waters of pain and grief.<br/> Overall, I found this novel to be extremely compelling as it realistically displayed the emotions and reactions people go through during a loss. I was also very moved by the characters’ ability to find faith and love, specifically Frank’s father Nathan and even his brother Jake, in even the darkest of places. Nathan, who experienced pain and loss in World War II before the devastating summer, holds his faith very close to him and after the murder of his daughter, it is what keeps him grounded and sane. Similarly, Frank’s brother Jake, who has struggled with a stutter his entire childhood, finds hope and peace in faith. At a communal meal after his sister’s funeral, for example, Frank’s father is saying grace when Frank’s grieving mother interrupts, annoyed, asking why Nathan can’t just give an “ordinary grace?”. Breaking the silence, Jake delivers a beautifully spoken yet simple “ordinary grace" of just a few words. Jake’s “grace” here becomes a turning point for him and his grief but also for the rest of their family as they put their anger and pain aside to silently appreciate what they still have. Jake’s simple act speaks volumes to the theme of this book as it displays how far one act can go in times of such loss and pain. In the epilogue of the novel, it is revealed that Jake became a minister, illustrating the transformation Jake has made from a nervous, stuttering boy to a man who has found confidence through faith and acceptance.<br/> Krueger’s novel also reveals the dark side to pain and grief, and that when loss ensues, although some respond with grief, others act with anger and bigotry to justify that rage, illustrating that there is no right way to act after a devastating loss. I think this is a very important part of the book because grief is not all simple acts of grace and love: there is profound resentment and unanswerable anger. Krueger clearly demonstrates this point through Nathan’s wife Ruth and her reactions to the injustice that has been brought to her daughter. Ruth’s anger towards Nathan and her refusal to accept Nathan’s commitment to his faith while grieving demonstrates how deep a parent’s love for their child is and the unbearable pain that accompanies the loss of one. Ruth is going through an unbelievably horrific loss and she is so hurt, justifiably so, that she leaves her family temporarily to stay with her parents. I think this is necessary to the plot because it displays the different ways people feel and react to pain. Similarly, many people in Frank’s town, and even Frank himself, blame a Native American man for murdering his sister with very little evidence. The people in Frank’s town feel so much pain from the loss of two children that their prejudices interfering with their judgement, they make false and hurtful accusations. Krueger’s decision to include this aspect illustrates how accusations of this nature occur constantly in today’s world. Innocent people, who are often pariahs because of bigotry, are accused of horrific crimes solely for their race, religion, or socioeconomic status: people long for someone to blame because they think it will heal their pain. Ruth and the rest of Frank’s town discover that it is the “ordinary graces” or simple acts of kindness that bring them peace in their time of pain and that hate and prejudices only bring more suffering. In the end, the truth about Ariel’s murder is much more complicated than just the name of her murderer, which I believe reveals that both life and death have their complications,nothing is ever black and white, but the most ordinary acts of kindness and love can bring clarity and peace to anyone.
 Frank, the main character, now 40 years old, reflects back to the summer of 1961 when he was thirteen-years-old. Set in a small Minnesota town where Frank's father is a Methodist minister, the story begins with the death of a young boy on the railroad tracks and soon after a homeless man is found dead in that same vicinity and then Frank's sister is missing. That summer a special bond develops between Frank and his younger brother, Jake. Jake stutters and is self-conscious and yet at times, he does not stutter at all. There is something special about Jake, in my opinion, a goodness that nothing can erase. I saw in Nathan Drum ,Frank and Jake's father, that same sort of goodness.  In fact he brought to mind Atticus Finch, the father in To Kill a Mockingbird. Ruth Drum, the boy's mother is a gifted musician, a woman who is not wholly a believer, a woman who smokes and doesn't care who sees her, a woman unsuited it would seem for a minister's wife.  One reviewer said "The book is filled with the genuine, often flawed characters that inhabit most small towns."  I smiled at the use of "small towns" for those characters live in every town and hamlet and city in the world, endless fodder for the storyteller.  And all of us, whatever our flaws, are on a journey through life, a life often rocked by events so devastating we think we can not go on and yet we do, often in those worst of times we are touched by an ordinary grace that lifts us up so we can go on and even be happy again.  I loved, loved, loved this story.<br/>Eunice Boeve, author of The Summer of the Crow
 This was a rather extraordinary book. It was painful, as it deals with the murder of children. That is never fun. However the dynamics and intricacies the author has woven into the fabric of this small town are moving, relatable, heart-rending. The story is shared through the eyes of a young boy and his little brother. Interesting to read about the psyche of a boy, reaching for rights of passage, while still dipping a toe in the pools of innocence - watching him twirl through his anger, confusion, pain, fear and preteen belligerence. There were a few mysteries to unravel, which i usually can do about halfway through. This was a rare book that stumped me until the last dozen pages. A solid ending, unexpected, appreciated. We have military men with PTSD, Native Americans, rivers, railroads, stuttering, sex, soda counters, eaves dropping pipes in the church basement, gay revelations and women underwear. Yes, thinking on it as i write this, a very well written book indeed. I recommend it.
 This is a book that you could read more than once; questions are already bubbling up from the recesses of my brain and heart; what do I think about the title of the book, for example, "Ordinary Grace"?  How does that relate to God and what is awful Grace?  How are some of the characters moving from ordinary and worldly standards of living to a more elevated and Godlike existence?  How were they changed by the awful events of the summer of '61?  How was their response to tribulation crafted, evoked, or revealed?  This story reminds me of "Christy" and other authentic tales.  History is the backdrop, geography and nature are the catalysts, and human nature is both earthy and Divine.  Thank you, Krueger.  I look forward to reading other works from your hand.
 For fans of Mr. Krueger's Corky O'Connor books, this is a major shift.  Although it could be classified as a mystery, the mystery is a minor part of the book.  Rather, it is a lyrical examination of a family's tortured summer of 1961.  Death is rampant in the little Minnesota town and the narrator - 13 year old Frank - is in the middle of it.  Although the narrator is writing looking back from forty years in the future, this is, by no means, a mere coming of age book.<br/><br/>So, it's not mystery and not a coming of age book.  So what is it?  It is a lyrical look at lives in the midst of heart-wrenching events.  It addresses raw emotion without going over the top; faith and loss of faith without sap.  It is an intimate view of a family, their friends and a small town in good times and bad.<br/><br/>The characters are excellent and unique as they would have to be to pull off a book like this.  They all have pasts that reflect on and influence the present.  In short, they have lives.<br/><br/>This is a difficult book categorize.  I will say it is true literature and would be great fodder for book clubs.  It will make the reader think, maybe cry, probably laugh and - best of all - empathize.  A book with death and murder that is emotion packed without being maudlin is a tight rope Mr. Krueger navigates well.<br/><br/>Perhaps the best thing I can say is that this is the best book I have read in a long time.  This is also a book that can be equally enjoyed by men and women and possibly mature teens.
 It took a chapter or two to hook me in- there were some elements of faith that made me wonder if I was going to be preached to.  Not the case!  This is a beautiful book about a family whose lives are guided by events far beyond their control.  It's also a great murder mystery, and you'll keep guessing right to the end.<br/><br/>The author has created compelling characters, and thankfully avoids rose colored sentimentality while raising familiar questions of good and evil in a story of how a family struggles with tragedy.
 A beautifully told story of a family living in New Bremen during 1961 experiencing some good times along with heartaches that somehow appear unexpectedly on the door step of most individuals.  Told from the perspective of a young boy Frank Drum, 13 years old, who has much on his shoulders as he strives to do the right thing, but not always succeeding.  Frank loves many things in his life including his younger brother Jake who stutters most of time and he tries his best to protect him from the bullying of others. The writing is exceptional as each chapter unfolds with several heart warming scenes as well as the sorrow of lives lost that will touch many in this small town in Minnesota.  Winner of several awards, it was a poignant magical book and recommended to all readers.
 It's 1961 in New Bremen, Minnesota, and Frank Drum is 13 years old. He has a little brother, Jake, who stutters; his father is Methodist minister Nathan Drum; and his mother, Ruth, who grew up in New Bremen, often says she didn't sign on to be a minister's wife. She married Nathan when he was a law student, and then had to deal with the changed man who came back to her after combat service in World War II. Ruth also has to deal with Gus, Nathan's war buddy who lives in the church basement and gets by on odd jobs around town. Ruth's favorite child is Frank and Jake's older sister, Ariel, who has inherited Ruth's musical gifts. At 18, Ariel is planning to attend Julliard in the fall. Meanwhile, she contiues to study with piano virtuoso Emil Brandt, who was once Ruth's sweetheart and who is now a blind, scarred war veteran, living isolated in a house provided by his wealthy family with his deaf and possibly mad sister for company.<br/><br/>The summer of '61 begins with a death on the railroad trestle, when a train strikes a simple minded boy named Bobby. Not long after that, Frank and Jake discover a transient lying dead under the same trestle. The town suspects that a local Native American family's visiting uncle may be to blame; and later on, when Ariel Drum doesn't come home from a party, the suspicion centers on this man even more.<br/><br/>This novel revolves around faith and secrets, and even by its end we don't know all of those secrets; nor does Frank, the narrator, who's looking back on the events from 40 years later. What we do know, though, is what Frank discovers that summer: how the awful grace of God operates in human lives, and how it changes them.<br/><br/>I have enjoyed all of William Kent Krueger's Cork O'Connor mysteries, and Cork's often tested and sometimes lapsing Roman Catholic faith always plays a vital role in those books. In this standalone novel, though, Krueger really comes into his own as a novelist dealing with spiritual themes in a totally realistic, completely human way. I simply loved it. The writing is vivid, the characters well drawn, and the story flows so naturally that the ending when it comes seems inevitable. More like this one, please!<br/><br/>--Reviewed by Nina M. Osier, author of 2005 science fiction EPPIE winner "Regs"
 "And whether you believe in miracles or not, I can guarantee that you will experience one. It may not be the miracle you've prayed for. God probably won't undo what's been done. The miracle is this: that you will rise in the morning and be able to see again the startling beauty of the day."<br/><br/>I hesitate to begin this review with the evaluation of the religious moorings of this book. I think it will appeal to many people, Christian or not, but one of my favorite parts of this book was hearing Frank's father reconcile his faith with the world around him. It was done so well, and even though Frank's father is a minister, it never felt preachy or heavy-handed. While this is maybe only a small part of the book, it was my favorite part and the thing that most stands out to me now, weeks later.<br/><br/>The story is narrated by Frank Drum and chronicles a life-changing summer in a small town in Minnesota. There are four deaths this summer, some closer to home than others, and yet all affect Frank and his family in a different way. There's Jake, Frank's younger brother, who is sweet and smart but has a stutter. And of course Ariel, the lively and loved older sister who is heading to Juliard in the Fall. As the family dynamics shift and change, Frank's father finds ways to keep them together.<br/><br/>Really, this read almost like a small town mystery that was incredibly character driven. It reminded me a lot of Rob Reiner's Stand by Me (the movie, not Stephen King's The Body, which is very different) in part because of the coming-of-age aspect and in part because of the mystery and in part because there is an older boy who is the bully of the town. If you liked that movie, I think you will like this book.<br/><br/>My only real problem with the book was that the pacing was a little slow at times; although, I think that contributed to the sleepy feel of the town that we are supposed to get. Also, Frank's first person narration didn't always work. Since he was a kid at the time, usually when anything important was revealed, Frank was eavesdropping and not actually a part of the scene. This was a flaw in the choice of narrative voice, I think, but I'm not sure it would have been a better book told from any other POV.
 Ordinary Grace, by William Kent Krueger, delivers a poignant account of a young boy and his family discovering how to survive after death plagues their small town of New Bremen, Minnesota.  During that one fatal summer of 1961, adolescent brothers Frank and Jake discover death in the form of suicide, murder, accident, and natural.  Although written in the first person, Ordinary Grace does not fail to portray secondary characters’ emotions, especially in the case of Jake.  Krueger allows Jake, the younger of the two brothers, to live vicariously through Frank, allowing the reader to feel the unique experience of witnessing two main characters while still maintaining the emotional bond one has with the primary narrator, Frank.  This is evident when Jake reluctantly follows Frank down to the river to go exploring, discovering the first death of the novel.  Jake fights Frank, but his loyalty is shown as Frank says, “But my brother would not desert me and I stumbled down the bank Jake stumbled after me”.  Although simple in prose, it is ultimately due to Ordinary Grace’s sense of intimacy that its sense of realism is apparent.  The characters in Ordinary Grace feel real feelings, experience the reality of death, and react as we all do, in ways as individual as we are human.  Ruth, Frank’s mother, shuts herself out, Nathan, Frank’s father, turns to his faith, and both Frank and Jake try to make sense of the adult matters that are suffocating their innocence.  Because the reader becomes engulfed in Frank’s mind, private thoughts such as “Loss, once it’s become a certainty, is like a rock you hold in your hand...You can use it to beat yourself or you can throw it away” are conveyed, adding to the realism and intimacy Ordinary Grace delivers.  These characters reflect real people, going through real problems, and although not perfect, their actions and reactions are utterly human.<br/> In addition to the realistic plot line, Krueger’s use of vivid imagery is undoubtedly magical.  This is especially the case with music, something that proves to center the lives of the simple New Bremen’s townsfolk.  As Frank compares his sister Ariel’s piano virtuoso to “fingers shaping the music every bit as magnificently as God shaped the wings of butterflies”, Krueger’s imagery shows that music proves to be an escape for the characters, music that offers New Bremen the magic it needs in trying times.  Imagery also delivers a personal touch to the novel.  Through vivid descriptions like “silver bolts of lightning forged on the anvil of the great thunderhead”, Krueger’s imagery transports us to a timeless, terrifying weather day we’ve all experienced.<br/>Ordinary Grace, a bildungsroman, shares many parallels with Harper Lee’s To Kill a Mockingbird, so if you are a Harper Lee fan, definitely give Ordinary Grace a read!  Both novels deal with loss of innocence and show an overwhelming psychological growth, all while sharing the same small town vibe.  Overall, Ordinary Grace is a compelling read, offering a sense of closeness between reader and protagonist and reiterating the essential verity that death does not have to kill spirit as well.
 Ordinary Grace is a lyrical evocation of a time (1961) and a place (small town America). I was a child in 1961, and when I entered the world William Kent Krueger created, everything was utterly familiar to me; there were no false notes. This book is also a marvelous coming-of-age tale reminiscent of classics like To Kill a Mockingbird or Stand by Me. Frank Drum begins as a typical teenage boy who might be in trouble a bit more than he should, but as the summer progresses, he finds himself trying to make sense of the adult world of lies and secrets that he's been thrust right in the middle of.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace is also a strong mystery. Frank and anyone who picks up this book wants to know who is responsible for that summer's deaths. As Frank learns more and more from his talent for being a fly on the wall, he suddenly wants to stop sneaking around to learn things and to be treated as an adult instead. As this summer of tragedy and wisdom and grace flows from one day to the next, Frank sees the members of his family in a new and more understanding light, and he is forever changed-- as are readers who have been caught in the spell of this beautiful and powerful book. Highly recommended!
 Life can change drastically in just one season. This is the epitome of William Kent Kreuger's "Ordinary Grace," a novel concerning a middle-aged man, Frank Drum, who is reflecting back on the formative summer of his thirteenth year in New Bremen, Minnesota, in 1961. Despite the passage of forty years, Frank narrates the story in the first person, relating it through the eyes of his teenage self. Frank is a typical boy with an eleven-year-old brother, Jake, who stutters, and an older sister Ariel who is planning to attend Julliard. His father, Nathan, is a solemn but kind-hearted Methodist minister, and his mother Ruth is somewhat of a rebel because of her smoking habit and her casual disregard for appearances and for her husband's religion.<br/><br/>The summer of 1961 is scarred by death, beginning with that of young Bobby Cole and soon hitting close to home, and they all occur at the railroad trestle. Whether they are related and whether they are accidents or intentional forms part of the novel's mystery, and the story bears a haunting aura throughout. However, "Ordinary Grace" is moreover a coming-of-age story, a novel of maturation and discovery. Frank encounters the town bully and, by witnessing various events, steps out of the carefree innocence of youth and begins to comprehend adulthood and universal issues such as justice, bigotry, mental health, and forgiveness, experiencing "the terrible price of wisdom" and "the awful grace of God" along with a touch of the miraculous.<br/><br/>This novel contains adult language, although it is not presented in a disrespectful manner but rather matter-of-factly as an accurate conveyance of the characters' feelings and emotions. The lack of proper punctuation, especially commas, is initially disconcerting but resembles stream-of-consciousness style to some degree and enhances the reader's experience of Frank's thoughts. The first one-third to one-half of the novel moves rather slowly, but once the climax is reached the story becomes more intriguing, and the revelations which come to light make "Ordinary Grace" a novel to remember and consider after the last page is turned.
 Frank, a thirteen year old on the cusp of manhood, is the main character in William K Krueger's book "Ordinary Grace." On its surface it is a tale of death - a murder, an accident, in war, stupidly or deliberately done, of age or illness. On a much deeper level it is the story of a family, the love that binds them together and the faith that sustains them.  This is not an explicitly "Christian" book and yet you will finish the book and know why faith is and what it is.<br/>Krueger uses words in wonderful and unique ways to evoke a time and place that will live with you long after you finish reading this book.  His description of a mother's sorrow is expressed "She was flesh without spirit, eyes without sight" (page 182) and setting sun "was caught in the branches of the trees and the light across the lawns was yellow-orange and broken (page 133).<br/>This is a lovely book. Now that I have finished it, I want to read it again - only slowly so I can savor each word.  His writing is believable. You know that is just what each character would say or do or think. His metaphors and similes are precise and unique and exactly right, yet they do not make think "oh, he learned that lesson on metaphor well." Instead you are simply lost in the time, the place and the character.
 This cover is beautiful!  I'm a big fan of hardcover books so I enjoyed reading this book.  I liked the issues that came up with this book and the angle in which William Kent Krueger explored throughout these pages.<br/><br/>I liked how forgiveness and revenge was brought up when we had been touched by the murder of someone we love.  Our natural desire is revenge, but by the grace of God we can truly forgive.  I liked Frank and the relationships the family had with each other and how strong their bond was.<br/><br/>The only thing that I didn't like about this book was that it included some adult language.  I don't like reading books with language in it because it's the one thing I feel like I don't have to censor.  With that said, the language wasn't disrespectful in nature, but I just don't see the need in expressing yourself in that way.  It's my own opinion and it only took away some of my view of the book.  It probably will not even be a factor to most.  With that issue aside, this book was very interesting and it definitely flowed and the story captured my attention.<br/><br/>_____________<br/><br/>I received this book from the publishers in exchange for my honest opinion of this book.
 I would give ten stars if possible. The son of a preacher recounts events that took place 40 years ago, during the summer of 1961 when he was 13 years old. Death visits that summer in many forms, teaching Frank and his younger brother Jake many life lessons. Eloquently told, highly recommended. This is a story that will stay with me for a long time, and has found a place on my list of all time favorites.
 Originally published on my blog at TheRelentlessReader.blogspot.com<br/><br/>Who doesn't adore a good coming of age tale? I do, especially when it's done right. This was done more than right.<br/><br/>Followers of this blog might know that I'm not a big book buyer. There is no way I could afford to sustain my reading habit. I bought this because I'd been hearing wonderful things and because the author is visiting my local indie bookstore at the end of this month. I'm so glad that I did.<br/><br/>The setting of this novel warmed my heart. Small town Minnesota, so similar to my own small town Wisconsin upbringing. Of course I felt a connection there, even if I did grow up a couple of decades after these boys.<br/><br/>I felt a connection to the characters as well. Frank...oh Frank. One day his biggest adventure is peeking at his neighbor's undergarments on her clothesline. Soon he is facing things that are hard for adults to handle. His younger brother Jake was wonderful. This sweet boy with a stutter made my heart ache.<br/><br/>There were times while reading this that I had a painful lump in my throat. There were also times that I couldn't help but smile until my face ached. This book was an absolute blessing to read and I'm proud to have it on my shelf.
 A wonderful coming of age tale with death, sex, religion and big time family issues.  It takes place in summer in the small town New Bremen, Minnesota in 1961, the first year of the Minnesota Twins.  Two brothers and their older sister live across the street from the church where their father is the pastor.  Their mother hates that fact that she is a minister's wife and the family is in turmoil most of the time.  The boys get into some close calls, the sister has BIG issues and mom pretends to be righteous throughout the entire story, while Dad has to be the backbone of the town through many traumatic issues.
 I finished this book in two days. Fast, easy read, and yet what depth. The story is told by Frankie, a 13 year old, who spends a summer learning wisdom through tragedy. His story envelops New Brennan, a small town in MN in the 1960s. The main characters are Frank, his brother, his minister father, his artistic and musical mom and sister, his father's WWII friend Gus and then various community members (i.e. his sister's boyfriend, his mom's ex-fiance and resident famous composer, the town's police force members, local Native Americans, etc.). At the heart of this story is "Why does God allow tragedies to take place?" as well as the beautiful relationship between Frank and his younger brother, struggling with a stutter and the related cruelties of others.<br/><br/>It's hard to say *why* exactly this book is so wonderful... I haven't given another book 5 stars in a VERY long time. I must say that this book made me cry when it described Frank's Dad's sermon after a family tragedy. And the relationships between various characters are simply beautiful. I had to pay money to keep the book late from the library and it was worth every penny. Absolutely beautiful story.
 Maybe because I am the son of a minister and I grew up in a small town in Minnesota this book had a natural touchstone for me.  The search for spiritual meaning in the wake of so much death for a this young boy just entering puberty was especially moving for me.  I rarely have listened to books on tape but the way this one was voiced really brought the characters to life. The descriptions of the Minnesota River Valley were vivid and brought back boyhood memories of hot Minnesota summers. I don't want to go into detail of the events the author described as that would ruin the book for the reader.  But the way the human family finds connection, love, trust and spirit are core elements to this book. It is also the story of a boy on the journey of figuring out what it truly means to be a man. I would highly recommend this book and if you have a long commute to work get this taped version--it makes the ride go very fast.
 I really enjoyed this book as a slice-of-life story. Although I lived in another part of the country, I was about the same age as the main character and identified with that time period when we safely roamed through the neighborhoods, walked everywhere, explored any nearby woods, used our imaginations to try to understand "mysterious" goings-on, and tried to figure out the world around us, often by quietly listening to others. I think the author brought to life some intriguing, complex, and loving characters.
 Ordinary Grace is the winner of this year's Edgar Award - presented by and to mystery writers,  and as far as I'm concerned, it's obvious why.  This is the story of two adolescent boys coming of age in a small town in Minnesota.  Unfortunately they learn many of life's lessons the hard way, through personal loss and death.<br/><br/>Krueger's characters are well developed.  You can picture Frankie and Jake running around the streets of New Bremen and sneaking into the basement of their father's church to eavesdrop by pulling the newspapers out of the furnace vent.  The tension in  the family house is palpable after the family experiences a great loss and I can see Ruth, the mother, smoking like a chimney in the shade-drawn living room.<br/><br/>What isn't obvious as the novel opens is that this is going to be a mystery which the two brothers will solve.  The setting and the characters are very credible and believable.  It's a story of an ordinary saying of grace that reunites a family, but along the way it's a story of many extraordinary graces of forgiveness and helping others.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this novel enormously and highly recommend it.
 While I thought that the writing was well done, I didn't necessarily find the book as compelling as many other readers seem to have found it. There were some literary devices used that I didn't feel were necessary. At the beginning of the book, when the mother was trying to write, she had to finish a sentence with "like a..." For the next twenty or so pages, I was so painfully aware of every time the actual author used that that I almost put down the book.<br/><br/>The first two deaths were run through too quickly. I thought the twist at the end of the book (i.e. the killer) was well done, though the other "twist" was fairly obvious.
 “I generally played a little fast and loose with my resources but I figured hell, a man’s reach should exceed his grasp, especially in a stupid board game.”<br/><br/>oh my! the great American novel. I LOVED. this book. the writing is flawless, the story is told to perfection. the characters were perfect. this book brought me to 1961.<br/><br/>small American town, a family, a summer people will talk about for the rest of their lives. there is so much detail to this story, but it flows so naturally. everyone is intertwined and involved in at least 1 of the tragic events of the summer.
 Boring and pointless. What do the first two deaths have to do with the story? Karl, Lise, Emil, Ariel and Jake can all be interesting characters. But the author, did not give them any depth. Only interested in setting up suspense, he brought in to many irrelevant people and events Even the narrator seems so faceless and bland. If there is any grace in the story, I have not noticed it. I am glad I did not buy it. I checked out the library copy. But the time I spent reading this book is a total waste.
 ..how true it is, just one breath away..<br/>Thoughtful and philosophical, the story runs well  presenting mystery and surprizes. All this earns four stars. But the fifth star is for something hard to describe. I have not read "The Body" by Stephen King, but I saw the movie. Who knows, perhaps "Ordinary Grace" is better, or may be not. One thing for sure - it will stay in your memory. Like this from it: "It seems....that when you look back at life, yours or another's, what you see is a path that weaves into and out of deep shadow. So much is lost. What we use to construct the past is what has remained  in the open, a hodgepodge of fleeting glimpses. Our history are structures built of toothpicks"
 I've not read any of his other books, so won't be comparing this to them.  This is a story of a summer in a small town in rural Minnesota where a series of horribly tragic events happen, changing forever the lives of those who survived.  There is faith, love, prejudice, racism, sexism, handicapism, tolerance, acceptance, rejection -- all the human emotions one would expect in a group of people whose lives are interconnected in voluntary and involuntary ways. The pace is deliberately slow, evoking the hot Minnesota summer of discontent, sorrow, shock and loss -- and a reawakening of spirit.  While there is a strong thread of Christian faith here, it is not forced or pushed into your face (as happens with too many Christian novels these days).  Here faith is simply part of the lives of some characters -- but certainly not all, and an acceptance of those who are not faithful.  A beautifully told story that will stay with me for a long time.  I highly recommend it.
 I admit it.  I am a sucker for coming of age stories and this one did not disappoint.  I came to care about Frank, the narrator , very much and to appreciate the way he saw and held the members of his family and his community.  It was a privilege to walk with this 13 year old as he attempted to sort out the details of a summer of death .  I came to care about not only Frank, but his younger brother Jake.  Their father was the rock who held the family together and their mom was the lightening rod who carried the pain.  Family friend Gus was the one I wanted to to out and have a beer with.  The best part of the story was the epilogue where things come together and, somehow, we see the wisdom of the universe.  I highly recommend this book.
 When I do a review of a book, I am always afraid of giving something away.<br/><br/>I absolutely adored this book.  I won it on Goodreads.  I do not know that I would have sought the book out otherwise, and I am so grateful that I won it as I would have missed a truly wonderful reading experience.<br/><br/>The characters were alive to me immediately upon meeting them.  I did not have to wander through the book trying to guess who they were or how they were going to act.  I had a relationship with them from the beginning.<br/><br/>The circumstances of the book felt real, not far reaching or put upon.  I hated some of the things that happened to some of the people, but I understood them.<br/><br/>I was in love with Frank Drum from the beginning and never once changed that opinion.  I was even more in love with his little brother.<br/><br/>Sometimes in reading, I smiled as a turn of phrase would appeal to me, and near the end of the book, I cried out loud, real tears.  All for good reason.  It is not often that a book can elicit that type of emotion, and I loved it for that.<br/><br/>The writing is phenomenal.  I love it all.<br/><br/>Read this book!!!!
 This book will go on my short list of all-time favorites.  The writing is poetic, the characters are real and sympathetic, the story is riveting.  It has everything.  There are three deaths--one murder, one death by natural causes, and one that might be suicide or accidental.  There's an imperfect but ultimately strong marriage, there are two boys on the cusp of adolescence trying to make sense of their world and how they fit in it,  There are mysteries and real-life concerns--any serious reader will love this book.  I don't always see it in the Christian section in a book store, but it has strong Christian elements.  It's not preachy or sappy like most Christian fiction, it's just true to life and excellent in every way.  I can't wait for the sequel.
 This was a really good read.  It tells a coming of age story with sensitivity and captures the essence of a young boy just beginning to understand some of the intricacies of relationships between and among family members and the larger community.  You will be surprised when you find out how the title came about, but then there is a larger meaning than the incident which inspired it.  I am going to suggest it for my book club as I think it would lend itself to good discussion.  I am quite conservative in giving 5 stars, so for me a 4 star recommendation is an excellent recommendation!
 Hmmm… I struggled with this rating. I enjoyed the book, but felt somehow disconnected from the characters throughout the novel’s entirety. There was little emotion, despite the turn of events; and even when the main mystery commenced, there was little substance. This may have been due to the fact that it was quite easy to determine "whodunit", and therefore, a sense of anticipation so often enjoyed in mysteries, was never cultivated. I’m guessing the author was attempting to write a simple literary novel, but seemed, instead, to fall back into the familiar territory of his popular murder mysteries. Therefore, this led to a novel that was somewhere in the middle of the two genres.<br/><br/>Also, although this novel was written in first-person narrative, it was explained in the past tense, lending to it, a flaccid quality. In other words, at no point does the reader feel as though they’re in the middle of the action, but merely reflecting upon the events of the past. In some ways, that method produces a very nostalgic memoir, allowing us to relive the narrator’s experience right along with him. However, it lent a bit of dullness to situations that could have otherwise, been chock-full of drama.<br/><br/>Overall, however, it was still an engaging novel, and one that did keep me interested for the most part.
 Every so often we encounter a book that reaches into the depths of our soul and forces us to pause in reevaluation of our life. William Kent Krueger’s Ordinary Grace has this ineluctable effect on those fortunate enough to read it. This novel portrays Frank Drum, a young boy, caught somewhere between adolescence and adulthood, and his coming of age journey as he comes face to face with death several times during a summer he will never forget. In the story, Frank deals with the deaths of an innocent, young boy; a stranger; a close relative; and a family friend. The author laces each page with unforeseen mystery and twists that leaves the reader hastily flipping to the next page. Krueger portrays innovating, well developed characters that captivate us with their complexity and singularity. He takes us on a poignant expedition as we watch the characters navigate through loss, suffering, betrayal, and mystery. In doing this, Krueger’s readers learn that in light of our encounters with death throughout our lives: we have the choice to give under the pressure of its travail or to ponder and embrace our new reality. Krueger reveals this choice to us, little by little, as we read of each death, natural and unnatural, and evaluated each character’s response. By the end of the novel, having read of several casualties, the reader has a clear understanding of death’s inevitability and universality.<br/> Overall, this novel was captivatingly beautiful. Its aspects of mystery, surprise, and darkness kept me from putting it down. Krueger developed his characters vividly, expressed his purpose auspiciously, and successfully makes his readers pause in reconsideration of everything they thought they knew of life, love, and death. I especially enjoyed watching Frankie grow, even in such a short period of time, mentally and, eventually, in his faith after his most personal encounter with death. The juxtaposition between the reactions to death of Nathan Drum, a minister, and Ruth Drum, his troubled wife, was as riveting as it was surprising. The beauty of Krueger’s prose drew me in from the first page, holding my attention until the last. Krueger’s combined use of foreshadowing and mystery had me envisioning the future turn of events. This novel is unique, special, poignant, and unforgettable, proving to be a real treasure in its unordinary grace for all who read.
 Told from a young boy’s perspective while growing up in a small town, this is a remarkable insight into families, death, and adult relationships. The different and unique ways that this boy finds out about happenings and his concept of these revelations show an ability to understand the psyche of a child. The child’s relationship with his younger brother starts out ordinary, but because of the extraordinary circumstances they come to be involved with, that relationship also takes on a new meaning. The family is riddled with birth defects with adds issues in over coming them which also adds issues to the story. While reading this book, I could pull some of these characters out of my past. There is a lesson to be learned as we walk or stride through life and in the end ordinary grace saves the day.
 I don't give 5 stars unless the story is outstanding in several ways. This book meets my criteria. It's well-written, moves along -- not much fluff, and has characters that represent many different kinds of traits -- as real life does, and keeps me engaged during the early morning hours. Several times I couldn't turn the pages fast enough to find out what was going to happen: the set-up for a tragic event that might or might not happen. Another factor in my star rating is whether I would read the author again. I would read William Kent Krueger again.
 Ordinary Grace is one of those books you get into and it won't let go.  At first I was not sure I wanted the narrator to be a 13 year old boy.  But the story teller was a grown man describing  events of a summer looking back at his youthful adventures.  The story was beautifully told, honest to a fault, and visually enchanting.<br/>His family, the father's friend and the town's characters were fully developed and yet there was a feeling of dread almost from the opening that the story was going to develop into events that would affect all of them.  One of my favorite books of the year.  One I am raving about to my friends.  No spoilers from me, an excellent story.
 One of my favorite books in a long time. Beautifully written. I loved how the author developed all of the characters, and I got a true sense of small mid-western place, time, and mentality.<br/>The main character, Frank, is a thirteen year old boy faced with a summer of tragedy. The book manages to pull profound "grace" and human spirit through Frank's experience. Frank does this through his eavesdropping and interactions with the other flawed, but very real characters: his minister father, his sometimes distant mother, his stuttering younger brother, his extremely talented and kind older sister, the gentle (alcoholic) war buddy rescued by his dad, and the typical neighborhood thugs and fixtures.<br/>This book is indeed a "coming of age" novel, and it is most definitely a mystery as well, but the suspense is not filled with fluff, it is filled with lovely observations of the beauty and tragedy of everyday life.
 I can accept that other people seem to find this novel a compelling read, however, my experience was grimacing at awkward high school writing class metaphors, trite characters, ludicrous dialogue, stereotyping, and implausible actions in a 1961 setting that the author strains to get right with sudden lurches into topical product placement. There is a strange lack of suspense for a mystery award winning book, with an even stranger unsatisfying attempt to give it all a sentimentally religious bit of meaning. Despite the author's efforts to have deep feelings described throughout the book, they come across as arbitrary, obvious, and false. Rapidly forgettable.
 At first I thought the book was going to be too basic and not complex enough.  But, as I progressed into the book I developed an attachment to one of the characters.  It turned out to be more complex than originally thought - focusing on one character and then another.  The religious aspect of the writing was sweet - almost too much at one point, but then again taking a dive into reality.  I found it was actually refreshing to read a book about good, kind people - some who had flaws, and some who didn't.
 An enjoyable quasi-murder mystery, quasi-Bildungsroman set along a river and railroad in a rural Minnesota community in the summer of 1961. With its 14-year-old preacher's son as protagonist, this tale called in me reflections of growing up in a small town, and how the mind either magnifies or trivializes the memories of our youth. As I read it, I also contemplated the role of religion in coming of age, the bonds between siblings, and, to a somewhat lesser degree, whites' relations with American Indians, racism, suicide and bigotry toward those who are "different," specifically, based on deafness, race, sexuality, blindness, and physical deformities.<br/><br/>In other words, the book is loaded, but in a really good way.<br/><br/>Much to recommend here.
 One of the best "small town Americana"/murder mystery/coming of age novels I have ever read. The characters are impeccably drawn; the settings are believable, especially if you grew up in a small or smallish town in the mid 1900s. My husband figured some things out before the end but I didn't because my brain was being drawn in so many directions. The 5 deaths in one summer propel the storyline with twists and turns galore. The author says he used "everything he has ever learned about storytelling" in this novel, and it shows!
 This is a coming of age book as much as a mystery novel. It's told 40 years in retrospect by Frank Drum who was 13 years old during the summer of 1961 when his family lived in New Bremen, Minnesota. During those summer months his world is shaken, turned upside down as he faces choices and decisions that would confound many adults, let alone a young boy. These tragic experiences shape the man he becomes and his retelling has a profound affect on your attitudes and assumptions about the many levels of human frailty. A book worthy of its high accolades.
 A wonderful read! This has some religious aspects to it but overall you don't have to be a religious person to enjoy this book. All the characters - especially the main ones- were full of life. I felt like a knew them all and wanted to meet some of them. The story felt like a coming of age but it had so much more to offer. An amazing read-- not a roller coaster ride but defiantly will keep making some sharp turns you didn't see coming. Not your typical mystery novel; a narrative with a satisfying ending.
 I read this book on the recommendation of a friend and I'm so glad I did.  This book is so well written and so full of life that you join the story.  It is a sad story but it is also an ordinary story.  And by that what I mean is it is about things that can truly happen in a town.  The author shows you a character and then hints that there is more to that character than said.  Telling it from a young boy's point of view shows you more emotions and feelings than you would ordinarily see.  I highly recommend you read this book.
 An extraordinary,  extra graceful  coming-of-age novel.  Beautifully written, with well developed characters and an interesting story line.  This novel is set in a small town in the early 1960s along a river in Minnesota, and retells the events of one remarkably difficult summer, as seen and told through the eyes of an adolescent boy transitioning from child to adult.  It was a moving, great read.  This book reminded me of the movie Stand By Me.  Highly recommended for the picky reader who wants to read a well crafted piece.  It  should be a movie.
 Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger.<br/><br/>The story is told to us by Frank Drum 40 years after that fateful summer. Now an adult, Frank, reflects back on his introduction to death. Death entered his life in many forms-murder, suicide, accidental and natural causes. The summer Frank was thirteen death came without warning and changed his life forever. The fact is with the death of Frank's sister, Arielle, every member of Frank's family changed some for the worse and one for the better.<br/><br/>The narrator of this CD, Rich Orlow, captured the voice of an adult Frank Drum and made listening to this book all the more realistic.<br/><br/>This was an extraordinary story and one that shouldn't be missed.
 Halfway through the book I predicted everything that was going to come. While the writing was awkward at times, there were parts of the book that were quite beautiful and poetic, but by the end it was torture waiting for the narrator to put all the pieces together. It was so completely predictable that the respect I had for the  writing in the first half of the book fizzled out by the end. And Jake's response to the murderer at the end wasn't beautiful or noble, but just downright perverse.
 I really enjoyed Ordinary Grace even if the mystery wasn't too hard to figure out.<br/>Frank is a young man on the verge of becoming a teenager in the summer of 1961 in New Bern (sp?) Minnesota. His father is a minister, his younger brother has a bad stutter and his big sister has a harelip. And there's an older boy in town who wants to kill him.<br/>Krueger does a great job telling the story and really draws you in with terrific verbal portraits of the many characters in the book. I read this for my library's book club and I'm so glad I did. I highly recommend Ordinary Grace.
 I must admit that I absolutely treasure stories told from the perspective of a child, young or old. I love the naive eyes through which children look at the world, but also deeply feel their heartache when they encounter hurts and darkness as well. Ordinary Grace swept me up into the world of thirteen-year-old Frank Drum, and it is a story that held me in its grip until the very last page. Krueger has painted a unique and likable character in Frank, a young man who is all boy, and one who wrestles with death and dying, seeking to understand the conflicting feelings within him, struggling to define his own beliefs about God and the meaning of life. The characters are richly drawn, and the story unfolds with the sensitivity of a skilled writer, making you forget about the world around you as you find yourself completely absorbed by Frank's tale. The scenes flow effortlessly from one to another, invoking deep emotion that left me battling tears on several occasions.  The author explores difficult themes within the book, themes of grief and loss, of suicide and murder, but also casts light on the beauty of faith, of hope, of love. Several times I paused to read a passage over, enjoying the deep truth that is conveyed, such as when Frank's father states "In your dark night, I urge you to hold to your faith, to embrace hope, and to bear your love before you like a burning candle, for I promise that it will light your way. And whether you believe in miracles or not, I can guarantee that you will experience one. It may not be the miracle you've prayed for. God probably won't undo what's been done. The miracle is this: that you will rise in the morning and be able to see again the startling beauty of the day".<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace is a novel that offered more than I expected, exquisitely portraying the beauty and power of grace. I highly recommend this extraordinary read and award it 5 out of 5 stars.<br/><br/>A copy of this book was provided by the publisher, Atria Books, a division of Simon &amp; Schuster, for the purposes of this unbiased review.
 Frankie and Jake were brothers with Frankie being the braver of the two but not necessarily the ethical one.  ORDINARY GRACE takes place when times were simpler but when problems still occurred in families and towns.<br/><br/>This specific summer in Frankie and Jake's life had adventures as well as misfortunes. Frankie was a character you will love. Frankie always seemed to be in the right place but never managed to figure out what was going on. He was growing up, being a boy, getting into and out of trouble, learning about life, and also learning how to deal with adult situations. His brother Jake was timid, adored his brother, and joined him on most of his adventures.<br/><br/>The book had a wonderful story line and great characters.  The characters can be described as unique, loveable, different, and ones you would want to have for friends. Frankie was the narrator, Jake kept the story going, and Gus seemed to be the person Frankie and Jake looked up to.  Frankie and Jake's parents were the typical couple of this era.  All characters complemented each other.<br/><br/>The writing was extraordinary, the storyline was sweet, just like the era that pulled you in, and the storyline unquestionably kept your interest.  You won't want to put the book down mainly because of the nostalgic theme.  Keeping the storyline going are murders, deaths, a disappearance, a summer that would never be forgotten, and a mystery to solve.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  The writing was moving, expressive, and powerful.  The storyline moved effortlessly, and I loved the glimpse back into the 1960's.<br/><br/>ORDINARY GRACE is a book that will be on your mind long after you turn the last page.  Don't miss this extraordinary book filled with the exploring of one's conscience and also with learning how to forgive.  It is noteworthy and remarkable. 5/5<br/><br/>This book was given to me free of charge and without compensation by the publisher in return for an honest review.
 One cannot read ORDINARY GRACE without feeling as if it is destined to be hailed as a classic work of literature. My initial reaction was a question: How do you write something this good? I suppose that the simple answer, though true nonetheless, is: one word at a time. Yet that is not the whole truth. I suspect that, considering its subject matter, a great deal of the book was painful in the telling for author William Kent Krueger, though hopefully relief was obtained in the release. And indeed, this is at once a beautiful and painful story that digs down into those corners and crannies of that box we call truth, the one to which we give homage but cringe a bit when we open it up, look inside, and reveal its elements, one by one.<br/><br/>ORDINARY GRACE has been referred to elsewhere as a "literary mystery," and that would not be wrong. But you wouldn't want to consign this novel to any particular genre when to do so might limit its readership. Each and all of Krueger's Cork O'Connor books arguably could be classified as literary mysteries. ORDINARY GRACE is a bit different, and not merely due to Cork's absence. It is a stand-alone work, a coming-of-age story that I sense is at least partially biographical, by turns heartwarming and heart-rending, a very spiritual book shot through with metaphors and turns of phrase that demand to be noted, marked and re-read long after the last page is turned.<br/><br/>Frank Drum is the first-person narrator, a 13-year-old p.k. (preacher's kid) on the cusp of innocence and knowledge in the summer of 1961. It was a time not so far removed from the present, though for those of us fortunate enough to have lived then and can recall those days, it seems as if it's an entirely different world. Frank is the middle child of three, wedged comfortably for the most part between Ariel, his older sister, who is mildly flawed physically yet possessed of an enormous talent for musical composition, and Jake, his younger brother, whose high intelligence is hampered by a stammer that manifests itself in public speaking. Jake is a bit of a wild child, gently chafed by his parents' rules and thus given to acting out somewhat,  though certainly he is no worse than many of the same of that particular era and positively angelic when compared to those who run rampant now. His father is a Methodist minister, charged with the spiritual needs of three small churches in and near New Bremen, Minnesota.<br/><br/>As we come to find out fairly early on, Jake's mother is somewhat disappointed with her station in life at the beginning of the summer of 1961. Thinking she was marrying an attorney with a promising future, she instead finds herself to be the wife of a preacher who is uprooted every few years to play the role of the parson's wife before a new audience. New Bremen is her hometown, and the tensions of the past that roil quietly beneath the surface are revealed through Jake's eyes as only an unvarnished teenage boy of that era could see them. What is most significant, though, are four deaths that will affect each member of the family to varying degrees and threaten to tear it apart. They are four very different deaths --- the first an apparent accident, the second from natural causes, and the fourth by suicide.<br/><br/>It is the third death --- a murder --- that ultimately reveals a series of secrets that ripple through Jake's family and the town of New Bremen. The Reverend Drum, who has a faith in God that runs wide and deep, finds his beliefs to be tested as never before, even as he relies on it to take him through the storm of his life. Trust is shattered, mysteries are solved, and a miracle occurs. By the end of ORDINARY GRACE (a title you will not forget by story's end), not all can be put right, but things can go on, and go well, if not perfectly.<br/><br/>ORDINARY GRACE is one of those very rare books in which one regrets reaching its end, knowing that the experience of having read it for the first time will never be repeated. Krueger, who is incapable of writing badly, arguably has given us his masterpiece.<br/><br/>-- Joe Hartlaub
 I loved this book!  It started a bit slowly, but gradually propelled me along on the strength of the author's use of language alone.  What beautiful metaphors; what wonderful description.  And told as a memory narrative from the point of view of two young boys was inspired.  They could say, and think, things through in ways their more mature elders never would.  I realized after finishing the book (borrowed from a library) that I really wanted to have it in my collection in order to read and savor it again and again.
 This was one of the best books I've read in a long time.  I felt that I was beside the two boys, Frankie and Jake, during their adventures, tragedies, and the final unraveling of the murder mystery.  Their father taught the family to accept their losses and never to lose faith.  It is a good lesson that we should all try to remember. In a way, I was sad that Frankie and Jake grew up because I wanted them to have more adventures, though certainly not more tragedies. Mr. Krueger is a new author to me and now I think I will try his Cork O'Connor series.
 This is the first book I've read by this author and it will ikely be the last.  The writing wasn't bad but the story was just so predictable and pointless, almost soap-opera-ey.  I could see the plot developments coming from a mile away.
 I downloaded a sampling of this book onto my Kindle, Ordinary Grace, and the author's easy flowing prose hooked me within the first couple of pages. A poignant mystery novel steeped in nostalgia, having grown up in the same time frame.<br/>Excellent reading!
 Stand alone novel by one of my favorite authors.  It says so much about faith, hope and grace.  The characters are so real that I feel I’ve known them.  They will remain in memory.  William Kent Krueger has written a masterpiece!  I loved it!
 The story unfolds in 1961 - a simpler time - a time when people connected by virtue of personal interaction - and in a town where you knew your neighbors and their relatives.  A brilliantly written story, rich in emotion and detail.  I could almost hear the crack of Harmon Killebrew's bat.  Our storyteller created vivid characters one cares about.  A story with a fine moral underpinning.  Mr. Krueger's writing drew me in on the first page and I was sorry for the story to end.  Do yourself a favor and read Ordinary Grace: A Novel.
 Any reader looking for a reaffirmation of the basic goodness in humanity will enjoy reading William Kent Kruger's finely written novel, Ordinary Grace. Narrated by Frank Drum at age 53, the action in the novel takes place during the summer of 1961 in the small town of New Bremen, Minnesota, when Frank was 13. Every member of the Drum family and each character in the novel suffers from some form of brokenness. What Kruger develops so well in these characters and in the plot is the transformation from the broken part of our human condition toward caring, love and understanding. Readers on any spiritual journey will find familiar themes in this novel. I finished this novel and felt good about myself, my community, and all of humanity.<br/><br/>Rating: Five-star (I love it)
 This was a lovely book.  I've always enjoyed coming of age novels, and this story is told from the viewpoint of a young teenage boy and several deaths that impact his life during a short period of time. William Kent Krueger describes country living descriptively and shows that things are always more complicated than they appear even in what appears to be a perfect small town.  It's beautifully written with well-developed characters and a plot that keeps you guessing.  I read several books a week and this is one of the best I've read in awhile!
 An amazing novel that transcends the genre of mystery, even though there is a murder to be solved.  The most fascinating quality of this book is the realness of the characters. The story catches your attention, but the lives of the characters will charm you, enlighten you, and prove both heartbreaking and sometimes very, very funny.  I adore serious fiction where children carry the story. This novel reminds me of great books that I have always loved, like To Kill a Mocking Bird, and A Prayer for Owen Meany.  When the action is seen through children's eyes, the magic and emotion is so fresh and palpable that it will not be forgotten.  That is what happens in Ordinary Grace.  It won the Edgar, and because it is brave, gutsy, brilliant and full of feeling, I will read it again and again.
 On a mission to read all the Edgar nominees before the announcement, I was bowled over by this book. I have read this author before , the Cork O'Connor series.<br/>Although it shares the same locale, as the series it is very different. This story of small town life in Minnesota in the summer of 1961 is truly excellent. The Drum family, dad who is a pastor, mom, sister, younger brother and the narrator, 13 year old Frank, live through a summer that forever changes their lives. The author has captured the small town of the 60's and the coming of age emotions of the narrator. The book gives the reader an insight into the life a clergy family and how difficult it is to live under the watchful eyes of the church parishioners. The mystery may be obvious but the journey to the solution is an emotional one.
 This book was great on so may levels.  The mystery keeps you guessing and wanting to find out.  The relationships are real.  The spirituality is inspiring.  The first book I could not put down in a long time.
 I bought this for my kindle after reading Michael Connelly's THE GODS OF GUILT, which is terribly overrated.  This looked like it had a little more substance so I chose it although I have never heard of the author.  So glad I did.  The book.is a coming of age story of a young man and his brother.  The story is set in the sixties era when children could play in the yard alone and hop on a bike and ride through town.  Simply delightful...plus there is a mystery involved.and the characters are believable and I found myself caring about a few main characters which doesn't usually happen to me.  I plan to look at the authors previous books and  dive in...hope I'm as pleased next time.
 This is an excellent novel and deserves all of the awards and accolades it's received so far. It's considerably more than a crime novel. It's a combination of a coming of age novel, a whodunit and a story about forgiveness, understanding and the nature of grief.<br/><br/>The plot revolves around a series of deaths in a small town in Minnesota during the summer of 1961. The narrator is the 13 year old son of the local minister, who is charged with looking after his younger brother and finds ingenious ways to thrust himself in the middle of the mysterious happenings that plague the town.<br/><br/>The characters are well drawn, three dimensional figures and few things in the town are what they seem on the surface. The writing style, while deceptively simple, delivers a story that's hard to put down. I would highly recommend this award winning book to anyone who enjoys well written, well plotted crime stories as well as anyone who likes realistic novels about growing up in small town America.
 An older man recounts a summer when he was a teen in the 60s during which he grew up and learned lessons about death. “Ordinary” is in the title, but extraordinary is a better description. This story was beautifully told with poetic writing and vivid descriptions.
 If you're not annoyed by books about precocious pubescent children - in this case, a 13-y-o boy - who are wise beyond their years (one who dutifully attends 3 church services each Sunday), then this  book is for you. (Not only too good to be believed, but he has the ability to solve a mystery that has law enforcement and all community adults stumped)
 Rather than the overused cliche "coming of age" reference I'd have to say this is a book about life.  And, of course that includes death.  Even tho told from the perspective of a 13 year old boy all characters are well defined and clearly drawn and it is easy to understand the perspective of everyone in the book. My favorite was the quiet introspective little brother. Not what you would call a fun read by any means but an enjoyable one as it draws to its conclusion.
 While I've come to be a fan of Mr Kruger's Cork O'Connor series, I very much enjoyed this quiet mystery and coming of age story that takes place in the summer of 1961. All the characters were well developed &amp; so interesting each in their own way that engendered the reader's curiosity as to what the next surprise would be coming around the proverbial "bend." I really am excited to
 I must have liked it somewhat, because I read it straight through. But it was so much like TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD and THE BODY by Steven King, (the movie STAND BY ME),  and MYSTIC RIVER that it seemed like plagiarism.
 I admit that I picked up the book out of loyalty to Kent Krueger and his fabulous Cork O'Connor series. I read the first paragraph out of duty. I read the rest because I became completely enthralled. Mr. Krueger has said that he put "everything I have learned about writing" into this book and it shows in every paragraph. The voice of young Frank Drum is compelling, authentic, and mesmerizing. The other characters are rich, complex, and I cared for them through their acts of goodness and acts of weakness and fear. And through it all, there plays a subtle love song for the small Minnesotan town.<br/>Although I eagerly await the next Cork O'Connor mystery coming this August, I hope Mr. Krueger takes a future break to craft another beauty like Ordinary Grace!
 I found myself thinking of "To Kill A Mockingbird" as I read this book.  Like Scout in Lee's book, the narrator in "Ordinary Grace" is an adult looking back on life-changing events from his childhood.  Frank witnesses prejudice against Native Americans, while Scout bore witness to racism against African-Americans.  The father in this well-told story is a Methodist minister with the same integrity displayed by Atticus Finch during a similar turbulent time period: this time in Minnesota during the summer of 1961.
 I really liked this book.  The characters were interesting and real; there was color and texture and feeling and smell.  I felt empathy.<br/><br/>My only criticism of any significance is that the mystery was easily solved.  That it wasn't clear to any of the adults was a bit of a stretch for me.<br/><br/>Still, this book is well worth the money and effort.
 After finishing this book I wondered if others were also disappointed in it. I was surprised to find the ratings so high. I didn't dislike it, but found it very predictable. The fact that only the kid could figure these things out was unbelievable. While I was loving Nathan in the beginning, he just became too goodie-goodie. How could he never get angry or lose control when his daughter was murdered. Overall it was just too saccharin and obvious.
 This is one of the best books that I have ever read.  The character development is outstanding - you can feel being in Minnesota in 1961.  Written in the first person, you observe events through the eyes of a 13 year-old.  There are many different character types (blind man, crazy girl, rednecks, clergy, rich, poor etc.) and the descriptions and actions make them come alive.  Just these descriptions would make the book outstanding - but there's also mysteries surrounding a number of suspicious deaths that occurred during the summer of 1961.  Without spoiling the ending, the outcome is logical and meaningful.<br/><br/>I'm now off to find other books by this author.
 Ordinary Grace was a wonderful story of a young boy who comes to terms with "growing up" in a small town in Minnesota. All is well in 1961 and then tragedy strikes and Frank and his brother Jake deal with growing into manhood.<br/><br/>The story is well told and at times predictable but the wisdom gained by the discoveries made that summer lead both young men to leave their childhood behind and experience a wide range of human emotions. The story of family, brothers, death, spiritual values,<br/>and friendship develops into a very good read.
 The quote from Aeschylus at the beginning gave a sense of foreboding - there was going to be lot of killing/dying. Very effective to tell this story from the point of view of a 13 year old boy. For me very timely to read this close to Memorial Day, seeing the effects of war on people's lives.  This was required reading for my book club; but I'm glad I read it. The characters were right out of 1961 and yet they sounded true for the most part, some exceptions and minor contrivances to move the story. We'll never know what the war did to Nathan which rings true in my experience- they don't talk about it. If you like stories about ordinary families and typical characters in a small town tragedy, this one was written with grace.
 Ordinary Grace is a stunningly good book.  It's set in a little town in the summer of 1961, and centers around two young brothers who experience a lot that summer.  Their emotions range from faith, joy, sorrow, frustration, rage - sometimes all in one day.  It is very well written, and takes you back to a simpler time.  I definitely recommend this book to you.
 With whispers of "To Kill a Mockingbird" or Larry Watson's "Montana, 1948", ORDINARY GRACE offers the coming-of-age story of a 13-year-old Minister's son (and his family) and a ever-expanding trail of tragedies in small town, rural 1961 Minnesota.  The writing is crisp, the themes are varied, the cast of characters is believably rendered and the storyline is both engaging and intriguing.
 Ordinary Grace<br/><br/>by<br/>William Kent Kruger<br/><br/>A Review<br/><br/>This is a great book.  I have never read a book by this author before but I really enjoyed the opportunity to read it.  It was the kind of book which you didn't want to ever end.<br/><br/>The author is excellent in foreshadowing (giving hints to the reader as to what will happen in the novel in the future).  He predicts that three deaths will happen later.  At the beginning of the novel there are two deaths, one being a boy and another being a homeless man.  The author deals with the different forms of death; accidental, natural, suicide, and murder.<br/><br/>Frank is thirteen years old and the narrator of this novel.  He is telling the story through the eyes of a child during his growing up years covering the span of one summer.  He is the middle child with an older sister, Ariel and younger brother, Jake.  His father is a Methodist preacher in a small town in Minnesota.  His mother is very talented in the area of music.<br/><br/>I could really relate to this book since my husband was a pastor in a small mid western state.  He also was a Methodist pastor.  The author talks about the expectations of the pastor family - the pastor, the pastor's wife, and the pastor's children.  I really like the way the author portrays the pastor family as "human" just like any other family.<br/><br/>You will have to read the book to find out about the three deaths at the end of the novel and also to find out why the author named the book Ordinary Grace.  You need to read this book.  It will not be a waste of your time.<br/><br/>______________<br/>This review is based on a free copy provided by Atria Books for the purpose of creating this review.  The opinions expressed are mine alone.
 This was a very well told story about life, death, grief  and the things we think we know. All is not what it seems at first in this novel. It's plainly written, but the prose is lovely at times, as are inspiration and miracles.  One of the best novels I've read in a long time, definitely a Bildungsroman.
 This story captivated me right from the beginning. Two brothers encounter a summer that changed their lives as they deal with a tragedy involving several people in that small town . This book reminded me of "To Kill a Mockingbird". This is a high compliment to the author. I plan to read more of his work in the future.
 After a series of great murder mysteries, staring Cork O'Conner, Kruger has come up with a genius of a stand alone coming of age, murder mystery, and trestles on the "awful grace of God".<br/>Our of the best books that I've ever read.<br/><br/>Frank is telling his story some forty years after the actual events that took place during his thirteenth year.  In 1961, small town Minnesota, the summer is hot, the people know everything about everyone, and life is good.  But this all changes when a young boy is killed while playing on the train tracks.  Frank , and his stuttering younger brother,  speculate about this tragedy.  Their father is the town's Methodist minister, and folks look to him to answer the preverbal question of "Why would God let this happen?".<br/><br/>But that was just the beginning of this momentous summer for Frank, his family, and this small town.  There will be three more deaths.  An itinerant man is found amongst the weeds, there is a suicide, and finally a murder.  Everyone in the town is affected by these tragedies in some way---bringing out the best and the worst in people.<br/><br/>Kruger's writing is filled with wonderful descriptive phrases.  His characters will touch your heart in ways that will be difficult to put away after you've finished this book.  His specific and thoughtful discussions of God's grace as seen through Frank's eyes will keep you wondering about your own faith.  Simply a five, no five times five star read.  This book has something for every reader to enjoy!!
 When I bought this novel I mistakenly thought it would be another of the Cork Connor novels.  It is, rather, a young adult, coming of age novel.  It was a tedious slog to read.<br/>Authors who are successful at a series seem, for some reason, rarely able to write entertaining stand alone novels.<br/>Amazon should clearly label young adult fiction so the reader can be aware of what they're buying.
 One of the best books I have read in a LONG LONG time!  Fabulous character development, interesting plot, WOW!  Would love to see this made into a movie!  Feels like a cross between To Kill a Mockingbird and A River Runs Through It.  Great great great...and cried like a baby in the chapter from where the title originates.
 This is not my kind of book. The writing was good, but the story just never became interesting enough. A teenager is narrating, why isn't it a young adult novel? It is mainly an all male cast of characters who seemed too familiar, too stereotypical. It just all fell very flat for me.
 Well written with an intrigue...can be a bit slow at times but you will get to know the characters well. I was totally caught off guard when I burst in to tears reading the very last line of the book. I am not a reader who ever reads the last page of a book first and so glad of that...those words just wouldn't have been the same had they been read first.
 If you've read any number of novels that are categorized as mysteries, you--like me--will figure out the killer long before the final page. But this book is about so much more than whodunit. It's a complex story about faith and heart and loyalty and about growing up. Mr. Krueger's prose is beautiful and his characterizations indelible.<br/><br/>There are no OMG plot twists. But when is the last time that a mystery made you cry?<br/><br/>This is a book that's rooted in truth and love, and it's one that will stay with this reader for a long time.
 This is, no doubt, a good read, but I was compelled more so by the mystery than I was by any interest in the characters.  Some of the characters acted in ways that were hard to believe given the circumstances, but even so: If you want an easy summer read, this is it.
 This is an stunning surprise novel.  It is a nostalgic coming-of-age story that comes with a suspenseful twist that makes  a page-turner.  There are several surprises along the way in this story.  The characters, especially the narrator, are so well drawn and developed that it makes you feel you are with them in their small Minnesota town during the summer of this story.  This was my first book by this author and I am eager to read more.  The ending was also a surprise and the author wraps everything up in a very satisfying way.  I truly was not ready for the novel to end.  A great, great, read.
 I am not sure how I missed this novel when it came out in 2013. It is a MUST READ, Absolutely loved this book. It is a ‘coming of age novel’, but has something for everyone: murder, affairs, divorce, suicide, sexuality, but is extremely realistic and took place in the early ‘60s. I won’t go into many details as many of the other reviews give specifics. Reminded me of The Art of Fielding (but an ‘older’ version), character development is gripping. Few books hold my attention like this one did – a must read!
 I've read all of the Cork O'Connor books and really enjoyed them so I thought I would like this one too. I think it was his best one.  I really enjoyed the insightful look at death and how different characters dealt with it.  I really couldn't put it down.
 "Ordinary Grace" is an excellent novel. I could not stop reading this! The story is intriguing, the setting is so descriptive, and the characters are lively and well-developed. I especially loved the narration style. As a non-religious person, I did not find the tone and the religious theme to be too much. In fact, I appreciated what it brought to the novel and thought it was well-balanced. So I hope that others are not put off. It's a great read!
 A step away from Cork O'Connor books to be sure, but a good read.  Thought it was a bit slow at first, but wasn't long before I was able to identify with the characters and of course, the era.  Had to keep reminding myself in the beginning that there were no cell phones in 1961.  And of course, the moral of the story, ordinary grace matches its title very well.
 The first line of the first chapter grabbed me, "Moonlight pooled on the bedroom floor." The second line pulled me in, "Outside the chirr of crickets and other night bugs gave life to the dark." I fell under the spell of good writing, lured to embrace the novel's depths, emerged with a recognition of having received enlightenment. The book provides lessons in what it means to obtain wisdom through the awful grace of God.
 I love when an author develops characters so well that you feel a part of the story. This rich story is a testimony to family, friends that are like family, and that doing the right thing isn't always black and white. We have to muddle through so much gray to often find the truth, and there are times we are never meant to know everything. Without a doubt, life is full of simple ordinary graces.
 'Ordinary Grace' is a stand alone novel quite apart from Krueger's long-running Cork O'Connor series.  It's destined to become a literary classic.  But, don't let that dim your anticipation for a good read.  Because it has all the mystery,  suspense and page-turning thrill of a good action novel, while being told in the classic frame of an aging man looking back through childhood eyes on a chaotic episode in his family's life. (Being a former newspaper book editor, I read hundreds of books a year and can guarantee you this one rates in the very top tier.)
 This is an excellent book, one of William Kent Krueger's best.  Very different from his Cork O'Connor series, a stand alone book, very poignant and touching.  Reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbird in a way, a story told by an adult of a childhood incident.  One of those books you can't put down until you've finished.
 Ordinary Grace is the best book I've read in many months.  It is everything I want in a book:  thoughtful, moving, suspenseful, sweet, humorous.  It moves along quickly, with twists and turns I did not see coming, and yet it is a sweet tale of a young boy seeing firsthand how cruel and complicated life is.  Despite its heavy content - murder, bigotry, suicide - it left me feeling hopeful and upbeat. I highly recommend.
 This is a mystery and also a lesson in understanding.  It is a story placed in a small town in 1961, and of a family caught in turmoil by recent murders and how each person sees events in a different way and it shows understanding and compassion to those have seen little of it...snd how that compassion can alter their lives.
 Since I don't like reviews that tell the story of the book, I will keep it short.  I have a difficult time finding books that I really enjoy.  This is one of the best books I've read in a long time.It is so well written with wonderful insights and depths. It was a mystery with philosophical and spiritual perspectives and, to me, seemed very realistic.  It has motivated me to read more books by this author.
 This is an excellent novel overall. Krueger proves adept at weaving an ensemble cast through their own individual story arcs. But Frank the protagonist is always at the center. This story is rich with emotions (both overt and under-the surface), and atmosphere. The sense-of-place Krueger creates with the period setting will feel like a lived-in memory to readers. We can see the event that powers the mid-point turn coming a mile away, but it's still an emotional gut-punch.
 There is quite a bit of "To Kill a Mockingbird" here. This is a lyrical book about faith and life. Exquisitely well written I wouldn't change a comma.This is a mystery book, but the mystery is almost a subplot. It is not the suspense or the whodunnit that made me hooked on. It was the details, subtleties, the characters and rural Minnesota in the early 60s, just before the world turned 180 degrees.
 Not the most evenly flowing book ever written but in it's own "folksy way" manages to progress at a decent pace.<br/>Overall a most enjoyable book that i'm glad I stumbled upon.
 Couldn't get past the first third. Love good writing, appreciate a good mystery. This felt like neither to me.
 I won’t waste anyone’s time with a lot of words here.  I have always loved to read and since retiring I read quite a bit and don’t limit my choices to any particular type of novel.  I started Ordinary Grace yesterday and finished it today.  I will simply say this is one of the best books I have ever read.
 The simple characters and time of life grabbed my attention immediately. With typical Midwestern lives and in a time I have only read about, I found a sweet escape. Some twists and turns and moments I could not put this down. An easy read with just enough mystery to grab you. The ending you'll say you saw coming, but you didn't.
 I generally read 19th century to 20th century writers, so this was a departure - based on a booksellers recommendation.  With that written...<br/><br/>I did enjoy the book.  Mr. Krueger developed some wonderful characters - noble &amp; flawed in a way that reflects the people reading the story.  Follow Frank and Jack along...<br/><br/>I guessed the identity of the culprit well before it was revealed - and I think Mr. Krueger deliberately wrote the story with just that intent.<br/><br/>It's my first book by this author and I would read another.
 Beautiful coming of age story. I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Good writing!
 Having been married to two clergyman, "Ordinary Grace" appeals in so very many ways, not least the shared similarities to the experiences of raw death and the totality of youth growing up in Minnesota those same years. This book was an encounter with great storytelling - a gift and a classic that I will read again and again. I hope Krueger writes others like it.
 After having just read a few stinkers, this was a refreshing change.  It is a beautifully told coming of age story that contains mystery, numerous deaths, but most vividly - life!  I never tire of reading an eloquently told story about what it means to be human, complete with triumphs and failings and this novel did just that.  An extremely satisfying read.
 The first half of this book was pretty slow. It seemed more like a coming of age book in a small, sleepy town of times past. But the second half was a mystery and I read the whole second half in 1 sitting. The writing was good enough to get me through the boring first half.
 While I love the series with Cork O'Connor, this is clearly Krueger's best.<br/>In a straightforward style he recounts a summer from forty years before with clarity and thoughtfulness. While you may not have to look up new words, you will probably write down some of the poignant phrases.
 A thoroughly enjoyable book redolent of Hassler at his peak.  The created atmosphere surrounding small town life on the MInnesota River and all of the intrigue and sorrow embraced by the Methodist minister family and his rather non-conventional wife is marvelous.  Beautifully crafted - Krueger is a master story teller in the tradition of Steinbeck.  A truly great read.
 A beautifully  crafted story about a post WWII family, living in Michigan in what for them would become the life altering year of 1961. The title of the novel's meaning is brought to fruition as deftly as is  done by the stroke is a master painter's brush. There is hope and redemption to be found in this book, a book by an author's extraordinary gift of story telling.
 Loved this book.  Very moving.  I pulled out many quotes to remember.  This came at a time when a young person I knew had committed suicide and the first 30 pages set my mind at ease with his death.  I hated for it to end.
 When I received this book it looked as though it had gotten wet. The pages a were brown and the book was smelly.
 Besides being a terrific story that examines a powerful range of human experiences and emotions, it was the authentic voice of the teenaged narrator, Frank Drum, that kept me reading late into the night. Though the tone is quiet, Krueger artfully layers the story with suspenseful examinations of family life, death, fury, spiritual fiber, and redemption. In some ways it reminded me of one of my favorite films—Stand By Me.
 This is one of the most profound books i have ever read. I wrote down many of the Pastors comments. This novel touched on every topic that plagues society today and addresses it better than I have ever heard. This is a book I want to buy, it is a treasure.
 I have always been a fan of Mr. Krueger's works and admired his use of words.  But this book is the best thing that he has every written which is saying a lot. It is so beautifully written without a wasted word.<br/><br/>It is difficult for me to describe what I felt as I read it because I don't have a fifth of his talent but this story caught me up and kept me interested.  I identified with so much in the book.  And I was growing up around the same time so it truly resonated with me.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book.
 This is the first book I've read by this author, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. Reminiscent of A Painted House, it's a story set in a simpler time which somehow makes life's complications seem that much more poignant. Worth reading.
 SPOILER ALERT. The author has a spiritual and poetic bent, which I like.  However, his writing is cumbersome at times, with run on sentences, and a scarcity of commas.  His contrived plotting is the most annoying feature.  I predicted the identity of the murderer long before it was revealed.  There were many false notes, both trivial and major - for example, he glosses over the mother's reaction to the full knowledge of how her long time friend was responsible for what happened to her daughter.  Ariel and mother are brilliant musicians.  Where were music lessons for the sons?  The piece of music composed by Ariel for the forth of July was called a "chorale". I am a professional musician, and I can tell you that a "chorale" is simply a hymn tune harmonized in four parts, not an elaborate 12 minute piece.  It may sound nit picky, but it made me feel that the author's use of music and musicians in the story was, again, contrived.  He has an amateur's view of the world of the musician<br/>It seemed like the author was trying to write a literary novel, but couldn't resist falling back on murder mystery plotting for the meat of his story, to the detriment of his literary aspirations.  Ultimately, many of the events of the book had no real meaning, and didn't really tie into the plot (the death of Bobby Cole, for example).  This book is entertaining enough, but doesn't deserve 4 or 5 stars.
 Krueger made me feel deeply for his characters. I found myself yearning for the innocence of another era, a time when people knew their place, the rules were clear, adults were held in respect by children and families were the foundations of our society. This is a beautiful book full of drama and pathos. The only reason it did not get five stars from me is because the ending was too obvious, I do like a little surprise in my "whodunnits". Still, a very worthwhile read that will transport you.
 Easy to understand how this book won the 2014 Edgar. I just recently discovered Krueger and his Cork O'Connell stories, decided to give this book a try even though it's not an O'Connell and very happy I did, I really enjoyed it. Krueger is a very gifted writer, if you haven't read him give him a shot.
 I have read all the Cork O'Connor mysteries with the exception of his latest release and I had my doubts that a stand-alone novel would match the series.  But I should not have doubted.  This author has a wonderful way with words and I am now convinced that anything he writes will be outstanding without exception. This story was written with a tender look at a boy of age 13 in the summer of 1961.  We saw all his joys and sorrows as the residents of his small hometown witnessed accidents, suicide, and murder.  Thank you, Mr. Krueger for giving this old lady many hours of entertainment as I celebrate 81 years on this earth and many more, God willing.
 I enjoyed the book! Maybe if I had read this one before the Cork O'Connor series I would have enjoyed it more.  All in all a recommended read!
 Sometimes an idea grabs you and won't let go.  That's how this novel came about.  The story occurred to the author who was busy writing his popular Cork O'Connor novels and festered in his min d for a couple of years before forcing into the open and onto paper.  And it is a good thing it did, because it is a touching tale of a Minnesota family in the summer of 1961.<br/><br/>The novel is a moving portrayal of small town life, of two young boys growing up, of life and death and the lives of those affected by such loss.  It is narrated 40 years later by the now-grown-up 13-year-old who looks back at his memories and examines various events and concepts important to him.<br/><br/>"Ordinary Grace" is a departure from the author's previous work and written with even more sensitivity than the wonderful crime novels for which he is best known.  In fact, his next one, "Tamarack County," is scheduled for release in August.  In the meantime, I suggest you take this one up and read it.  Highly recommended.
 Ordinary Grace by William Ken Krueger is the first book I've read by the author, but what a journey. It's been a long time since a book has touched me the way this book did. Wonderful sense of place, interesting characters. Sometimes in books with young narrators, the narrator is too mature, too all-seeing to be believable, but I never once had this thought with Frank. I loved all the characters because they felt real with flaws and strengths. I thought the author perfectly captured a family on the cusp of change. Ultimately the change that happens is not the one that is expected at all, but everyone can relate to the coming to a crossroads in life, whatever the event is, and then and trying to make your way to a new normal on the other side. The book explores father-son relationships, marriage, loss, and faith and hope. The struggle with faith that is part of the book felt real and not at all dogmatic or preachy. What a pleasure. I was sorry to see Ordinary Grace end.
 Frank Drum is thirteen years old in 1961 and lives in a small town in Minnesota. His father is a minister and one summer, death comes knocking and Frank is thrown into a world he doesn’t know and experiences he could do without.<br/><br/>A well written novel depicting small town life in the early sixties and what it is like as seen through the eyes of a young boy. Even the mystery of a murder and the tragedy that follows is done gracefully. Definitely done well.
 I especially loved the character development and felt I knew each character through the story's plot.  At the end, I enjoyed knowing the "end" of each.  The author did a very good job of keeping the action flowing without throwing in needless "red herrings" that would deliberately throw off the reader in misdirection.  The title was made perfectly clear by the end of the novel...and reflected the events and passions and final (awful)  grace mentioned by Aeschylus near the beginning of the venture.
 Another great read from William Kent Krueger.  I have read the Cork O'Connor series and always enjoy this author.  Although vastly different from those novels this story still involves the North American First Nation people which appears to be WKK's specialty.  A story of tragedy and death and different ways people cope with it.  Anger at injustice of what life can throw you and forgiveness and faith are covered in the story written through the eyes of an adult looking back at a very eventful childhood.
 What a great story! So well written. It held my interest all the way through to the end. I highly recommend it.
 interesting story - unpredictable, enjoyed it - didn't love it. It didn't draw me in like a book i really bond with does.
 Wow! Such a great story, a little bit of everything. Reminds me in tone/ style of a modern day To Kill a Mockingbird.<br/>Loved this book.
 Quite a good book from an excellent teller of stories from the rural Mid-West.  The young son of a small town minister and his even younger brother, who stutters,  observe and ponder the too numerous and strange deaths that bedevil a community during a single year, 1961.
 Loved this book so much that I went out and bought everything else he has written. This one has it all. Coming of age layered with strong characters, loss, unanswered questions, and life as you know it forever changed. Leaves you thinking and wanting more with each page. I think I read it in two days.
 A very philosophical novel and one that has a religious bent.  It is about one summer in the life of a thirteen year old, a summer filled with death yet filled with the the understanding that comes with knowledge.  It is the relationship among the characters that brings  the greatest enjoyment.
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  Interesting characters and interesting interaction.  The story is sad at times.  The characters seems so true to real life and the author writes intelligently.
 I thought this would be a spiritual/Christian book when I chose it- I never read the back of the book- and although it wasn't entirely, I gained a lot of spiritual wisdom from it. Great book- good read!
 I didn't know what to expect when I decided to read this book, but I am glad I did.  Although many events were predictable, the characters were very well developed and engaging, and the narrative beautiful beyond words.  I will definitely read other books written by this author.
 A coming of age story set in 1961 Minnesota with an eclectic cast of characters. The story begins with the death of a small boy and evolves during reminisces of that summer from Frank, then a 13 year old boy, growing up in small town Minnesota. Forty years on, Frank recreates the many mysteries &amp; tragedies of that summer. A haunting &amp; thought provoking novel.
 I loved this book.  It’s about the love of two young brothers as they live through a traumatic summer in a small Minnesota town in 1961.  It’s a family drama, murder mystery and coming of age tale all in one.  This one will stay with me.
 The story is well told, characters real and well developed and the prose most enjoyable. Hard to say whether it’s true or made up.
 This started off as an acceptable book and then drew me in slowly, through the believability of the characters and the voice (of 13 year-old) Frank) in which the story is told until I was staying up 'way later than usual to read "just another couple pages".<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace moves right along without feeling rushed as the story changes from an almost Tom Sawyer existence to the summer that lives changed forever.
 "There was a playwright, Son, a Greek by the name of Aeschylus. He wrote that he who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain, which cannot forget, falls drop by drop upon the heart, until, in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace of God."<br/><br/>The father was a pillar of respectfulness, a preacher, the mother sung in the choir and had a beauty and grace.<br/>Ariel the eldest child of the family was a compassionate and kind hearted woman.<br/>The two young brothers of the family were inseparable and loved, they were brave and adventurous, respectful to their kin and full of wanting answers to the problems that hit this great family and their small town. There will be some grace but the reader will hope that there will be a peace and a closure for the family.<br/>Forgiveness will be not just be part of Sunday rhetoric, but will be a real test, for this family will have to try to consider possessing it through their hardest of times.<br/>The narrative is from one boy Frank his passage of time, coming-of-age, his thoughts, emotions, and visions on the world around him empathic and resoundingly felt by the reader.<br/>This has a wonderful cast of memorable characters and has some great feel good moments and some shocking moments. The story was written win a great grace and pace and really done well in captivating and hooking the reader to a expectant resolve to the dilemma that hits this family from a small town.<br/>This story will learn in the corners of your mind for some time.<br/>Those that liked the story A Land More Kind Than Home By Wiley Cash would love this treat of a story<br/>A poignant family tale, in this passage of time, humanity, characters take the stage with love, respect, loss, belief, forgiveness and redemption running its course, gracefully delivered.<br/><br/>  "All the dying that summer began with the death of a child, a boy with golden hair and thick glasses, killed on the railroad tracks outside New Bremen, Minnesota, sliced into pieces by a thousand tons of steel speeding across the prairie toward South Dakota. His name was Bobby Cole. He was a sweet-looking kid and by that I mean he had eyes that seemed full of dreaming and he wore a half smile as if he was just about to understand something you'd spent an hour trying to explain. I should have known him better, been a better friend. He lived not far from my house and we were the same age. But he was two years behind me in school and might have been held back even more except for the kindness of certain teachers. He was a small kid, a simple child, no match at all for the diesel-fed drive of a Union Pacific locomotive."<br/><br/>  "An hour later she came downstairs wearing a black dress. She had on a black hat with a black veil and black pumps. She smelled of bath powder. Jake and I were dressed for the service. We had the television on and were watching a rerun of The Restless Gun. My mother was beautiful. Even we her thoughtless sons knew that. Folks were always saying she could have been a movie star. Pretty as Rita Hayworth they said."<br/>more2read.com
 At the beginning of the summer of 1961, Frank Drum is thirteen years old and living in the small community of New Bremen, Minnesota. It's a summer that will change his life forever, and his story, told from Frank's perspective forty years later, will resonate with readers for a very long time.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace is a stand-alone from William Kent Krueger, an author best known for his Cork O'Connor mystery series. But this is not a crime novel in the traditional sense, although a number of crimes are committed and investigated during the course of the story. Rather, it's a brilliantly written meditation on the ties of family and community and on the nature of grace, whether granted (or withheld) by God or by frail and fallible human beings in times of crisis and terrible loss when any rational person might well doubt his faith in anyone or anything.<br/><br/>Frank's family includes his father, a Methodist minister and veteran of World War II who still harbors secrets and regrets from the war. Frank's mother has an artistic nature and seems vaguely disappointed in the life that she has found. Additionally, Frank has an older and very talented sister who is headed for Julliard and a younger brother, Jake, who suffers from a disorder that makes him stutter badly.<br/><br/>The book opens with the death of a young boy who is accidentally killed while playing near the railroad tracks and this is the first in a series of tragedies that will befall the people of New Bremen as the summer progresses. Each of the members of Frank's family will react in different ways to the events of the summer, as will the other members of the community.<br/><br/>Krueger has vividly recreated the time and place in which this story is set--an obviously simpler and much more trusting age, and he has populated it with a cast of deftly-drawn characters each of whom is totally believable and engaging. The story is moving and elegiac, and calls to mind both Larry Watson's, Montana 1948 and Norman Macean's A River Runs Through It. Each of these books was also set in a small community in an earlier age. In each case the narrator is also a young man on the cusp of adulthood, and in each book families and the challenges they face are also critically important themes.<br/><br/>With Ordinary Grace, William Kent Krueger joins a very select group of authors in the brilliance with which he explores these subjects. This is, truly, a wonderful book and no review can really do it justice; it's one that a reader needs to experience for himself of herself. Certainly, though, it's the best book I've read thus far this year and the easiest five stars I've given in a very long time.
 Death visits New Bremen, Minnesota, in the summer of 1961, events chronicled by thirteen-year-old Frank Drum, beginning with a contemporary, Bobby Cole, found in pieces on the train tracks that flow like a river through the Minnesota River Valley. Son of a Methodist minister, Frank frames his tale of loss, adolescent awakening and the passions of men from his perspective, often accompanied by younger brother, Jack, who suffers a stutter when speaking before strangers. Family is the foundation of Frank's life: a patient, devoted father, Nathan; a spirited, artistic mother, Ruth; brother, Jack; and sister, Ariel, eighteen, with the voice of an angel and plans to attend Julliard in the fall. Ariel has been tutored by brilliant teacher, Emil Brandt, a professional musician and member of the wealthy Brandt family. Family ties bind the two families, Ruth's friendship with Emil and her daughter's tutelage, Ariel's summer romance with a Brandt son.<br/><br/>New Bremen is a town defined by post-World War II experiences and family values, a place where Frank's boyhood memories are shadowed, during this difficult summer, by tragedy. Drawing from his own past, Krueger describes characters marked by the struggles they have faced, working men with families, a small town police force, where everyone knows everyone else's business, harboring the common prejudices of the time. Nathan Drum is haunted by memories of the war, befriending a war buddy, Gus, who is prone to alcoholic rages, both men bound in brotherhood; Ruth cherishes her long friendship with Emil Brant, the hurts of the past put to rest, Ariel's future bright thanks to Emil. Haunted by Bobby Cole's death, Frank and Jake discover another body, an itinerant, under a railroad trestle, one more death to weigh on their young hearts, along with a secret neither is ready to share.<br/><br/>In a confluence of overlapping events, a boy's carefree naiveté is shattered by a tragic personal loss with far reaching consequences that ushers in the maturity of one who has felt the impact of the world. Draped in the nostalgia of the past during that pivotal summer of '61, Frank learns what life has in store, secrets, lies. betrayal, even murder. Yet, with Nathan's firm and compassionate guidance, Frank and Jack experience moments of extraordinary grace, "God's awful grace", innocence forfeit for the precious gift of wisdom. Luan Gaines/2013.
 When a reviewer likened this book to To Kill a Mockingbird, that was all I needed to click and purchase. Although Nathan Drum is no Atticus Finch, the boys in the story would have been my contemporaries and growing up in a small Midwestern town during the period covered in the story, I could relate to the descriptions of the town and people even more than the 'mystery' that drives the story. This is one my best reads of the year to date and I recommend it highly.
 It's about life told mostly from a young boy's eyes.  Simply eloquent and beautiful.  See all the 5 stars its garnered!
 This is an excellent book; offering a window into the mind of a boy faced with some of life's largest challenges and his coming to terms with God's grace in ways he never expected.
 William Kent Krueger's writing style is smooth and involving. The family unit remains the core of the events, but the children devise the deductions. We are all sad at the deaths, and wonder between choices of the accused.
 Ordinary Grace is a wonderful coming-of-age novel with a tinge of mystery underlying the storyline.  It encompasses themes of trust and loyalty, forgiveness, and the impact of tragic loss, but over-shadowing it all is the weight of holding secrets.  I would recommend this book to anyone over the age of 14, male or female, and certainly to book clubs, as the concepts it explores are ripe topics for discussion.
 Buy this book. You won't regret it. I could hardly put it down and was so bummed when I finished.
 I love a book that is narrated by a child and this book did not disappoint.  Not only is it a coming of age story, it is a mystery as well.  I highly recommend.
 The author wove a powerful story with wonderful characters and beautiful prose. This book has everything ; humour, tragedy, pathos,  mystery and miracles. Very well paced and difficult to put down, the story takes place in 1961 and details the turbulent summer of the Drum family and the people of New Bremen, Minnesota.
 Best book I have read in a long time! The characters, situations so well developed! The handling of the family's grief was touching &amp; spot on. It was a book that I had to finish! Loved the friendship of the brothers &amp; the unlikely friendships of Gus &amp; Lise. Cannot wait to read more of Mr. Krueger's books! Love finding a new author to explore!
 As a new novelist, I find this book to be an incredible publication to share with my Book Club. It is an emotion-packed classic that engages you throughout. It is thought-provoking, completely captivating, and would leave a heartbreaking mark. I truly enjoy it and would definitely recommend this book to many.<br/><br/>Anthony D. Woods<br/>c/o Velvet Tears: Breaking the Silence
 Often I view the past as a safer, saner time. When as a kid, we rode our bikes everywhere without fear. The reality is there has been death and evil always. This book took me back to a simpler time, but reminded me that life is somewhat always the same. I liked this book very much and cannot wait for more from this author
 Not my style of book but rented it. Loved it! Devoured it in one day not moving from my couch. Was even reading as I made dinner for the family. Loved all the characters and the plot and the era. I will read everything from this author now!
 I enjoyed this book. Author helps reader connect with characters.
 Just finished reading Ordinary Grace. I have never read Krueger before and did not know what to expect. This was such a well written book that I had a hard time putting it down.  It was truly a work of literature.<br/><br/>I will be reading more of this author in the future.<br/>This was the kind of book that the reader did not want to see it end.<br/><br/>I highly recommend Ordinary Grace.
 I am experiencing this novel via audible.  I am currently on chapter 36 of 42.  I consider myself an avid, eclectic reader and have read mannny books but this is definitely one of the best books I have ever read.  It if full of different things: happy, sad, humor, awareness, good, bad, evil in the hearts of men.  If you are considering buying a good novel ( which is hard to come by these days) this is definitely one to enjoy and keep on the shelf.
 I was expecting very little from this novel and I was wrong!  This is one if the best books I've read.  The characters, the realistic and intriguing plot, the depth  feeling combined<br/> to make me hate finishing it.
 I love all of William Kent Krueger's work, so it was no surprise this novel became a favorite. I particularly like the his protagonist, Cork O'Connor continues to grow is wisdom and understanding with each new novel in the series. Krueger continues to allow the reader to feel the emotions Cork feels as his children age and become more independent. Love this entire family.
 This story is so beautifully told you might believe it to be nonfiction. I can see why it receives strong reviews.
 This book touched on many important social issues-- but more importantly, the characters resonated, felt original and emotionally truthful. Enjoyed it very much.
 There are books that are to be read slowly. To be felt deeply.  To carry with you forever. Of the thousands of books I've read, only a few fit onto that deeply personal shelf.  This is one of them.
 One of most beautifully written books I have ever read. It reminded me so much of my husband’s family (his father was a minister) I cried while reading it.
 Ordinary grace is an excellent read. The characters were interesting the plot kept your guessing. I would recommend it to friends.
 From its very meaningful title to the epilogue that brought real tears to my eyes ORDINARY GRACE is no ordinary mystery.  Actually the mystery itself is fairly transparent as despite the red herrings the author cleverly places I figured out the book's main  twists long before author William Kent Kruger revealed them though heaven knows I have read and watched way too many suspense stories in my life.  What makes this novel remarkable is its take on death, grief, spirituality and grace.<br/><br/>The story is set in the summer of 1961 in a small Minnesota town not far from Mankato.  We are told the story through the narrator Frank from a distance of forty years in the future.  Frank was thirteen the year of the tragic summer and living with his Methodist minister father, his musical mother who was far from the stereotypical pastor's wife, his stuttering younger brother Jake and his talented sister Ariel who had just graduated from high school. The summer was marked by several tragedies one of which very directly involved Frank's immediate family.  One of the book's strength is  the well developed and believable characters of  Jake, his family and the people of their community.  The setting is also outstandingly realized but I was perhaps most impressed by what the book has to say about life, death and eternity.  I have recently read two other books  published in 2013 that share similarities with ORDINARY GRACE, BENEDICTION and LITTLE WOLVES.  And though the other two books, especially BENEDICTION are very worthy ORDINARY GRACE is my favorite of the three.
 (A SPOILER is included.) Ordinary Grace has its fans, and I do admit that I found it appealing in some ways, so I can easily respect the many views of the novel that are more favorable than mine. But the author is trying to find grace if not God, and he kills five people to do it and makes endless, enormous suffering for others. It's almost Buddhist in that he is telling us that all life is suffering, but where's the grace? The title attracted me to the novel, and I feel shortchanged. That one character lost a speech defect in an emotional moment? Things like that do actually happen, and few rush to say God did it. The speech defect in question is associated with emotional issues in some people, not that I am a scientist on this. Yet we seem to be told to recognize this as the work of God, all the while being told we cannot recognize the killings and sufferings as God's handiwork.  Characters complain that God does not listen to their prayers, is ignorant of their suffering, and yet all we get is "an ordinary grace" which is simply grace without fancy flourishes. This "ordinary grace" appears to be what the author offers as a spiritual answer. It is not enough- one lad losing a stutter. The author himself seems to recognize that he might not have taken on enough for readers to hold onto, so he creates a visit with an early character who has long disappeared from the novel and has him emote one final pearl of wisdom- these folks we grieve, why we are just one breath away from them. Once we've lost our last breath, why we are right there with them. So we haven't really lost them! I'd rather have a stutter.
 Darn your eyes!  Why can't I buy a physical CD version -- an old-fashioned CD audiobook, in other words -- of this wonderful book.  In my rural area, most people who borrow audiobooks from our library don't have MP3 players.  So your failure to make an audiobook available deprives them of the chance to enjoy/be inspired by this boo.  Sharon Kendall
 I liked this book. It is about a boy who is thirteen growing up in 1961 who experiences death through sn accident or suicide.  A good read. Highlu recommended.
 I couldn't put this book down.  I was so enamored of the writer's voice and so taken up with the story of the family that I missed a long airplane journey---my nose down in this volume the whole time.  There are some nearly perfectly-coined passages about how faith sees a human being through the pain and loss of a precious person.  See pp 194-5.<br/>I will admit I've lived in Minnesota and that's part of it. It's not ALL of it, though.  Some beautiful, beautiful writing.  Exhale.
 I read constantly &amp; this is my favorite book of the year. It is riveting, spititual &amp; beautifully written. If  you want a book you can't put down- this is it.
 There are some books I enjoy reading and some books that I read to make myself a better person.  This combined the two. I felt like I was reading a 1960s era "To Kill a Mockingbird". Excellent book. Probably not as enjoyable if you're atheist, but I'm not very religious at all and I enjoyed it immensely.
 I didn't care much for the author's Cork series, but this story pulled me in and didn't let go. The first person narrative gave it the perfect voice, and the epilogue was so beautifully written it brought me to tears. About halfway through I was pretty certain who the killer was, but there were enough twists to throw me off a couple of times.
 I had a positive feeling about this book starting with page 15's descriptive prose:  " I sat on the steps of my father's church thinking how much I loved the dark.  The taste of what it offered sweet on the tongue of my imagination.  The delicious burn of trespass on my conscience."  I felt as if I were really there in that place and time, getting to know all the characters and I appreciated that all of them were very realistic.  The ending wraps up well and does not leave you hanging.  I've read all of Krueger's books and enjoyed this one thoroughly, it was a nice break from his Cork O'Connor series.
 A story with interesting character development;they are all so unique to each other. The story moves along with a mystery to solve, yet the focus remains on the singular individuals. It is a memorable tale, leaving the reader with much to think about.
 Krueger turns a phrase so descriptive that it's easy to imagine oneself a part of the story. Two brothers move from boyhood to the next stage of life through a series of three deaths in the rural Midwest town where their father is a Methodist minister. I particularly enjoyed the development of the theological viewpoints of different characters, and especially the outcome.
 Ordinary Grace is a wonderfully written story about growing up in small town America. It is mystery, inspiration and the sense of loss that provides the background for a ministers family's struggles to find refuge as told from the son's perspectve. Reading this personal journey I couldn't help but empathize and truly understand the power of grace.
 Moving and poignant with a touch of mystery. I can recommend this book without hesitation. Thought provoking with a lovely message
 Such a richly-characterized story!  You will fall in love with Frank and most especially Jake.  Oh, and his father.  You will empathize with Frank's mother.  You will not be able to stop reading until the story is finished.  Then you will be left bereft and want more!
 Very good read. although sometimes I feel details were missing in some areas. Overall, I recommend this book.
 Good Book. I would like comment that, this writer has got the kind of imagination many of us miss. Go ahead..THe book, srting from the first chapter...a form of excitement will drive till the last age. That is why I am giving a 4...
 I loved the change in the characters acceptance of others and getting away from prejudging.  This included the very young boys to the older adults.
 The story was enveloping and compelling; touching. Even better, though, was the writing: the choice of words, the pictures that they created. Great writing. Here's a small example: "...eyes whose blue was so intense it was if he'd purchased pieces of the sky for their making."
 Every once in a while you read a book that is so well written, so thoughtful, so evocative that you have difficulty finding anything else<br/>to read, once you have finished the book. This book is meant to be savored, to be re-read and passed along to folks you love.  Gilead, Pulitzer prize winner, was my favorite book and now there is a tie.  I could go on and on but you just need to read this book.  It will touch your life and spirit, I promise.
 Nicely done.  Woven well.  I saw a bit of it coming but I only read mysteries and legal thrillers.  The story is told from the perspective of a young boy in a small town but I didn't find it juvenile - unlike Reconstructing Amelia. I enjoyed it as an easy read that kept me interested and I would recommend it.
 I enjoyed reading this novel by William Kent Krueger. The book was well written and edited. The characters were well developed also. This is the first book I have read by this author. I would definitely read more when I have time. The only part of this book that I didn't like was the religious factor woven through the story line.
 Another great read!  A boy's coming-of-age story that will tug at your heart, cause you to ponder about life and its choices, and may possibly leave you in tears as it did me, once I was finished reading.  Enjoy.
 IF you're looking for a suspenseful who done it type mystery this isn't as masterful as others I've read but if you want a book that's about God's grace during the hard times of our lives? This is for you.  Powerful book!
 This was a debut for me with this author.  Good, solid story with interesting characters.  There was an emotional undercurrent throughout this book that was its strongest point.  The pace of the book fit it but I prefer books with a quicker pace.  The narrator was a good fit for this book in telling the story.  Overall, very good.
 "Ordinary Grace" is an extraordinary book .. each word has been painted lovingly and together spun into this book that few people can NOT relate to.. No carelessly half done characters.. each character emerges in full color. After a long time, enjoyed a book so much! Bravo!!
 You will need Kleenex by the end of this book It reminds me of the early 60s and simpler times The characters will grab you and leave you in tears
 Written with eloquence and grace this is a story of a young boy's summer. The family dynamics, grief and mystery are so interesting that you glide through the story to understand the full story and all that it implies.<br/><br/>After finishing the book last night I can still hear the main characters voice and find it very comforting. Recommend!
 This story is beautifully written about a life-changing year in the life of a young boy. The young man experiences and writes about the deaths of  unknown, known, and deeply-loved people in his life. I think Grace is a key word in this novel. Characters in the book handle life's problems with anger, hate, indifference, or grace. The young boy becomes a man knowing that Grace is important in life. Not an ordinary story.
 First half was good but not a page turner. Second half couldn't put it down! Lots of good life messages in it too. Good mystery. Great characters.
 I loved the perspective - written from a 13 yr old boys point of view. Great story, creative and thought provoking. Fantastic descriptions of the summer adventures of young boys in a small town
 Childhood memories blur over time but the lessons learned stay forever. A riveting piece of fiction that felt so real.
 i gave this book five stars for profound impact it commands from from you.  The book is a combination of mystery, coming of age, love and forgiveness.  It will challenge you in how you handle anger  Don't hold on, move on.
 This is the first book I've read by William Kent Krueger. I bought it as an impulse buy because it was in a bin of books on sale. I had a very hard time putting it down once I started reading. The author describes events in the book in a such a way that I felt like I was there - I could see, hear, smell everything that the characters did. Even though the story is told in first person, I really felt the author developed the characters in such a way that I truly understood them. I will definitely be reading more books by William Kent Krueger.
 Two names come to mind in the reading of this:  Norman MacLean and Wendell Berry.  The strength of memory and the recognition of the power of faith. Not a closed, narrow faith but the faith that passes understanding.<br/><br/>For me, the discovery of a shelf of Krueger is troubling. How much time do I have to put into reading.<br/><br/>It is also a comforting thought.
 The writing is powerful. I lost myself in the story easily which is the result that I hope for and makes this a good book to me.
 Very nice.  Would recommend.  Coming of age story with no bad language.  Feel good afterwards.  Would read other selections from author.
 I couldn't put this book down.  It was excellent.  The story was told by a 13 year old, who is wise and perceptive of all that is going on around him.  Yet it is totally believable.  I cared what happened to the characters, and the story was well told.
 Excellent storyline, well told, well-developed characters, moving.  I can’t express how much I enjoyed this and I’m sort of a book snob.
 This is a good read/listen and well worth the time spent. The narration is well done and serves to hold your interest. i did not like the portrayal of the younger brother but understand the dilemma the author presented. It was just irritating to hear a person constantly stuttering throughout the story.
 As some of the main characters waver between godliness and godlessnes a tragic plot unfolds at the pace of the summer river flow. Tom Sawyer set in 1961. I was happy when godliness prevailed in the end.
 One of the best books I have read in awhile.  He kept me captured through the whole story.  I really had a hard time putting the book down but yet I didn't want it to end.  I wish every book I read gave me those feelings!
 In "Ordinary Grace" Krueger attempts to write a compelling novel without relying very much on the murder mystery format.  He partially succeeds.  The characters are well defined, even the man of God who is a tricky character to bring off.  Small town life is well depicted. The narrator is a likeable, unsophisticated 13 year old.  The adults try to shelter him by withholding information, so Krueger uses a variety of tricks to permit the boy to learn what the author needs him to; it becomes almost funny, but it does not interfere with the novel's impact.<br/><br/> Some of the writing is very good.  Even Ann Tyler would have been proud of the scene which gives the novel its title; in other passages Krueger talks of the sun getting caught in the branches, and a deep fog of fear and waiting.  Many Krueger analogies do fall completely flat, but that is only a minor concern.  My issue with the book is that I never got very emotionally involved with the characters and their problems - perhaps that is my fault, perhaps it is due to the device in which the story is written by the adult whom the 13 year old becomes, lending a certain detachment.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time.  Reminiscent of "To Kill a Mockingbird."  Well thought out characters.  Insightful and intelligent.  Not fancy, but honest and thoughtful people, foibles and all.
 I normally read legal and medical thrillers, but thoroughly enjoyed this. It captivated me from the start. I agree it is a modern day To Kill A Mockingbird. His opening comment on grace set the tone, and delivered.
 The authors flow from beginning to the end never drags nor races towards an end you're not ready for.  The emotion is set just perfectly to let you feel you're there and a part of that time.
 Good story.  A young boy coming of age and learning what forgiveness is all about.
 A very beautifully yet simply written story. I loved it on so many levels....for being able to take hard subjects and intertwine mercy and grace into them and the lives of the main characters.
 Set in the summer season of 1961 in New Bremen, Minnesota, the story is told from the point of view of Frank, the eldest of two sons.  Their father is a Methodist minister who originally planned an altogether different career.  Then a war came, which had a deep impact on him.  Ruth, his wife, is musically gifted and it seems to have been passed on to their only daughter, Ariel.  With supporting characters with different theologies, ideologies and life experiences, the author crafts a tale that shares three main tragedies in this town.<br/> Not all New Bremen residents are sure who the killer could be or even if the deaths are homicides.  Among the more prominent residents is a female composer who most think is addled and those who imbibe too much and too often.  Some of the younger characters are searching for an escape from shattered lives; others are recipients of cultural hate.  Note:  There is foul language in the novel that at times seems way too excessive and unnecessary.  There is a very brief scene where a man, who is still clothed, gropes part of a clothed woman's anatomy.<br/> I was born in the year this fictional story takes place, so I enjoyed having my own memories stirred of my youth.  When I started reading the novel, I wasn't sure how far I could read because of some of the language, but then the author would write for a long while before using that verbiage again. How the author takes community events, both positive and negative, brings them to the homes as topics the characters talk about as a family or with confidants made me wonder if we talk about what is happening in our communities as openly and honestly in our families today.  My parents tended to try and shield us from what was occurring, though like Frank and his brother in the novel, my siblings and I found ways to discover what was happening.  I think it probable that children want to know due to their love of family or other people, as well as knowing what's going on tends to bring more security than being left in the dark.<br/> The ending and prologue of the novel tie the whole work of fiction together to show us how our views change from that of a young child to adulthood, and that we tend to gain understanding as our perspectives are broadened.  I believe it is accurate too that we empathize with our parents when we become older even if we may not become parents ourselves.  Above all, we have a choice to either view life clearly with God or not.  The characters wrestle with their faith growing in response to the tragedies they and others suffer.  We can either grow closer to the Lord and others during trials or we can look elsewhere and come up empty.
 I've never read this author before, but I have to say this is one of the most beautiful books I've ever read. It's got a gorgeous tone to it, and the story is filled with lovely, interesting people. I can't imagine anyone saying this is a boring work -- it's truly been a joy living with these characters.
 great read, couldn't put it down
 This is a wonderful coming-of-age novel that, while entertaining and well-written and entails a tragedy, it is, nevertheless, uplifting.<br/>While the author is a mystery writer and this book won an award for best mystery, I don't consider this a mystery.
 I loved the fact that this story is told from the 12 year old narrator's point of view. That innocent, coming-of-age standpoint makes this novel. The reader senses the "Ordinary Grace" that probably would have been overlooked by someone much older. It is a story of uncanny life lessons.
 Although the events are foreshadowed in the very beginning, the tale unwinds slowly and suspensfully. The story was written in such a bucolic time, where innocent boys quickly grow up and discover dark things that linger around every corner.
 I very much liked this book. Krueger skillfully exposes some deeply human themes/experiences within a very well told story.
 I loved the poetry of this book, the narrator's search for sense through the past. I figured out the who-done-it part quite early, but that didn't deter me from finishing reading the book.
 This is the first book I have read by this author and he is absolutely wonderful.  Plan to read his series in the future.
 A fine period piece that blends a coming of age story with a character-based murder mystery drama.  It's not great literature and the mystery isn't all that mystifying but the book rises above standard fare with strong, credible writing and very good characters.
 Really enjoyed this book!
 A good and thoughtful story about faith without being religious. Well written and quickly pulled me into the story. Definitely recommend
 I am a fan of hard boiled detective fiction which this is not-but I loved this book-wonderful character development and a 14 yr old narrator who is simply pitch-perfect as he recounts this tale. This is uplifting in a real heart-warming way. Have started to gift this book to others who are not particularly mystery fans.
 Not what I expected having read some of the later Kent Krueger books but a good read none the less.  Recommend.
 A truly beautiful novel about a boy coming of age during a summer when his small Northern Minnesota town sees more than its share of deaths.  Murders?  Accidents?  Natural causes?  The son of a minister, he struggles with the nitty-gritty details of the events taking place around him even as he becomes aware of the larger, spiritual issues involved.  My favorite book this year so far.
 Our book club read this book for the month of May, and we all loved it.  Coming from a small town, I found the book to be nostalgic as well as suspenseful.  Because I liked the writer so much I have begun reading Iron Lake this month.  It's nice to know there are more in this series after this one, too.  Very good read, as they say!
 Wonderful kind of 'coming of age' story which takes place back in the days when kids could roam a small town with no supervision. Atmosphere is similar to that invoked by "To Kill a Mockingbird" w/o the racial overtones (thankfully).
 Riveting story with well fleshed out characters and storyline. One of my recent favorites. This book keeps you engaged until the end.
 A must buy, must read, must share, must keep book.  So magnificently told.  Totally engrossing .  A tour de force from a gifted storyteller .
 Beautifully written and powerful story.
 Entertaining audiobook on a long car drive. Rich characters and nice prose. The story lagged at times, but the plot kept me engaged until the end.
 A story told with such thoughtful and insightful writing is rare.  The characters are clear, real and memorable, and will stay with you long after you have feverishly read to the end.<br/>A book to recommend.
 I read this book several years ago. Loved it!  One of my favorite books of all time. I will read it again.
 A good story about a family and what they go thru with the Father being a minister.  Good Plot and good writing.
 There are certain books that you come across that leave you absolutely stunned and satisfied by the time you read the last page. This book is one of them. The imagery is amazing, the character development will not disappoint, and the plot is breathtakingly colorful. Keep in mind, this is not a mystery novel and although there are some elements of the mystery genre peppered throughout the book, it is largely a fiction novel that tells the story of a young teenager-along with his younger brother-who is thrust into the unforgiving life of adulthood at an earlier time than he wishes for.
 I bought myself this book for Christmas and I was not disappointed. It is well written and has a fantastic sense of time, place and character development. I highly recommend it.
 I don't need to go into the story:  you should experience it for yourself.  The story is lovely, the writing luminous.  I can't recommend it highly enough.  I've read it twice already.
 Loved this book. My parents were from the Midwest and my father is a minister. The story resonated with me and I enjoyed every minute of reading it.
 An outstanding novel very thought provoking, full of life philosophies, and a good mystery.  The only negative is that one figures out the who committed the murder at about 85%.
 This book should be retitled "A Terrible Summer." Good read about good people. Good story, but nothing overly fantastic. Recommended.
 An interesting read.
 This book is beautifully written and sometimes after you read a paragraph you just stop and take it in because it runs deep.  It's a nostalgic read about growing up in the 60's in a small town when kids went out and play.  They deal with some tough subjects such as murder, suicide, etc but at the end of the day it's more about forgiveness and grace.  Just loved it and it was an excellent pick for my book club. This will not disappoint.
 Not really much of a whodunnit - the who, how, and why of the main mystery is pretty well telegraphed. But it's a moving story of a defining moment for a young man, with good characters.
 It was beautifully written and wonderful characters. The family was very loving and functional. Not at all like mine. The father's character I would have loved as my dad. There was however so much loss and sadness.
 The  young narrator, Frank,  is leading us to his recognition of God's awful grace through a story filled with people who all are flawed and credible and have a hand in shaping his world. This is what really good fiction does for the reader, leading one to see truths about living in our hearts as well as our heads. I will give this book to friends.
 This was a great book, with a surprise ending. I had never read any of William Kent Krueger's books until my turned me on to<br/>"Ordinary Grace". I've already bought more of his novels. I highly recommend it to any mystery reader.
 Loved this book and found it hard to put down. This is rare these days.
 Probably a 3 1/2 star rating.  There last half of the book was really good.
 I just couldn't get interested in this book. Too slow moving and wordy. Too much descriptive scenery for me. Ended up skipping to end to find out what happened.
 Wonderful story of a  boy encountering death and moral decisions during the summer of his 13th year.  Told in retrospective this is an engaging and thoughtful work.  While a departure from the Cork O'Connor stories, this novel examines many of the same ideas in that series from a new and different perspective.
 I read this book as a recommendation from someone, it's not my typical read. However, I very much enjoyed the story. You really get a feel for the main character and his struggles. Even as a young man you feel for his pain and confusion.
 The story is focused on a year of one boy's life and the effects of deaths that occur during that time.  It's insightful and causes you to think about some of your own losses and how they affected you.
 A wonderful book.  Part of my enjoyment was that I grew up in the era in which this story takes place but it is more than that.  My wife  same generation as me] and then my daughter  obviously a different era] read the book after me.  All 3 of us give it 5 stars.
 I'll call it early. The best book of 2013. Hard character driven novel so tightly woven you won't stop reading because these characters will grab you by the throat. Krueger can stand and tell the world he's done it. Written a novel that you won't forget soon.
 One of the best novel I've read over several years. So tense! And the narration is fantastic!
 This is a moving story. It is  both humerous at times and so very sad at others.  I highly recommend it.
 I'm new to this author, but will be following his work from now on.  He writes poignantly about the beauty around us, and the things that trouble us.  The dynamics of the relationships in this book, and the underlying integrity of its characters, will stay with me.
 What could have been a mediocre mystery, turned out to be a substantial plot with exceptional character development. This was no page turner in the traditional sense. It was instead a book you wanted to continue long after it ended.
 One of the best written and interesting books I've read in a long time. Really made me think about life, and the paths we take. Reminded me a lot of the movie Stand by Me.
 Well written, funny, sad story of family, tragedy, growing up.  Characters are believable, so much so that I wondered if the story was true.
 Story of faith and understanding
 I would recommend this book to my friends.
 Once again, Krueger, kept me intrigued from the first word.  I picked up his first book because I like mysteries.  Added bonus, he's from Mn.  I keep reading his words because I know he won't let me down.  I can't wait to start  Tamarack County.
 I got through roughly half of this book before it occurred to me that the killer was an autistic/developmentally delayed character in the story. Really???<br/>I'm sorry, but developmentally delayed people are always the victim of abuse and assaults in the real world. Making that character the killer is not only impossible and ridiculous, it perpetuates misconceptions and fear about this population of people.<br/>If the author is reading his reviews - shame on you.
 Long, drawn out, and just boring. The dialogue is trivial and the characters are not memorable as you simply don’t care for what happens to them.
 Extraordinary. This book transported me to the same world inhabited by it's remarkably real characters. The storyline kept me thoroughly engaged and guessing to the very end.
 Very nice read. The mystery was easy to solve early in the book, but it was secondary to the story of the relationships and story of growing up.
 Good character development, and nicely written. I would recommend this book and especially recommend for discussion in Book Clubs.  Good read
 Deeply moving.  I finished this book in tears, the resolutions some compete not another word could be added, nor one taken away. This book truly approaches a masterpiece.
 It was OK. In the end, probably had too big of a build-up heading into it. Like Krueger's other novels and kept hearing how this was the best thing he'd ever written, so almost guaranteed to be disappointed.
 I can't believe this isn't on the best seller list!  The thirteen-year-old narrator gives us a story that is delicious for almost all reading appetites.  It is a coming of age story, a mystery, a story about community.  Its theme of death is handled with grace and beauty.  This is  a well-written book that grabs you right away and you don't want to put it down.  This is a departure from Krueger's series of mystery stories (Of which I am a fan) that are connected with the Native American community.  ORDINARY GRACE will be one of my favorite stories forever.
 Outstanding!  Brought tears to my eyes.  Great story about family life before technology.  Children played outside &amp; families ate together.  Interesting to see how family &amp; community reacted when tragedy occurred.
 I have so enjoyed the Cork O'Connor books and was hesitant with this book because, frankly, I just wanted another one from the series.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book, it was beautifully written.  Mr. Krueger has such a lovely way of turning a phrase, I find it such a balm to my soul.  He paints such a beautiful picture and makes you feel a part of the story. I hope that he will continue to write books out of the series because this was a delight.
 I liked this book a lot! Good family story, family dynamics.
 Nice low key tone.  A relief from regular sex and violence.  Characters are well-drawn and befriendable.  The mysteries maintain interest thoughout.<br/><br/>Theological thinkers should like the debate on "Where the Hell is God?"<br/><br/>But so dreary, death is all around.  One murder that doesn't have anything to do with anything goes totally neglected and forgotten.
 Interesting story. Love the father in this. Beautiful message. Forgiveness against all odds. I recommend this book. A little slow...
 a thoughtful telling of a young boy who has to grow up way too fast. the way the story is told reminded me of 'to kill a mockingbird' - I couldn't quite put my finger on it; perhaps it's the intelligent narrative coming out of the boy's mouth.
 This is among the best books I have ever read!  Given that I have read hundreds of books, including many novels, this is, for me, quite a declaration.  The compelling story, the historical nuances, the carefully drafted language, and the powerful insights this novel offers makes it stand out from the average fare we find on the fiction shelves today.
 I started to give the book a one star.  However, it is well written.  So much drama .. way too much drama.  Suicide, hair lip, gay, chain smoking mother.  4 murders.  The 1st murder is a hobo ... oh, well, just a vagrant.  I'm not giving away the story as this happens in the first chapter.  And on it goes.
 Loved this book!  I just finished but could go back and read it again!!
 Very surprised by this book. It was definitely a book worth reading.
 Very good. I couldn't put it down- I felt like I was there in Southwest Minnesota in 1961 and it will take awhile for the spell to break.
 I loved this book. Very well written. I couldn't put the book down.
 I figured out the murderer early in the book. Could have been more complex, but strong character development. I would recommend.
 A lovely coming of age story told from the perspective of a young boy. Wonderful characters. Highly recommended.
 Good story
 I really like anything by this author.  It was not one of the mysteries, but just a really nice novel.
 I loved this book.  Kind that you want to read again~
 Just a very enjoyable read, reflecting on a bygone era with a mystery tied in. Highly recommended.
 The book is very well written. The author writes in such a way you feel you are there. The characters seem alive. It has some twists and turns, and some good words of wisdom. I was sorry to finish it.
 What a gloomy, depressing book.  I ordered it based on all the great reviews and cannot understand why it was rated so highly.  In addition to the book being depressing, the reaction of the characters to situations that occur are extremely unrealistic.  I enjoy a great read that keeps you thinking long after reading but this book did not hit the mark.  Not even close.
 Told from the eyes of a 13 y/o boy in the 60's this book manages to be nostalgic, part thriller and also spiritual in it's message. Thoroughly enjoyed reading it.
 This goes in my top ten favorite books list. I won't even try to put it all in words. The writing is breathtakingly beautiful without being self-important,  a loving but fractured family, believable characters, mystery, and God's grace a thread running throughout.
 Nice writing of a story of a small community providing plenty to think about.  A bit of a mystery, the story keeps one wondering and has a satisfying ending but leaves one pondering the good and bad that can happen.
 Love this author - the book moves quickly and the story was really good.  Will def read more of William Kent Krueger.
 I read this gorgeous novel for a book club I'm a part of. It's fantastic! The writing is perfection, the characters are robust, and the plot (part mystery) keeps the train zipping down the tracks.
 Simply put one of the best books I've ever read.
 The reader is immediately immersed in a well crafted, edgy "who done it" novel. The characters are captivating.  A lot of bad happens to good people and the way each individual handles the ensuing pain and anger creates a disturbing, yet tantalizing story.
 Story is filled with interesting, flawed characters whose secrets unfold through the curiosity of a 13 year old minister's son and his younger brother.  Wonderful tale told masterfully!
 Really great effort.  After reading and enjoying his series so mu
 pleasure reading
 I really enjoyed this book - Frank and Jakie stole my heart.
 Of course being from Minnesota, it felt VERY right.  I also grew up in the 50's sooooooclose enough.  I consider it a good read when i delay going to sleep to see what will happen next.
 The characters are strong and the story is compelling.  I enjoyed this book immensely.  I would recommend as a book club choice.
 I have read all of William Kent Krueger's books in the series with Cork O'Connor and always look forward to a new book coming out in the series, which is one of my favorite series. I was excited to read a book by him that wasn't in the series, and what a delightful read this book is! I would say it is a perfect book. There isn't an extra word and there are no missing words. The only downside to reading such a great book is to experience what really good writing is and then realize that there's not enough books that are extremely well written.
 I rarely give five stars but this is a great book.  The story moves along, the characters are believable and everything comes together nicely.  I didn't want to put it down.
 Wonderful story that held my interest until the end. I also was held captive by one of the deaths in the story- the murder of the sister of two young boys.
 Such an engaging thriller told with such respect and elegance. Beautifully written, I couldn’t put it down.
 A lovely story set in rural Minnesota. A well worth reading story of coming of age in a small town, family, love and faith .
 This book engaged my interest from start to finish. While I enjoy most of the books I read, this is one which I intend to reread. While reading it, books such as;  A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Catcher in the Rye, and The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz kept coming into mind. Ordinary Grace is uniquely charming in its own right
 Wonderfully developed characters. Great storyline. Since I appreciate plot resolution, the last chapter was really critical to my overall enjoyment of the book. Would highly recommend.
 Very well written...loved how the story was told
 For me the story was sad and confusing. A town with a murderer and people with odd reactions. Not for me.
 If you like first person narrative and a young person's perspective you'll so enjoy this book.<br/>I saw it in airport and had not heard of the book or its author before. I downloaded it then and there on my Kindle.<br/>So glad that I did!!!<br/>Beautifully written. You'll question, faith and grace, believe or not.
 The build up to the climax makes waiting for the end an exciting ride.<br/>Great story and powerful characters! Good read!
 A lovely story about grace and redemption with just enough mystery to keep you turning pages into the night.
 The characters were well developed and extremely interesting.  The setting  of a small town in northern Minnesota played a major role in the plot of this story and that further helped define the characters.  I recommend this book highly.
 I think his best book.
 Not used to a "non-Cork O'Connor" book from Kent Krueger but found I really enjoyed this one! Easy read. Thoughtful and interesting.
 It’s a good read but overall not as impressive as I expected it to be. It might resonate more with someone who has faith.
 Great book! All characters were very mysterious, which added to the intrigue.
 Grace, what do you think it suggests?  Well written and satisfying read.  You read, knowing that every situation matters to the outcome.
 This book is a true gem. It is told realistically from the point of view of a 12 year old boy in small town America, circa 1961. The characters are real - flawed but basically good people doing the best they can to understand what has gone terribly wrong in their little town. Young Frank and his family show us the high road - they do not ignore or shrink from the dark side of human behavior - but, through faith, they can rise above their feelings of betrayal, anger and vengeance and not be mired in that darkness. They will not be the same as they were, but they will go on. This book perfectly captures a moment in time and holds it up to us, not as the overly romanticized time of innocence we sometimes think of the 1950s and early '60s as being, but as a time of family, of hope, and indeed, of ordinary graces. Never moralistic or preachy, just a beautifully written and quietly eloquent story.
 This is an engrossing well written novel that I would highly recommend it
 What a wonderful read! The writing was a learning experience mixed with a wonderful story. Enjoyed so much!
 An interesting story, more a Stand By Me wanna be than anything original but with enough Christian superstition for 5 books. It looks like the target audience might be adult children of small town ministers. Not really certain how many of those are around. I think I'll stick with the O'Conner series and skip the bible study from now on.
 Great mystery and full of surprises.  I will definitely recommend this book especially for book clubs.  An easy read that keeps interest all the way through.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book... echoes of "To Kill A Mockingbird",  I plan to read more of this author's work.<br/>You'll be glad you read "Ordinary Grace".
 A fairly interesting coming of age and end of innocence story set in a small Midwestern town and how the decisions we make we carry throughout our lives.
 I couldn't put this book down. I loved the characters, even the not so lovable ones. The twists and turns kept me reading far past bedtime!
 A great read.
 This was a change for WKK. It was a good read and had trouble putting down. I would recommend this book.
 I HAVE READ A NUMBER OF HIS BOOKS, ALL OF WHICH I ENJOYED BUT THIS IS HIS BEST! WELL DESERVED OF THE AWARDS IT RECEIVED.
 Not easy to do kids well in a novel, but this book nailed it.
 Great read!
 The writing in some cases is close to poetry.  He speaks from our heart.
 Well actualized characters that you cared about .A mystery but a story of life in the 60's also.I will read more by this author
 “Grace” has become such a rare trait in this volatile world.  The book was excellent and allowed a pause to reflect on simpler times.
 Loved this book. Kept me engaged all the way through and made me feel like I was right there in the story.  Had a very hard time putting it down, especially at the end. Would definitely recommend if you're in the mood for a good, emotional read.
 Thus is the first time I have read through the night just to see what happens.it had mgs hooked till the end.
 A touching look at a seemingly more innocent time for two young boys growing up and learning about life, death and everything in between.
 I loved this story and the profound imagery it gave me. Beautiful story told. Highly recommend this book. Just lovely. If I was still teaching - I'd be teaching this book!!!
 Excellent writing overall with just enough plot twists to keep you guessing.
 This is a beautifully written novel with easily relatable characters. It is a " coming of age " story confronting the universal problems of being human and offers a comforting solution of hope. Great story of family dynamics.
 It was a good book and kept my attention, but not a great book
 Very engaging
 He writes beautifully.
 Beautifully written and nuanced characters.
 I really enjoyed reading this selection for a book club Suspense, though provoking &amp; quick read
 This book took my breath away!  I could not put it down! The individuals in this book became so real to me, I almost prayed for them when I was saying my prayer the night I completed the book.
 Well written.  Captures the period of time very well.  Plot was interesting.  Characters were real.  I recommend it.
 A wonderful and outstanding story, I felt I was there and enjoyed the ride!
 Krueger is a story teller, not just a writer. This book, the first I had read by him, kept me wanting to sit and read. The plot is unique and intriguing; his characters are believable.
 With great respect for all his characters, he reveals their flaws, and we care for them still.  You will laugh and cry, and mature with this family. A wonderful read!
 I found this book haunting me to pick it up to conclude it.<br/>The intensity of the story reminded me of To kill a Mockingbird.<br/>The characters, to me, were so well developed, I felt like I was in that neighborhood.  I remembered things that were similar in my childhood.<br/>I am looking forward to more great reads from this gifted author.
 The author's personal opinions and progressive bias gets in the way of the story, all the time. White trash, bigoted white policemen and deplorable rich white males. All the good guys are either poor Christians, American Indians or Mexican migrants. After reading 40% I skipped to 50% and then to the last 3 chapters.
 Good Read.
 This is a wonderful book. I was once a twelve year old boy and the main character's inner life felt so very familiar, though the circumstances were vastly different. That's the kind of experience which, even all these years later, can be affirming for me personally; and that's a great gift for a novel to give.
 Got a little too religious and a bit predictable for me towards the end. Very enjoyable read. I like WKK's style of writing very much.
 This story held my attention from beginning to end.  Awful things happen but Kruegers way with words is gentle and leads the reader through it.
 I enjoyed this murder mystery. The characters were well developed and interesting.<br/><br/>A good read!
 A book that deviates markedly from his past work, but more than makes up for the surprise through the passion of the characters in this novel.
 A very good book. Our book club is reading it. One of the better choices thus far.
 Enjoyable read, really brought me back to simpler times.
 This book is a classic!  What a wonderful picture of a Southern Minnesota town in the 1960s...  and what a story of grace.  Wow.
 Excellant book I ws so impressed with the author I read one of his mysteries which was also good
 It's been a long time since I've read a book I couldn't put down. My vision is blurry right now because I had to finish this book TONIGHT!. I'm way past the age of being easily reduced to tears, but this book did the trick. I loved every page of it. It's sad, but it has a lot of redemption as well. I highly recommend Ordinary Grace.
 Beautifully written!
 I wasn't sure how to rate this book, it was well written but I ddin't enjoy it that much. It seemed to be slow moving and not sure if it was a mystery or coming of age book. It is told through the eyes of a 13 year old boy. The story of what happened one summer and all the deaths that happened.
 This isn't a crime novel; it is a crime novelist's attempt to write a coming-of-age novel.<br/>The boy Frankie tells the story. His actions and reactions to events are inconsistent and determined, not by what his character would do, but by what will advance the story.... sort of, because there is not strong plot development, either.<br/>The parents are hollow, faceless. The sister is way too good to be true: top student; brilliant, Julliard-bound pianist / organist and composer (who, inexplicably, was nonetheless required by her father to take typing and shorthand in school); beautiful; loving and sensitive daughter and sister; who played heavenly music for all events at three church congregations and STILL had time (if not the maturity) to transcribe the memoirs of her music teacher / mother's former fiance.<br/>The character who comes closest to 'real' is Frank's little brother, Jake, and it could be argued that this story is about him. He is open to, experiences and is changed by the moment of 'Ordinary Grace'. I would rather have heard him tell it.<br/>Mr. Krueger should stick to his knitting.
 Rich, deep, and poetic. A beautiful book.
 I really enjoyed this one! It’s simple but captivating and well narrated!
 Wonderful story about surviving the loss of a loved one. Very well written and intuitive.
 I really love my sleep, but I stayed up past 1 in the morning to see "who dunnit" and how it ended.  Enjoyable coming-of-age novel/mystery.
 I couldn't  put this book down.  The story and characters draw you in.  Look forward to reading more books by this author.
 Enjoyed ORDINARY GRACE--held my interest right from the beginning of the novel.  Would recommend to anyone who enjoys mysteries and human behavior.
 Great story, wonderfully written. Buy it!
 I would describe this book as a mix of "Stand by Me" and "To Kill a Mockingbird".  I enjoyed it, but wouldn't tell a friend it's a "must read".
 Really enjoyed this novel for many reasons but mostly because I connected with the characters and was able to ride on this emotional journey with each one of them.  This is a great read!
 Outstanding. Well written. Great story. What more could you ask for?
 Best read of the year.  Painful, as is life, and beautiful. Redeeming.
 Kept me turning the pages.  Two young boys and what happened to their family and the small town they lived in.  Lots of interesting characters.
 Good story with a lot of twists and turns...
 Very good
 Wonderful story.  Well written with strong characters.  Will recommend it as often as possible
 I loved this book.  It worked on so many levels and certainly gave me something to think about.
 Wonderful..loved it..heart warming characters..
 Love, love, love this book! Great novel about a family dealing with  loss. Keeps you engaged and  wanting to read. Love the characters and how real they are.
 Great book! Moving from beginning to end.  A nice change from the Cork series, but loved the book.  Terrific story.
 Read it!  Really moving with a lot of sensitivity!
 Excellent
 Loved this book and have recommended it to others.  I read it while on vacation and had a hard time putting it down!!  I come from a small town and have a Christian background so I found it especially poignant.
 This book is definitely on my list of all time favorites. Didn’t want to put it down.
 Once I started reading this book, I couldn't put it down.
 No comment
 Does anyone else miss a strong through-line here? I am on Page 160 and just don't care enough to keep reading. The main character, Frank, doesn't want any big thing that ties the story together. He wants a bunch of little, short-term things, but I find the novel flaccid for lack of central goal. Lots of good writing, and he brings this small-town and these characters to life. Unfortunately, that isn't enough for me. The first rule of story-telling is this, I'd say: The main character has to want something badly enough to take a big emotional or physical risk. It's the risk that makes the story work. That big risk is absent here.
 troublesome plotting. Death occurs and a young boy grows. A lot to admire here. Echoes of "To kill a Mockingbird". But one particular death has a less than satisfying explanation. The "killer" may have killed, but disposed of the body? Couldn't get past this and it was an unsatisfactory conclusion.
 Great story, narrative good too.
 Compelling; warm; real; a story with heart and thought provoking, an excellent family drama and spiritually enlightening in a subtle way
 I gave this 2 stars, not because it wasn't well written because it was.  the author nailed down the time period so well and Since that was my time period, I felt oppressed and couldn't wait to escape.  Unless you were a white male, Protestant and had a corporate job, this was not a good time.  So if you were born later or you are a WASP, I encourage you to read it.  The author employs an ingenious way to tell the story and although I knew "who done it" before it was revealed, it was well written and subtly encompasses the predictament of 'outsiders' very well
 This book had an interesting plot, but pushed a religious interpretation of events. It reminded me of the books that religious groups buy and donate to libraries and book sales.
 You are a very gifted writer, this will stay with me for a very long time. Can't wait to read another
 Good book, interesting
 loved it reminded me very much of to kil a mockingbird
 I like Krueger's books as a rule.  This one is different and very thought provoking.  The setting is familiar and so well described.<br/>The characters are thoughtfully and thoroughly described.  The dilemmas that each faces are real.  Anyone who wants a read that will make them think about grace will enjoy this book.
 Terrific writing and story lines.  I didn't fully get all the layers of themes, until I got into the story, but about a third of the way in, it pulled me in.  I will read other books by this author.
 Great coming of age story
 Great story.  I recommend it to anyone.
 Great structure and style! A believable yet heartening account of dealing with death and the struggle to see God at work in calamity.
 A quick, entertaining read that makes one wonder about events in our lives and how they shape us.  How events that seem impossible to comprehend at the time truly teach us amazing things about ourselves and others.
 Great story - slow but very enjoybable - well developed story line
 Beautifully written. The father reminds me of Atticus Finch; calm, wise, nurtering, and a solid human being.
 This books does a great job demonstrating how to deal with loss. I would recommend this book, it's a good read.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book and couldn't put it down.  Very good.
 Great book ---loved the character development
 I couldn't  put this book down. such a beautiful story, but also a bit of a mystery. I look forward  to reading everything that the author has written.  A great read.
 Great book! Good mystery
 Good read...enjoyed Minnesota story since I have roots there.
 Mr. Krueger's best book, yet. A great book!
 I have read all of the Cork O'Connor novels and enjoy them very much.  They are well written and engaging.  Ordinary Grace, however, is literature.  Mr. Krueger should be very, very proud.
 Love the story...writing is very good.
 Murder, insanity, suicide so gently told. Life's lessons so vividly learned and experienced by a small boy growing up. A tale that belong's in every family library.
 This book is reminiscent of To Kill a Mockingbird. It is both innocent and dark in places, revealing human nature as it was and will be.
 Excellent - love his writing!
 Too much sadness
 I loved this book. The brothers were wonderful. Easy read and much like the 60's families.
 Wonderful, couldn't put it down.
 If you liked To Kill A Mockingbird you'll love this novel. Krueger is our Minnesota treasure.
 Could not put it down. Cried, laughed and reread parts that were very inspirational to me. Can't wait to share with my book club.
 This was a well written story about coming of age, love and loss.
 A wise book, deeply moving, beautifully written with brilliant foreshadowing of events.
 A fast reading story of a Midwestern family, and how they deal with a terrible tragedy. Very well written, absorbing narrative. Do not pass on this novel.
 Stunningly, beautifully written. The story itself took twists and turns enough to keep me awake late at night reading, but the sheer beautiful language with which it was written took my breath away. I cannot recommend this novel enough.
 Loved this book.
 I have never written a review before, but really enjoyed most everything about this book.  The family in the story will stay with me for a while.
 Amazing writing, plot, characterization. Strong, relevant themes. Wonderful read!
 Didn’t want to put it down
 I had high hopes for this one. The amount of spectacular reviews kept climbing. I saw it on numerous best seller lists. One question comes to mind.....<br/>"WHY?"<br/>I did not even get through 100 pages. The writing is reprehensible. Although I am no editor, the lack of proper punctuation  (commas, specifically) often caused sentences to require being read numerous times before they made sense. Many run on sentences. Most characters were completely unlikeable and difficult to relate to at all.<br/>Incredibly disappointed that I wasted my money. Even more disappointed that I wasted my times. I have GOT to stop believing 4 and 5 star reviews.
 This was the first book written by this author that I have read.  It started a little slow but turned out a good read.
 Purchased this book after hearing it won the Edgar, the top prize for mysteries. Enjoyed the way it reminded me of a Southern summer novel despite its Minnesota setting. A mix of To Kill a Mockingbird and Stand by Me.
 A book I could not put down. Loved the book
 Great,  book makes childhood memories very vivid. I enjoyed.
 Beautifully written. Enjoyed the whole thing. Loved the interview with the author at the end.
 I bought this book tor read as my book club was reading it for the October meeting.  I liked the book, but I'm not giving it rave reviews as other people have done.  Its ok, not the worst book I've ever read but not the best either.
 Entertaining, deep, thought-provoking, memorable. I loved this book! Incredibly well-written!
 While this book was a quick read, it was full of thought provoking themes.  I often found myself making predictions to what would happen next!
 This book was multi faceted regarding rites of passages and complicated but realistic relationships . I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 Kruegers writing style is smooth, descriptive, creative and magnetic. When I wasn't reading this book, I was thinking about when I could be AGAIN.
 A compelling story with a very strong sense of place.
 Loved it.
 Good read and brings back childhood memories.
 Superb writing!  Excellent story!  This story was a PERFECT telling of a time in history when life was much simpler.
 Keep the tissues at hand.
 Ordinary Grace was an inspired story. Krueger drew me into the characters and their town, and once I began reading I could not put it down. Even though I suspected the killer, I was still surprised at the ending.
 This was a download from my local public library onto my kindle. Really like this author and this book.
 Good read
 Well written. overall good book.
 Loved it. This was my first book by this author and have just started the next one
 Great Story as told by a thirteen year old boy.
 This novel is a wonderful oasis to immerse yourself in.  Time, innocence, belief, portraiture and life all reveal themselves as naturally as the river that flows through town.<br/><br/>Similarity in childhood summer innocence theme as The Shadow Year by Jeffrey Ford.
 Great book!
 enjoyed
 Terrific story and great writing.
 Moving
 This book has all the components of an excellent read.  Well written, well-developed characters, insightful analysis of the human condition, and a compassionate view of life.  Kruger truly captures the mind of a young boy and his brother on the brink of adulthood encapsulated in vivid descriptions and honest portrayals.
 A wonderful read. Captured my attention all the way through. Almost hated to get to the end as the characters came to life for me.
 A 5 STAR NOVEL YOU WILL STAY UP ALL NIGHT READING!!
 I enjoyed reading this book and liked the writing of the author
 Reminded me of "To Kill A Mockingbird." I thought is was a great read. Once I got into it, I couldn't put it down. The author<br/>often keeps the reader in suspense. Loved it! Can't wait to discuss it at book club.
 A beautifully written, touching story of human relationships and God's "awful grace."
 Great read, holds your interest and a believable read.
 Wonderful! It would make a great movie!
 Best book ever
 Real messy lives with Grace. My best read of the year, thus far.
 I enjoyed the pace of the book I enjoyed the interesting twists and I enjoyed the spiritual references.  I would recommend it to a friend.
 Great book!
 This reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbird; it has many of the same elements. Wonderful and thought-provoking.
 Just finished this installment. I loved it. It gave such a new view of tragedy from a young boys point of view.
 GREAT characters, good mystery, awesome writing!
 Wonderful story of a family in crisis.  Beautifully written and compelling to the end.
 Three things done very well: a morality story; a coming of age story, a mystery. Good narrator. Well written. I enjoyed this.
 Enjoyed it.
 Loved it, very suspense filled.
 This book was nicely written.  The characters are interesting.  However, the plot falls short of being anything other then ordinary.
 I absolutely loved this book and was very sorry to finish it.
 Such a tender and sweet story!
 enjoyed reading
 Couldn't put it do. I fell in love with the characters and the blending of the personalities. I highly recommend this
 Reads well. Nice character development.
 Highly recommended. Powerful plot, poetic writing, and memorable characters. This novel is a classic with beautiful messages and strong characters,
 The Kindle version had so many punctuation errors that reading it became a frustrating experience and I could only manage about 50 pages.
 Poignant and beautiful
 This book just keep me reading.  I loved the lessons of looking at different points of view on others lives.  Also how hard it is not to judge.
 Very well written; insightful; thought-provoking. I would highly recommend it.
 Good book which kept my interest.  Told from the viewpoint of a young boy in a small town.  I recommend it for anyone who has suffered the loss of a close loved one.
 If you like Montana 1948, you'll like this story. Very well written and great character development.
 Really great. Got the texture of that time and space from the view of a young boy exactly right. Excruciatingly honest view of grief
 I normally love William Kent Krueger's novels, but like "Gone Girl" by Gillian Flynn, I loved 95% of this story and was totally disappointed in the way the author wrapped up the ending It seemed like he rushed the story, Mom came around way too fast, and I guessed the twist 50 pages from when it actually happened.
 Excellent story
 This is a beautiful novel of love, loss, pain, forgiveness and healing.  Krueger puts it all together as only a master storyteller can.
 Enjoyable read.
 I enjoyed every minute of this book,  The juxtaposition of childlike innocence and adult knowledge evokes memories of my own youthful misunderstandings.
 Truly a beautiful creation!
 Mystery, Romance &amp; Inspirational
 Loved the book and will find another book by this author!
 Wonderful coming of age story set in 1961 filled with depth of characterization.
 I read a lot and this is one of my fans.
 Writing style was nice and I guess it was a good description of a small town.  However, the plot was too predictable.  The bad guys were bad and the good guys were good.  Of course the Indian was set up but you knew he didn't do it.  Our narrator was very smart in solving the case but it did not make sense that he was wrongly totally sure of the murderer a couple of times.  Both mothers were psychologically devastated and nearly catatonic yet in the end both were apparently doing great.  What happened,  magic?  Not sure how this got an Edgar but a lot better books out there.
 It was a wonderful saga of family life of struggling family members after the death of their daughter, and how each family member handled the incident.
 This book was a wonderful read. An inspirational story told by one of the characters.
 loved it
 Long, descriptive take that initially was a hopeful glimpse into a coming of age tale. Mired in excessive detail one begins to find this story boringly predictable .
 Held my interest; well-written; engaging story line.
 Excellent read, even if you are not a fan of ice cream.
 One of the all-time best true to life books I've ever read.
 Excellent!
 Loved this book.  Couldn't put it down.
 Not up to Krueger's standards. It is clumsily written - unlike the other Kruegers I've read. It seems as if he had a limited supply of commas. Fairly often, I had to reread a sentence a few times to sort it out. Some loose ends in the plot, dismissed at the last minute.
 Great book, did not want to put it down
 Very entertaining little book.  I liked the title -- Ordinary Grace.
 A real page-turner
 Lovely sweet and real
 Great book...enjoyed from beginning to end
 Still reading it.
 one of the best books I have read.  I would highly recommend it.
 This is the best book I have read by Krueger.
 Great story, couldn't put it down.
 I kept trying to give up on this book but it wouldn't let me go. Kinda like the awful grace of God.
 Great, fast read. Perfect for vacation.
 First book I have ever read in one day - and I have read many.  I enjoyed this one very much.
 I loved this book and its message of faith and forgiveness, without being preachy.
 Great book with well developed characters. Loved it!
 This was a great surprise from krueger.
 An interesting and complex cast of characters, a birds-eye view of a small town in the Midwest set 'back in the day', and a hint of mystery.
 This is my first disappointing Krueger novel. I found it slow and unbearably boring. The characters were weak and uninteresting. The plot thin and overused. Not much of a stand out.
 Puts  into words very challenging experiences and emotions.
 ! enjoyed the book and thought it to be interesting
 Excellent character development. Good read.
 Good story but predictable
 Great read
 Loved this. Can't wait for book club so we can talk about it in detail!
 Beautiful story, beautifully written.
 Just such a pleasure to read. Obviously a masterful author. Suspense and beautiful writing. Perfect combination
 Flat characters, predictable, nothing special in my opinion.
 Wonderful book.  Krueger is a great story teller.  Enjoyed from the beginning to the end
 A pleasure to read.
 I LOVED IT. I HAVE TOLD FRIENDS TO READ IT.
 Loved it.
 It was very well written.  Highly recommend.  Especially if you like books that are written in MN.  You're familiar with the area.
 I was really liking this book.  Unfortunately, pages 152 to 179 were missing.
 Good
 Really enjoyed the book
 It's  predictable well written pap about country life and Christian  values. It's okay, but I won't read any more of this author.
 it is called ordinary yet the story is not so ordinary. I like it.
 This is one of the best novels I have read in a long time. Excellent story, well written, and good message.
 Great book! A must read.
 Beautifully written; an engaging and compelling story.  I couldn't put it down.
 Exvellent book.
 Great!!
 Well crafted and told. An excellent read.
 Very good reading.  I could hardly put it down.
 This book is extremely slow moving and after managing to get a quarter of the way in with nothing happening to pique my interest It's time to give up. The writing is decent but the character development is mediocre and I've really formed no attachments to any of them.  Considering the glowing reviews, this was a big disappointment.
 Interesting!
 It reminded me of To Kill A Mockingbird.
 This book started off really well. The author paints a great picture of the town, the time, and the people. But the it falls apart around page 200.  I can get past the fact that the story only progresses through the eavesdropping observations of a 13 year old (which is amazing considering exactly how many times the narrator and his brother sneak out, disobey parents, and happen to overhear all relevant plot points - at around page 175 it became laughable).  I can get past the one-dimensional characters - the evil deputy, the trusty sidekick, the tortured artist mother, the saintly father, and even the closeted gay character. What I can't get past is how stupid the plot got at page 200 when we start to figure out who the actual murderer is.  It's as if the author realized at page 200 that he had to wrap it up, so he reached into his trusty bag of cliche and deus ex machina to end the story.  Just so very disappointing.
 This is the best book I've read in ages. I couldn't put it down, and I can't stop thinking about it.
 The book was pretty good as a coming-of-age- in-the-60s tale - worth 4 stars.  I'm giving it only one star because it was an Edgar Award winner and I was expecting a mystery/thriller/suspense book.  This book really had no mystery about it and it certainly wasn't a thriller and there was no suspense as the killer became obvious and essentially incidental to the rest of the story.  Descriptions of small town life and the characters were well drawn if not vivid - sort of slow and plodding like life in a small town can be. I admit to skipping 50-100 pages about half-way through. Family relationships were believable, but it is the relationship between Frank and Gus that drives the narrative.  Both this Edgar Winner and last year's winner, The Girl on the Train, were disappointments in the mystery/suspense/thriller department.
 Lackluster writing and pretty predictable plot.....at least I think so, could not read past 70 pages
 I have read all of Krueger's novels and have enjoyed all.  Which is why I bought this one the day it was released.  I'm only half through it.  Not sure I'll make it to the end.  Boring.
 Disappointing.  Took a long time to get nowhere.  Stopped reading 1/3 of the way through.  Not worth the time!
 You know how the fact that a recent mass shooter possibly had Aspergers was paraded around and it really hurt the parents of Aspergers children because then people might think their kids are violent? Well, having a beautiful daughter that I'm crazy about who has autism makes me feel hurt, too, that novelists are using Autism and Aspergers so insensitively. Dean Koontz does this, too, but in a different way, which I'm not going to get into here. I don't even want to get into Krueger's novel here as it relates to autism so I don't spoil this novel for others, but I'd say you might be hurting families having to deal with this devastating diagnosis. If your child does not have full-blown autism like mine does, you don't know what it's like, so you might want to be careful. Don't speak of it so lightly and also don't speak of it so incorrectly. You create some very wrong stereotypes. Besides, it's disappointing and even lazy in a novel when there are so many other mentally capable and evil characters who could have had some decent motives for a crime.
 I felt the book was not described well.  I returned the book, and Im still waiting for my credit.
 The book is well written, but rather boring and predictable as other reviewers  have pointed out. It occurred to me, as I read the book, that this is a tale about small town 'Christian" America. These are the intolerant people who insist on saying a Christian prayer before every public meeting, living with guns, voting against access to health care for everyone and a decent minimum wage, and some reasonable immigration reform. In other words, this is Tea Party America. Even the Republican Party is tired of their very unchristian vision of America.
 A different take than his usual mysteries, he writes clearly and holds your interest until the last page.  I am proud to read about my Minnesota heritage.
 I have read this book twice, and loved it both times.  There are threads of sorrow and hope that run simultaneously through the story. While terrible things happen, you never lose sight of the fact that the living must keep on living, even in the face of immense sorrow.  The very meaning of the word "grace" is extraordinary.  Grace is a gift, something that we cannot buy or earn. It's given freely. I think the title reflects that piece of our lives where we don't  recognize grace for what it is because it comes in such an ordinary form - the kindness of a friend, the patience of a husband,  consistent love in the face of someone who maybe doesn't "deserve" it.  All of these come into play in this story one terribly tragic summer. Somehow, though, the book never goes dark.  I think it's because the voice of the 13 year old Frank is so, well, frank.  So honest and refreshing.  Without giving away the story, I especially understood how he felt guilty for enjoying life for a moment, after such a terrible thing happened. The story is full of (I thought) symbolism...all the big pieces seemed to happen near or on a bridge, by the river. As though they crossed from one side of life to the other, while life kept flowing on by. Extraordinary story about ordinary grace.
 Caveat Emptor: Ordinary Grace is not a Krueger crime standalone like The Devil's Bed.  It is a mainstream novel set in 1961, more specifically, a coming-of-age novel.  Speaking 40 years in retrospect, Frank Drum describes his life in rural Minnesota.  His father is a protestant minister, his mother a musician.  His younger brother Jake stutters and his (also musical) sister Ariel has a harelip which engenders teasing and worse.  A psychologically-wounded former Army mate of Frank's father lives with them.<br/><br/>Frank's mother was once in love with a neighboring musician who is blind.  His sister is deaf and cannot hear his masterful playing.  Not a pretty picture.  Then people start to die: a young boy, an `itinerant' and a member of Frank's family.<br/><br/>The principal arc of the story consists of the establishment of the small-town setting, an introduction to the lives of the characters, the death of Frank's sister (at about 2/3 of the way through the novel) and the family and local authorities' attempt to discover the perpetrators of the murders (if they are, in fact, homicides), the discovery of God's grace and a path out of grief and hopelessness.<br/><br/>Like most mainstream novels, the pace will be slow for crime fiction readers.  The prose, of course, is superb, since William Kent Krueger is an excellent writer.  There are moments of psychological and spiritual insight, captured in memorable lines, but the story is not profound and life-changing.  It is a relatively straightforward coming-of-age tale in rural America, where the faces are friendly, on the surface, as pain and suffering seethes an inch or two below.  Religion both helps and frustrates, as some of the characters turn to God in their sorrows and some turn away.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the book and recommend it to mainstream novel readers.  Admirers of Krueger's Cork O'Connor novels and his excellent standalone, The Devil's Bed, should be aware that this is a very different kind of book in a very different kind of genre.
 Beautifully written, poignant but never preachy, this is a book of loss and redemption. His language is never arrogant but is close to prose, and the characters, their strengths and flaws, are so believable and compelling that the book is hard to put down. Each character has issues, each is painfully human. Each is lovely in their own broken way. I loved the real ness and the rawness, the flow is perfect, and some of the subtle truths will find you tweaking a little bit deep in your heart, where perhaps you have felt their struggle yourself. This is a must read.
 Ordinary Grace - that is a compelling title and what attracted me to purchase the book.  It just seemed to move slower than I wanted the characters and plot to progress.
 I usually read book club picks. This novel popped up on Amazon as a suggestion for me. It was in a sense a mystery but it was so much more. I could feel the heat and smell the country. I was transported to the flats in the sixties. I would have been the same age then.  It was a fast read and made me question the existence of a higher power b
 Simply a wonderful book and well worth reading.  Selected randomly for my book club, I was very impressed with the story line and writing and was immediately drawn in and read the entire book in an afternoon.
 Not a Krueger fan but a friend said I should give this one a chance...glad I did.
 Received in good condition.
 Really good book.  loved it.
 Very deep story of family.
 Well written and captivating
 I'm an avid reader always looking for that special book or author. I've found one. This story contained well written characters, a caring family and a mystery that held my interest till the end.
 Wonderful read
 I just finished this book, and am speechless. I feel welled up inside like I need to cry.  I don't know if I'm happy or sad. This book was absolutely the best.  There are no words to do it justice.  I could not put it down.  I  read it in only 3 days.
 A wonderful description of life in the 1960s for a young teen and his family. The tragic events covered are told without unnecessary descriptions of violence but in such a way that you understand what had taken place.<br/>I love the descriptions of the town, the community and felt very much as though I could see it.<br/>Characters were woven well and interacted with one another in a believable manner.<br/>I really recommend this book.
 Well written family saga set in the 60s.<br/>The author sets the narrative on a teenage boy.<br/>I enjoyed the flow of the book. I found it insightful of<br/>Human  character.
 My mom wanted me to read this book.  I found the author to be a wonderful writer with a style that was very different from what I was used to. He held your interest, and kept you wanting to read more.  I loved the book.
 A great story -reminds me of when I grew up in a small Midwest town.
 Good book and easy to read.
 Fast service, great merchandise!  Thanks!
 A real page turner!
 provocative!
 This is the best book I have read in many many years. You feel like a part of this family and experience the life, joy, terrible sadness and horror of their lives that summer. You realize how the events of their lives are so much like parts of yours and everyone's life...and how we live our lives....by the awful grace of God. Congratulations on a moving and unforgettable reading experience Mr. Krueger.
 one of the best.
 I didn't enjoy this one as much as the ones in his series but still a good book and worth reading.
 One of his best, familiar yet new.  Met some new people in a familiar Minnesota location.  A good mystery from one of the best.  I had heard him a year or so ago talking about this book and was looking forward to it.  The book didn't disappoint.
 A good read.
 Wonderful read.
 "Ordinary Grace" by William Kent Krueger is an exceptionally well-written novel of coming-of-age in a small town in Minnesota during the summer of 1961. The narrator is Frank Drum, son of a Methodist minister, who tells the story forty years later about the summer that was filled with death when he was thirteen and his brother, Jake, was eleven. Five deaths stun the Drum family and the town of New Bremen, MN. Forty years later, Frank still isn't sure that he understands that time in his life and says, "I still spend a lot of time thinking about the events of that summer.  About the terrible price of wisdom.  The awful grace of God."<br/><br/>Frank is outgoing and not afraid to speak his mind or to constantly ask to go along with his father to certain places even when the Rev. Drum is hesitant but says he can tag along.  After that battle is won, Jake hardly ever fails to go with them, too.  This was the only thing that consistently bothered me about the book, that each time the father had an important visit that included adult conversations, Frank always asked to go along and the father almost always allowed one or both boys to go. The two boys learn more than they should over the course of the summer, and each will carry his own guilt and sadness until they find the wisdom and forgiveness they need.<br/><br/>The mother of the boys, Ruth, is a smoker, which her husband's parishioners aren't fond of, and Ruth isn't the typical Methodist minister's wife.  When Ruth married Nathan Drum she thought she was marrying a lawyer.  Nathan changed his mind about law school and went to seminary instead. Ruth was never totally happy about that change, but she could sing and managed the music for the three small churches that her husband held services for each Sunday.  Ruth turned the choirs into something that people looked forward to hearing.  The Drum's daughter, Ariel, had the same talent for music and composing and had plans to attend Juilliard in the fall.<br/><br/>This book holds a mystery when one of the five deaths is a murder, but it also speaks of wisdom, secrets, forgiveness, the love of family, faith and miracles.  There are some very beautiful passages that I felt the author poured himself into, allowing the reader to perhaps see a bit into the author's heart.  There are a few mystical events, but they fit into the story so well that they are almost expected, and I love how the author created the title of "Ordinary Grace."<br/><br/>This is the first of William Kent Krueger's books that I have read, but I look forward to reading many more.
 Ordinary Grace by William Kent Krueger is both a poignant and touching account by narrator Frank Drum, who, as an adult looking back on his childhood, finally comes to terms with the uncontrollable and unpredictable nature of death and sadness that relentlessly engulfs the Drum family and people of New Bremen one summer. As death acts indiscriminately, taking his classmate, a stranger, and even his beloved sister, Frank’s whole life is turned upside down. However, it is the way the people of New Bremen process the agonizing feeling of loss and overcome their grief that makes this novel a true masterpiece. While Frank’s father, a minister, holds steadfast to his faith, Frank’s mother declines into emotional withdrawal, and Frank doesn’t quite know what to do, other than try to get to the bottom of the mysteries surrounding the circumstances of each death. Don’t get me wrong, this novel will not answer all your questions about life and death; that’s something you’ll have to find and experience on your own. But what it does do is provide a tangible story, as we have all experienced loss of some sort, that assures you that you are not alone, and that these feelings of bereavement are not only understood but normal. You’ll find yourself pondering questions with no answers: What is our purpose in this world? Who is this “God” we worship? And why do bad things happen to good people? Perhaps we never truly “get over” certain events in our lives, but Krueger shows us that through the support of each other and the awful grace of God, we live on as better human beings.
 ORDINARY GRACE<br/><br/>This book is filled with mystery and small town doings set in New Bremen, Minnesota, in 1961.  For a small town, New Bremen has its share of deaths -- be they murders, suicides, or accidents.  Narrated by Frank Drum in his middle age, Frank recalls his thirteenth summer living in New Bremen and how the deaths that took place there affected his life and the life of his family and friends.<br/><br/>Frank and his older sister and younger brother are the children of his father, a minister, and his mother, a housewife and music lover.  Frank and his siblings are typical of the early 1960's and I loved the small town life Frank recalls.  The deaths that take place in New Bremen that summer have the entire town in an uproar and even though life goes on, fingers are pointed, questions are raised, feeling safe is a thing of the past.<br/><br/>We follow the Drum family through this summer and see how their lives are affected by the deaths.  In young Frank's mind, he can't stop trying to figure out if there is a murderer out there.  Why are there so many deaths taking place?  Who -- if there IS a murderer -- would be committing these horrible acts?  Do Frank and his brother Jake know the murderer?  Or is there even a guilty party?<br/><br/>The author writes nicely and neatly; his prose is at times breath taking.  The characters are very independent and super life-like.  The story line moves along well, but I will admit that I figured things out pretty early in the book, a feature I do not enjoy.  For me it was pretty easy to realize what happened to whom and why.<br/><br/>However, I did enjoy this book and would recommend it to others.  I just wish that the story line was not quite so transparent and predictable.<br/><br/>If you enjoy a nice read with a little bit of mystery, some down-to-earth and very well written characters, a little religion thrown in, and a book set in a small, close-knit town with people full of secrets and at the same time, good values, then this is a book you would probably enjoy.  William Kent Krueger does a good job remembering the sixties and placing great characters in this time frame.
 I purchased this book at a conference where I met the author. As I stood in a line a few minutes later, the woman behind me spotted the book. "You haven't read it?" I replied, "Not yet." She smiled. "Oh, I envy you!" Now I understand exactly what she meant. This is a delight. The book describes the events of the summer of 1961 from the memory of the 13-year-old boy. It captures the slow pace of the Midwest, the heat of summer, and the feel of a small town. From the beginning, the reader is drawn into the events as they unfold. The storytelling compels completion. The narrator is a reliable witness, and the story is thoroughly satisfying.
 This s story is set in rural Minnesota in 1961 and narrated by Frank the 13 year old preacher’s son. It is beautifully written and evocative of that earlier time.  I am of that age and it brought back to me how obedient we were , how we respected our parents. Frank is trying to come to terms with the death of his sister - th e whole family is having difficulty understanding it.  The thought processes of Frank are well recorded.  His younger brother ,Jake follows him in everything he does .  Jake has hidden depths and an extraordinary ability to understand broken people. Nathan, the father, is the kind of sympathetic pastor we’ like on our side. Ruth ,the boys’ mother , is musical and gave up her musical ambitions when she married.  She organises musical events in the church and community but mostly channels all her past ambitions into her musical prodigy daughter, Ariel.  Ariel’s murder hits her hard, hits the whole family hard.<br/>All these characters are so well done and so real to us.<br/>My one quibble with the book was that Frank gathered so much of his information by eavesdropping on adult conversations.Too many times I thought.  And then I remembered doing the same thing as a child.<br/><br/>This was the first book I read by this author.  It won’t be the last.
 In William Kent Krueger’s coming of age novel Ordinary Grace, where two boys encounter death in multiple forms, he weaves accounts of faith, love, tragedy, alcoholism, stereotypes, and war all together to form a beautifully crafted masterpiece. Recounting the summer of 1961 when he was thirteen years old, Frank, a rambunctious teenager, narrates a story that upholds the underlying idea that true wisdom is born of overcoming ultimate hardship. As his tale encompasses the unfaltering faith of his father Nathaniel Drum who is a minister, his brother Jake’s travails of stuttering, and post-WWII as the setting, readers are overcome with senses of hope and poignancy that accompany the pain of growing up amidst an evil world.<br/>Undeniably, I thoroughly enjoyed the novel. With its simple design of a pink, cloudy sky and train tracks overtop a river, the cover, at first glance, emanates a mysterious aura. Then reading the story, I was intrigued from cover to cover at the tale Frank told, and I can honestly attest that there was hardly anytime I spent with the novel out of my hands. Krueger's choice to write from the point of view of a teenage boy, undergoing the transition from innocence to knowledge of evil, impacted me personally, and I often found myself lost completely to the thoughts of a thirteen year old boy. For instance, with reference to Officer Doyle, a crude World War II veteran, blowing up an innocent frog on the Fourth of July, Frank learns of the darkness and violence that war can impose on its surviving victims. Upon the emotional scarring of this event, he truly recognizes that there is a malevolent force, daring to enrapture the weak-hearted. Whether it was through the motifs of train tracks (as portrayed on the front cover) or of the symbolic beer cans littered around New Bremen, I learned from these objects and their association to the characters that there is no true escape from pain; unfortunately, pain, especially at its worst, demands to be felt. However, the deaths and bigotry that we humans so facilely revert to when we are angry or fearful is simply located within the depths of our own souls.<br/>While I could very well argue that Kreuger could have improved his novel through clarifying a few aspects that were left unacknowledged, like the unclarified purpose of the Native American Warren Redstone and his small, cryptic box of captured treasures or why the innocent, young Bobby Cole’s unforeseen death on the railroad tracks appeared to have been a homicide, I believe there was a purpose in his doing so: some things we will never know, but those are out of our hands; they are out of our control, and we must simply leave them up to faith.
 I think this is one of his best works so far..possibly even the best.  I know he wrote what is on his heart and it seemed he had been inside my head because I think I have a bit of Frank in me. Perhaps we all do. Kent always make me feel like I am home in Minnesota and  this time is no exception. He NAILED what it was like growing up in Minnesota in the 60's.  As in all his books, you can see the story in your head, the tressel, the sleepy town, the church, the river, the small town talk, and so much more.  The story unfolds and it is so easy to see through the eyes of a young boy who wants so much to be older and wiser and has regrets and secrets and one summer that changes his family forever.  So many layers to this book, but it comes off as a well told story told by an old friend.  Loved it.
 There's a reason this book won the 2014 Edgar Award for Best Novel; it's one of the best stories I have read in a long while. Mr. Krueger weaves a story about one summer in 1961 and the events of the summer: how it affects the town but especially how it affects the narrator. This book rivals the best of the genre: James Lee Burke, Michael Connolly, etc. I thanks Mr. Krueger for telling this story; it was a joy to read.
 This is a great book that will remind you a lot of To Kill a Mockingbird. Both are narrated by adults looking back at pivotal events of their childhood, and there is more than a little similarity in the high-quality characters of the their fathers. An engaging read.
 Mother-in-law enjoyed the book.
 Over the years I have loved to not just read William Kent Krueger's books but discuss the themes that he includes in each and every one of his novels. In the book ORDINARY GRACE we are given not just the greatness that is childhood innocence but the power of the truth.<br/><br/>Through the character Frank Drum we are taken into a time and place where things seem to be going from bad to worse. Sadness gives way to anger and suspicion which leads to individuals forgetting the importance of humanity. Through each sliver of the story we are given an opportunity to see the world as it appeared to those we meet, and each action allows us to understand how our decisions can have a lasting impact.<br/><br/>I felt that the way Krueger told the story through Frank's eyes offered us the opportunity to try to see the facts without real judgment, but it also allowed the reader to understand that we are prone to judge, even before the facts are clearly understood. In the end we are all victims to who we are and what our vices might be, though we can do our best to try and temper what we feel with what truly is. That is the challenge of Frank Drum and those around him.<br/><br/>Ordinary Grace reminds us that no matter where we live or who we are there are so many things that unite us. We all know what it's like to love and to experience lost, but we also have the opportunity to look for the lessons that life would have us learn.<br/><br/>This is one of those books that will have you transported to where the characters are and have you not wanting to leave them as it ends. That is a sign of a real page-turner. That is what Ordinary Grace is for me.
 This is no ordinary book! It is a charming, thoughtful, compassionate story that takes place in the summer of 1961 in a small town in Minnesota. It has wonderful characters, delightful scenes, soul wrenching drama, along with important lessons and heartfelt nostalgia. Definitely put this on your must read list!
 Found this book easy to read and a page turner! Most enjoyable. The characters are well developed and capture your imagination. Recommend it highly.
 wonderful story and page turner
 Very well written. Fast moving story. Great character development. Couldn't put it down. Great bookclub read.
 This was one of the best books I've read in years. I'm truly impressed by the quality of the author's writing and have read several more of his books and plan to read more.
 Like this book a lot.
 Loved this book!
 LOVED THIS BOOK
 This book was dificult to put down.  The story flowed very well while you met all of the characters.<br/>  This mystery kept you trying to decide who did it.
 This is a beautifully written book. The summers and people of Minnesota come back in this narrative. Definitely recommend reading.
 Great human interest story, loved his writing style, made me laugh and cry, hard to put down - definitely had my attention all the way to the end!
 One of the best books I’ve read in a while. Just read it!
 The word pictures of time and place are wonderful. Since I am of the same age as the protagonist it was easy to identify with him and with his pictures painted in words. I think anyone who appreciates good American literature would enjoy this book.
 Well written narrative of a murder in a small town. Author created flesh and blood characters and related them to the story. I found myself understanding the issues with each family member, especially the Father. Read this book when you will not be distracted, the reader cannot put it down.
 Selected for our book club group and I'm sure it will be a lively discussion
 This story is rich with unique characters in a small Minnesota town. It is told from the point of view of the middle child of a minister and a musically talented woman who thought she was marrying someone who would become a lawyer. Frank’s younger brother, Jake, stutters and follows Frank around like a puppy dog, rarely speaks, and attempts to keep his older brother on the straight and narrow. Jake was my favorite character. Frank stretches his parent’s limits as well as the limits of sensibility.<br/>A sequence of deaths over a single summer adds suspense to the novel, but the novel is about the struggle of a family to stay intact. The meaning of the title of the novel came in my favorite scene late in the novel.<br/>A highly recommended read. Get used to few commas, but rarely caused an issue.
 As advertised
 Really enjoyed this book. Kept thinking of To Kill a Mockingbird.
 Couldn't put it down. Highly recommend
 Loved this book.  God people dealing with death and grief, but balanced with grace and love!  Once I got into the story I could not put it down!
 I connected with this book almost immediately.  Hard to put it down.  The images and descriptions reminded me of my own childhood.  Good read!
 This author has a great voice, and his plot was most excellent.  It is a good read.
 I really enjoyed reading the book. I could identify with the father, being a minister myself. I really enjoyed the small town setting—it has its good and bad.
 I loved this book, loved the characters, the time period written about and even though I figured out who the killer was, I didn't want it to end.  Simply one of the best books Ive ever read!
 The feeling I had was the same one I had from watching "A River Runs Through It". A rich, rewarding book.
 I've read the whole Cork O'Connor series written by the same author. When I checked out this book from the library, I didn't realize it had nothing to do with Cork O'Connor! However, I was pleasantly surprised and instantly hooked. I think this is one of WKK's best books. The author brings you to a simpler time in a small town that seems idyllic yet has an undertone of suspicion, gossip, discrimination. This book is also a mystery but the storyline does not dwell on that - it dwells in human nature, feelings, understanding, forgiveness of others and of yourself. Whether or not you figured out "who did it" doesn't matter. It is a book to enjoy and reflect upon. I think WKK writing has improved considerably over the years (the O'Connor stories have gotten better over the years) and this is probably his best writing yet.
 Great book
 I liked this authors writing. I liked how he was able to show the characters changing over time and the mystery added intrigue.
 A wonderful and moving story reminiscent of To Kill a Mockingbird.  Filled with memorable characters and beautiful wisdom. A must read.
 It's a book about family, faith, community and its tragedies.  This story is told from the perspective of a 13- year old boy and portrays all the feelings he experienced  facing death so close to home.
 This is one of the worst written books I have ever forced myself to read. I got it because of the high percentage of 5-star reviews and what a mistake I made getting it since I would have benefited more from reading the 1-star reviews.<br/><br/> First of all this writer does not know how to properly use commas and that makes for some very confusing writing and it's especially true when using subordinating conjunctions which require commas if the dependent clause comes first and can cause quite a bit of confusion and makes readers have to keep rereading the same sentence over and over in order to understand it. And the author has a fetish for the word "and" and I never saw so many sentences with hundreds of ands in them and it wasn't a style thing and it didn't help the writing one little bit and I got so bored I found myself skimming and I'm guessing I didn't miss a single thing and that's just bad writing.<br/><br/>Though I was disgusted by the bad writing, I was convinced that any book that won the Edgar Award for Best Novel had to have a good mystery, so I kept reading. What a mistake. The "mystery" wasn't one at all. The plot was contrived. The characters were cardboard, at best. The dialogue was insipid and could have been left out. The setting was trying too hard to be Mayberry only with a Reverend instead of Sheriff Andy.<br/><br/>Spoilers ahead. The narrator Frank is unbelievably stupid. He and his brother Jake, aged 13 and 11, respectively, spend the summer going everywhere they're not supposed to go, listening to the most inane adult conversations, eavesdropping on every single person in the book, all the while claiming to feel bad for telling (or not telling, as the case may be) stories about other people then worrying that the other people will get arrested or killed because they didn't tell the whole truth. So ridiculous. If this is a coming of age story, as some people wrote, then it's the most boring and contrived one ever.<br/><br/>Frank's sister Ariel, who gets murdered, is too cardboard to even like. She is supposedly so talented musically that she won a scholarship to Julliard and makes Frankie hear angels every time she plays the organ or the piano or sings, but she sneaks out at night to meet a man (later revealed to be her own mother's first love, an old, scarred, blind guy, Emil, who dumped the mother because he was such a great musician but never amounted to anything and came back to HickTown USA), gets killed, is revealed to be pregnant, and is basically one of the most boring characters ever written. Getting killed is the most exciting thing that happens to Ariel, who even has a silly name.<br/><br/>Frank's parents are stereotypes: the guy who went to war, got damaged, changed careers, became a minister, has so much faith in god that he gets over every single tragedy in his family in about a page and a half but can never get over what happened to him in the was (and we never do learn what happened to him in the war). The wife who was dumped by her true love, married a guy who was a law student and changed his mind and became a preacher, who doesn't believe in god, drinks, smokes, can't cook, moans about her career as a musician or singer, I can't recall which, but it doesn't matter because she never does anything realistic in the book.<br/><br/>Other stereotypes abound: the town drunk who has a heart of gold, the inane deputy sidekick, the lone "Indian" who's found to have the dead girl's possession, the rich family in a mansion looking down on everyone else in "The Flats." It's too boring to list them all.<br/><br/>The mystery is not a mystery at all. The sister Ariel is found dead, killed with a blow to the head (and if you don't figure out whodunnit by the time the crowbar first appears in the story, then you need to turn off the TV and pay attention to the book), and Frank runs around blaming every adult male they can think of, only to find out that it was the poor little rich deaf girl who almost clobbered him with the crowbar, and that his brother Jake knew all along, or at least suspected, and never told anybody because the girl "is already in a prison, isn't she?"<br/><br/>Now throw in lots of Mayberry scenes that have nothing to do with the plot. The local barbershop where Frank and his brother read comics and a magazine but don't get their hair cut. The local swimming hole where Frank and his brother get into an altercation with the local town bad boy. The basement of the church  where the town drunk, the deputy, and somebody else play poker and think they're hiding it from the Reverend but he knows all along. The local cemetery where the town drunk "carves out" graves for the dead.<br/><br/>Even the back of the book is misleading. It says it's a summer of deaths, listing "Accident. Nature. Suicide. Murder." There's no suicide, only an attempted one. The accident that kills the young boy is just thrown in for kicks, I guess, since there's no point to the boy's death, not even for the narrator. The "nature" death is a heart attack, I guess, of the hobo, and is only in there as a way to introduce some "danger" because the kids are hanging around hobos and railroad tracks.<br/><br/>Pass on this book and spend your time in a more interesting way, like cut your toenails while watching reruns of The Andy Griffith Show.
