 I eagerly anticipated this book for two reasons that don’t fit well together.  First, although I do not know the Obamas, I have several friends who are close personal friends of both Michelle and Barack (this results from my attending law school while Barack was teaching, and living in Chicago for some years thereafter).  Second, I am not particularly a fan of their politics, although I obviously have nothing against them personally.  Thus, I think I can offer an objective view of this book—and I found it both moving and worthwhile.<br/><br/>What comes across most in this book is Michelle Obama’s lack of self-pity combined with clarity of vision.  I suspect this was a difficult book to write—she knew that whatever she wrote, somebody, and maybe a lot of people, would criticize her for it.  She therefore focuses quite a bit on what might be called practical insight and empowerment, rather than on settling political scores.  That’s probably a wise choice—after all, her husband’s terms as President showed that very few people were interested in political settlements or compromise.<br/><br/>The first third of the book covers her childhood (“Becoming Me”).  Contrary to the stereotype of Democrats as the party of the elite, Obama’s childhood, at least, was working class.  She grew up in the lower middle class South Shore neighborhood of Chicago; her father was a boiler operator.  Obama grew up in a stable household where her parents made their high expectations clear, though family life had its challenges, especially her father’s falling ill with multiple sclerosis.  Still, she managed to go to Princeton, then Harvard Law, and then to work at the ultra-prestigious Chicago law firm of Sidley &amp; Austin, where she met Barack (and where my wife worked, a few years after that time).  I started law school in 1991, when Barack had just returned to Chicago from Harvard; he was much talked about even before he began teaching at the University of Chicago, because a high-powered Harvard graduate did not often choose to return to community organizing, rather than working for a white-shoe firm like Sidley.  In contrast, Michelle Obama makes clear in this book she’s the organized, path-following one, who shows up on time, unlike her husband, which is probably why law firm life suited her better.<br/><br/>These initial years with Barack form the second third of the book (“Becoming Us”); one can tell that Obama struggled with her husband’s political ambition, because being a political spouse always imposes tremendous costs on the one not running for office (and she is explicit she has no interest in herself running for office).  In fact, she talks at some length about the couples’ counseling they had to go through as a result, though it seems to have worked out for them!  All of this is quite interesting, and much more readable than the massive biography of Barack that David Garrow wrote two years ago, “Rising Star,” which defeated my repeated attempts to read it, by having far too much irrelevant detail.  Michelle Obama does not make that mistake here, for which the reader, or at least this reader, is grateful.<br/><br/>Obama closes the last third of the book with what was probably the hardest part to write, “Becoming More.”  She talks about the stress, but also the opportunity to offer her vision, that being in the spotlight meant, and she criticizes Barack’s successor in office in no uncertain, but in measured, terms.  At the end, she remains optimistic, but one gets a little of the feeling that she isn’t certain her optimism is warranted.<br/><br/>I have a lot of sympathy for Michelle Obama.  Every person in power, whether that power is direct or indirect, is always ultimately frustrated, but it must gall her to see the contrast between her husband and Donald Trump.  I think that she picked the right path of not making that the focus of the book, though.  She’s a grounded pragmatist at heart, or at least so it seems from this book.  And we could all use a lot more grounded pragmatism, so her contribution to public discourse with this book is (unlike many political autobiographies) both illuminating and valuable.
 dislike
 I believe I always loved Michelle Obama.  Her grace and dignity always seemed to come as a gift from above.  Her spirit is so incredibly deep and strong.  The stories from her childhood, her brother, her neighborhood, her family, inform us in a brilliant voice about what it was like in the place and time she grew up.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama has the empathy and the depth of character so missing in her media portrayal.  I always felt worried that we were suffocating her.  But there is a Michelle Obama who is bigger than the words on a page.  She knows our pains, and she understands our lives.  And we know her in this book.  In this most private book, we know her in a way we could not have otherwise.  Interesting that nothing here surprises me, it only affirms what I felt like I know:  Michelle Obama is a person like us.  She worked and suffered and overcame.<br/><br/>Her storytelling skills are exquisite. It left me a little breathless to hear her voice, unfettered and real.<br/><br/>I love the photographs.
 Michelle Obama is my voice, a voice that may never be heard with thoughts, feelings and experiences similar to mine yet they don’t matter until now. Thank you Mrs. Obama! For being the voice of this African American woman❤️ Everyone should buy this book!
 A window into her life so far, Michelle Obama gives us endearing, insightful, honest memories. From growing up in a working class household in Chicago, to leaving the White House residence, her story is unique and thought provoking. If you admire and respect the Obamas, you will like this book.
 I read a lot of negative reviews, but I don’t understand why. I enjoyed reading her story from her perspective. Some parts made me sad; however, I’ll always view Michelle Obama as a role model.
 Slow and boring and self boasting.
 The last thing I wanted to read was a shallow minded patting on the back. I thought with the education, the time would be well spent. I was wrong.
 If you are an insomniac this book will definitely help that.  A real snoozer.
 Worst piece of crap ever
 Was a joy to experience Mrs. Obama’s perspective on current events and revelation of her past (and present) life experiences. She’s open, honest and forthcoming. Fantastic read. You’ll enjoy it.
 I enjoyed the entire book. Thank you for writing it!  I truly believe many young girls will read the book and know they can live with honor like you.
 Poorly written, silly comments in bad taste, this is not a good book for a lady to read
 I was amazed reading this book. It tells the unbelievable transition Michael made to become the first lady. A great read for the whole family.
 The rating is strictly for the production of the book and not the content. I decided to purchase a couple of copies for my Mother and I. I have the book on audible and wanted a hard copy to write notes in. In the picture you’ll notice that there is a hint of ink on a number of the pages. I took a picture of the following pages for comparison. You can’t read them at all or some pages are so faint that if you hold a bright light, like the flash of my camera, you can see the print. I’m obviously returning these copies and hoping the replacements don’t turn out the same.
 Stuck to the book. The reading is so pleasant. Reading the Preface I laugh, got intense and cried, can’t wait to continue reading.  I love her even more!
 I started reading and couldn't put it down, finishing it literally 24 hrs after delivery.  Michelle Robinson Obama's story is one of challenges met, hard work tempered with good sense, and above all, how a few key people in a life can support a young girl and elevate her, so that she, in turn, can elevate others.  It is a wonderful, heartfelt, true story of HOPE in a world gone far too cynical.
 Awful!
 This is the most worthless garbage ever put into book form.
 Inspirational and powerful. I loved this book.
 Self-congratulatory and conveniently missing a few events.
 This book is so inspiring. Michelle Obama certainly is “good enough”!  What a joy to read such an uplifting message from her. The Obamas were such a “class act” to have leading our country for eight years!
 Amazing!!!!
 Great read! I would definitely recommend it to any person who is in need of some inspiration! I probably will read it again 🙂
 This is an interesting, beautifully written book by one of the most admired women in the world. The book includes many personal details about Mrs. Obama's background that I didn't know about and enjoyed reading. I loved the photo section. Michelle Obama, thanks for being such a great role model while you were in the White House -- championing exercise and good food for children and speaking your mind with grace and courage. We miss you.
 Terrible!!
 Full of misleading statements and untruths.
 Discs were defective. All static.
 What a joke.
 The near rags to riches story of Michelle Obama is a gripping one worth reading. I didn't want to put it down. The Obamas spent 8 years in the White House without scandal or outrage. We may never see that again!<br/>She is an admirable woman and a fine role model. From a child living in government housing projects on the poor South Side of Chicago to Princeton to living in the White House, she proved herself to be a woman true to herself. Now she is one of the elites, but the book shows she doesn't forget her early days and she is filled with compassion and caring for others less fortunate. The book gives the feeling that if you knew her you would be friends because she is real and down to earth.<br/>The book succeeds in showing women they must find their voice and speak up and believe in themselves. I applaud her and the book. It brought tears to my eyes and deep appreciation for the Obamas. The book is not self-serving. It is honest and straight forward. Her brief comments on white racism also gave me a new understanding of what blacks have endured. Racism is shameful and I am now more aware of it.<br/>In the book Michelle asks the question women and girls ask themselves, "Am I good enough," and she says the correct answer is "Yes I am."<br/>In the book she also say as she left her husband alone working at night in the Treaty Room into morning hours, she wondered sometimes if his more than 300 constituents knew how lucky they were (he was president).  I can answer that. "Yes we did!"<br/>And to this day millions of us weep because he is no longer president and now no one is working in the Treaty Room to protect us.
 This was a very interesting book to read!
 Not a good book!
 I wouldn’t read this trash even it was free. Huge ZERO plus rating.
 Boring and predictable.  She’s Not what a working woman you’d imagine would be portrayed as.  She’s entitled and while she ties to comes off as a great American she said she never was proud of this country until....remember?
 Amazing read. Mrs. Obama is a treasure and her honest, thoughtful words and dignified grace make me realize just how special of a person she is.
 not worth the read rather read
 I read through this and skipped several pages through chapters.<br/>One of the worst books I have ever gone through.<br/>The lies, misleading statements and poppy cock drama to get you to feel bad or believe something that is not true or half true.
 I loved this book.  It is her story and I love the ways she tells it.  The obstacles she overcame was amazing.  It was worth every dime I spent on it!
 I have to agree with some of the other critical reviews- this book is very self congratulatory and overall on the dull side. It was hard to get through in its entirety.
 not worth reading
 I thought she did an really good job of showing us the human side of who she and Barack were. If a buddy of yours grew up to become the president or first spouse, and it was sort of a fairy tale, a book like this would show the underside, or the real side, of the process.<br/><br/>Just like Hillbilly Elegy by J.D. Vance, this book shows us how some Americans "make it" from the ground up, but that it's not easy. Making it is a quicksilver process, requiring such ingredients as intelligence, timing, hard work, luck, happenstance....it's scary how many things can impede the chances of good, smart kids. Michelle Obama chronicles how she managed to make it, and she deserved her good fortune, but she would be the first to tell you a lot of it wasn't up to her. Which makes you sad about all the kids left behind. Or let's be honest: all the kids who are murdered before they can fulfill their potential. Obama is frank with kids who're struggling against the odds, and in this as in so many other issues, she doesn't get down and helpless over the burdens. She encourages us to accept what is and work around it. I found that empowering.<br/><br/>Her description of meeting and getting to know, then falling in love with, Barack, is really interesting. It was NOT love at first sight! They became friends, and then sweethearts, and then, over time, deeply in love. We get to see what Barack is like--truly, that's the stellar aspect of this book, it's so candid! Michelle isn't afraid to complain and speak honestly; she struggles as a young adult and a working mother, then as a political spouse. You really see the sausage-works of political campaigns.<br/><br/>The book wasn't gripping, but it was interesting. I've always thought she was super-smart and clever, and that seems true, but when she mentions she's not overly introspective, I found that hard to believe. However, by the end of the book, I wondered if it was true, because she minimized some events in her life that would have been compelling had she gone deeper. She was the first / only black woman to do X, Y, and Z. I feel quite sure she ran into a hell of a lot more obstacles than she shares, and in that sense, she kind of minimizes her astronomical climb. How many kids from the hood get into Princeton and Harvard, and then succeed as well as she did? And when she got hired at the white-shoe law firm, what did that really feel like? Ah, well. A missed opportunity.<br/><br/>There is so much to like about this book, the little vignettes about life in the White House, for example. The policy issues were less interesting; the human issues more so. All in all, a worthwhile and enjoyable read.
 Love to listen to books narrated by the author. Makes the book come alive!
 This was an American story that all should applaud. Family,love, education,commitment to hard work and listening and trusting your own voice! Over coming obstacles,rising above the negative with grace. Thank you for sharing your life and being a voice for so many that have not learn YET to trust theirs. "Becoming" is a book all should read regardless of your political affiliation.
 Thank you Michelle..
 Don't waste your money.
 I didn’t keep the book for myself, but the recipient was happy
 waste
 This is an important book that will be on bookshelves forever. You not only peer into the White House, but into the life of a family.
 Talk about a stuck up person and how she views our great nation.
 Awful just awful
 Self serving and predictable. Dont waste the time.
 Absolutely love how open she is with herself and her journey!
 This rating isn't about the contents of the book. Certain pages are missing the words! There is very faint ink and it would be impossible to try and read it. Going to return and head to my local book store instead.
 I’m inspired. Which of late has not been easy to do. Mrs. Obama opens up and gives a real look into her heart and mind and experiences in a way that was authentic and original.
 Not worth reading, lots of hype but definitely nothing special.
 I loved the honest and fair sharing of a life and experiences that would be unaccessible to anyone otherwise. This is a book everyone should read for a perspective that shows a side of a person rather than a public figure. This will be required reading for my children at my house. Thank you for this book and the hope you have offered all along.
 Michelle Obama's book, Becoming, is a book that grabbed me from the beginning and became an obsession for me until I finished it. I felt as if I were living history in a very personal, human way by seeing it through her eyes. I love her honest, humble view of who she is, where she came from, and what she did to benefit others. I'm sad to have finished this book as I felt I've been spending time with a woman with whom I could be a good friend to.
 Dull, uneventful and unrelateable.
 Bought 6 books for a book club.  All six have about 5 pages that are totally blank (same exact pages) and a few other pages the print is very faded, but still legible.
 I enjoy reading presidential memoirs, including those of the family members.  Regardless of political party affiliation, our presidents are part of our collective history. I thus couldn't wait to get a copy of this book, both in print and in audio version.<br/><br/>I've always admired Michelle Obama for her poise, and for her calm demeanor while her haters mocked her for every little thing.  This book is not a revenge book, hating on those people.  Instead, this is an honest memoir of her life, from her childhood in a poor but loving home in south Chicago to her life as a First Lady and the year after leaving the White House.  Michelle is articulate and passionate about her husband, her daughters and her immediate family.  She comes from a solid middle-class family who saw the importance of a good education and has early influence by some of Chicago's biggest politicians.<br/><br/>I quickly switched to the audio version as I'm too busy right now to read much.  It's clear Michelle came from a loving home with parents who encouraged her to reach for the stars.  She loves her brother Craig and her parents, and cares deeply for her close friends.  She admits that she is a "box checker" early in life. Her voice cracks when she recalls her college friend Suzanne's early death of ovarian cancer, the death of her father, her relationship with Obama and their early years of him in the Illinois State Senate.  She's open about her early pregnancy, her annoyance with Barack's constant lateness, his smoking and his sloppiness and her need for order.  There is no doubt she loves Barack, but public service is tough on her as a young mother with a career of her own.<br/><br/>Barack's ambition to run for the Senate and then the US presidency is rough on Michelle.  Life in DC is not easy for her.  She faces sexism and racism from all directions.  Hurricane Katrina and its damage to New Orleans and how it affected especially poor black people affected Barack and Michelle.  Katrina opened her eyes to the injustices in both the health and criminal aspects toward poor and black Americans.<br/><br/>Michelle's strength is honestly recalling her time on her husband's presidential campaign.  It shows how this country dealt with racism at its highest order. My biggest surprise is how much negativity the Obamas got from within the black community, and comments from well-known black commentators and black organizers, as well as other professional women.  She does not shy away from mentioning names.  She spends a lot of space on the first presidential campaign and how hard it is for her to get used to the criticisms from the right-leaning media.  Having a black man with the audacity to run for the US presidency got a lot of opponents riled up, and required Obama to get secret service protection 18 months ahead of time.  She is described as "disgruntled, angry" by the right-wing media and those words hurt her.<br/><br/>Despite what some reviewers have mentioned, though, this book is not a Trump-bashing or Republican-bashing book, although she admits that some of the things Trump has said about her husband angered her.  She mentions this briefly with 2:48 hours left on the audio version. That is also when she mentions that the Republicans were determined to make Obama a one-term president.  She focuses on her life with Barack, his campaign, the transition period and his years in the White House fighting for healthcare, better gun control, and better public schools.  She stayed by his side despite some painful moments with him.  She describes Barack as an optimistic, hopeful, bookish, cerebral man who listens to people and enjoys intellectual conversations, and who even under pressure maintains a calm demeanor.<br/><br/>She also has a few tender memories of her reaction with President George W Bush and his wife Laura, and a genuine friendship with the Bushes (and the Bidens) .<br/><br/>I compare this memoir to that of Laura Bush, (whose memoir I also listened to) who faces many of the same expectations as First Lady, and endures the same struggles as wife of a president.
 First of all, I’m happy to report that I’m writing this review AFTER I read the book, and it’s not completely based on my past and present political views.<br/><br/>With that being said, I didn’t completely love the book. I was expecting Michelle Obama to be a little less guarded in it, and go a little deeper into her personal thoughts and struggles; to be a little bit more candid. I also wanted to find out more about how life is in the White House. On all of those fronts, this book mostly doesn’t deliver.<br/><br/>Mrs. Obama is an incredibly intelligent woman, and on top of that, she is a lawyer with an Ivy League education. That background has largely influenced this book, which feels like it’s been edited for any possibility of risky statements or disclosures. It feels too safe, too guarded to really be authentic.<br/><br/> She focuses a lot on presenting a very clean version of her life (her family was perfect; it was loving and supportive, her mom was without any faults, her father was equally perfect and he handled his disability with pride and no complaints). Is that realistic…? While her family sure must’ve been quite amazing, and I’m sure she loved it very much, nothing and no one is really perfect. I just couldn’t buy it.<br/><br/>For some reason she barely mentions Harvard. She goes into quite a bit of detail about being a black woman at Princeton, but she dedicates maybe a half of a page in the book to her time at Harvard mostly talking about how she didn’t have time to reflect on what she wanted to do in life during the intense studies to obtain her law degree. That’s it. It made me very curious about what happened at Harvard and why she or Harvard itself didn’t want that to be in the book.<br/><br/>She is clear about not liking politics and not really wanting to be in politics, but provides very little insight into how she transformed from that stage to seeming to really enjoy being the First Lady (she was terrified Barack Obama wouldn’t be elected for the second term). She mentions very little about her marital struggles. She does say at some point they went to counseling, but again, it’s a brief mention, and ends at that. She seems to describe nothing but only marital bliss after that.<br/><br/>I did appreciate that she mentioned having a miscarriage, having to go through IVF to conceive, failing her bar exam at the first try and getting into Harvard from a waiting list. But I did notice one thing about the tone of the book; Michelle Obama is determined not to focus on anything negative. She mentions her miscarriage very briefly and almost dismissingly by saying that they’re very common and happen to more women than we all think. That again, takes about a half a page to a full page. Her IVF is mentioned, but again quite briefly.<br/><br/>She describes her life almost with a sense of distance at times. Focusing on events not feelings or emotions. There were few passages of the book that felt more personal, and I enjoyed them. The part where she says she skipped the final ball of the inauguration night (the one she was most looking forward too), because she was simply too exhausted to go. There is a part where she writes about Sasha thinking that nobody came to see Barack Obama’s acceptance speech the night of the first election because the streets were empty, and that in that moment she realized that they were emptied because now they were traveling with the President Elect. She describes how it felt like to see for the first time the heavy security surrounding her husband when he became the president with the massive helicopters, motorcade, snipers, secret agents, etc. That gave me goosebumps. I enjoyed reading about that tender moment when Malia got an ear infection on vacation in Hawaii, and when Barack Obama had to choose between leaving her and Michelle Obama alone to travel back home to cast a vote (an important one) in the senate or staying with his family (which did need him).<br/><br/>I was disappointed that she didn’t write about how life has been after leaving the White House. Yes, there is that one toast she made, but other than that, it’s mostly undisclosed in the book. Do they miss it? Do they get to enjoy their lives now more? What’s next for them (other than creating a foundation in Chicago)? The book doesn’t talk about that.<br/><br/>In summary, I do recommend the book. Michelle Obama is a good writer, and she is likable. She writes about race, and family life, and being a working mother, and friendships, and politics. It’s still an interesting read, if not a little bit too safe.
 Not what I expected, horribly written. Very uninteresting.
 Despite my waning eyesight and the horrific pain that is part and parcel of living with a terminal illness, I couldn't put this book down. For 2 straight days, every moment I was awake was spent with Michelle Obama's written voice, reminding me of better times when I'd dared to feel emotions such as hope. The Obamas have only been retired for 2 years, but it feels like 20 lifetimes have passed. If there is anything even quasi-positive that can be said of the current, hideous presidency, it's that trump has managed to make whatever time I've got left feel excruciatingly longer.<br/><br/>"Becoming" is a bittersweet read, but excellent nonetheless. After finishing it (I even read the acknowledgments!) I closed the book and cried for a bit, allowing myself to wonder for the first time how different my illness might have turned out if the GOP cared even 1/100th as much as the Obamas did and do about the wellbeing of ALL Americans. Put bluntly, had the Republicans not put an axe to Obamacare, I might have stood a chance. I might have lived long enough to welcome my first grandchild into the world or travel to all the places I've only dreamt of experiencing. At the very least, were it not for a vestige of slavery known as the electoral college I'd be able to afford medical care and medicinal relief from the all-consuming pain.<br/><br/>Beyond how the book personally affected me, there is so much to be learned from it. From little bits of trivia (I had no idea the 1st family has to pay for their own food and highly doubt the current occupants do) to the Obamas relationship with Queen Elizabeth II, "Becoming" was utterly absorbing. It was heartwarming and at times heart-wrenching to watch President Obama's ascent through his wife's loving eyes. You could tell how much it affected the 1st Lady to see her husband grieve over the death of his mother, a doting mom who--had she been able to hold on just a couple months more--would have seen her son elected to the US Senate. And then to watch the very same thing happen all over again to his grandmother directly prior to being elected President of the United States... lets just say you really feel for all affected parties when reading the story through Mrs. Obama's eyes.<br/><br/>What was especially refreshing was the candor with which the book was written. She didn't gloss over her personal imperfections in the hopes of coming across as saint-like nor did she whine about the unfairness of things Republicans and the media did to her even though it would be understandable if she had. (She's definitely a stronger woman than I am!) All in all, the beauty of the book was in the realization that Michelle Obama unfiltered is just as inspiring, hopeful, and dignified as the Michelle Obama who'd been constrained by the office of 1st Lady for 8 years.<br/><br/>It's impossible to finish this book without remembering how truly lucky we were as a nation to live under the loving, devoted leadership of a man wholly dedicated to serving our country with every fiber of his being. He gave 110% of himself even to those who'd made up their minds to despise him. I have to say it broke my heart reading about all the Obamas did with and for the military when that same military all too often talks of him like something they stepped in. O'Neill, for instance, the Seal who happened to fire the kill shot at bin laden, frequently disparages President Obama on Twitter. (He also makes sickening references to the way he killed 1 of bin laden's sons.) O'Neill looooves trump of course--a treasonist, KGB loving coward--but disparages the very man who gave that Seal his opportunity to go from an unknown soldier to a recognized somebody. Unfortunately, O'Neill is neither the 1st nor last seal I've heard discuss President Obama in a negative light. That newly elected congressman with the eyepatch who got into it with SNL recently said on "New Day" that seal morale is high under trump, but was low under Obama. I don't know what the hell is being taught to the seals, but the vast majority of the ones I've heard speak have been blatant racists. What has trump done for them other than be white? He doesn't visit combat zones, he disparages gold star families, and he couldn't be further up Putin's ass if he tried to be, but morale is high? Ooookay.<br/><br/>Despite 8 years of watching Michelle Obama be called everything from an ape to a "tranny" she still believes in going high when others go low. Pat Robertson was scandalized when she dared to wear sleeveless dresses, but claims melania trump's nude lesbian photos are "art." This alleged Christian man saw neither grace nor beauty in Michelle and her daughters, but insists that the KGB plant living in the white house (aka Svetlana "I Don't Really Care Do You?" trump) has both of those attributes. Umm... really?! The woman has had so much plastic surgery that she barely has eye sockets left. But melania is a white, racist, unapologetic birther so the "good" pastor apparently finds grace and beauty in her anyway. (Come to think of it, Pat Robertson is probably the seals' official spiritual advisor.)<br/><br/>I don't give a damn what the racists say; Michelle and her daughters are gorgeous inside and out. Their beauty isn't bought in stores or under a plastic surgeon's scalpel. Their toned physiques and radiant skin pay testament to lives lived healthy, happy, and well. Their regal features are striking in their elegance and beauty. And come on now, Michelle Obama's ever so slight overbite is downright adorable!<br/><br/>Michelle Obama remains my 1st Lady just as President Obama remains my president. I genuinely admire their ability to go high, but I don't think I'm capable of becoming that person again. Every day I grow a little weaker, every day the pain becomes a little less tolerable, and every night I go to sleep knowing the odds of waking back up become less favorable each time. This book took me back to a better time and place, to the person I'd been the whole of my life prior to 2016. I thank Mrs. Obama for that parting gift. I'll sleep tonight feeling more at peace.
 This is such a great BOOK!!!!! It's hard to put down. It catches your attention from the first page and beyond.
 First and foremost, Michelle Obama thoughtfully demonstrated the dilemma of balancing family and a professional life as a wife and mother. The book also demonstrates the qualities of a good marriage and remaining true to yourself when everything you believe in is distorted by political power. I especially love her honesty, beautiful humility, and her obvious love for humanity.<br/><br/>I applaud the fact the book was not overwhelmingly about her husband. However, sometimes it seeps through just a bit too much. This is natural because the woman loves him deeply and he is an inseparable part of her being.  This is where I thought the book lacked some discipline. I expected her to go deeper. I wanted to know more about her thought processes, what makes her think like she thinks, who of what shaped her life philosophically, an analysis of her legal mind.<br/><br/>I read this beautiful memoir but I leave still not knowing the woman. I think there is still another book in Ms. Obama—a more analytic one.  She is much smarter than this book alone.
 If you're into leftist PR, this should be your cup of tea. If not, buy the latest sci-fi novel, there's more truth in there.
 This book is very well written. Michelle shares her life with us in an intimate way and I find it truly inspiring.  Her life story is an account like no other and very special. I can't put it down and I am so glad that she wrote it. Thank you, Michelle!
 I really liked Michelle until reading this book. She constantly referenced skin color and was so big on " woe is me, black skin, raised on the southside". It was constantly mentioned throughout the entire book. Listen, not all people with white skin are born with a silver spoon in their mouth nor do they judge a person by the color of their skin. Not all white people are like the current clown in the White House. Having said that, I think the book had a few high points, it shows what truly good parents the Obamas are . I've always known that Barack is a stand up person and  an excellent president, this book definitely confirmed that. I was interested to read about Michelle's father's struggle with MS, that hits close to home. I feel that Michelle's obsession with black vs white has caused a bigger divide in our nation, how sad.
 She is one of the most gracious First Ladies of the USA. I love her memoir, she is very straightforward and honest about the challenges of being the first black "First Lady", what I specifically relate to is in her Preface when she wrote that she has been the only black person in a number of rooms - this resonant with me because as a Chinese-American married to a white guy who is an officer in the US Army, I am usually the only Asian person in a number of rooms myself... and while the military is very diverse on the enlisted side, it is still very predominantly white in the officer side; you definitely notice the feeling of being an outsider during spouse events. A very good read and inspiring book for any woman.
 Best memoir ever. I’m not a reader of memoirs usually but I couldn’t put this one down. An incredible account by an incredible woman.
 Many pages not readable, some of the pages have nothing on them, very very upset
 This Becoming book really brings you to the reality of the life of Michelle Obama and family values. Love the Obama's forever. Their are dearly miss everyday.<br/><br/>Missed in Texas
 This is a open honest details of a beautiful woman who has become our national treasure. She shares details that make you laugh,cry,get mad but most of all love the person she is....
 Very hypocritical.  I couldn't get throught it.
 I have read numerous First Ladies books. They all compared in ways . This book was not nearly as interesting. I am neither a Democrat or Republican. I vote for the person. This book was an I-me-me-me book. I personally am interested in a brief summary of their upbringing and education but move on. Tell me about your tenure as first lady. The day to day operation of your term. Elaborate on things that pertain to our country. The White House events, dignitary visits, dealing with living in the bubble, etc.
 Not written well at all and a lot of things are lies.
 I have done nothing today except Read this book and all I can say is wow!!! I am not a Michelle Obama huge fan; I am a conservative; so president Obama’s policies were not always always popular with me. But after reading this book from Michelle’s point of view,  from one wife to another,  and one mother to another, one human to another, I feel the earnest honesty and sincerity in its pages; I sense her optimism; and at times I caught myself laughing out loud and even crying along with her. So many emotions reading this book, but in the end, I am so glad that the Obamas came out victorious through all they had to go through, especially mrs Obama. I will always appreciate her after reading this book. And I pray earnestly for this counry/ that decency will once again be the norm.  God bless you mrs Obama; you are truly a remarkable woman; praying for God to bless you and your precious family.<br/><br/>Addendum: 2 weeks after my initial review: I love Michelle Obama!this book made me live her. I am re reading it again; I hardly hardly ever do that, and I am recommending this book to anyone who would listen. Bless you Mrs. Obama!
 Just horrible!
 She states in the Preface of this 2018 autobiography, “So far in my life, I’ve been a lawyer. I’ve been a vice president at a hospital and the director of a nonprofit that helps young people build meaningful careers. I’ve been a working-class black student at a fancy mostly white college… And until recently, I was the First lady of the United States of America---a job that’s not officially a job, but that nonetheless has given me a platform like nothing I could have imagined… I’ve been hurt. I’ve been furious. But mostly, I’ve tried to laugh this stuff off.” (Pg. ix-x) But now, “My husband is making his own adjustments to life after the White House, catching his own breath. And here I am, in this new place, with a lot I want to say.” (Pg. xiii)<br/><br/>When she was admitted to Princeton University, she noted, “it was impossible to be a black kid at a mostly white school and not feel the shadow of affirmative action. You could almost read the scrutiny in the gaze of certain students and even some professors, as if they wanted to say, ‘I know why YOU’RE here.’ … My job, as I saw it, was to hold steady, earn the best grades I could, and get myself through… There were so few of us minority kids at Princeton, I suppose, that our presence was always conspicuous. I mainly took this as a mandate to overperform… by a feeling of ‘I’ll show you.’ … now at Princeton I was representing my race. Anytime I found my voice in class or nailed an exam, I quietly hoped it helped make a larger point.” (Pg, 78-80)<br/><br/>When she graduated and was working at a high-end law firm, she was asked by a senior partner to “mentor an incoming summer associate,” and she recalls, “like you, he’s black and from Harvard. Other than that, you know nothing---just the name, and it’s an odd one.” (Pg. 92-93) She continues, “Barack Obama had already created a stir at the firm… rumor had it that he was exceptional… Some of the secretaries … were saying that on top of this apparent brilliance he was also cute… Very quickly, I realized that Barack would need little in the way of advice. He was three years older than I was… He was breezy in his manner but powerful in his mind. It was a strange, stirring combination…  Not once, though, did I think about him as someone I’d want to date… He would be, I thought to myself, a good summer mentee.” (Pg. 96-99) She did, however, reprove him for smoking; but “Smoking was the one topic where Barack’s logic seemed to leave him altogether.” (Pg. 103)<br/><br/>Listening to one of Barack’s presentations to a community group, she reflected, “I’d never been with someone who dwelled on the more demoralizing parts of being African American. I’d been raised to think positively… But listening to Barack, I began to understand that his version of hope reached far beyond mine. It was one thing to get yourself out of a stuck place, I realized. It was another thing entirely to try and get the place itself unstuck… I was convinced, too.” (Pg. 117-118)<br/><br/>Ultimately, she realized, “I hated being a lawyer. I wasn’t suited to the work. I felt empty doing it, even if I was plenty good at it… In my blinding drive to excel… I’d missed the signs and taken the wrong road.” (Pg. 132) But she and Barack had been together for a year-and-a-half, and were beginning to discuss marriage. (Pg. 139-140) While Barack finished at Harvard, for two years they were a “long-distance couple.” (Pg. 151-152) Once they were back in the same city after his graduation, “His was the lone voice telling me to just go for it, to erase the worries and go toward whatever I thought would make me happy… ‘You can do this. We’ll figure it out.’” (Pg. 151-153) After he took his bar exam, they went out to dinner to celebrate, he proposed marriage in the restaurant. “When I said yes, it seemed that every person in the whole restaurant started to clap.” (Pg. 157)<br/><br/>She began working for an organization called Public Allies, which recruited talented young people, and placed them in internship positions in nonprofit and public sector work. “For the first time in my life, really, I felt I was doing something meaningful, directly impacting the lives of others while also staying connected to both my city and my culture.” (Pg. 180)<br/><br/>She wasn’t always enthusiastic about Barack running for office. When he ran for the Illinois senate in 1996, “I just believed there were better ways for a good person to have an impact. Quite honestly, I thought he’d get eaten alive…  But] If Barack believed he could do something in politics, who was I to get in his way?.. And so I gave my wifely approval to his first run for office, larding it with a bit of wifely caution.” (Pg. 183) Later, she observed, “this I know for sure about my husband. You don’t dangle an opportunity in front of him… and expect him to just walk away. Because he doesn’t. He won’t.” (Pg. 193)<br/><br/>They now had two daughters, and Barack was often away from home, or coming home late. “I spent so much energy stewing over whether he’d make it home for dinner that dinners, with or without him, were no longer fun. This was my pivot point, my moment of self-arrest… I drove my ax into the ground…  The girls and I} made our schedule and stuck to it… I didn’t want them ever to believe that life began when the man of the house arrived home. We didn’t wait for Dad. It was his job to catch up with us.” (Pg. 206-207)<br/><br/>When they moved to Washington after Barack was elected to the Senate, she mused, “Washington confused me, with its decorous traditions and sober self-regard… At the heart of my confusion was a kind of fear, because as much as I hadn’t chosen to be involved, I was getting sucked in.” (Pg. 219) When he contemplated running for President, “In the end it boiled down to this: I said yes because I believed that Barack could be a great president… I said yes because I loved him and had faith in what he could do… But I’d seen enough of the divisions to temper my own hopes. Barack was a black man in America, after all. I didn’t really think he could win.” (Pg. 226) Later, she explains, “Barack was the right man for this moment in history, for a job that was never going to be easy but that had grown, thanks to the financial crisis, exponentially more difficult… We’d be foolish at this point not to put him in office. Still, he would inherit a mess.” (Pg. 275-276)<br/><br/>After he was elected, she lamented, “There is no handbook for incoming First Ladies of the United States.” (Pg. 283) She realized, “I understood already that I’d be measured by a different yardstick. As the only African American First Lady to set foot in the White House, I was ‘other’ almost by default… I had to be better, faster, smarter, and stronger than ever. My grace would need to be earned…” (Pg. 283-284) But Laura Bush and departing President George Bush welcomed her warmly, “possessing a magnanimous Texas spirit that seemed to override any political hard feelings.” (Pg. 289)<br/><br/>And of course, here is the part of the book that so upset the current POTUS: “Trump was now actively working to revive the  “birther”] argument… The whole thing was crazy and mean-spirited, of course, its underlying bigotry and xenophobia hardly concealed. But it was also dangerous, deliberately meant to stir up wingnuts and kooks… I was briefed from time to time by the Secret Service on the more serious threats that came in… Donald Trump, with his loud and reckless innuendoes, was putting my family’s safety at risk. And for this, I’d never forgive him.” (Pg. 352-353)<br/><br/>She explains, “We didn’t join a church in Washington, because we didn’t want to subject another congregation to the kind of bad-faith attacks that had rained down on Trinity, our church in Chicago. It was a sacrifice, though. I missed the warmth of a spiritual community.” (Pg. 353)<br/><br/>As Trump was campaigning in 2016, and Michelle and Barak were both campaigning for Hillary Clinton, “There was a motto Barack and I tried to live by, and I offered it that night from the stage: ‘When they go low, we go high.’” (Pg. 407) But after Trump won the election, she reflected, “I won’t try to speculate about who was responsible or what was unfair. I just wish more people had turned out to vote. And I will always wonder about what led to many women…  to] choose a misogynist as their president. But the result was now ours to live with.” (Pg. 411)<br/><br/>She concludes, “I think what I experienced during those years is what many did---a sense of progress, the comfort of compassion, the joy of watching the unsung and invisible find some light. A glimmer of the world as it could be…. Whatever was coming next, this was a story we could own.” (Pg. 416)<br/><br/>This is a fascinating, emotionally- and intelligently-written memoir, that is a worthy and heart-stirring reminder of what the Presidency, and the First Lady, USED to be like… Hopefully, such days will one day return again...
 This book was so amazingly refreshing. Michelle was so detailed about every part of her life.  I loved the way she allowed the reader to go on a journey. I wish every woman who is feeling defeat, lonely, not enough can have an opportunity to read this book. There were many life lessons to take away.  I have so much respect for her honesty and passion. I absolutely love how she loves her family and how she was so transparent.  Her tours she be labeled, Michelle unleashed because she didn't hold back.  A must read!!!!!
 I enjoyed every page of the book. It was a quick easy read. Michelle Obama let me as a reader see the real “Michelle “ and not as the  media portrayed her. She revealed the worries every mother has about her kids, she talks about insecurities as a woman we all feel but will not say in public. The revelation of knowing you can do more but having to sacrifice your dream or put it on hold for family and country and putting yourself last is real and I am glad she said it out loud.
 This was the most dull book I have read in a long time. She tattles in saying her mom wanted to divorce her dad and BO smoked cigs. But didn't mention she had a divorce attorney draw up papers against BO.  Maybe I'm a prude, but ugg, how could she just bring BO to live with her in her apt. with her parents where only thin walls separated every sound. How disrespectful. She also says she never wanted to be a lawyer, and resents her top notch high school saying she might not be Ivy school material. Well, based on her test scores and grades, I'd agree with her counselor. And given she quit her blue chip law firm job within 2 years, I am just a bit resentful that I could have had that job. Glad she has found her happiness, but the good feelings I felt towards her before reading this snoozer of a book has disappeared.
 My rating is for the publisher, not the Author!<br/>There are several blank pages, faded pages in this book. The publisher did a very poor job and I am certain that Michele Obama would not be happy with the finished product that the publisher is distributing. I'd like to have my money back if you can not replace my copies with a quality finished product.
 Disappointed.  Thought it would be better.
 Worst book ever.  Don't waste your time or money.
 Got it today :)
 Ms Obama writes so openly and honestly. It’s very refreshing and gratifying, as well as informative and interesting.<br/>Thank you dear First Lady! —from an old white guy who thinks you are terrific!😬
 Wow! I’m beyond impressed. Such a great book to pick up and read. It really gives you an insight as to what lead her to become the role model that she is!
 After reading Michelle Obama's book I felt hope again, believed that we will get back on a better course because of the faith she brought to our lives, and planned to work at being a better advocate for change and work to shape my future.<br/><br/>The book is the soul bearing of a woman who was the perfect First Lady not because she thought she could but because she was raised to believe.  This book is a true life in multi faceted color showing the best of what we are because of what Michelle is.
 This is why you just walk over to the local bookstore and pay a few dollars more. They knew it is a gift too.
 I tried to stay open minded, but the prose are horrid. The straw-womyn rampant. Dog whistles abound. The first time I was proud of myself since I picked it up was when I tossed it in the bin.
 I have always liked, respected, and admired Michelle Obama. Her grace, intelligence, commitment to her husband and children, has been inspiring. I had some idea about her background, and the President’s, but she made it come alive in this book. I am glad of her candor, her glimpses into their home life, her dedication to,doing what is right, her persistence in staying true to herself, despite all obstacles. I am also glad of the forthright way she paints the picture of what being a black woman in America is actually like, and the need for cross cultural understanding in this country. We shouldn’t marginalize anyone, all it takes is a little encouragement, persistence, and engagement from all of us. A wonderful read by a remarkable woman.
 Started reading and couldn’t put it down. Mrs. Obama is the best of us.
 ABSOLUTELY AMAZING &amp; INSPIRING!!!!!  Becoming allowed me an opportunity to experience the human side of the Obama family which further increased my admiration!  I laughed, cried and felt inspired while enjoying the authentic and transparent experiences that were unapologetically shared throughout this wonderfully written memoir. Typically I prefer to read my books however, I intentionally chose to purchase through audible because I wanted my experience to be more like a personal conversation that allowed me to just sit and listen....<br/><br/>I will forever love this First Family for many reasons.  I also gained increased respect for other former first families who held nothing back in supporting the Obama's transition into the White House.  We see a glimpse of the intimate relationships between the families in the media but the book demonstrates the sincerity displayed by the Bush, Clinton and Reagan families respectively.
 just browsed through it in the book store....would never spend money on the thing..just was I read made me laugh
 What's not to love? It's First Lady Michelle Obama!! Hope she's coming to North Carolina on her book tour!
 Love Everything About This Book ❤
 Had to buy as a gift for someone else. Wouldn't purchase otherwise
 I couldn't find much truth.
 Best Book of 2018. Buying another one
 Good
 I am so delighted to receive and read Michelle Obama’s book! Mom and i look forward to her tour after Thanksgiving!
 The second half of the book was riveting. the first half quite boring. More honest revelations with stories perhaps like 'selfies with the Danes' might have helped to prevent the slightly white washed feel of the book.
 Just to be up front, I voted for Barack in both 2008 and 2012, I’m male, not white, a naturally born citizen who generally vote Democrat. Since this book was written by a somewhat polarizing person I thought being upfront on who I am made sense in todays world of identity politics. Also, I borrowed my friends EPUB and read it on his computer which is why it doesn’t say “verified purchaser” next to my name and the references I have below is from that EPUB. Oh, obviously I wanted to review the english version of this book but Amazon won't let me review it for some weird reason so I had to review this one.<br/><br/>I generally respect Michelle Obama and her accomplishments but there are a few things that bother me about her and this book.<br/><br/>One, I got the vibe that she has some resentment towards white people, particularly white men. Sometimes she brings up race in a context that makes sense like when she is talking about how one issue effects black people more than white people or talking about history. Other times she’ll mention someone is white for no reason at all. Here are a few examples:<br/>- Pg.1, paragraph 7.2 of the preface “working-class black student in a fancy mostly white college”<br/>- Pg. 17, chapter 2 “I liked my teacher, a diminutive white lady”. Why does her being white matter?<br/>- Pg. 20, chapter 2, “My friends included a girl named Rachel, whose mother was white and had a British accent”. Why did she only describe that friend with a white mother and not the race of the rest?<br/>- Pg.44, chapter 4, “Mr. Martinez and then Mr. Bennet, both gentle and good-humored African American men.” Ok, did it matter that were black in this context?<br/>- Pg. 71, “mostly white students” Context? History? Why did this matter?<br/>- Pg. 74, “one of the few nonwhite”<br/>- Pg. 74, “my two white roommates in Pyne Hall were both perfectly nice…” Again, who cares if they were white?<br/>- Pg. 75, “Cznery was a smart and beautiful black woman”. Why not just say beautiful? Why does black matter? It didn’t matter in her description in any historic or meaningful way.<br/>- Pg. 120, “Now that I was at Sidley and on the other side of the recruiting experience, my goal was to bring in law students who were not just smart and hard-driving but also something other than male and white.” I get it, you want to make the place more diverse. Sure. But the way she said “other than make and white” got a lot under my skin (remember I’m not white).<br/>- Pg. 148, “He was a black, brainy superhero. He clashed regularly and fearlessly with the mostly white old-guard members of the city council and was viewed as something of a walking legend” Ok, those white people again.<br/>- Pg. 148, “In a move many African Americans saw as a swift and demoralizing return to the old white ways of Chicago politics, voters went on to elect Richard M. Daley, the son of a previous mayor, Richard J. Daley, who was broadly considered the godfather of Chicago’s famous cronyism.” The old white guard? You mean just corrupt politicians right?<br/>- Pg. 205, “Our counselor—Dr.Woodchurch, let’s call him—was a soft-spoken white man who’d gone to good school and always wore khakis”. Michelle, what the hell? Who cares if your counselor was white.<br/>- Pg. 208, “The nervousness of white people”. Sigh.<br/>- Pg. 218, “Its whiteness and maleness”. …Sigh.<br/><br/>I get it. She was in the minority most of the time being black and a woman and when she puts things into historical or social context it makes sense pointing these things out as it represents systematic problems in our society when it comes to race. But other times she brings up race for no real reason. Never in her book did she directly talk about an incident where she was the direct receipt of discrimination that I read. In a lot of ways she seemed pretty lucky to not be a victim of some kind of racism in her life. If she did, she never really talked about it in her book so I’m wondering why she brings up race needlessly. Especially in a somewhat resentful way. Technically she is a baby boomer so perhaps she is a product of her time? I’m not black and I was born in the 80’s and not the 60’s so perhaps I never had to see the things she saw. Still, I don’t like her subtle resentment towards white people. I hope I’m wrong about her when it comes to this.<br/><br/>Two, Michelle paints Barack as a super hero. I'm not joking. Every way she describes is literally perfect from being easy going and brainy, to being a huge reader, to memorizing everything to never being angry or upset or taking things seriously. I get it. Barack is cool, smart and an overall good guy. But come on, he must have some flaw (outside him smoking). Something that he did wrong, something that he truly messed up. The only thing I remember her saying about him was that he wasn't always on time and one time he blew a book deal (or missed the deadline or something) because he was busy with something else. I'm pretty sure Michelle and her husband agreed to paint him in the most perfect light ever to protect his presidency which makes me think she is being dishonest about her experience with him. Did Barack have a hand in writing this? Was Michelle censored in a way? Here are some examples of Michelle describing Barack as nothing less than perfect:<br/><br/>- Pg. 96. “What struck me was how assured he seemed of his own direction in life. He was oddly free from doubt,”<br/>- “Instead lived like a sixteenth century mountain hermit, reading lofty works of literature and philosophy” pg. 97<br/>- “Barack was serious without being self-serious. He was breezy in his manner but powerful in his mind. It was a strange, stirring combination.” Pg. 97<br/>- “I found myself admiring Barack for both his self-assuredness and his earnest demeanor. He was refreshing, unconventional, and weirdly elegant.” Pg. 97<br/>- “Barack bore no resemblance to the typical eager-beaver summer associate (as I myself had been two years earlier at Sidley), networking furiously and anxiously wondering whether a golden-ticket job offer was coming. He sauntered around with calm detachment, which seemed only to increase his appeal.” Pg. 99<br/>- “There was no arguing with the fact that even with his challenged sense of style, Barack was a catch. He was good-looking, poised, and successful. He was athletic, interesting, and kind.” Pg.99<br/>- “He was modest and lived modestly, yet knew the richness of his own mind and the world of privilege that would open up to him as a result. He took it all seriously, I could tell. He could be lighthearted and jokey, but he never strayed far from a larger sense of obligation. He was on some sort of quest, though he didn’t yet know where it would lead.” Pg. 101<br/>- “Barack had a smile that seemed to stretch the whole width of his face. He was a deadly combination of smooth and reasonable.” Pg. 103<br/>- “He had an easy rapport with everyone at the firm. He addressed all the secretaries by name and got along with everyone—from the older, stuffier lawyers to the ambitious young bucks who were now playing basketball. He’s a good person, I thought to myself, watching him pass the ball to another lawyer.” Pg. 105<br/>- “Having sat through scores of high school and college games, I recognized a good player when I saw one, and Barack quickly passed the test. He played an athletic, artful form of basketball, his lanky body moving quickly, showing power I hadn’t before noticed. He was swift and graceful, even in his Hawaiian footwear. I stood there pretending to listen to what somebody’s perfectly nice wife was saying to me, but my eyes stayed fixed on Barack. I was struck for the first time by the spectacle of him—this strange mix-of-everything man.” Pg. 105<br/>- “Barack intrigued me. He was not like anyone I’d dated before, mainly because he seemed so secure. He was openly affectionate. He told me I was beautiful. He made me feel good. To me, he was sort of like a unicorn—unusual to the point of seeming almost unreal. He never talked about material things, like buying a house or a car or even new shoes. His money went largely toward books, which to him were like sacred objects, providing ballast for his mind. He read late into the night, often long after I’d fallen asleep, plowing through history and biographies and Toni Morrison, too. He read several newspapers daily, cover to cover. He kept tabs on the latest book reviews, the American League standings, and what the South Side aldermen were up to. He could speak with equal passion about the Polish elections and which movies Roger Ebert had panned and why”. Pg. 111<br/>- “This, I was learning, was how Barack’s mind worked. He got himself fixated on big and abstract issues, fueled by some crazy sense that he might be able to do something about them. It was new to me, I have to say. Until now, I’d hung around with good people who cared about important enough things but who were focused primarily on building their careers and providing for their families. Barack was just different. He was dialed into the day-to-day demands of his life, but at the same time, especially at night, his thoughts seemed to roam a much wider plane.” Pg. 112<br/>- “I was gripped all over again by a sense of how special he was.” Pg.117<br/>- “And now in Hawaii, I could see his character reflected in other small ways. His long-lasting friendships with his high school buddies showed his consistency in relationships. In his devotion to his strong-willed mother, I saw a deep respect for women and their independence. Without needing to discuss it outright, I knew he could handle a partner who had her own passions and voice.” Pg. 123<br/>- “All this inborn confidence was admirable, of course, but honestly, try living with it. For me, coexisting with Barack’s strong sense of purpose—sleeping in the same bed with it, sitting at the breakfast table with it—was something to which I had to adjust, not because he flaunted it, exactly, but because it was so alive. In the presence of his certainty, his notion that he could make some sort of difference in the world, I couldn’t help but feel a little bit lost by comparison. His sense of purpose seemed like an unwitting challenge to my own.” Pg.131<br/>- For better or worse, I’d fallen in love with a man with a vision who was optimistic without being naive, undaunted by conflict, and intrigued by how complicated the world was. He was strangely unintimidated by how much work there was to be done. He was dreading the thought of leaving me and the girls for long stretches, he said, but he also kept reminding me of how secure our love was. “We can handle this, right?” he said, holding my hand one night as we sat in his upstairs study and finally began to really talk about it. “We’re strong and we’re smart, and so are our kids. We’ll be just fine. We can afford this.” Pg.224<br/><br/>I’ll stop quoting the book at this point. There are other examples on pages 115, 123, 152, 153, 180, 184, 192, 261, 265, and 322. There are probably others that I missed. Why does this annoy me you may ask? Because it sounds made up. Insincere. As if I was reading his resume or something his press secretary came up with. Is Barack even human or does he just possess every positive characteristic known to mankind with none of the baggage? Don’t get me wrong, I liked him from the get go since 2004 and his background is impressive (president of the Harvard Law Review specifically). But the way Michelle describes him just seems so made up and one-sided it makes me question the rest of the book.<br/><br/>Here are some highlights about Michelle that I learned from the book (for whoever is interested):<br/>- She told people she wanted to become a pediatrician when she was a kid because she loved being around kids and it was a pleasing answer to adults. She describes this later as always doing the correct thing.<br/>- Her dad had MS (Multiple Sclerosis), a progressive disease that made him disabled and eventually killed him at 55. This hurt Michelle more than anything else to see her dad disabled and defeated.<br/>- She had a very tight family and talked about anything, including her first period at the dinner table. Her brother was smart, cool and protective of her and she looked up to him. Her mom is an overwhelmingly positive force in her life.<br/>- She smoked some pot in high school and was friends with Jessie Jacksons daughter.<br/>- She failed the bar exam the first time around<br/>- She very much dislikes politics<br/>- She had a minor amount of marriage counseling with Barack, nothing serious though from what I could tell.<br/>- She had problems bearing children and had to use intro vivo fertilization with Malia but not Sasha.<br/>- Her kids are her top priority in life, especially when she was in the white house<br/>- She tries to remain hopeful and never cynical though I don’t know if she is always successful.<br/>- She graduated from Princeton then Harvard Law and started her career as a high powered lawyer however she never felt fulfillment from her job as a lawyer despite the money.<br/><br/>Michelle is a pretty hardworking lady (somewhat of an overachiever) with a tight schedule that she sticks too. I remember her mentioning she got up at 5am, worked out, took her kids to school then went to work then picked them up from school (this was before she first lady). Her academic background is very impressive as she graduated from Princeton and Harvard Law. I found her mothers reaction to her not being fulfilled by her work as lawyer despite the money and prestige hilarious. It is almost something a millennial would say, not a baby boomer. First world problems! Growing up lower-middle class, her mother was annoyed. But, you can’t really blame Michelle either. Her work did sound boring and unfulfilling. She wasn’t making the positive impact she wanted too.<br/>Michelle is deeply committed to her children. I’d argue that Malia and Sasha are the most important things to her and is her top priority, especially white she was first lady. She talked about them often in her book. Motherhood suites her well. If I were to describes Michelle’s life in one word is would be “busy” and one word to describe Michelle herself would be “workaholic”. She is obviously a likable person and likes many people in return.<br/><br/>Bottom Line:<br/>To be blunt, I'm not sure why this book is getting 91% 5 stars. I just finished the book and I can't say I was particularly blown away like the ratings suggest. Michelle simply talked about her life, meeting Barack and her perspective of life in the white house which sounded boring from the way she describes it. She met many heads of states, worked hard spreading her message about good nutrition and empowering women but again, nothing interesting or fun. Towards the end of the book I was pretty much skimming through the words since I lost interest in what she was saying. I probably went 20 pages before I realized it and had to go back and reread. I got some insight to who Michelle was but in the end of the day I just thought to myself "who cares?". Shrug, I just didn't see anything particularly special or interesting about this book that would make me really recommend it to anyone. The only reason I even finished the book was simply to say “yeah, I read that book”.  I also didn't think this book was that inspirational as all the reviews keep saying.  There are millions of people around the world who come from nothing or near nothing and "make it" who have tougher backgrounds than Michelle (disabled people for example).  I don't see how her particular story is anything TRULY miraculous.  Good, sure.  Did she overcome?  Sure.  Did it blow my mind with inspiration?  No.<br/><br/>That being said, it isn’t a bad book either. It was well written, easy to follow and very detailed orientated. She mentioned many people’s name that she met over her life and how they influenced her. She remembered specific places, when she went there, details about those places and her experience there. I would recommend this book to anyone who had a special fascination with Michelle or first ladies in general. The book is fine. 3 out of 5 stars.<br/><br/>As a final note, I felt it was important that I wrote this review for two reasons. One, I depend on reviews to be fair, objective and honest. When I see a book get 500 reviews in 2 weeks with a near 92% of reviews being 5 stars on Amazon I knew something wasn’t right. 92% of people saying your book was 5 stars would mean this book should win the Pulitzer award. That means this book is amazing, a breakthrough, something that every person must read or they’ll miss out on a life experience. What if a truly amazing book is written one day? Something that is considered a classic? Something that blows the mind of society? What reviews does that book get? 99% instead of 95%? Seems crazy to me.<br/><br/>Two, I wanted a review that judged more the book than the author. Michelle is a classy lady no doubt, but her book really isn’t that good. I didn’t want Amazon reviews to turn into a popularity contest where men rate this book highly, women another book, liberals another books, conservatives yet another book, democrats this book, republicans that book. Identity politics is really annoys me. I hate that I had to preface this review with my “identity” but I had to otherwise I just would’ve been called an angry conservative republican white man. I think we should judge a book on the book alone and not the “identity” of the author. Of course considering the popularity of this author and the fact that this was a memoir it couldn’t be completely avoided. Hopefully my bias is at a minimum.<br/><br/>So anyway like I said, book was fine. Not bad, not great. C+ or perhaps a B depending on how much you are interested in Mrs. Obama. Oh by the way this book has nothing to do with Trump. She rarely mentioned him or his politics outside the whole “grab them by the p****” remark Trump made a while back. So if anyone thinks this book is some attack on Trump or Republicans I can tell you it isn’t. Any review that says it is is obviously made up.
 Horrible writing
 Becoming is such a refreshing book. Michelle makes all ambitious women (or women for that matter) feel normal. Everything from marriage, parenting, love, self-doubt, fear and so much more was covered in this book. This wasn't a typical memoir - Michelle's message is simple, if I can you can. I'm just like you. Love the stories she shares around marriage therapy and hiring a cook. OMG! This is for the high-achiever who thinks something is wrong with being driven, you will enjoy her real and raw stories that uplifts and empowers.  Had to get copies for my girlfriends.
 There are several areas in the book where entire pages are blank, unintended. Missing text. Also, several areas in which the type is very faint. Shoddy publishing, no quality control. Return if yours is like this.
 On January 17, 1964, a baby girl was born to Marian and Fraser Robinson. They named her Michelle LaVaughn Robinson. The family, which also included older brother Craig, lived on the second floor of a small house on the south side of Chicago. The house was owned by Mrs. Robinson's aunt who lived on the first floor, where she gave piano lessons during the day.  Mrs. Robinson was a stay at home mom, but Mr. Robinson never missed a day of work at the water filtration plant where he was employed, in spite of suffering the debilitating effects of multiple sclerosis. There was never a lot of extra money, but the home was filled with love, books, and music, and the kids were surrounded by a close knit extended family.<br/><br/>No one would have imagined that the little girl living in this house would go on to graduate from Princeton and Harvard Law School. Or that she would fall in love with and marry a man named Barack Obama, and the two of them would one day become President and First Lady of the United States.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book immensely. There is so much to admire about Michelle Obama. I will just mention a couple of them.  In her role as First Lady, she advocated tirelessly for children.  She fought to get more nutritious meals in school cafeterias and more physical education to combat childhood obesity.  But what I admire the most is her grace and dignity. In spite of the vitriolic crap thrown at her, in spite of the lies told about her and her husband, and the overt racism, she never lowered herself to their level. "When they go low, we go high" may or may not have been the best policy politically, but it is who she is.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama has made a positive difference in so many lives. She will be turning 55 in a few weeks. I don't know what her future plans are, but I know one thing for sure.  She, and her husband, will continue to make this world a better place.<br/><br/>Five stars for her book. A whole sky full of stars for her.
 I like it because her Voice is Powerful and it’s about finding what will Work for the Individual as for me I know Becoming Strong Fighter Everyday with My illness Makes me Understand that I’m not alone I had Preorder the Book And Couldn’t Wait I Received it and Smile from Ear to Ear the Only thing I Wish it was Sign for her Preorder Customers because she help me Believe it’s Nothing I Cant  achieve  Without a Vision Thanks Michelle Obama 😊
 Self published?  Seriously, the only reason this was published is because of her name. The book isn’t anything more than self praise. Substance was missing. I would expect more from someone with the stellar credentials Michelle has had the opportunity to get.  Got the book from a friend who admires her, I still don’t get the attraction. Not worth the time it took to read, trash.
 Interesting details about Obama’s presidency. I wouldn’t have minded more juicy details! Definitely a good read, especially if you’re a fan of the Obamas :)
 I am trying to get through it.  Poorly written and boring.  If Barak had written it, it would be very interesting and worth the time and money.  I always read the First Ladies books that they write after leaving office and have loved every one of them.  I get the feeling that Michele was trying desperately to fulfill her contractual obligation to her publisher but just could not work up the enthusiasm to make it interesting.  Also, it seems that she didn't keep a journal from which to recall her eight years in the White House. When Barak's book comes out, it wil be a wonderful book because he is a gifted writer.  After all that said, I do like the Obamas very much and miss them In the White House.
 This was a heart felt book about the Obamas and there life before they met and after and it lets you into everything about them .I give this book 10 stars loved it
 Reading Michelle Obama’s Becoming I committed something of a sin—a literary sin to be sure.  Or maybe it’s not but I certainly feel as though it was.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama is an amazing woman.  For her to go to Princeton, then to Harvard Law, then go on to attain a high paying job as an attorney is nothing short of amazing.  Yet, as she detailed her life: her ups and downs, her accomplishments and setbacks, her likes and dislikes, her strengths and weaknesses, her comforts and fears—basically exposing herself to the world—I still found myself most interested when she spoke about Barack.  And for that I feel guilty.<br/><br/>I feel guilty because this book is her book, it’s supposed to be about her life and truly I bought it for that reason.  I wanted to know about Michelle because I’ve always admired her.  Yet, now I think there was a hidden part of me that just wanted to know more about Barack Obama but just from a different angle.  As if I tried to convince myself that I wanted Michelle when secretly I wanted her as a means of access to Barack.<br/><br/>And to be fair, Barack isn’t just anybody.  This was the president of the United States.  The first black president in the history of the country.  So, it’s only natural to have more than a passing interest in him.<br/><br/>Like I said though, I bought the book to know more about Michelle.  Although she began the book chronicling her upbringing in South Side Chicago things kicked into high gear once she became the FLOTUS. Just daily life as the First Lady was an ordeal that many people, myself included, are not aware of.  She gives the reader an inside tour of her life in the White House with all the pomp and circumstance that surrounds it that you otherwise wouldn’t be privy to.<br/><br/>She covers the difficulties and the annoyances that come with being the First Lady and the First Family.  She doesn’t mention them in a complaining manner like “woe is me,” but rather in a matter of fact manner as in, “I can’t just go outside for fresh air because of security concerns.” But as she mentions these things she makes sure to mention that her life is considerably more privileged than the vast majority of people and she’s incredibly grateful for it.<br/><br/>Beyond the logistical changes in her life she touches on the emotional changes she wasn’t ready for.  She grew up caring about what people thought about her.  She explained how when she was younger she loved to see people beam when she told them how she wanted to be a pediatrician when she grew up.  She loved that family and friends were proud of her accomplishments.  So, when she became the First Lady and started to be attacked for everything from her clothes to her facial expressions it hurt her.  In what can only be called incredible candor she reveals how hurt she was by the words and opinions of others.<br/><br/>Michelle shows us the humanness behind the icon.  She is a public political figure that maybe people consider a lifeless soulless person that’s there for our entertainment or to be an object of our derision.  Michelle, through this book, breathes life into the photos and the videos of the tall dark woman married to the president.  This book gives us insight on Michelle Obama the person as well as Michelle Obama the First Lady of the United States.
 Who really cares. Donate the money instead.
 In a country whipped into a frenzy of hate, violence and intolerance , Becoming is a gentle balm.<br/>Never fear, this book is not bogged down by this negativity and the former First Lady does not dwell on those that cultivate the environment.<br/>I am so grateful that I purchased this hard cover rather than added it my usual digital format.<br/>Mrs. Obama shares with us her incredible journey thus far and we can’t help but be inspired by her.<br/>I highly recommend this book !
 bias
 I remember the first time I even remotely let myself believe that Barack and Michelle Obama could take residence in the White House. It was when I saw a photo of them flanked by Malia and Sasha in Ebony magazine. It was a beautiful photo wherein the first family were donning winter coats, their faces lit up with hopeful smiles. Could it happen? Would it happen? Do I dare let myself believe the unthinkable? I recollected being a child and seeing the walls plastered with the presidents of the United States—all white men. Who was this black man who had the audacity to believe he could become the leader of the most powerful nation in the world? Moreover, who was that beautiful black woman standing at his side and how did she get there? I, like many others, had never heard of Barack or Michelle. It seemed like a dream, like they had appeared out of nowhere. Who are these people?<br/><br/>Well, it’s been a decade since I came across that photo in Ebony Magazine and that unfamiliar family as we all know became the first black First Family. Over the years I’ve learned a lot about these people, but it wasn’t until I read Michelle’s memoirs BECOMING that I came to truly appreciate this family and all they’ve sacrificed to reach the heights that they have. Michelle, starting with the preface, pulled me right in, capturing my imagination with her eloquent narrative. When I came to the paragraph in the preface where she said she had heard about the swampy parts of the internet that questioned everything about her, right down to whether she’s a woman or a man, I knew this memoir was going to not just be a read, but an experience. I knew in that moment that Michelle had poured her heart and soul into this book and after reading all 429 pages I was right.<br/><br/>BECOMING is a breathtaking, world wind, masterpiece. Michelle takes us back to the South Side of Chicago where she was raised by her devoted parents and protected by her older brother Craig. Michelle wasn’t born with a silver spoon in her mouth, but she was surrounded with immediate and extended family who loved and nurtured her and who stressed the importance of getting an education and who exposed Michelle to arts and culture.<br/><br/>Michelle’s writing is so descriptive and intimate that you feel like you’re sitting across from her while she flawlessly reveals her life story. I laughed out loud and sobbed throughout the book. There are so many poignant and heartfelt moments. When Michelle described Craig’s teenage preventive phase which included him having their father lay on the floor so that he could practice hauling him out of the house in case there was a fire, I couldn’t help but laugh. No, if a fire were to have broken out, it wouldn’t have been a funny matter, but the way Michelle described the incredulous look on their father’s face, it provoked much laughter. Michelle’s father suffered with multiple sclerosis and it grew worst over time. She made me cry at her first recital when she became paralyzed at the sight of the perfect grand piano in front of her. She was used to playing on her Aunt Robbie’s upright with the broken keys. Aunt Robbie came to the rescue and placed Michelle’s finger on the middle C so that she could play.<br/><br/>Michelle keeps you turning the pages as she takes us from her early years into her high school years and on to college, a journey that is fraught with challenges and insecurities. “Am I good enough?” Yes, that was a constant refrain. Like many of us, Michelle had doubts, but she kept forging ahead, even when the counselor at Princeton told her that she didn’t think Michelle was Princeton material. Michelle proved that counselor wrong when she graduated from Princeton and joined a top Chicago law firm where she became Barack’s mentor.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed reading about their first encounter and subsequent courtship. It was comforting to read that Barack and Michelle weren’t the perfect couple I fantasized they were. And I applauded Michelle for revealing that they had gone to marital counseling where Michelle and Barack came to realize that it was not either of their responsibility to make the other person happy. I was also surprised to learn of their fertility challenges. The more I read, the more I realized that Michelle is so like many of us, with flaws, dreams, struggles and a whole lot of determination. I got so swept up in reading BECOMING I would read until the wee hours of the morning. Yes, it’s that good.<br/><br/>She gives a bird’s-eye view of life in the White House and what a view it is. Being waited on hand and foot, living in opulence. But she also writes about the downsides—living in a bubble, restricted movement, guarded, the dark side of politics and meanspirited politicians, trying to raise and protect her children. Whew! You have to have the nerves of steel to be a first lady and Michelle did it with grace and style. I also loved how she outlined all of Barack and her accomplishments during their time in the White House. I knew the obvious, like The Affordable Care Act and Michelle’s fight against childhood obesity, but they did so much more.<br/><br/>I can go on and on. So many memories and stories, woven together so well that it will inspire you to want to do more, to look outside of yourself, to want to make a difference, to want to make an impact on the world in a positive and tangible way. BECOMING should be required national reading.<br/><br/>Thank you, Michelle LaVaughn Robinson Obama for being enough. For BECOMING!
 This is both a fascinating and moving account of First Lady Michelle Obama's life, starting with her childhood on the South side of Chicago and detailing her experience in the White House. As if I didn't already have a million reasons to admire this strong, graceful, hardworking woman, I now have a million more reasons. I wish I had a way to personally thank her, both for everything that she and her family have given for the sake of our country, and for sharing even more of herself in this book.
 The author has the right to her voice, and I applaud her victories over challenges, but her perception of victimhood for being of "modest upbringings," female, or having a darker skin color than the average population is heavily influenced by her waiting to view normal life as oppressive, racist, sexist, or discriminatory. Her conclusions and sad worldview originating from the application of these levels of intersecting groups is infantile and sophomoric for such a highly accomplished and educated person. It seems that she is "BECOMING" a benefactor of outdated waves of victimhood and self-pity, and for a woman who claims to have come so far I am surprised that she has not released her perceived oppression and others' discrimination. Perception is reality, and her celebrity status and propensity for self aggrandizement seems to not have any limits. I pray for all women of color to achieve all of their dreams, and I personally feel for every story of Michelle's past. As a culture, the finest representatives of any group Obama claims to be a part of should use their podium and the world's attention to their voice as opportunities to heal, love, and be open to civil discourse. Michelle's "Look at Me" book falls flat on hope, and only accepts negative "Change."<br/>I read through this book with an open mind, and a willingness to learn. I appreciate her opinions, and the ability she had to push through her challenges, and frustrations of her upbringing. I credit her for the journey she went through, and the insight to want to give back to her own family and future generations. I see a direct reflection of her reading and thinking through philosophers, authors, and movements that Ms. Obama and I have both read and learned from. The lessons from Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Maya Angelo, and her other political influences are gratefully appreciated from all people.<br/>On the application and reflection of her worldview and the message of this book, I would have to strongly disagree with her conclusions. I have not done a word-count of the I, me, and myself comments in this book, but the theme of this book is that so much of her life is only about her, and the narcissistic conclusions she espouses. Her world, and husband's view of life are unhealthy for readers to fully disseminate from the anger and perceived bias. Other people doing hurtful things are felt when reading this book. The application of a select few hateful people translated into her vaulting into every other of the haters' groups is an illogical application. I would warn her not to discriminate and fall victim to the exact same projection and stereotyping that she claims to be opposed to, or else too large of the population appears to be attacked by her conclusions and disdain. White straight Christian men from both the north and the south were also founders of the laws, benefits, love, allowances and entitlements that she benefited from for her apparent bile, disrespect, and ridicule. The message of this book and Michelle's writing is very self-centered, divisive, judgmental, and aggressive.
 An honest portrayal.  Makes me admire our previous First Lady even more than I already did.  Class act every single day, in spite of the ugly, ugly haters.  We were so lucky to have them.  Oh how far we've fallen.
 Personal and powerful.  Her eloquence and heart shine through.  It’s a beautifully written book that is hard to put down.
 Amazingggg and hilarious! Beautiful story I stayed up all night reading, truly inspiring. Bought a hard cover!
 From humble beginnings the book leads you through the driven life of Michelle Obama and her continued exploration on how to use her talents to do good.  Best parts of the book were those moments once the Presidency was won and her feelings of entering and living life in the White House.  She does a good job at immersing you into political life and how she carefully protected her daughters along the way.  At the heart of it she is figuring out her life as we all are.... with that quiet voice in her head saying “Yes you can” as doubts creep in.  Definitely a book worth a read that makes you long for days of old when the President of the United States was someone who didn’t make you cringe with every tweet.
 Much too much on childhood, details on piano lessons, etc. More observation on Barack’s job would have been appreciated. She Did a great, important job in White House. Her main message about the disenfranchised tediously repetitive.
 The hypocrisy of what she lives and what her political beliefs push on other people, really comes through in this book. She makes sure to better her and her kids lives, but doesn't afford those same opportunities to others. Also, she mentions that she is so angry at Trump for birther comments but yet fails to mention that Hillary Clinton used those birther comments against the Obama's when she was running against him in the Democratic Primary...way before Trump ever mentioned them...So why is she not hating on Hillary? Makes me think she just made up this anger to be a partisan hack and create drama.
 Boring
 I've always been an Independent Voter. I have no bias against Michelle Obama, or negativism to say about her role as First Lady.  However, I found her book to be grossly arrogant in its content and attempts at self-promotion...the very opposite portrayal of her wish to identify with, "us ordinary women," that she tries so hard to convey to her readers. Her latest appearance and comments on, The Jimmy Fallon Show, about sending the current First Lady a, "Bye Felicia wish," was very telling about her lack of truthfulness in her book about always choosing, "to go high," when she communicates messages to other disagreeing Americans. It was a rude and undignified comment, and I was embarrassed for her. She slipped at that very moment, and the world saw the truth behind the curtain of what type of woman she truthfully is in reality. She owes the current First Lady an apology.  I will not recommend this book, because of its untruthful representation.
 This book was complete garbage. Please don't waste your money.
 I felt like I knew most of what was in the book through headlines and whatever else. It was really about the plot of her life rather than larger defining moments. I did enjoy reading more about her upbringing. There was alot that I did not know there. But, I felt overall like she definitely was too careful with her words (regarding racism, oppression). Also, the feminist in me felt sad/unfulfilled that she seemed to put her career and plans on hold a number of times so that Obama could run for various offices. Overall, this book was just ok but boring. Maybe others would like it but I really wanted more.
 I bought this book for my wife, but read it also out of curiosity.  Michelle's memoir is well-written and remarkably candid.  She covers her entire life, using well chosen memories from her childhood, life away from home as a college student, and early law career leading up to of course to meeting Barack Obama.  How these two very different personalities came together and created a strong marriage is the core story.  Michelle is very honest about their ups and downs as a couple, providing insights which should be valuable to others.  Barack's later life in politics is discussed more from the perspective of the impacts (both humorous and threatening) on their family life.  Thus, this is not a book of political analysis, which I found refreshing.  Michelle's wry sense of humor and optimism about human nature consistently shine through this narrative, and offer a message of hope both on a personal and national level.
 One of the worst books ever written!
 Amazing book I enjoyed read it.  I could hardly put down.  Thank you for giving so much of your personal history.  A joy to read.
 I was expecting something else, I guess.  I cannot judge.
 This book attempts to make the former First Lady "one of the common people."  The early part of this autobiography is readable and interesting, but the later narrative tries too hard to be down-to-earth.  Really?  Once one has lived in The White House, one is forever promised a life of privilege.  To deny otherwise is not truthful.<br/><br/>But those $3400 Balenciaga boots?  The narrative now seems totally false with a "let them eat cake" attitude.  (She is entitled to wear those boots and can afford them, but she could have at least worn less pricey shoes and clothes for her book tour.)<br/><br/>The current First Lady (Mrs. Trump) is also under scrutiny for her looks, fashions and White House decor decisions.  Her son also also come under media criticism.<br/><br/>It's part of being in the public eye and to give it credence is beneath the dignity of a First Lady.
 This book is honest, forthright, authentic, and from the heart.....just like her. Reading this book felt like she was sitting next to me.
 no good, boring, blah
 Excellent book. Michelle takes us through her journey from Chicago to the White House. As expected, it was an honest account of her life experience as daughter, wife, mother and First Lady. What a remarkable woman.  Just read it and you won't want to put the book down.  Michelle Obama,  our inspirational, beautiful, intelligent First Lady.  Someone our daughters can look up to.  We are so proud of you Michelle,  well done!
 Very well written!! Great reading!! Hate to put it down!
 I hate to be so gossip-oriented, but "Becoming" answered many questions I had pondered, but politely kept to myself. Like, did they live together before marriage? What did Michelle's family think about that? And were Barack and Michelle really so practical that they intentionally waited to have children?? I was somehow relieved to find out how human they are. It is clearly a blessing that Barack found Michelle early on in his life. Much of his success is rooted in the solid foundation that Michelle created for him and the family.
 I enjoyed it definitely worth it. Great inside view of the obamas and understanding of Michelle. Truly inspiring. I recommend this book.
 Michelle Obama is surprisingly candid about some part of her life, especially about her marriage. The book is not as detailed as I had hoped for. Early parts of her life are more detailed. Her story would be inspiring for many. Growing up in poor household, ending up going to Princeton and Harvard, is what makes her so interesting. Book is a good read if you are interested in Michelle Obama’s life before she became First Lady, parts after she became First Lady or not detailed. She doesn’t talk much about politics or policy during her husband’s presidency. Perhaps rightly so, she’s focused on her priorities—healthy diet etc.
 The book can in large size font
 I don't want to be recognized as someone not supporting my AA sister &amp; Former FLOTUS; however, I keep putting down this book for days/weeks at a time and only when I am completely bored with nothing else to do, I say, 'oh that book.' It is an average read. I enjoy how her feelings are expressed about family and family ties, and even her desire for non-profit work for which she is very practical about making a living from... But it feels like it is a loosely-joined memoir of an average citizen. And maybe that's okay because she is commonly viewed as the FLOTUS of the people. From a literary viewpoint, it isn't an enjoyable read. From a historical viewpoint, the book is a must have. I thoroughly enjoy her public speeches because she has good common sense and her message is relatable to the topic for which she appears to speak.<br/>I just don't have that drive to never put it down or skip an activity because this book is my life right now. Over 80% of books I read are that incredible read for me. Then there's the 20% of "Meh, at least I finished it."<br/>I haven't finished Becoming yet. Some day I will. Maybe my expectations are too high and unrealistic or maybe I need to attend the intimate talk to understand the backstory to this book...I am conflicted.
 I was so excited to read this book after all of the reviews and the positive press the book was receiving.  Before I read this I really didn't believe that Michelle was so racist.  I have heard that about her but didn't believe it was true until I read this.  I do believe that the book was honest and written from her heart.  I also believe that it was written to inspire young black women, which is a good thing.  However, after reading this I do believe Ms. Obama doesn't appreciate that many, many white people voted for her husband and many, many white people have helped African Americans along the road to equality.  I feel a little let down that she did so much to help the black community but the feel of the book was that she didn't give a hoot about white people because they are all of priviledge.  That is too bad.  As much as I have been taught there is richness in diversity, I think the Obamas are missing that.  Sad but true.  I never knew that about the Obama's even though I have heard many people say it.  It wouldn't have changed my vote because they did so much good for this country but maybe they did help get Trump elected.
 Another book to fund wealthy
 This book is so honest and open. Michelle Obama gives you such a wonderful gift of a window into her life and thoughts and experiences that are so personal. I'm enjoying it!
 I have read thousands of books in my life (I'm 86) but seldom have I been captivated so much. I am not a US citizen, I am also a white male. I read this book because I thought it might be interesting to get a view from someone who, in her own words , are "others" in a position about as high as you can get in this world. Yes, it is very interesting but much more, it is inspirational without ever preaching. As a bonus , it is a very well written and nice book. Highly recommended, especially for the young people setting their first steps on the way to becoming.
 Love my book, becoming
 Never have I ever wished I was illiterate, until now. I have read some god awful books in my day, but this one takes the cake by far. I will admit, however, I do have a favorite part of this putrid dive into the life of former First Lady, Michelle Obama (Mad respect by the way; Love women, hate terrible books that make me want to rip my eyes out), and that is when I was able to close the back cover and toss this waste of a tree into a dumpster behind a local Long John Silver's. I would have returned this book and asked for a complete refund, but all of King Midas' silver couldn't give me back the time I wasted reading this tasteless piece of garbage. I support reading!
 I just cant agree with her ideas and concepts. Not for me.
 Michelle has been who she is even when she was a First Lady. It’s people like me want to see something greater than what she wants to be. “Michelle is not Hillary!” Not interested in politics. However, there are always sacrifices to make at a personal level when you work for a greater cause. And, I’m disappointed is because when you have an extraordinary opportunity why waste it on not so significant matters.<br/>Michelle’s, Eat Well, Let’s Move are great initiatives but it became clear to me that Michelle had better success when she worked in Chicago Medical Center and other agencies that I don’t remember names she has it in the book. It proves, ‘You can’t Sheppard sheep sitting on an a camel’, a saying I know. Her accomplishments as a First Lady didn’t match to the changes she had accomplished in her work in Chicago.<br/>”My husband,” Michelle often refers to Barack as ‘My husband,’ this sounds like wife of 1950s. as if he is her property she proudly proclaims. Just say, Barack, we Love him as that, Barack Obama our president.<br/>And, his greatness becomes very clear as she writes about their initial interactions. He knew what he needed to achieve and regardless of financial gains, he went for it. He had clear goals and he too achieved those as a community organizer than as a president. Because he had to deal with Republicans in Washington.<br/>I liked the first part of the book about her childhood, her college years and her meeting with Obama, it were interesting parts. The First Lady in White House, Not much interesting. Maybe because we knew all of it, where she went, who she talked to, her protected daughters etc., nothing new that she has verbalized to redundancy. No other dimension was added, I simply scrolled down half of the book! Sadly!
 Michelle Obama is a gifted writer; so descriptive and sharing on a very personal level.  Her story is empowering for so many that need encouragement.  This is a must read of hope, integrity and realism.
 Very plain read.Self promoting.As i was reading through,it is also predictable.
 Every woman, every person of color should read this book of hope and love. I would hope that those who disagree with the discourse in our country would read this. Perhaps we can take what the Obama's tried to do and carry on their vision of what we can be.
 Let me first say that I don't usually read autobiographies.  I respect and believe in Michelle Obama and miss the class, dignity and brilliance she brought to the White House.  I picked up the book with the intention of just reading the jacket and began the first few pages and was suddenly 100 pages in...  She brings you along on the journey of her life as if you were there with her and her memories of events, moments and snapshots of her journey are salient.  Michelle Obama is such talented raconteur.  I would highly recommend this book!!!
 I received the book today Thank You
 This book was really heartfelt and I loved her honestly. It was really well written in a very precise way which I happen to like. My only problem was all the detail she went into about so many aspects of her life and events that happened in her life.  There’s only so much I want to read about your home on Euclid Avenue and events that took place in her life along way.<br/><br/>I love that she was honest, at least to a point, when talking about her relationship with Barack.  I found myself flipping pages a lot  though, and I don’t usually do that. That’s how long some of the stories were. She did talk some about leaving the White House and her feelings about Trump , and that part was interesting and satisfying. I think I just started to run out of gas with all the stories.  I still love her though.
 I am not sure how I did not notice this when I put it in gift bag but noticed it today when the person I gifted it too opened it.
 The printer must of run out of ink, because the person I gave the book to has complained of more than ten pages being illegible and/or blank. The publisher needs better quality control. Where do I file a complaint to get a replacement copy?
 I bought this book on Tuesday morning and have only put it down to eat and sleep.  I urge everyone (especially young girls) to read it.<br/><br/>Thank you Michelle for a wonderful book.
 It is great read but there are several pages that are not readable due to very light ink print.  I need a replacement as this is not fun to skip several pages or strain to read.
 This was not a book I had planned to read because I am a Conservatve and did not vote for Obama. However, A Book Group I am in chose to read it, so I read it. I was charmed during the first 3/4's of the book, and had begun to reassess my  previous thoughts on the Obama Presidency. I was excited at how Michelle wanted the Republicans and Demoncrats to care more about passing appropriat legislations, than fighting their party line. But then in the last part of the book, she put down Trump very aggressiviely which really turned me off, because I felt she now had just turned against her integrity of the first part of her book. Too bad she did not follow through on her early non-partisan views.
 I was prepared to celebrate this book, but I have had an extremely difficult time even getting past the dust jacket. What is the point of that bare, provocative shoulder? I have always admired Ms. Obama, but having read almost half of this tome, I have decided that I have read enough. Sorely disappointed.
 I’m a big Michelle Obama fan but I found this book to be kinda boring so I still love her but I don’t recommend it
 I read early reviews which announce that Michelle Obama hates politics, (which I don't think is true, she does just not respect it or enjoy it all that much) and that she used IVF to conceive her two daughters, that she and Barack had marriage problems and sought a counselor  But this is mainly gossip and ignores that this book is an insightful, well written, and honest memoir of a young woman who grew up black in South Chicago, that she was loved, and is clearly capable of courage, love, loyalty and honesty, and that she has her own gifts that  would have made her a woman of great value if she had never met Barack Obama.  She is introspective but never self obsessed, a difficult accomplishment in a memoir, she made choices throughout her path to being First Lady, and worked very hard to help disadvantaged and overlooked youth, especially young girls, she keeps her friends for a lifetime, she sets her own path and then plans how to achieve her objective, and while she is a highly educated career woman and Harvard lawyer and University of Chicago Medical Center vice president, she remains a devoted mother and wife.  If you want to learn how to have it all, she will be the first to say you can't, but you can decide where the compromises can be found to have a lot of whatever you truly need.  I loved this book.
 The book itself is beautiful, filled with photos in color showing the chronology of her remarkable life.  One cannot help but appreciate her intellect, forthright perceptions and dedication to her family and our country.  Michelle's vulnerability as black child, black young woman and First Lady is a prominent spectacle of our society.  There are small incidents that stand out as a child for herself and her brother.  It is a sorry reflection of our society, but Michelle (with Barak) changed our history.  Their civility and parenting is a remarkable example.<br/><br/>Her descriptions of her childhood are meticulous.  She recalls her home on the second floor of a relative's house.  Her parents are portrayed as quiet, hard-working people who provided a stable environment for their two children. We have front row seats watching Michelle emerge from a hard-driving child (she needed to be perfect) to a presence in her community.  Despite that this book is filled with specifics, I felt she wisely held back some of her feelings when she became an adult.<br/><br/>Michelle works with hope, not anger.  Although her anger is evident in this memoir, it is tempered with her love and need to hope.  She does reveal, with frankness, her fears and her reference to Trump's lies and its impact is no small thing.  We were very lucky to have the Obamas representing our nation.  They continue to set a standard of behavior.  This book is another example of our evolving nation and Michelle's contribution. Read this honest, forthright autobiography. It is inspiring.
 I found it extremely boring.  Didn't finish the book, read about 3/4th of it.
 This autobiography is a honest and soulful embodiment of the life of the first, first lady claimed by the world. You will laugh and cry, celebrate and commiserate with her as you go through the pages. There is a heartwarming surprise in the middle. Get the hard-copy so you preserve this masterpiece for your second and third reads!
 I grew up in the South Side of Chicago.  I saw President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama from the public side, but this was personal and honest talk. Thank you
 I did not expect so honest and emotionally revealing a self- portrait from a famous celebrity such as Michelle Obama, but Becoming is a compelling account almost impossible to put down.  Reading it reminded me of how many ways she tried to make opportunities for girls around the world and young people of color to be valued and to value themselves, for children to lead healthier lives. The book reminded me of the hope and optimism many of us felt with the Obama's in the White House. We can hope the 2020 gives us another opportunity to bring hope, generosity of spirit, and national unity back to government.
 I dunno. This book just hit me as boring.  I kept saying I can't wait until the good stuff. I was kinda more interested in the day to day with the day to day stuff in the White House which I got in the end.  Loved that Trump was barely mentioned.
 2 stars for effort because I know how difficult it is to write and get published. Had Ms. Obama not been the First Lady her drafts would have been thrown in the bin. A lot of self absorption and countless uses of I, me and my. I imagine he shoulders are still recovering from patting herself on the back so much.<br/>It was an easy read, not a good read. I enjoy reading so it was a gift to me. After I finished the book, I threw it away because it would be a disservice to anyone who might get it from Goodwill.
 I am loving this book well written by someone with something to say of value. I miss having her in the whitehouse.
 This review is NOT about the author or her writings. It's about the quality, or lack thereof, of the actual book.<br/><br/>I bought this book for my wife....I may read it as well. She's about 3 chapters into the book and walked into my office saying that the book has a 'printing problem'.......what?<br/>Turns out that at least a dozen of the pages throughout the book are either blank or ghosted, as if the printing press was running out of ink. What ever happened to quality control? Never saw anything like this before....<br/><br/>So I give the author 5 stars and the publisher 1 star (which is one too many)
 I really enjoyed hearing Michelle's story from her personal point of view. I did find some of the time lapses to have odd gaps, but it didn't effect the overall flow of the story too much. She is definitely quite the inspiration, and I would highly recommend this book to anyone who is trying to find their own path, or simply to those who appreciate the Obama's as much as I do.
 This book is well written and provides the story of Michelle Obama.  Her accomplishments both before she became the first lady and while in the White House are really impressive.  The fact that she is super smart, classy and authentic comes through in every page - it's as if she is speaking to old friends.  Michelle is one of the best examples of the 21st century woman!
 I did not order this it needs to be fixed
 They ran out of ink or what? Pages 84 and 85. Returning this book TODAY! Since I really want to have Mrs. Michelle's Obama book i will check out first in store...
 I disliked how i recieved my product that i paid my hard earned money for ripped from the top of the book cover to the bottom of the book cover.
 I bought this book because I liked Michel Obama I finished the book not liking her at all. She must’ve commented negatively about white people at least 50 times in the book. I did finish it but I deeply regret it I’m sorry I gave her my money. She’s a hater.
 This was a Christmas present and there are several pages that are completely blank. I am not happy about this at all as she cannot even read the book in its entirety. I am requesting a new book be sent and for someone to make certain all pages have been correctly printed.
 Many of us feel like we truly know Barack and Michelle Obama from their eight years in the White House. We grew to appreciate and love them both. But in this memoir, this treasure, Becoming, Michelle Obama not only relates her life but manages to inspire and show us that she and her famous husband are full, rich, mostly ordinary folks. Michelle lets us know how passionate she is about the welfare of kids, especially her own. She gives details of her accomplishments in that arena as FLOTUS, First Lady of the United States. But she makes it clear that her primary focus is being a good mother, good daughter, and good wife. Note that good mother is the first thing I listed here, for she is, above all else, dedicated to her girls. Her main objective as a mother in the White House was to see that her daughters led as normal and as spontaneous lives as possible in that fishbowl with all America looking in. With clarity, structure, and fine writing, Michelle Obama tells her story, from growing up in a middle class African American family on the south side of Chicago, where love abounded, common sense was instilled, and education stressed, to her becoming a lawyer, a public servant, a wife, a mother, and the First Lady. She did it all cheerfully, finding ingenious ways to tamp down stress, have a career, and raise her girls whose father was absent some of the time because of his political ambitions. In Becoming, she tells sometimes funny, sometimes heart-wrenching anecdotes of her meetings with famous figures, wounded soldiers, young people, and mothers who lost their children to violence. She also makes it very clear that she hates politics. She did a lot of politicking to support her ambitious, brilliant, and beloved husband. But she, herself, is glad she is “out of the game” except for an occasional stump speech. And surprisingly, she lets us know that this man she adores has his own warts. The Obama we know as a public figure and love as a down-to-earth but somewhat god-like figure does indeed suffer some human traits that drive his wife up against the wall! And that’s what makes this book so wonderful. I read Barbara Bush’s autobiography, and although I still think of her a gracious, great lady, her long-winded, mostly gushing accounts of everyone she ever met made for a sluggish, often boring book. But Becoming is lively. Michelle Obama is brilliant, wise, educated, a talented writer, and her book is indeed a treasure—as is she.
 She let us in. Decade by decade, she lays it out. She’s just like all of us. You will get to know her better than you know even your closest friends. It’s captivating and enlightening. Her childhood in Chicago and young adult life at Princeton and Harvard were filled with family, friendship, loss, love, community, dignity, ambition, laughter, and great memories for us all to enjoy. She painted the pictures so well. I loved her stories about Barack Obama and her mother. I learned quite a bit about POTUS. What a well-written, first-class memoir!<br/><br/>Going doing in history as the best FLOTUS ever, mainly because she had a full 8 years to engineer so many initiatives and touch so many lives and also because she is still young and motivated. She has many more years of impact, including her initiatives—Let’s Move!, Reach Higher, Let Girls Learn, and Joining Forces. The day she and President Obama left the White House, forty-five million kids were eating healthier breakfasts and lunches; eleven million students were getting sixty minutes of physical activity every day through our Let’s Move! Active Schools program. Through Joining Forces, they’d helped persuade businesses to hire or train more than 1.5 million veterans and military spouses. On education, she and Barack had leveraged billions of dollars to help girls around the world get the schooling they deserve. More than twenty-eight hundred Peace Corps volunteers were now trained to implement programs for girls internationally. And in the United States, she had helped more young people sign up for federal student aid, supported school counselors, and elevated College Signing Day to a national level.<br/><br/>All this and they managed two terms in office without a major scandal. They held themselves and the people who worked with them to the highest standards of ethics and decency.<br/><br/>I must add that I was a tad set back regarding her comments regarding her speech stating ‘she was proud of her country for the first time as an adult’ and of comments about Rev. Jeremiah Wright. Obama seems to not take accountability for this statement, seemingly backpedaling and blaming the media. I was hoping she would own up to it. When your great-grandparents come to America greeted with ease, new opportunities and wealth creation, you are very proud of America. However, when your great-grandparents come to America greeted with chattel slavery, family separation, and murder, well, the proudness is a "stretch goal". This should be understandable for all those who know true American history. It adds context of the shameful history of black people in this country. Juxtapose this with the Rev. Wright headlines and it's like crying foul on one move and chastising someone else (Rev. Wright) for a similar move. She wrote that, “Barack and I were dismayed to see this, a reflection of the worst and most paranoid parts of the man who’d married us…”. Obama's extreme judgment on Rev Wright's "spitfire" preaching, and "narrow-mindedness" seamed very dismissive. She recognizes that this is the mindset of those who'd come of age in a time of segregation, yet used language such as "absurd" and vitriol" to him. When her senior thesis was discovered as to be a black power manifesto, however, she called it "small-minded" and "ludicrous" of the media. She said she was young and naïve. They listened to scores of his sermons throughout the 1990s, yet it's not until 2008 that they are appalled. They distanced themselves for political reasons in 2008 from the man and continue the same narrative and direction. This was, as I believe, to pave the path for their standards of decency. I concluded that her perspective has evolved at a level that none of us will fully understand. She’s sat in kitchens of Iowans, had adorable conversations with the Queen of England and has heard stories of tens of thousands of everyday people. I put this all in perspective...no doubt, and love her like a big sister nonetheless.<br/><br/>Her experiences at 54 are incredibly rich, like none other, and we should all be wholly inspired by this memoir.
 Mrs. Michelle Obama has written an excellent book.  All young girls and young boys should read this book. The book is informative, informational, insightful and inspirational. It provides encouragement and hope for the younger generation, as well as, for all people regardless of age, sex or race. Thank you First Lady Michelle Obama for sharing your story with the world. We love you and truly respect you. I wish you Love and Blessings as you continue on your life’s journey.
 I preordered this book. I’ve just started reading it and can not put it down. It’s a very candid autobiography which is refreshing.
 I'm a big Michelle Obama fan, but I really only knew her work as First Lady. This book gives a really wonderful insight into the full person behind the strong and independent woman who is Michelle Obama. I had no idea of her upbringing, her family's struggles, and her depth of character.
 I have loved her &amp; the entire Obama Family since the beginning! An absolutely amazing book!!
 Awesome- came quickly
 I have loved Michelle and Barack Obama for years now, and was looking forward to her book. As soon as you start to read the preface, you feel like you are having an intimate conversation with Michelle. The book is so genuine, so raw, so well written, that it reinforced for me how utterly remarkable she and her husband are, and how utterly fortunate we were to have them as our president and First Lady. Yes, reading her book made current events all the more painful in a way. But it also salved my wounds a bit, to have this personal conversation with her through her book.
 I like Michelle Obama but I found the book boring I couldn't even finish it.
 A few of my friends and relatives (very few) who have NOT read Michelle Obama’s book have asked me if it’s worth buying. How many ways can I say “Yes?” Hell yes! Absolutely! Without question!<br/>With four of the 24 chapters remaining, I am nearly finished reading “Becoming.” To say that the book is a page-turner is an understatement. I started out reading it like some folks dive into a box of chocolates. Now I’ve slowed my pace because I don’t want the book to end.<br/>I am a crier. I admit it. Sad movies. Sad songs. Sad things, in general, make me cry. I also turn on the waterworks when I’m happy. There are things in this book that made me shed sad tears, but there are numerous disclosures that produced happy blubbering.<br/>It is NOT a book about politics, though political involvements are inadvertently part of her story. Michelle reiterates numerous times that she did not want or pursue a life in the political arena, but she fell in love and married a man who brought her with him into the limelight.<br/>Michelle is honest and inspiration when she talks about growing up poor and black on the South Side of Chicago; about graduating from Princeton and Harvard Law Schools and pondering the decision to give up career choices that she enjoyed in return for getting married and later struggling to maintain that marriage. She talks about motherhood, her miscarriage and finally birthing two beautiful daughters.<br/>If you ever wondered, as I often have, what happens behind the scene when a married couple gets on the campaign trail, she lays it all out there for you. The good, the bad, the challenging, and the ugly experiences of becoming a public figure. Michelle exemplifies her motivational mantra, “When they go low, we go high.”<br/>“Becoming” is a powerful book. It is inspirational to anyone who reads it, but it is a gift especially to Black women who often feel that we are frequently unfairly portrayed as the angry black woman. You will draw fortitude from this book. The former First Lady is intelligent, funny, and can write her a** off. I’ve read a lot of books, and this is the BEST one I’ve read in a long time.
 Amazing book. A true leader. A model to all men and women
 What a marvelous memoir. Michelle Obama sits us down before her remarkable life and shares her story with honesty, reflection, common sense, great advice and, most of all, with hope. An amazing achievement, her book gives a close-up, inside look at her climb from working-class obscurity on Chicago's south side to the relentless glaring spotlight of White House fame. Helping readers understand the dynamics of her family -- including her relationship with her husband Barack Obama and her daughters, Malia and Sasha -- Michelle Obama never lashes out at their political opponents or at her critics. Instead, her book is an example of how to go high when others go low. Rise above the cynics and criticism by working hard to do good for the world. Inspiring and encouraging. I wasn't planning to read Becoming, but I am SO glad I did! Five stars. Highly recommended!
 Deeply moving and so refreshing!
 Reading this slowly to seep in the gift.<br/><br/>I don't know anything about the Obamas; just thought this to be something we could use late-2018.<br/><br/>I was correct.
 I absolutely loved this book.  It was so well written and it just flowed.  It was written almost like a novel and I didn't want to put it down .  I had a feeling Mrs. Obama was a very real, down-to-earth person, and this book confirmed it.  It was a story about how she grew up, her family and how they helped her to become who she is.  She talked about her marriage to Barack Obama, how she met him and how they got through early marriage, his running for office and the presidency.  It also confirmed what I thought about President Obama.  I always felt like he was a sincere, caring person and this book convinced me I was right.  I think they are both caring, sincere people and really wanted, and still want, what is best for the nation.  I know there is probably some bias in the book, regarding the division of the nation and other problems when Obama was president, but I also believe Mrs. Obama told the truth about those issues.  I just loved the way she came across, which was very warm and caring.  It just made me love her all the more!
 Her book made me cry because I felt so many things!<br/>I love her and her family and they will always be the GOAT!!!<br/>Her book embodies her grace, candor, and greatness.<br/>She is and always will be an inspiration.
 This book is marvelous in all respects, as I expected.  But the honesty, the detail, the effort to inform is extraordinary.  What I most appreciated was the effort Mrs. Obama made to detail what she sought to accomplish while in the White House.  Her myriad efforts to lift up women, girls, poor people, students are so admirable.  I cannot imagine how much work went into hosting all the people, especially ordinary citizens and especially young people, that both she and her husband did, in addition to all their other duties.  Exposing people to the music, the cultures, just the mystique of the White House is such a wonderful and generous thing to do.  And to think that she did this kind of work while abroad also, especially in the English school for basically underprivileged girls.  To bring the same students and other groups of people back over and over, so that it was not just a one-time experience.  And then the efforts in the Garden!  It entailed so much work, and went on for the eight years she was there, becoming a really wonderful example.  And to think that now the Park Service tends it and no children are invited in, no learning about healthy foods--why that could not have been continued on some level?  It tells us a lot.  I am very grateful for this book and for Michelle Obama's exquisite and continual effort to stress that at the base of it all was the work of her beloved parents, equally beloved older brother and a host of relatives who showed her what love was and gave her such a solid foundation in becoming who she is today.  The title is well illustrated in this book and I think it is one of the best accounts of a truly impactful life that I have ever read.
 Liked it a sneak peek in to Michelle Obama’s life. Good read and I highly recommend, but it’s a long read that was boring at times.
 1. I voted for Barack H. Obama twice.<br/>2. Before I read this book, I would've voted Michelle Obama had she ever shown an inkling of interest.<br/>3. I have absolutely positively no tolerance for 45, his wife and the entire spectacle of him since 2016.<br/>4. I respect Michelle Obama's health initiative. She seems funny, in-the-know and bright. I also think she looks absolutely stunning on the cover and wouldn't change it for the world.<br/><br/>And then I opened the cover. At first I thought I was having a hard time reading the book because Oprah Winfrey just KEPT doing interviews about it. She did an interview in her own magazine, then an interview with a book excerpt from Elle. Then she did a special series talking about the book. And Oprah just kept giving away the best parts. So I purposely started ignoring all the interviews and excerpts. It was starting to feel like that agonizingly annoying person who talks through a movie and then tells you the ending.<br/><br/>And it's not like I was going to be surprised that her "husband" (which she kept saying an odd amount of times for someone who big-upped Mary Tyler Moore for being so independent) won. I couldn't have been more ecstatic for him. But I went into the book thinking it would be all about her time at the White House, and quite a bit of the first part was about her before she met former President Obama. And as cruel as it may sound, and I did not want to admit it at the time, I just didn't care. I wasn't particularly interested in why she kept staying in the apartment above her parents even with a $120K salary. I didn't care about why she rudely dumped her boyfriend before college. I didn't care about school bullies or the way she treated her Barbie dolls or some of the other random details that just didn't matter. But I pushed through them.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the parts about her father because these were little details we got while she was in the White House, and I thought from both a health and cultural standpoint, it was fascinating to hear how he dealt with MS. Her Jamaican friend who died of cancer was also someone I was interested in. The reason these two topics were interesting to me were because they had actual stories behind them. Her late friend sounded like a barrel of fun.<br/><br/>But I still was pulling my way through the book.<br/><br/>Then I got to the chapter in which she met former President Obama and THAT'S when my eyes lit up and I smiled. This was exactly what I wanted to read. I rolled my eyes at the snarky comments about his "weird" name. Never did understand that criticism. By living on the southside of Chicago, we've both heard "weird" (unusual) names all the time. It's really not worth mocking over and over again in interviews and in person. But I was still sold.<br/><br/>I already enjoyed both of his books, the first one more than the second, and she made him seem even more likable and even-tempered than I already heard. Meanwhile she seemed a bit confused by his need for alone time and described herself as, for lack of a better word, clingy. He gets a book deal and needs to write it. She feels like it's a "honeymoon" away from her. He's not much of a phone person. She makes a snide comment about him not talking to her on the phone more means she'll talk to someone else. There were a lot of strange moments like that, and it made me go, "Wait, you're FLOTUS, and your own words are making me like you less."<br/><br/>She definitely seemed REALLY wrapped up in the husbands and kids end goal, which is fine for women who also have a similar goal. (I'm on the fence.) I genuinely think I would've related to her more if I was someone who had a goal of motherhood. She started losing me. But then she confused me because she also seemed to challenge women who think that motherhood and a husband will suffice. She said she wanted to be like her mother -- but then not at all like her mother. So that was confusing to say the least.<br/><br/>I still read on. Still determined to like her. And then I got to the chapter when Malia got a little sick. And then-Senator Obama would've had to go to Springfield to sign a crime bill. He did not. She admitted that she could've handled this situation on her own, but she never offered the option to the then-senator. Her response: "I didn't care." And that sat with me so wrong that I closed the book.<br/><br/>I thought that one line about not caring about how a bill like that would affect a large crop of people who would support him in votes, in debates and even NOW was so callous. Now I understand why former President Obama said she'd never run for president. I certainly wouldn't vote for someone who would dismiss the significance of that bill. I 100% get the motherhood angle. But if you married who you married, you've got to be ready for a person who pays attention to people outside his home.<br/><br/>I didn't finish the book. If she can't find it in her heart to care about significant laws like that, then I can't find it in my heart to care about the rest of the words in the book. I drove by the nearest library to donate the book and kept it moving.
 “Let’s invite one another in. Maybe then we can begin to fear less, to make fewer wrong assumptions, to let go of the biases and stereotypes that unnecessarily divide us. Maybe we can better embrace the ways we are the same. It’s not about being perfect. It’s not about where you get yourself in the end. There’s power in allowing yourself to be known and heard, in owning your unique story, in using your authentic voice. And there’s grace in being willing to know and hear others. This, for me, is how we become.”<br/><br/>What a truly fantastic memoir. You’re probably hearing that from everyone who’s read this book, and that’s for good reason. Its beautiful prose and thoughtful structure make it an easy yet powerful read.<br/><br/>The book is broken into three parts: “Becoming Me,” “Becoming Us,” and “Becoming More.” “Becoming Me” chronicles Michelle’s childhood and family upbringing, from when she was very small until she was a young lawyer after grad school. “Becoming Us” follows Michelle and Barack’s relationship, marriage, and the presidency. And “Becoming More” goes from relatively recent events through the present.<br/><br/>Every bit of this book was fascinating. I knew very little about Michelle’s family or upbringing other than that she grew up in Chicago, and now I know just how beautiful it was. I also knew little about the Obamas’ early marriage, and now I know that was beautiful as well. But those things were challenging too, and her transparency about them is poignant.<br/><br/>All in all, this isn’t a memoir to be missed. It’s worth every bit of the praise it’s received, and I’m really glad that I got the hardcover to add to my shelves.
 The only dissonance I have with this memoir is the cover photo, but the only cover photo I can visualize as working better is the official painting of her as First Lady. I wonder what her thinking was in using it. Was she persuaded to use it or did she wish to use it? Is her desire to becoming more to be this unbelievably glamourous icon? I think the cover does a disservice to her and to her message. For it is a message memoir--and a worthy one. She accepts that she is a role model, and she wishes to encourage any person--especially young girls--to not give up but to continue striving to reach their goals and to deal with the world as it is.<br/><br/>I liked that she divided her story into three parts: Becoming Me, Becoming Us, and Becoming More. I liked that she avoided politics and was forthright in claiming her story and encouraging her readers to claim their stories. I liked that she was generous in thanking her teams who worked with her in campaigns, who worked with her in the White House, and who worked with her in writing this book and putting together the details and facts that give it heft. Although I noted that she was sometimes repetitive, I was always glad to be reminded of whatever point she was recalling.<br/><br/>Obama writes well, and I hope she writes more books.
 Reinforces how smart and amazing our former First Lady is .  An easy read. Well written and interesting. She is a classy lady and contributed so much to our country
 This was a great read! I appreciate Mrs. Obama's transparency that allows others to relate to her as an individual. This is one of the best books that I've read in awhile.
 I laughed and I cried through out this read...well written and just what is needed now..<br/>Thank you..will treasure this book.
 I love the Obamas and I pray for them always. This book is exceptional. I love everything about it from the beginning to the ending. Well done Mrs Obama
 Eyes welled up at times, and chuckles escaped at other times ... This is a fantastic and incredibly honest and human story about the family, community, upbringing and life thus far, of an extraordinary lady - an extremely self-possessed and very complete woman with great integrity and honor - who just happened to very deservedly, become the historic first black First Lady of the United States. If you were looking for gossip, political score-settling, a hit piece, you certainly won’t find it in this excellent and well-done memoir of a brilliant, wise, witty, principled, disciplined, percipient, upstanding, unassuming, fun, serious, grounded, humble, gracious and incredibly generous and inspiring role model of a woman, who pulled herself up by the proverbial bootstraps - against all odds.<br/><br/>She’s utterly refreshing! Upstanding and unaffected, consistently honorable, wise, percipient, unbeholden ...powerfully human in the most relatable and best of ways... She’s wife, mother, daughter, FLOTUS, woman, human, leader ...The best of the best... An awe-inspiring and completely inspiring and compelling role model who lives and walks her talk.. Wise, fair, honest ...she is the real deal..<br/><br/>This is a woman of great depth and heart .. embodying a consistently lived humanity and caring for the least among us .. an authentic spirit and humanity that isn’t exploitative, self-aggrandizing, contrived .. or tied to self-elevation and scoring political brownie points .. In her memoir, she is gracious and generous - even to those who don’t deserve it.<br/><br/>She in many ways continues to so proudly boost her husband; effusively and generously elevating him above herself, and positively validating and vouching for him in ways nobody else can. Her memoir at times reads like a loving tribute to her husband, her parents, and others who only ever gave her even the most cursory or marginal assistance..<br/><br/>And even where I pegged her husband as a tad selfish/self-absorbed (and not nearly as protective or considerate of her, her needs, as he should and could have been), she instead takes the fall for him, excuses his selfishness away, and provides him cover again and again.. His ‘unusual’ upbringing and ‘ambitions’ seem to absolve him of his rather glaring shortcomings as a not so considerate and not always so protective husband..<br/><br/>A magnificent, double Ivy League educated woman who is at once fun yet serious, down to earth, utterly unassuming, completely self-assured, unaffected and comfortable in her own skin.. In a world full of fickle, hollow, pretentious, contrived, beholden, cowardly, manufactured public figures, she stands out as that rare public figure that is not!<br/><br/>I’ve bought several copies of this book, and will probably buy a few more copies as gifts.. I also listened to her fantastic and emotional Audible narration..<br/><br/>This memoir sets the foundation for Mrs Obama’s life story as a whole, and covers just a sliver of her 8 years in the White House as America’s historic First Lady .. And as an incredibly fulfilling a read as it is, one gets the sense that she has at least 3 great books still left in her! I’d love to read more about her experience at Harvard Law in the 80’s and volunteering for the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau; And I’d love her to write a more detailed first person account of her White House years. I’m dying to read her full and candid White House retrospective when she feels ready ... these must still feel like heady days - even more so than for those of us who don’t have the benefit of lived experience that she does..<br/><br/>This memoir is so honest, offering up her story authentically - and not shying away from sharing honest mistakes that many of us would’ve easily skipped to avoid certain judgement. Even the photographs she includes in the book, and on her book tour, are authentic;  They aren’t posed or photo-shopped vanity images or empty faux-glamor shots re-done again and again, or taken from perfect and considered angles for that perfect vanity capture..<br/><br/>Rather, they are unposed images that capture her normal and naturally lived life, her genuine interactions, and pertinent moments, and activities and events supporting some of her many important, substantive and impactful initiatives..<br/><br/>But like the book, the pictures and her reflection on her motivations for her chosen projects and various initiatives as an executive and as First Lady, capture her effortless greatness, her depth of character, palpable humanity, undeniable grace, beautiful and fun spirit, her decency, genuine connection to a diversity of people, and a keen interest in and attentiveness to those without a voice, and that very real sense that not only is she fully engaged, she actually does care, and sees those who usually aren’t seen .. Her grace, powerful presence, natural beauty, dignity and humility is palpable.. as is her fierce sense of fairness and inclusivity ..of everyone, especially the marginalized, voiceless and least among us.. There is absolutely nothing phony or contrived about this rare gem of a marvelous, marvelous woman..<br/><br/>Mrs Obama remains for me the very best thing about the 2-term historic presidency most decent, thinking people now miss..<br/><br/>She’s self-possessed, clear-eyed, genuine, insightful, sincere, compelling, wise, principled, fun, whip-smart, unpretentious, disciplined, fearless, with integrity in spades..<br/><br/>She absolutely deserves this long-overdue acknowledgment of her unassuming but positively impactful greatness and public presence - as evidenced by the success of her memoir and book tour.  It is heartening that she’s being deservedly recognized as brilliant, capable, formidable and fantastic in her own right, and celebrated and well-received not just in America, but the world over - And all in spite of the Alt-Right and other vicious naysayers who’ve viciously maligned and mercilessly dehumanized her for 10 years and counting, and continue to obsess over her, looking to thwart her and her success - and the fact that she’s still standing and soaring, despite their best and continued malevolent efforts to break her, tear her down.<br/><br/>I am glad that this wonderful memoir, her first documentation of her life story, begins the introduction for so many, into understanding the true historic and cultural importance of this phenomenal woman and historic first black FLOTUS ..A worthy introductory documentation for posterity, of an unassumingly great woman and historic FLOTUS..
 HARDCOVER BOOK, OVER 400 PAGES, TYPE FONT IS VERY NICE TO READ...EXCELLENT BOOK
 I bought the audiobook to listen to during a cross country trip. I love Michelle Obama way more now! Michelle's story should be taught in school. I wish I could have had her parents! Such wonderful people, parents. Michelle's personality and accomplishments are exemplary. Anyone who has anything bad about her has NO IDEA what they are talking about.<br/><br/>Read this book, even if you are poor and can only get it at the library, READ THIS BOOK! This is a blueprint on being a grown-up, on being a good woman, on being a good parent, on being a good spouse. READTHIS BOOK! Your life will be better. You will be better.
 "I knew what mattered to me.  I didn't want to be some sort of well-dressed ornament who showed up at parties and ribbon cuttings. I wanted to do things that were purposeful and lasting."<br/>Michelle Obama, clearly one of the most accomplished and influential FLOTUS' in our country's history, sure did just that. Thankfully, her lasting acts included writing this unusually honest and didactic recollection of her, and even much of her phenomenal husband's, life journeys. For anyone like me who has ever called this woman one of your heroes, this beautifully-written memoir will give you many more reasons to know that she is so worthy of this title. Like her organized life, it is divided into appropriate chunks that make reading it easy and enthralling. Reading it made me feel like I was talking to a close friend who I never wanted to go home.<br/>Who am I? What matters to me? What could I do?  Because of this unforgettable book, I am now motivated even more to find answers to these questions as I live a life using my unique story and authentic voice to hopefully make this world a better place.
 I needed this book more than I could have imagined. I needed to be reminded that grace, wisdom and goodness can exist in politics. Michelle Obama’s voice is heard fully and with an honesty all too rare in America today. It is good to remember that there once was humanity and heart in the White House, and this book makes it just a little easier to believe that goodness might rise again, and that it only can rise if all of us, each of us, commits to goodness and decency in whatever way way can. I feel fortunate to have read this book and feel overwhelmingly grateful for the love and service the Obamas shared with this country.
 I bought the audible as well as the kindle version. It was a beautiful read. Many women, mothers, wives, professionals can relate to this book. It was an emotional, beautiful read. I cried, laugh and "awwwd" as I listed to our First lady Obama share her story. What a beautiful story!
 I really love the details of Michelle Obama’s journey as First Lady. My favorite stories of this book was her giving everyone a birds eye view of what it’s like to be FLOTUS and living within the walls of the Whitehouse.
 These two books should be on my fire 3. Cannot find where to check and move from default to Fire 3
 Usually the public demands on the First Lady of the United States are minimal.  However, we live in times where division is rife and the public are starving for inspiration.  It’s a way of saying, “It’s all going to turn out right or at least as close as possible to right.”  So what is usually such a formidable demand on the President also attached to the First Lady.  Michelle Obama’s memoirs address many aspects of the goals that are expected of public figures.  Will all readers agree with the phases of her life that she describes in becoming me, becoming us, becoming more and the epilogue?  Probably not, but what a fine way to start understanding the ins and outs of the woman who became First Lady for eight years which clearly parallels the mental and emotional journey of America over those eight years of her service.<br/><br/>First, First Lady Obama takes readers into the formation of her educational journey and the establishment of a personality grounded in honesty, integrity and purpose.  She admirably describes her ascent from insecurity step-by-step.  Molded by a hard-working family and meeting the challenges of a father who was ill for many of her growing-up years and of living in a family of limited economic means, she accepted thrift but also accepted a sense of responsibility about handling finances.  Hard work was the journey she was to take to rise from those conditions, encouraged by her parents’ model and life experience.<br/><br/>It would be accurate to describe her education as “driven.” She was hungry to learn and that passion honored her drive with success.  Only after she wrestled through her college and legal education did she finally realize that her calling or passion was not to be law but in something connected to public service.  However, that separation was not as large as she seemed to experience.  That introductory period gave her an immense body of knowledge that she probably uses to this day.<br/><br/>On and on the story continues.  The strengths and weaknesses of a marriage, campaigning for political offices, the expectations of supporters and the hellish harangues of opponents, all in all an evolution of skills and learning how to handle the public and private aspects of her entire life fill these pages of riveting expression, exposure and internal debate.<br/><br/>Readers will love the light-hearted moments with the Obama children, the Secret Service and the friends and supporters of Michelle during each phase of her life, thoughts and responses to which every reader can relate.<br/><br/>This is a memoir that should be must reading for all who deeply care about the future of our country and those who have prominence and influence over goals and dreams.  But more than that, this book is just as important about growing in becoming a life-affirming, honest, humorous, intelligent and deeply caring human being.  There’s much more herein – enjoy sharing Michelle Obama’s life story to date – it’s so real!
 Incredibly well written! Michelle takes us on a journey. Reading about her life; her strength, intelligence and determination is admirable. Her vulnerability, grace and humility is truly something to strive for. As you read her journey you can’t help but ask youself about your own life and all we are constantly trying to become. An absolute must read!
 Michelle Obama is a surprisingly good writer. Her initial autobiography, which takes up about half the book, is a great read, and she is especially moving in talking about loss - the loss of her father to ALS, the loss of a dear friend to cancer. She is also excellent at describing what it is to be Black and gifted in America, even under the best of circumstances - a loving nuclear family, relative economic security. And it's good at describing her meeting and falling in love with Obama. Then something not so great happens. This resilient, strong, self-sufficient woman becomes, apparently, everything she'd sworn not to become -- a satellite orbiting around her husband. The more the book goes on into the Obama presidential candidacy and win, the more the book becomes a paean to Obama. Lots of hints are given about discord - fights, tensions, buried and surfacing disappointments and anger. But how (and why) these get resolved so that everything is A-OK is unconvincing for me. And what of Obama's acceptance of millions of dollars of money from big banks, which financed much if not most of his campaign? This went against everything Michelle said he'd been for, an overall stance against such patronage. What about Obama's war-mongering? His deportation of immigrants and their children? His refusal to criticise the Bush/Cheney regime? Could it be that Obama also received oil and gas money, despite the fact of his taking a stand against fracking? We learn nothing about any of this in what started as a promising book but ends up being the usual heroics the US media now surrounds Obama with.
 This was a good read, and I like Michelle Obama for her ability to keep it real and inspirational for young women of the 21st century – and for not glossing over the challenges she faced along her journey with and without Barack Obama. I highly respect and admire the position she held as First Lady (and the first African American one at that). I believe she is genuine, has a strong work ethic, and is an excellent role model for professionalism and parenting.<br/> However, there were many Black women who came before her whose work is substantially, in my opinion, significant. For example, in 1973, Marian Wright Edelman founded the Children’s Defense Fund as a voice for poor children, children of color, and children with disabilities.  She was the first African American woman admitted to the Mississippi Bar. She graduated from Spelman College for Women and Yale Law School. Her father died when she was fourteen.  She was/is a phenomenal activist whose accomplishments/visibility were not, in part, due to the political attainment made by her husband.<br/>To that end, I am not one of the readers who “couldn’t put the book down” as I read about her accomplishments and goals. What moved me, and what she did well, was write about the passionate and endearing commitment of her parents to her and to her brother. Her father was the epitome of manhood. I felt as I had lost my father all over again when she wrote of his final days and of his passing. Even as Michelle ascended to the White House, her mother was there for her to assist in caring for her children.  A large segment of the population did not/does not have that level of support.  I am happy she took the time and space in the book to acknowledge her privileged upbringing - which had nothing to do with materialism. Well done!
 Utter nonsense.
 I am so glad that I followed the hype this time and bought Becoming. Mrs. Obama candidly revealed who she was by sharing stories from her childhood. Many of the stories actually are unremarkable and that is the point. I can imagine her family life,  a family like many that are the product of the Great Migration, her no nonsense mother, like so many from her generation,  and her father going to work everyday through physical challenges to give his family a better life.<br/>However, this memoir is an extraordinary story because this most ordinary girl became one of the most beloved figures in public life, and it was because she was a product of the humble, loving, and ordinary.<br/><br/>I think this is her message, that young people, regardless of race, socio-economic, religion, address can excel given opportunities, encouragement, and love.<br/><br/>Additionally, I really enjoyed reading about life within the White House. I chuckled at the escapes her mother and even Michelle (to Target) made from their bubble in the White House. It is amazing how she was able to provide a "normal" life for her daughters under the intrusive eye of the public and press. The Obama family's sacrifice to public service is so appreciated and the memoir made me realize what an incredible  sacrifice it was.<br/><br/>Few books conjure up raw emotion in me. But while reading Becoming, I laughed, a got teary, and my heart fluttered.
 It's hard to live after someone dies.<br/><br/>Reading your book brought back so many memories, thank you giving so much. As I read I couldn't help but draw compassions between you, your husband and his administration and the current administration of Mr. Trump. I am both saddened and I realize that I can't loose all hope. Thank you for articulating that as our feet are planted in this moment we have to keep them pointed towards a better future we can make.
 Book is missing multiple pages (pages are blank)
 This is so much more than a memoir. It is also a sermon of sorts--but the good kind of preaching that doesn't shout, scold and threaten, but rather the kind that warmly draws you in and offers extraordinary hope, real optimism and awestruck inspiration.<br/><br/>Written with candor and compassion by Michelle Obama, "Becoming" is not only her biographical story, but also a guidebook for life. By turns charming, heartbreaking and hilarious, this is one of those rare nonfiction books that will grab you and not let go.<br/><br/>The former first lady is many things, and one of them is a gifted storyteller. Her candid tales of growing up on Chicago's South Side, her experiences at Princeton as a black woman, the challenges and joys of her various jobs, meeting and falling in love with Barack Obama, becoming a mother and eventually living in the White House are so colorful and compelling that they could compete with any novel for their ability to captivate readers.<br/><br/>Bonus: The story of how Barack proposed to Michelle is alone worth the price of the book. And hint to men everywhere: Don't do what he did! It will likely backfire. Actually, it's kind of crazy that it worked for him. And aren't we all glad it did!
 I love the Obamas. And a book by Michelle Obama is everything you expect it to be. She is insightful, thoughtful and honest.
 Michelle Obama has given us a look into her life, from the time she was a little girl—right through to her current life as a former First Lady. She shares tales from her childhood, growing up on Chicago’s southside. She talks about places and events that give the reader a feel of the warmth and community that exist on the southside, a portrait that is very different than the popular characterization of the area as a bastion of crime and fear. As someone who grew up on Chicago’s southside and has chosen to return to the area to live, I must say—Michelle did a good job capturing the totality of the lifestyle.<br/>Reading the book is like sitting on a comfy couch with Michelle, having her talk to me about her life. It is well written and makes us feel as though we know the characters she introduces us to. College, politics, her romance and marriage to Barack, trials and triumphs of raising children in the White House, the personal attack’s she received as First Lady...she gives us entree to her life. I am nearly 2/3 into the book and I stopped reading it because I’m not quite ready for it to end. Thank you, Michelle Obama, for an excellent read and for making us proud.
 The tale takes us from her babyhood on the South Side of Chicago through the eight years she spent in the White House as the first black FLOTUS: First Lady of the United States. Along the way she reveals the gift of being raised by very solid and stable parents and a supportive clan of relatives. There are triumphs: Graduating from Princeton University and Harvard Law School; joining the prestigious law firm Sidwell &amp; Austin. There are tragedies: a miscarriage; losing a college roommate to cancer; losing her father at 55 to complications from MS. And there are challenges -- among which the tightrope walk of being First Lady is probably the most formidable.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama is frank about these challenges, and about the times she felt she fell short. She is equally frank about the political opposition and the fears it sometimes caused her. She muddled through, held on to her values, and never forgot how to laugh.<br/><br/>The book includes fifty well-chosen photographs from across the span of her life so far. Most are distinctly non-glamorous. I could wish for an index, but I don't consider it a major lack. It is a thoroughly admirable narrative.
 As a person who lives in a small island nation at the bottom of the Pacific but has visited the USA a couple of times in the previous millennium, I have always wondered how the Presidency worked.<br/>On television Michelle always looked fresh, and lively. Now I understand the amount of work that she had to do to make everything look that effortless.<br/>I am sorry that she is not wanting to stand for POTUS job in her own right. She is just the kind of person who should be running such a diverse country.<br/>She is a natural storyteller. I wish she lived in my country, I would be around to beg something from her garden just to chat with her.<br/>She is a national treasure and should be honoured for being able to bring up her daughters, provide support for Barack, who seems like quite nice bloke, nurture the projects for those that politics often ride rough-shod over and still look serene.<br/>Michelle you are my hero.<br/>Thank you for letting us all in. Lin Tucker
 When I read this book, it reminded me of the book “The Wizard of Oz.”  An ordinary middle class person gets caught up in a whirlwind which leaves her a whole new better person after a trip through a strange land.<br/><br/>Mrs. Obama had an unremarkable childhood with truly excellent parents.  Because of the good people in her life, because she worked hard and tried to be perfect, and because she is smarter than average, she got a sterling education.  She had envisioned a sort of “Father Knows Best” or “Leave it to Beaver” sort of life for herself, but hadn’t really found her own self when she met the handsome, brilliant, and idealistic Barack Obama.  The whole experience caught her in the tornado and left her a better woman and a shining light for a generation.<br/><br/>She is keenly aware of her responsibility, but this isn’t a didactic book.  It is an entertaining romp through the weirdness of he special circumstance.  I cried a few times, but it is not a sad book.  Despite everything, she remains positive and hopeful.  I couldn’t put the book down.
 There is  nothing I disliked about this book.  It was entertaining, insightful, funny, sad and I would recommend this to anyone who loves all these attributes.  When she met Barack, it was NOT love at first sight, but as their friendship grew it was not because of blindly going into a relationship.  I must admit, I had a hard time putting it down for such mundane needs as preparing meals, or going to sleep at night.  Mrs. Obama doesn't sugarcoat her upbringing, or her very extended family, or her misgivings about her choice to become a lawyer.  She wasn't even sure about Barack, but she could see that this was an intelligent, thoughtful, and kind man and these were the first things that drew her to him.  He was messy, she color-coded her class notes; he smoked, she was shocked and hated smoke; he grew up in a free-spirited family, she grew up in a more traditional one.  But it worked out and we are the beneficiaries.<br/>I laughed out loud, and shed quiet tears, felt deep anger, and great hope.
 Although I was delighted to spend Thanksgiving break with my family, reading this book was the highlight for me. In the midst of all of the terrible  things happening in our world today, it is refreshing to relive the moments of the last ten years that made America feel hopeful, United, and more peaceful than before. To get an intimate look at such a remarkable woman is truly life-changing and I am now inspired to set higher goals for myself and achieve my dreams. I now know that although her circumstances are pretty unique, with the right attitude and the right mentors, anyone can achieve greatness. Time to steady on my path towards greatness.
 I’ve read President Obama’s book but she is a much better author!  I love that this book is clearly in her own ‘voice’. She is so honest about adjusting to the stages of her life; from growing up in the South side of Chicago and her early education, being a minority student at Harvard and Princeton, finding a career that was fulfilling, surviving a miscarriage, adjusting to motherhood and being the wife of a politician.  Not only do we get a glimpse of their life together but there is so much wisdom.  I would strongly suggest this for young adults also.  This is a ‘keeper’ that I know I will read again.
 Becoming should be on every junior and senior high school's reading list. It is such an easy book to read and will not require students to have constant access to a dictionary! Not only has Mrs. Obama shared specific details on how she is becoming, she also tells how believing in being different is our first step to moving forward in life with strength and integrity. Additionally, it's an informative peek into living inside the most restrictive house in America. Congrats and thank you, Mrs. Obama, for allowing us to peek. But this book immediately!! You won't regret it.
 What a wonderful, beautiful, smart, fair, and honest book of her times as a child &amp; young w o man, strong at just the point of time to meet Barrack OBama, to hold his hand in support for his chosen Destiny one of the Best, honest, &amp; strongest Presidents in my lifetime.  She gave us just enough of life in the Whitte'House to almost make.us feel some of mystic!  Read this book!  Liz
 Such a poorly written book. So tired of hearing Michele whining like a little girl about how she was never proud of being an American until her husband became President. Why doesn't she try living in another part of the world like Africa. Maybe she will appreciated America a little more than.
 "Even when it's not pretty or perfect. Even when it's more real than you want it to be. Your story is what you have, what you will always have. It is something to own."<br/><br/>Incredible. Inspiring. Hopeful. Heartbreaking. Uplifting. Courageous. Amazing. Phenomenal.<br/><br/>I had the best time reading Michelle Obama's story, thoughts, feelings... I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this book!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>There's so much I didn't know about Michelle Obama (and Barack and their daughters) and it was an absolute delight to read and get to know her through this book.<br/><br/>In these tough times of suffering and not knowing what will happen. Michelle Obama's book is a light in the darkness. It's hope and faith.<br/><br/>"Becoming requires equal parts patience and rigor. Becoming is never giving up on the idea that there's more growing to be done."
 There is so much more addressed in this book beyond the autobiographical details, although they were responsible for making her who she has become.  How she wrestles with self doubt about being good enough resonates<br/>People tend to forget her bona fides in terms of education and employment as she put her focus on supporting her husband and raising her girls. The hurt she must have felt from the cruel words about her is unimaginable yet she always handled things with grace. She always took the high ground, never sinking to the level of her detractors.<br/>Her initiatives towards improving the visibility of the unseen- women, minorities, the “others” are not fully appreciated or recognized.<br/>It makes me sad to see how far we have fallen since the end of their tenure. Mrs Obama says she remains optimistic for which I applaud her.<br/>This book should be required reading. The lessons are legion and worthy.
 This is a inspiring story for everyone who loves America. More than ever we need the love and inspiration that Michelle pours out for everyone who believes in "We Go High"!
 Love the book!
 What I was looking forward to in this book was the answer to the question: "How Did Michelle Obama Become Michelle Obama." And I got my answer, meticulously laid out, piece by piece, step by step. From the child she was to the family she was raised in to the neighbourhood in which was brought up and the wider family to which she belonged, to the education she received.<br/><br/>She allows herself to be open and vulnerable in the telling and shines the light graciously on all the people who shaped her into who she is, from Robbie her mother's aunt, to her parents, her brother, to the strong black women she met along the way at Princeton and at City Hall.<br/><br/>My take away is that her story could have been anybody's story which in the end is the most powerful aspect of this book. That she lays her story bare and doesn't polish its edges: She got into Harvard Law via the Waiting List; She failed in her first attempt at the Illinois Bar; There were always people in school who were better than her. For young women in the process of imagining their place in the world, this is an invaluable read.<br/><br/>It was also great to read her matter of fact retelling of how her romance with Barack unfolded and to get those behind the scenes insights into what was happening as Barack ascended to the national stage. But I like that she tells this story from her point of view, from where she's standing. Barack is a key actor because her life is so intricately intertwined with his, but in this memoir, Michelle Obama is the protagonist. As well she should be.<br/><br/>I know I will return to this book over and over again because it contains so much wisdom for our times.
 She shares her truth with compassion, candor, hopefulness. I've lived with invisibility.  Got accepted to an Ivy-League school, was sexually harassed and left almost immediately. Reading Michelle's history, I thought wow  if only I'd had her parents, her network of support.  So knowing she is still on a mission to elevate and encourage young women is truly inspiring.  Michelle reminds us that the country was lifted by the Obama presidency.  We need her message of unity. Everyone should read this beautifully crafted memoir.
 Four stars may imply that this book is just so-so, but that isn't what I mean; it's actually very impressive indeed.  However, to me, a five-star book means it's really something extraordinary, and I just can't quite get there.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama writes quite nicely -- the book engages in candid, plain speaking that is incredibly refreshing, particularly for someone who had to be so politically correct for so long.  I was impressed that she shared some intimate details of her life, from getting her period to the difficulty she and her husband had conceiving a child; not every First Lady would share those details.  She is also candid about her reluctance and fears about her husband's political career and why she opted to go along with it.  Again, not everyone would be so candid, and it's nice to see her affection for him throughout the book (BTW -- I never felt that was insincere in any way).<br/><br/>So why "only" four stars?  Well, for one thing it glosses over a great deal of what she did as First Lady.  That may be inevitable -- the alternative would be to write a 900-page book.  But there's a sense of "then I did this, then I did that" that gets a bit repetitive if not tedious at times.  I also would have liked some more discussion of her life post-White House; she makes her views about Trump pretty clear (and they're not surprising at all), but it would have been nice to know what she's doing now.<br/><br/>Still, four stars is a pretty good rating when you think about it. And the book demonstrates that there is a reason why she was such a popular First Lady
 I did not vote for Obama because I thought McCain and Romney more qualified by virtue of experience.  Obama is, however, a gentleman and a scholar, and as I write this (2019) I'd love to see him back in office.  As far as Michelle goes, I considered her necessary baggage (like Melania) but was very interested in learning more about her.  I learned that she was very accomplished and committed, with or without Barack.  Yet she is far too focused on 'things black'—which is fine for Michelle as person, but not so fine as Michelle First Lady.  Complaints about black people getting short shrift in life are valid, but I wonder if she really would have made it to Princeton and Harvard without a quota system in place.  (Strangely absent from the book is any discussion at all about her years at Harvard.)  Her complaints about Republicans and right-wingers going after her husband the president are disingenuous in the light of current efforts to discredit and even unseat Trump.  (I personally dislike both of these efforts.)  Strange also is the lack of comment on Malia's WHITE boyfriend(s), given the emphasis throughout the book on the daughters and their well-being.  Some of the tidbits of life in the White House were very interesting to me, although at times I fear she doth protest too much.  She had no problem commissioning a china setting, or spending thousands on a vegetable garden, or going on a dinner date to New York City.  She seemed quite satisfied having all of those black servants at her beck and call, while at the same time mentioning the hurdles that black folks face.  The book, however, is well-written although not fully honest by virtue of suspected omissions.  Thus three stars.
 Very well written - interesting!
 I am one of the 175,000 people who bought Becoming Michelle Obama in its first week of publication. I am not going to review the book--it feels unnecessary. But I am going to talk about my personal reaction.<br/><br/>My interest in the book is part of a long-held interest in the First Ladies dating to the creation of my redwork quilt Remember the Ladies. I read books on the president's wives and individual biographies and memoirs while developing my patterns. I find the role of First Lady fascinating and at times even familiar.<br/><br/>The president's spouse is thrust into the limelight. The layers of expectations and the deluge of attention and isolation, criticism and idolation, are unsought and unwelcome. The president's spouse is not elected and garners no salary and yet is expected to represent the country as an ambassador, hostess, and representative. The president's spouse cannot choose the family's home. Their spouse works long hours and travels a lot.<br/><br/>Michelle honed telling her story on the campaign trail, a way to forge bonds with diverse groups of people. On the surface, Michelle has nothing in common with people like me. But I felt a connection over and over.<br/><br/>Michelle's dad was a blue-collar city employee with MS. My dad was an auto mechanic who worked in his dad's gas station. He lucked into a job in the auto industry as an experimental mechanic. My mom was crippled with Psoriatic Arthritis.<br/><br/>Michelle grew up in a multi-family home, shared with her aunt and uncle. I grew up in a multi-family home, shared with my father's siblings and his parents. When I was five my grandmother moved in with my family. Michelle shared a bedroom with her brother, separated by a wall and enclosed with folding doors. My grandmother and I had side by side bedrooms, once a larger room that was divided, and enclosed with folding doors!<br/><br/>Michelle had piano lessons. So did I. She has a brother. So do I.<br/><br/>Michelle had children in her thirties. I had my son in my thirties.<br/><br/>When Michelle's husband went into politics it meant he was away much of the time, leaving her to juggle a career, running the home, and raising their kids. My husband took a job where he spent four hours a day commuting and was home only a few hours a day. He frequently traveled across the states and several times a year was abroad. I juggled the homefront and raised our son.<br/><br/>Michelle's husband's career left her with difficult choices between stability for the family and being together. She found herself thrust into the spotlight, but also in his shadow with her own accomplishments sidelined to her role as Barack's wife. My husband's career as a minister meant frequent moves, some dictated, with no choice of the house we lived in or the school district our child was in. At gatherings, people surrounded him and ignored me. It was expected that I attend events and take on leadership and act as a figurehead. I often did not meet expectations as I tried to be true to myself.<br/><br/>When Michelle wrote that she and her husband had always been sounding boards for each other and how Barack had perfected the ability to set boundaries between work and family, being fully present even when they "lived above the shop" my respect grew deeper than ever. Living in a church-owned home with a husband on-call 24-7, parishioners' happiness dictating housing needs and raises, it was hard to have boundaries between our family life and my husband's career. When churches were in crisis it affected us all deeply.<br/><br/>Michelle Robinson Obama may strike you as someone charmed and glamorous.  But, I related to her. I got it.<br/><br/>After all, she grew up in a divided bedroom with folding doors.
 Google top selling books for 2018 and you’ll see Michelle’s memoir. She’s been talking to Colbert, Ellen and Oprah about it. Amazon lists it for less than $20. Buy it. Read it. Then give it to someone else to enjoy.<br/>I admit her story was NOT what I expected. There’s a lot of heart in this memoir. One word: Poignant. I just finished Michelle Obama’s book Becoming. I knew how it would end and yet I had a hard time reading the final pages and Epilogue. I cried. Much like I had cried the night Barack won the Presidential election. I sobbed even harder the night, two years ago, when I realized that the Obama’s home was no longer 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. I felt like I knew our First Family even though I had nothing in common with them. After spending several hours reading and thinking about what I had read, I realize I had NO idea about the intimate roles of President or First Lady. Michelle’s book reveals the hardship, the sacrifice and the strength of reigning from the highest office in our nation. It reveals integrity and beauty. Therein lies a solid foundation of respect. Most of all, her words describe an element of love. The kind of deep, unyielding love that one has for family, for dear friends and for our country. But there’s more. There are examples of love for strangers, for staff, for children. Yes, this book is about Michelle’s life. She grew up in Chicago in a small apartment with her parents and her brother Craig. They were and still are a close-knit unit. With Barack, there are tender memories shared. Some are downright funny; other memories require more than one Kleenex. She was a successful and productive business woman and I found her struggles as a new mother completely on point. She found ways to make it work. She also supported her husband’s political dreams without knowing what was next. Michelle worked long and hard at home and out on the campaign trail ever mindful of the girls’ needs. She persevered. Once Barack was President of the United States, her mission field reached far beyond DC and her programs have left a legacy that is genuinely heartwarming. With this book, Becoming, I have the distinct feeling that she is not finished. She is just beginning!<br/><br/>One of my favorite passages, “You had only to look around at the faces in the room to know that despite their strengths these girls would need to work hard to be seen. There were girls in hijab, girls for whom English was a second language, girls whose skin made up every shade of brown. I knew they’d have to push back against the stereotypes that would get put on them, all the ways they’d be defined before they’d had a chance to define themselves. They’d need to fight the invisibility that comes with being poor, female, and of color. They’d have to work to find their voices and not be diminished, to keep themselves from getting beaten down. They would have to work just to learn.”<br/>**She goes on to describe a strong connection between them and herself – words of hope.
 Warm, honest, inspiring! Love it!
 Amazing story on an amazing woman! Such an inspiration! This book makes me admire and respect her even more than I already do!
 It was interesting to see this behind the scenes view of the Obama's rise to power and presidency from the point of view of his wife. It was definitely Michelle's story. Michelle seems like someone I would really like as a friend.<br/><br/>I was shocked and rattled as many people were at the results of the 2016 election. So I could not help reading this book looking for clues as to why it went the way it did.<br/><br/>Although Michelle was very inclusive in her view, she was very focused on women of color all over the world recognizing their self worth and achieving. She could see herself in these women.<br/><br/>I had to wonder about the mostly blue collar white men who clearly felt that their needs were not addressed by this administration. I wondered about the drug ravaged rural areas that just seemed to get worse over those years. Weren't they the ones who spoke in their choice of someone who provided hope? And the concerns about illegal aliens living in this country which upset many of this group.<br/><br/>Perhaps I will see more of these concerns addressed in Barack's book but I feel like we may have missed it. Barack Obama certainly was my favorite president and I was sad to see him go. But this election result did not come out of nowhere. It seems like in our enthusiasm to see the racial divide addressed, we missed something, something huge.
 I did not care for this book. It seemed like this is a person who has a very very very big ego. I picked this up at my  local library because it was displayed prominently there in front and I usually like to try new things. Not a very engaging read and very boring. Some people might like people talking about themselves in nothing but glowing terms, but I do not.
 This book is nothing what I thought it would be. Unfortunately, Michelle reveals too many negative characteristics about herself as a woman , a wife and her mindset.  Disappointing read 👎🏽
 Well I was very excited that my book came today HOWEVER, I am not happy that on the book sleeve/ front cover, Michelle Obama has three dots on her face! What the heck!? I can’t even wipe them off!
 The writing flows with a humanness missing in many memoirs.  We get to understand the mind and making of this great and kind woman.
 I attended  Barack Obama’s first inauguration. It was coooooold! After the swearing in ceremony, we tried to escape early and beat the metro traffic but I didn’t know DC well and inadvertently tried to cross Pennsylvania Avenue, where the President always walks to great folks (good to know for next time!). So inevitably we couldn’t cross and were stuck for hours... I already mentioned it was cold right ? Well, silver lining was that we got to see the Obamas strut and do their “we in this bish!” thing. I smiled and waved as Obama turned in our direction, but when I saw Michelle Obama...I went BANANNNNNAS ! Something came over me and I turned into an adolescent girl at an Immature concert (circa 1994)...and then... she noticed me &amp; laughed because of my excitement. I.Made.Michelle. Obama.laugh! No lie, this is one of my most cherished memories and I have been BEYOND BLESSED in this life with lots of other incredible memories and experiences so this says something.<br/><br/>So of course, when her book came out I was exciiiiiited. I signed up for the waiting list at my local libraries (yep, I use two accounts, shout out to supportive friends and fam!!). I was like #10 of 50 on one list and like #200 of 400 on another. In the meantime I watched interviews on YouTube where all the spoilers reinforced the fact that this wait list thing just wasn’t the business so I ended up buying the book on Amazon (if I’m going to give my money to anyone, then Michelle Obama can taaaake it!).<br/><br/>What I read was far more than I’d expected. All the videos and interviews online focused on marriage counseling, in vitro and trump drama (spoiler alerts!) but those are nothing compared to the depth of what this woman shared with the world. I didn’t know it was possible to love and honor her so much than I already did (although admittedly I didn’t know much about her except for what she represents as the first African American First Lady - that info was enough for this great grand daughter of the Great Migration!). Reading Becoming was the first time I learned her story and that’s just it: she is a woman wedded to her husband but separate from him. Living her life, doing her thing, inspiring us all while she strives to honor herself within her particular social and historical context.<br/><br/>While reading, I cried, laughed, and basically highlighted the ENTIRE book. I sent screenshots of passages to friends who are going through their own human challenges bc her life &amp; inner reflections are so applicable to millennials in our 30s trying to find purpose in life, children who have lost parents, new mothers, people trying to disentangle ourselves from the validation of others and striving to discover the best way to be of service to the world.<br/><br/>I highly highly recommend this book! It is raw, honest and compassionate. Highlighting that we are all in the process of becoming and can constantly work toward higher levels of authenticity and love.
 This book feels important.  It reminded me of my favorite classics I read in school. Michelle Obama is a great writer.  She may say her husband is better, but she has her own voice.  Her masterful use of language and themes, makes this book feel almost like a fictional story.  I love her description of her early years in Chicago, her piano lessons, her family.  She has a gift of being so relatable while being so truly exceptional.  Reading her book made me feel like I was wrapped in a warm hug.  I couldn't put the book down.  Her struggles of giving up her career while still trying to make her mark as first lady, her frustration with politics, how she dealt with all the constant criticism and cruelty aimed at her.  She is such a strong person.  How she balanced being a mom while needing secret service and being so public.  Honestly, both she and Barack are great story tellers. I will read any new books either of them come out with. If Sasha and Malia choose to write books, I'll preorder those now, too.<br/><br/>I saw some reviews who were expecting more gossip etc. Why you would expect that, I have no idea.  Michelle Obama said "when they go low, we go high."  So if you are expecting a lot of trash talk you won't find it. But you will find an inspirational book that connects her personal stories with the greater social and political context.  I've always been a huge fan of hers and now I love her even more.  If you are feeling cynical and depressed by current events, her book will help you feel hope again.  Thank you Michelle Obama for this honest and beautiful story that took a lot of courage to tell.  ❤
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book, it was a  detailed and encompassing story of life in the  WHite House.<br/>I've always admired Michelle and this book confirms what a tremendous person she is.  I couldn't put the book down. I would highly recommend this book to everyone.
 I wasn’t going to buy this book because autobiographies, I. My opinion, are usually really boring. However after watching a couple interviews Ms Obama did, I decided to buy the book. It arrived yesterday and this evening I finished it. I simply couldn’t put it down. Everyone probably knows the basics of her story but the insights she shares about her life were so very interesting. I kept thinking her “haters” should read the book - objectivity. This self driven child becomes a woman living within self (and societal) ascribed boundaries, she does all the “right” things and obtains her goal of working at a prestigious law firm. She matter of factly deals with white racism, privilege and just plain failure to ever attempt putting oneself in another’s shoes  (I was left wondering if her college roommates mother - after Ms Obama became Flotus - had regreted  having her daughter moved into a different room without a “black” roommate, but probably not.)  She meets a young man who grew up in an entirely different environment but who also succeeded in his endeavors and they marry. She finds herself living a life not even remotely like the one she had always envisioned but she had chosen it and embraced it. I love the truths she related throughout the book and those truths are why she has a legion of admirers including the Queen of England!  Read the book. Meet Michelle Obama!
 Just diving in but already so real, relatable. I can picture the movie already.
 Touching and encouraging, written with passion for life and justice. Entertaining, a book that makes you smile, laugh and brings tears to your eyes. I am getting several books to give as  Christmas gifts to the women in my life: friends, sisters, daughters. All women should read the story of a woman that built her path in spite of adversities. And of course, a big hug to her mom! Michelle would  have not been able to do it without some help and encouragement. And the guy that married her knew the treasure and partner that he was getting. Behind a great man is a phenomenal woman. And Michelle Obama is that woman! This story of her life is an example to follow. She is a role model for all women regardless of color, religion, or other.
 This memoir was the most heartfelt, real and wonderfully written biography I have read in a long time. Mrs. Obama comes across as genuine and opens up honestly about fears, hopes desires and ambitions in her life. It is a biography that is relatable and genuine. I zipped through this book, and even when it ended I wanted more. More of the hope and awesome nature of this wonderful woman, mom and dedicated person. A must read.
 I loved every word. Michelle Obama is sincere, intelligent and such an inspiration. Very unique special woman.
 Mrs. Obama did a fantastic job in writing this book about her family background, her life growing up in Chicago and her years as First Lady. Her experiences at Princeton help to clarify her focus on the need to educate and encourage young people to strive for excellence.
 Before I begin my review, I must comment on some of the one-star reviews for this book on Amazon. A few make no critical remarks about the actual book, but complain about delivery or something else related to the physical quality of the book. Many of the one-star reviews that disparage this memoir, are not labeled "verified purchase." Which makes me think that trolls are showing up on Amazon merely to say nasty things about the former First Lady without actually buying the book.<br/><br/>Which, funny enough, gets to the heart of many things she talks about in the book. Those who would never accept either her husband or her as President and First Lady. There's no pleasing such people, so please, please, please, when reading these reviews, consider the source.<br/><br/>That said, "Becoming" is an honest and inspiring memoir.  Michelle grew up on the south side of Chicago with a father who, even though he suffered from MS, hardly missed a day at his blue-collar job, a mother who was a guiding presence without being controlling, and a brother, Craig, a basketball star and scholar who was protective and encouraging of everything his sister attempted.<br/><br/>Nothing was handed to Michelle. She worked hard in school, earning her place not only at Princeton but at Harvard Law School. (She was not given a free ride at either school and graduated with loans like so many young people today.) Even though she was a successful attorney in a prestigious law firm, she sought more meaningful work in the community. I'm not sure many people understand that, like Hillary Clinton, Michelle was successful in her own right, not just because she married Barack.<br/><br/>She could easily have left out what she and Barack went through to have children, first miscarriages and then IVF. And she didn't have to talk about the couples therapy they sought out when their marriage hit a few bumps in the road. She makes it clear that marriage is never perfect, but communication is key, something that so many people understand.<br/><br/>Michelle never embraced the political life. She happened to marry someone who was destined to be president, but she had reservations. She feared the loss of her privacy and what being in the public spotlight would mean for her two daughters. But she felt that the country needed someone like her husband and so she signed onto the campaign.<br/><br/>I have always admired Michelle but reading her story has helped me to understand this incredible woman even more.
 These days I generally prefer novels, but since I like the Obamas, I decided to buy Michelle's book.  It is surprisingly readable, in that there's no suspense, since we know how everything that she writes about turned out, and she does not offer any salacious gossip or details (thank goodness.)  With the genuine grace and class that the Obamas exhibited throughout everything, Michelle simply tells her story.  She relates her perspective on her life growing up, meeting her husband, having children, coming to terms with the many adaptations required in being a couple, the campaign, adjusting to public life, and leaving the White House.  She relates a story which is interesting and compelling because it is so real, so genuine, and so easy to relate to, especially for any woman balancing self and relationship, children and career, and for some, complicated by the cultural and racial factors of growing up as a minority in America.  Also, it is beautifully and eloquently expressed.
 I love how positive the book is. As someone with multiple books going at once, this one has captured my attention.
 I loved every word! Experiencing Michelle Obama from the inside out, rather than via her public image, is an amazing experience. Listening to her strong and powerful voice brings home the reality that although our skins may be different shades of color, what many of us dream of, wish for, and aspire to, is more parallel than different. That what many want for our country and for the rest of the world is pretty much identical. As I would expect, Michelle has taken the high ground in telling her story about growing up in South Chicago, meeting Barack Obama and falling in love, and joining him in his run for the Presidency of the United States. She focuses on what she and Barack did, why they did it, and what they hoped to accomplish; she avoids name calling and instead spells out details of a quest that will leave a positive post-White House era impact on many, many readers. Thank you, Michelle Obama, for this wonderful gift to "we the people." I will treasure this book for years to come.
 Wow - a book you cant put down once you open the cover and begin reading - - its just that good!
 Very informative book.  Very grateful for the personal sacrifices made by the Obamas to make our country and world better. Very inspirational especially in these troubled times.
 This book is a very interesting window into the Obama years in the White House.  Michelle Obama is a very caring, empathetic, compassionate person.  Her journey from from a humble upbringing to the White House should be an inspiration to all of us
 I was already an Obama fan but now even more so.  She's so honest and down to earth in her story telling.  Mrs. Obama is a wonderful inspiration not just for women and girls, but for all Americans.  This is a great read:-)
 It's all in the eye of the beholder, but I think this is a very enjoyable and uplifting book. I feel like Michelle shared parts of her story we never would have gotten til some presidential biographer wrote their story many years from now.  I won't be around then, so had to get it now.  It does feel good to have had this amazing couple at 1600.<br/>I'm keeping this on my Kindle and on my iPad.  When I need a reprieve from our daily trials, I can revisit certain chapters which spoke especially loudly to me.  Michelle, stay strong because we need you and your husband to stay in the fight.
 As a woman who has made choices about career(s) in male dominated fields (e.g.geology), and getting married and having kids (and doing the "mommy track" for a while), I understand many of the thoughts, emotions, and decisions Michelle Obama describes.  She deals with the decisions, and their consequences honestly.  Choices have consequences, and one choice often limits or eliminates other options you might have considered.  Being happy with, and accepting, the trade-offs is important, for both men and women (life is, after all, a series of choices).  I highly recommend this book to young women, and men, as they deal with these kinds of choices.  It also has wonderful insights into history and into Barack Obama's life and choices.  It is well written (as you would expect from a Princeton/Harvard graduate with both legal and public service experience.  I highly recommend this book!
 Growing up in the South Side of Chicago, only blocks away from Michelle 's childhood home, it was so enjoyable reading about places I've known and been to. I work where she worked when she was still there and got a kick out of the picture in the book taken in the hallway below my office.<br/><br/>I got so much joy reliving the moments of Barack' s campaign and seeing it from her eyes. How hopeful we all were brought tears to my eyes.<br/><br/>Her childhood, thier courtship, marriage, childbirth, admin istratons: Everything just made me happy.
 A highly inspirational book.  I hope that every woman and girl who needs to here that they are good enough and that they are valued gets to read this book. I personally hope someday to be able to meet Michelle Obama.
 I began reading it because of things I heard about it. I never realized how much shadowed my life. I am an elderly, white woman. My family was poor,lived on the “wrong side of the tracks”, and grew up in a time women were not encouraged to move ahead. I did go on to eventually go far beyond the expectations of others. In the years I have remaining know I can still make a difference. My mother taught that if you have hope all doors are open. Thank you Michelle Obama for seeing it through your eyes and knowing we are not that different.
 One of the most easy to read, yet eloquently written memoirs I've read. Michelle is a force to be reckoned with and yet the way she tells her story makes her feel like an old friend. Relatable always. Eye opening at times. But I couldn't put it down! Makes me miss them in office so much, I cried so many tears.
 Intelligent, Candid, open, encouraging, honest and inspirational. All the attributes of a model woman, daughter, sister, wife, mother, and First Lady of the United States. Like her or not she's Real, Beautiful, Intelligent, Humble, Loving, and a Perfect model of a FLOTUS! History will reveal her one of the best First Ladies we've ever had and her husband one of the best if not The Best! Loved her well written, honest and candid look at becoming Michelle.
 Our former First Lady, Mrs. Obama, has been an enigma for me since arriving on the scene. Someone you think you know in a way, but yet never could know from a distance. She’s the product of life and people and choices and situations, like anyone, but her’s is a story that led to the most powerful role in the land: First Family.<br/><br/>So how does a black woman from Chicago end up as First Lady of the US? Who is that person you see on TV, talked about in the news, and both revered and maligned every single day?  She’s always seemed intelligent, well spoken, and interesting. But who is she? She was grace, poise, and beauty in a single package, but how in the world did she end up with POTUS?<br/><br/>Without question, this is one of the most enjoyable non-fiction reads I’ve encountered. One of the best autobiographies I’ve taken on. Her prose are engaging, fresh, interesting, and bring you in until you realize it’s been an hour or more and you just cannot put it down.<br/><br/>Mrs. Obama is one of the most interesting women I’ve “met” - in that I’ve never met her, yet now know more about her than many I have met in person. Her story is not just interesting, but it blew me away. Her ability to tell a story is not just unique, but gripping, holding your attention with a style of interesting prose. She brings you through her stories as a character in story, then brings the lessons, ideas, and thread full circle in a single chapter, or overall arch of the book.<br/><br/>I’m not going to give away any of Mrs. Obama’s stories - she is the far better teller of her own story - but within these pages you’ll discover how her family influenced her, her love of family, how she and the future president met, how they developed as a couple, and how they raised their beautiful daughters. She shares behind-the-scenes stories of history in the making and her front row seat and participation.<br/><br/>Without question if you enjoy a good autobiography this is a must-read. If you at all admire Mrs. Obama, read it. If you’re. fan of politics, or women, read it. And frankly, anyone who is interested in intelligent, interesting, and powerful women, this book will show you how one got there, earned her way in, and worked with dignity and poise for everyone because she thought it the right thing to do.
 Michele O is someone I would love to have as a close friend.  She's real.  She's together.  Her strength is what I've tried to maintain all my life as a woman and mother wondering how it would affect my children through the years.  They're all in their early 60s now and even come to me when they just need a shoulder.  The joy to find a life partner and decide to let him be who he needed to be as she decided to support his dream all the way.  I'm so proud to know a little more about such a fascinating woman.  You go girl!
 Warm, witty, easy read.  Michelle Obama's telling of her journey from the South Side to the White House is a must read, especially now when we need to remain hopeful that our country will survive.
 Becoming by Michelle Obama lifted my spirits and touched my heart. Obama writes in a way that makes the reader feel like a new friendship is being forged. She writes her story without apologizing for who she is from childhood forward. She shares her insecurities, which somehow only make her seem stronger. She shares her journey from childhood through her time as First Lady of the United States. She talks about her missteps and her accomplishments with the same honesty. She shares her resistance to politics and living in the spotlight with unexpected openness. Becoming truly embraces the ongoing journey through life to becoming one's best self and embracing that self in any given moment. She shares stories that resonated with me and had me nodding along and other stories that my life experience doesn't give me context for. I felt like I understood life in general a little better from reading Becoming. I loved Becoming so much that I often snapped photos on my phone of passages that particularly spoke to me and that I wanted to be able to easily access later. I gifted Becoming to a good friend when I was only about halfway finished reading it. And... when I was finished, I looked up contact for Mrs. Obama and sent her a short note about the impact the book had on me. Obama's honesty and insight inspired and encouraged me to continue using my own words to try to make a difference in the world. Becoming gently empowers the reader to embrace their own journey to becoming more of themselves as Obama demonstrates how we all converge and diverge on our life journeys.
 “There’s power in allowing yourself to be known and heard, in owning your unique story, in using your authentic voice. And there’s grace in being willing to know and hear others. This, for me, is how we become.”  This quote, the last three sentences of this book, wrap up my feelings about this wonderful memoir.  This book allowed me to feel the emotions that FLOTUS Michelle Obama inspired in me while she was (and still is) my First Lady and to also try not to become cynical as we weather the US government today.  This book has set my Becoming to “I’m becoming comfortable in my role as a secure black female educator that knows her actions will continue to influence a generation of young women of color.”  Fantastic Read!!!!!!!
 First, I must say, I am an admirer of Michelle Obama. Now, if she never became the First Lady, I would probably not really know who she was. The public sees the First Lady as this icon, and that I believe she is, but I think there is much more behind who she is, and what she has done. So, I was anxious to read this story, written in her words, about her life and experiences. I enjoyed how this was put together, and I learned a lot about her background, and her life living in Chicago. She came from humble beginnings, and never lost sight of where she came from. I found the book to be real, not just have a partial realism. That Mrs. Obama is indeed a truly beautiful person, not just on the outside, but the inside as well. Her thoughts and actions that surrounded motherhood, the loss of friends and family, and how she fell in love with a man that would be President. I not only found her words inspiring, but I learned about her life, her family and some things I didn't know about living in the White House, the things you'd never know unless you experienced it. I am glad I invested in this book and read it from cover to cover, taking in the statements, whether written or unsaid, who am I and who do I want to become? It's not about politics, but about being human, and sharing experiences to lift up others, never tearing anyone down.
 No other way to say it...this book is a chore to read.
 Lindas Book Obsession Reviews “Becoming” by Michelle Obama, Crown Publishing Group, November 13, 2018<br/><br/>In Michelle Obama’s Memoir, “Becoming”, Michelle Obama does an amazing job of vividly describing her life and experiences from South Chicago, to First Lady of the White House, and after. The author describes her life growing up with her parents and brother in a family member’s house on the top floor. She loved music and playing the piano. As a child, Michelle mentions she was determined and full of questions. When things seemed unfair at school, her mother would help balance out Michelle’s feelings as well as what was going on in school.<br/><br/>Determination led Michelle to an Ivy League college and to become an attorney who was a mentor for a young man, Barack Obama. Michelle realized that she was not happy practicing in law, and left for other jobs that better fulfilled her needs of giving to people in the community.<br/><br/>In this wonderful memoir, we get a glimpse of a hard-working, strong and independent woman that balances motherhood, work, and being the First Lady.  I would highly recommend this inspirational book for those who enjoy memoirs and being part of History.
 It seems 2018 was my year for reading memoirs. I am not usually a fan but I did read several. I didn't care that much for the others I read but "Becoming" was phenomenal! I started out with a library checkout but a personal tragedy and then the holidays slowed down my reading time and I didn't finish before I had to return it. Even half-way through I knew I loved it enough to own so I ordered it from Amazon and took my time finishing. Michelle Obama has always been relatable so it is no surprise that reading about her life I could identify a lot of her childhood with parts of my own childhood. I am older than her but I remember the times she grew up in. I enjoyed learning more about her family and friends and of course, her early life with Barack. I have to admit I cried several times reading about her loss of family and friends while going through my own personal loss. The Obamas have always meant a lot to me and I am thankful Michelle wrote this book so I could learn even more about her. Now I look forward to the memoir that Barack is working on!
 Doesn't help
 This is one of the best autobiographies I have read.  Mrs. Obama has a very straightforward honest voice.  I did not know much about her background but her life has been an extraordinary example of the American dream.  Her childhood was not so very different from mine, as far as the family and family values are concerned.  Her circumstances were slightly different, especially because of the racial component, but I could truly relate to the story she told.<br/><br/>Through her writing she made me feel the surreal experience of living in the White House and all that entails when you have come from an average middle class background.  She expressed the appreciation she felt to all those who supported and helped them throughout the experience in a very touching way.  She did not take this experience for granted.<br/><br/>She and her husband have worked hard for the success they have today.  That is what America is supposed to be about.  This is a truly inspirational story that all our youth should be reading.
 I didn't expect to learn as much as I did about not only Michele Obama herself but about the experiences of a First Lady and her family during their time in the White House. It was very engaging and honest about her feelings, whether it be about how her family lived when she was growing up, her college days, the early days of her husband entering politics, marriage, motherhood, and her role as the First Lady.  I always thought highly of her in her role as the First Lady but after reading this book I have an even higher respect for her. She is someone I would love to meet and chat with some day and I think anyone who reads this book with an open mind would walk away feeling the same. No matter what your politics, this is a woman who should have your respect. As to the book itself, it's wonderfully written as if you're just sitting listening to Michelle Obama telling you the stories that she's lived through. I could almost hear her voice as I read! Well done!
 Ms. Obama has written a very personal story of her life and relates what it is to be black and female in the United States. Even with her intellectual gifts and hard work, it is a difficult life in her country and a fragile existence. I was moved by her efforts to improve the potential futures of the girls in subsequent generations. I would recommend the book to anyone with an interest in culture of black America.
 I was fascinated start to finish by this bio of Michelle. Not only as relates to her own life history and the turns she took in life as she pursued her passions while supporting her husband's, but the behind the scenes into American politics just leaves me befuddled. That the USA can't figure out a better way to get the job done for Americans, to compromise, to put the needs of all of us ahead of the needs of a few of us. It's incredible that something as simple as planning a garden for children as part of a larger movement to improve children's health is simply incredible. We all have to step up and vote. Change can happen only if we accept responsibility for doing the research, listening to the full story, not just biased reporting (yes NPR, I'm looking at you too) and get to the polls. This makes it sound like a book about politics but in essence it's really about humanity and the way we treat each other and allow our leaders to treat this country.
 realnice
 Ms. Obama did an excellent job of giving America version of herself and her journey as well as her perspectives into her husband and politics.<br/><br/>However, there's a definite sense that much was redacted and there's VERY heavy play on the concept of self-promotion toward helping women of color. What Michelle missed in all of this is how many women (white) admire her and she did nothing to even reach out to white women, other than a nod here and there to people she holds dear to life's end.<br/><br/>Michelle comes across as insecure, at times, with a need to tell you all she did through mentors that she thought were wonderful, and that's fantastic, but she misses the mark. Her audience is not strictly black but she felt the need to go out and tell all black women they can "do this" not even realizing for a moment the white women needed her as well.<br/><br/>Michelle, you're not a black iconic woman but a woman. To "Become" as you're indicating, you need to realize you represent ALL women.
 I'm on Chapter 17. I adore Michelle Obama and respect her a great deal. But do I really have to spend pages to find out what her friends liked to wear? We spend chapters on her childhood and then bingo bango, she's married, has kids, and is on the campaign trail. Huh? After wading through all of this stuff, I wanted the book to be more consistent. I wanted the pace to be faster and not dwell on every little detail, which seemed to bog the book down. Some of that is great, but the extent to which the book seems to be at a standstill makes it hard to get through the entire book. And it is a hefty book. I want to know more about what she accomplished on her job during her early marriage, how she balanced her career with motherhood, how she made the decisions she did.  To me, Michelle Obama has a head on her shoulders. I don't think this book needed to be this length. About half of the material on her childhood could have been cut without harming the book.
 This account of Michelle Obama's personal and professional life rings true.  That doesn't mean that there might not be some stretching of the truth or that it isn't interpreted in her very special way.  However, for the most part this view of Michelle Obama and those who have touched her life has a down to earth feeling in the telling of her life so far.<br/>It is written well.  I'd like to think that there weren't too many editors or writers who adjusted what she had to say.  It is easy to read, yet there are no boring parts.  It is a book that motivates you to read on.  I know that for those who grew up in Chicago it has a particular allure.  For those who don't know Chicago it gives a straight forward glimpse into the black community and how that part of the population spent their lives in that city.<br/> I would recommend this book as a very pleasant read, and perhaps one more reason not to trust politics.
 i chose this book because i have been an admirer of first lady michelle obama for a while. i did think it a relatively light version of her life and experience in the white house and i would have preferred more depth to her insights. it seemed to me that there were quite a few thinly veiled pokes at the current president, which i both understand and agree with. i would recommend this book to young women seeking a female mentor whom they can emulate. i think she has a lot more to say and would love for her to write another book that digs deeper.
 Becoming by Michelle Obama has been a fascinating read and a real Christmas Holiday treat.  It was like sitting down and having a clear and candid talk with a new acquaintance. This was a monumental task as Michelle Obama covered many details of her journey over a large span of time.  Every small step that she took prepared her for her ascent up the ladder to becoming our nation’s first African-American First Lady.  She and her husband, the former President Barack Obama, have made never-to-be-forgotten history that brought many smiles and much pride to so many!
 I purchased Becoming because I enjoy reading the personal accounts of First Ladies. There were interesting passages in the book but for the most part I felt Michelle was at the right place at the right time and that her life didn't seem to have much focus until she met her husband. She didn't enjoy being an attorney. She admits that she was box checking throughout much of her life. Michelle Obama ended up marrying someone on a distinctive path and it was nice reading about her courtship with Barack Obama etc. But I wasn't bowled over. The last couple of chapters were rather repetitive and she really didn't experience the racism and hardships that many people of color experience. I felt as a woman of color that Michelle was mostly lucky and that's great but as a person I don't find her humble. I find her to be a woman wrapped in good fortune and somehow the book was only ok.
 I felt like Ms. Obama held back in so many ways...her voice, stories, insider scoop, racism experiences, sexism experiences...everything. Perhaps she feels/felt the need to protect her husband's legacy -- to appear perfect yet again (a pressure she talks about in the book). But it makes the memoir feel artificial. Also, for someone who comes across as an intellectual, this narrative was far from deep. I've been impressed by her in the past, so I was surprised by the lack of gravitas to her memoir. Sadly, I cannot recommend this book.
 I found NOTHING I could say negative about this book. She is an excellent writer. It's a truly inspirational book. She finds good in almost every person and situation (even if it's a bad situation, you can learn from it). Her positive attitude came from loving, giving, hard-working parents who were determined their children should have every chance for success they could give them. There were so many events her stubborn spirit helped her overcome. She is the kind of person I want for a friend. It's a superb book for anyone, and especially those with a love of U. S. history.
 I have to premise my remarks with the fact that I love the Obama's and am a great supporter. But I was a very leery of reading BECOMING because I had seen so many interviews of her that I assumed that she had already told her story.  But she has not.  The book is an amazing story that young women of any race can identify with.<br/><br/>It's sad the sarcastic people who gave the book a one star.  If they didn't like it give a legitimate reason. They are just haters!<br/><br/>BECOMING gives a powerful insight into the role of the first lady and their life in the bubble, as she describes it. She was and is fiercely protective of her girls and that comes through as a major them.  She pulls the covers off her relationship with Barack and shows that they are a normal couple with their ups and downs.<br/><br/>A great read!
 Very interesting look into her (their) lives.  I learned a lot from her perspective about growing up black and the struggles she had, ones that we all have, with supporting the ones we love and also trying to be true to ourselves.  I love the bond that she and Barack share and the immense love they have for their daughters and the thought and care that went into all her decisions about them.  Her story is all of our stories about facing the ups and downs of life.  I found it very interesting to read about life in the White House.  I am not quite finished with the book but have really enjoyed it all.  I have always been impressed by them and am even more so now.  Life is not perfect and people are not perfect, but some just come closer than others, and they are one of them.
 This real to life story pulled me right into the moments experienced by Michelle Obama! From her loving humble beginnings she was clearly destined to be what she became - America's 1st Lady! Life is not without challenges and she navigated them all. Her story will continually make an immense difference in countless lives. Love it!
 I truly did not know what to expect when I began reading this book. Michelle Obama gives an honest, humble, and warm picture of her life with it's struggles and well-deserved privileges. She allows us to share in her personal growth, relating her insecurities while showing her strengths, yet never bragging about her accomplishments, whether personal or more global. As the daughter of a 17-year member of the U.S. House of Representatives, I also enjoyed reading about Mrs. Obama 's giving such importance to her role as a mother, even as she supported her husband and served her communities, both locally and world-wide. It is refreshing to read about a woman and her family who put character above ego or fame.To top this off, Mrs. Obama is an excellent author, giving us an extremely interesting, well-written book.
 Michelle Obama’s book, besides being remarkably open and honest, is well written, humorous at times, and touches repeatedly on our common existence with a tremendous sense of “soul.”  In spite of being a detailed and ordered individual, her most important trait is that she fully realizes, and effectively explains, that a life well lived is nothing more than a process of continually moving towards the light and becoming.  I wish every American would read this wonderful work with an open mind and warm heart.  Thank you, Michelle, for your encouraging and most graceful enlightenment!
 I savored every line! I purchased the download and realized instantly that I wanted the hard copy for my library, so I purchased the hard copy. And then I wanted to share it as a gift so I purchased 2 more. A short while later I was visiting Chicago and everyone, MALE and Female, were talking about it. And I've supplemented and reinforced my reading with every PBS exerpt. What is so captivating is the fact that she is honest, funny, self aware and still working on HERSELF with the realization that as good, GREAT, as life had been she cannot rest on her laurels. And her role of mother and wife are serious, intrinsic, commitments for life. And as she is referenced by many as OUR FOREVER FIRST LADY, the mantle she has picked up for girls, all over the world, will surely be a lasting epitaph.
 Michelle Obama’s memoir chronicles her first recollections growing up on the Southside of Chicago through Barak’s second term as President.<br/><br/>She describes her hard but optimistic upbringing: her tight knit and very supportive extended family, including her very resilient father who had MS, her vigilant mother who expertly balanced encouragement with high expectations and her charismatic and caring older brother, Craig.<br/><br/>Michelle expresses her gratefulness and indeed sees the educational opportunities she is given to go to a great high school, to Princeton and on to Harvard Law School as a key to her life’s success. A gift that allowed her, a minority, to find her place at the table. A gift that allows her voice to be heard amongst those who hold the power.<br/><br/>She describes the “gradual shock” of overcoming her “checklist” mentality, campaigning for her husband, then recounts in detail her time as First Lady.  She (and Barak’s), determination to provide other minorities, especially girls, the same opportunities she was afforded is apparent.<br/><br/>Michelle links her experiences growing up with the challenging events of campaigning and  beyond. She appropriately views her experiences as lessons that are perfect preparation for her roles as mother, wife and First Lady..<br/><br/>We see Michelle navigate the double standard of expectations between men and  women leaders. She learns to expertly use the seeming unfair attention given to women's fashion, for example, as a means of promoting her causes: better treatment for military families, childhood obesity and educational opportunities for women.<br/><br/>Michelle does an excellent job: describing her passionate desire for her daughters to develop into women without the the burdens of their father’s political passions. Michelle shares the pain of the media’s unfair desire to turn events into salacious news, the isolation one feels in the white house, and the damage the political divisions in our country are causing.<br/><br/>In seeing the underprivileged not being heard as a plight to be overcome, Michelle fails to  address the need ALL humans to have their voices heard. NO ONE sees themselves as part of a privileged class who automatically has their voice heard. ABSOLUTELY, EVERYONE sees themselves as fighting an uphill battle, desperately trying to be heard. I cringed at the events set in motion when her husband roasted Donald Trump at the Press Club dinner - effectively muting Donald’s voice.  That misogynistic white man felt the need to be heard just as much as a woman of color. Indeed the, “Trump/Right response”, if you can call it that, is simply a reaction. A “dammit, I need to be heard, too!”  While there is NO excuse for putting Mexicans or any other minority down, in order to be heard; the need to be heard is universal.
 There aren't enough stars to say how amazing this book truly is. It's fabulous.<br/><br/>Every minute I spent reading Michelle Obama's thoughtful, hopeful, and powerful words took me back to the positive mindset of "yes, we can."  She may have single-handedly saved my sanity.  It was good for my soul to be reminded that there are decent, hard-working people who do their best to serve our country...that there are people who actually care, and not just those there to enrich and empower themselves.<br/><br/>The book covers the entirety of Michelle (Robinson) Obama's life, from her childhood through the hand-off to the current occupant of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. So often I was reminded, on a personal level, how we are alike, despite our skin color which many would see first, despite me being raised in a small town and her in a big city, despite our journey's being very different. Often during her telling, the author would meet someone, hear their story, and be reminded of something in her own past. That people are more alike than different, was a recurring theme but not pushed on the reader, just shared as a matter of her observations. Making personal connections is clearly Michelle's super power.<br/><br/>The details are richly woven into this story of a down-to-earth, hard-working woman. Michelle Obama is an achiever, supported fervently by her parents and, later, reluctantly thrust into the spotlight because of Barack's big heart. She is determined to do as much good as possible while there. I found some of the specifics intriguing, such as the presidential motorcade carries pints of blood in the president's blood type, the presidential family buys their own food (although all of it is cooked for them), etc. I admire that Michelle Obama kept the narrative of the book about her, not straying into a biography of her husband. I did gain even more respect for the intelligence, strength and class displayed by President Obama, but I appreciated hearing her thoughts, from her experience.<br/><br/>Overall, I loved this portrait of the eloquent, strong, caring woman that we knew as First Lady. Her efforts were always to unite and raise up those that needed a hand. She did a lot of work with military families and injured soldiers. Perhaps what impressed me most is that, even after all the horrible things that were said about her and Barack, she did not use her story to bad-mouth anyone. She is an example of class and intellect that is as rare as a unicorn in today's Washington, D.C.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this terrific memoir.  I loved it so much I bought it for my mother.  She doesn't usually read memoirs but is enjoying this one.
 I'm always somewhat stumped if I ever hear someone say anything negative about this woman.  In her own words, she can take you past the "popular news outlets" views and lead you into who she really is as a human being.<br/>I think if people get past their political views and appreciate the woman for who she is and what she stands for in life, it's hard to refute her good intentions.<br/>This was an excellent read and certainly cemented what I have always thought about Michelle.  She is one very smart, kind, compassionate and loving person who wants to make the world "as it should be".
 We start out in the South Side of Chicago where Michelle Robinson lived  in a low to middle class racially diverse neighborhood. Michelle in her early years living on the second floor  of her aunt and uncle’s home. Her older brother Craig was 2 years older shared a divided bedroom. Her high school was named Bryn Mawr’ is that not a suburb  of Philadelphia ? From High School Michelle went to college at Princeton same as her brother 2 years earlier. Michelle and Barack warmed up to each other one summer in Chicago with  kiss after ice cream cones. Around this point Michelle quotes something Barack use to say to his audience in community organizer Do we settle for the world as it is, or do we work for the world as it should be?” The memories from campaigning in Iowa leading up to the Iowa Caucuses were both fun and exhausting  to read about the amount of time and traveling needed to do those Iowa Caucuses. There is a few pages devoted to the time the Conservative media chopped up one of her stump speeches on the campaign trail and edited into the not infamous “For the first time in my life I’m proud to be a American”  The same was done to the pastor of there Chicago Hometown Church The Reverent Jeremiah Right editing his speeches and taking out of content his racial remarks about whites and blacks in America.  The section in the book about making it to The White House I learned something I never knew that The White House consist of 132 Rooms 35 Bathrooms 28 Fireplaces across 6 floors. She tells of a one time petting zoo brought to The White House  for the girls  where one of the animals lurched for Malia the secret service shot a tranquilizer dirt that hit Sasha in the arm. But it turned out to be a dream. It was frightening reading that part. The final portion of the book talks about the transition from the Obama to the Trump Administrations.  I don’t wish to comment on that as it is very difficult to read. It’s a great read so you should read it. Just keep in mind at it is 424 pages long (Kindle Version)
 Review of Obama’s "Becoming" by Paul F. Ross<br/><br/> Michelle Obama describes, in three parts, becoming me, becoming us, and becoming more.  The “me” part describes her emergence as Michelle Robinson from her family roots in their home in south Chicago through undergraduate days at Princeton University with her brother Craig, graduation from Harvard Law School, and work as a lawyer in a corporate law firm in Chicago.  The “us” part describes meeting Barack Obama, falling in love, their<br/>____________________________________________________________________________________________<br/>Obama, Michelle  "Becoming"  2018, Crown, New York NY, xiii + 428 pages<br/>____________________________________________________________________________________________<br/>shared individual needs to do things of more importance than corporate law, and each finding new jobs including Barack’s turn to being a state legislator and then US Senator from Illinois.  Michelle became vice president for community relations for the hospital at the University of Chicago.  The “more” part describes Michelle’s perceptions and role as wife to state legislator, US senator, presidential candidate and then US First Lady through two terms of Barack Obama’s presidency.  Michelle’s role as mom to two daughters and the couples’ roles as parents are key parts of the story.  Becoming is the story of Michelle’s world as seen by Michelle.  In her Acknowledgements she points to the editorial support of Crown and Random House, naming individuals, but we have no direct indication of the degree to which the words on the page are Michelle’s words or, instead, expressions shaped by editors.  It is well written.  The work is clearly in Michelle’s voice.<br/><br/> Appropriately, the book is being purchased widely.  Read and enjoy.<br/><br/>Bellevue, Washington<br/>21 January 2019<br/><br/>Copyright © 2019 by Paul F. Ross  All rights reserved.<br/><br/>References<br/><br/>Obama, Michelle  "Becoming"  2018, Crown, New York NY
 Worse book I've read or bought in awhile save your money folks not worh it.
 A detailed narrative of Michelle Obama's life story, written and narrated by her. Truly riveting. A must read for all women, everywhere.
 This book is soooo well written with compassion and passion. This is a wonderful story told with style and verve. You will hang on her every word describing the parenting she got from her mother, especially, and her father. You learn how she balanced professional life and parenting and helped her husband's campaign by learning how to change her style but maintain her identity.<br/><br/>The story is told with frankness and intimate details. I was moved to tears as her experiences modeled my own and as they departed radically from them giving me new perspectives on what it is like to grow up as she did and then soar to the heights of fame and notoriety as she brilliantly filled her role as First Lady.<br/><br/>If you want to experience a life well-lived this is a book for you.
 I see there are quite mixed responses to this book, not surprising given the age of extreme political polarization in which we find ourselves. Generally I don’t enjoy memoirs as much as well researched biographies, and I generally prefer some time to pass before I engage with any public figures, period. So I’m going to reserve my opinion on where Michelle and Barack Obama will reside in the pantheon of American political figures until a suitable leavening period has passed. But what I did find fascinating and immensely appealing about this book is Mrs. Obama’s willingness to share her early life experiences and her intimate feelings about them so openly with her readers. This isn’t my first “Memoir Rodeo”, and after a while it becomes fairly simple to detect when an author is “shading”, “positioning” or “selectively editing”. While I would say that her book is not without those characteristics from time to time, and does step on the editorializing podium occasionally, taken as a whole it has the ring of honest and sometimes painful truth. Her recounted reactions to her life experiences as she starts out into the world - joy, sadness, exultant celebration, confusion, anger, pride and everything in between - are, of course, on one level, simply those of a very talented and successful young woman. But of far more interest to the reader who sees the world with very different eyes from a person of color coming of age in the late 20th century are the deeper feelings she shares, often with a raw honesty we don’t expect from someone who was trained by her life experience to keep those feelings very tightly under control. It’s  very much as though we have simply met a friend for coffee and are both in the mood to open up and share some things we don’t normally talk about, one of those intimate moments friends occasionally have with each other that becomes a permanent part of their friendship forever. It’s unusual in this age of fast moving, instant information and abbreviated emoticons to find such open introspection in a public figure. It’s refreshing, fascinating, humbling and disquieting all at the same time to have been invited for coffee with Mrs. Obama. She is a remarkable woman sharing her thoughts with us about a remarkable period in America.
 In Becoming, First Lady Michelle Obama, not only gives us a detailed look into the night of the November 4th, 2008 Presidential election, but she steps back in time after the introduction and gives us layers of her personal life from childhood to puberty and from puberty to adulthood. We walk the blocks of Euclid Avenue on the Southside of Chicago. We meet her parents Marian and Fraser Robinson, and her elder brother Craig, as well as extended family members, like her Uncle “Southside,” who introduces Michelle to jazz and Motown artists such as, Stevie Wonder. We would return to Michelle’s small house that was shared with her great Aunt who taught her piano. We would feel Michelle’s angsts from her first piano recital to her big decision to fight to get into Princeton.<br/><br/>Early on, we could tell that the young Michelle Robinson, who was filled with curious questions, would grow up to be an intelligent and independent woman. Without question, you could foresee her breaking White House traditions as First Lady, not disrespectfully, but in a way that awakened a new dawn and era.<br/><br/>Socially, it seems Michelle chose her friends and boyfriends as wisely as she chose her career. She never lowered her standards. Her every move seemed calculated and driven by a checklist until she met Barack Obama. Obama was a man who helped Michelle to relax her shoulders, have some ice cream, and breathe and appreciate the spontaneity of life. He also helped her to find her true passion in order to discover genuine happiness.<br/><br/>In this book, Michelle lays out a plate of honesty that spills over human imperfections that we all contend with on the day-to-day basis. She didn't hide her flaws or pretend to be someone she is not. Thus, my favorite quote is:  “Barack and I told our stories and shared our stories because too often people focus on stats. Stats do not tell us who people are.” It is therefore not surprising that Michelle and Barack Obama won the 2018 Most Admired People, despite not being in office anymore. People feel connected to public figures who are honest, compassionate, forgiving, and sincere.<br/><br/>I hope that whatever Michelle Obama continues to "become," that it will be for the good will and purpose of living a fulfilled life that satisfies her soul and helps others.
 I feel so enlightened, humbled and inspired by the Michelle Obama’s personal account of her life.  I’ve always had such great admiration for her based on the limited perspective I had from her time in the public spotlight.  However this book opened up another layer of understanding about her motivations, challenges, insecurities and experiences.  I hope to draw on the lessons in this book and carry forward with the optimism presented in this account...working for the world as it should be...
 Mind nurturing and soul stirring writing. Filled with powerful introspection moments, lush sensory language highlighting a beautiful childhood and behind the scenes stories about being in the White House.  The central theme of progress and owning one's voice filled me with a sense of pride.  Just wow. This book is a conversational piece.
 I am maybe halfway through "Becoming" and can't put it down.  I'm not a big reader of biographies, but this one is very special.  Ms. Obama is an amazing, compassionate and highly intelligent woman.  Among many other things, she explains in a very relatable and inoffensive way what it is like be a black American.  I thought I understood before but now I really do.  How this country could have gone from Barack Obama in the WH to Trump is even more mind boggling and upsetting after reading this book.
 Reading this book is like spending time with the charming and intelligent Michelle Obama. The best parts of the book are about her upbringing and then her search for balance as a working mother and then wife of a candidate and President. The Michelle view of the campaign is compelling. Throughout, the spark between Barack Obama and Michelle Obama is evident , as is the work that any relationship takes.<br/><br/>The least engaging part was  the list of accomplishments toward the end of the book. That said, the book is very optimistic and supportive of individual development for everyone. Flexibility, hard work and "To thine own self be true" are themes of the book. One decision leads to another and to paths unknown. and  I look forward to seeing how the Obamas continue on their paths, and hope that they stay in our national life.
 I really enjoyed the book Becoming.  You can almost hear Michelle in the background, telling her story.  She shared her innermost feelings with her readers....doubt, apprehension, joy, determination, grit.  Just everything.  Her memories were expressed so clearly that I could feel the atmosphere that she grew up in. Jazz, her aunt, grandfather, her mother, friends that she grew up with.  She captured the pain and despair in her life as well as the struggles and accomplishments.  Words just leaped off the page.  Worth the read, definitely!
 Putting party politics aside, I loved this book for what it was - a well-written, touching biography about a girl from the south side of Chicago who makes her way to the Ivy Leagues, leaves behind a soul sucking corporate law gig to follow her true passion (helping and mentoring others), a love story and ultimate growth into a working mother, formidable woman and respected mentor to many.<br/><br/>I found inspiration from Michelle Obama's story and was impressed with her witty writing and candor.  Sounds a bit cliche, but reading this book felt like sitting down and talking with a friend.  As a working mom with small-ish children, I appreciated her transparency when talking about her struggles with trying to find some sort of balance which probably felt a little lopsided due to her husband's political career.  I am certainly not married to a senator or POTUS, but feeling like I am performing a balancing act between trying to be a good (heck, I'll even settle for marginal at this point) parent while balancing everyday life demands resonated with me.<br/><br/>Michelle puts on no airs and it seemed to me that she really wrote from her heart.  I appreciated her truth, candor, and humor.  The fact that a former First Lady, career woman and mother who wants the best for her kids shares some of the same trials and triumphs that I do in my little piece of the world and is able to express it much better than I can, reminded me that we aren't alone, and that whatever one's political beliefs, at the end of the day, we all likely share common ground when it comes to wanting the best for our families and loved ones.
 Becoming<br/><br/>Michelle Obama<br/><br/>Random House, Nov 2018<br/><br/>429 pages, Kindle, Hardcover, Paperback, Audio book, Audio CD<br/><br/>Memoirs/Bios, Women’s Lit, History, Ethnic/Cultural<br/><br/>✮✮✮✮✮<br/><br/>Purchased<br/><br/>The cover is perfect with its large, captivating close-up of the former First Lady, Michelle Obama, who is the author and subject of this book. It shows her smiling, as I always think of her, but with her hand on her cheek and her arm across the front of her body as if in protection. Perhaps after all the nation put her through, she learned to protect herself and her family, but she still maintains her sense of fun and humor through it all.<br/><br/>The story is of her life from the time she was a young girl growing up on the Southside of Chicago as part of a poor black family. She knew they were poor, but it didn’t seem to be the defining  sense in her young life. A sense of family, love, and the ability to be and do whatever she wanted was more the rule. And Michelle liked rules and guidelines. They gave her a path to follow, and follow she did. All the way through school and into college and law school, Princeton and Harvard Law School. She strived to follow the rules, and the rules said to succeed, so she did. All the way to a top law firm where she was successful, too.<br/><br/>Then along came a different sort of success story. A young black lawyer who didn’t seem to follow the rules, but who seemed to be seen as super desirable by all the law firms, including hers. She was his mentor for awhile as he tried out the firm. Then he shocked her when he suggested that they go out together as a couple. The rest, as they say, is history. Barack and Michelle became.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama shares the story of her relationship with Barack, her parents and friends and then their two daughters, Malia and Sasha, as if we were sitting in her living room drinking lemonade with her on a hot summer day. She shares painful memories and happy memories. She shares the highs and the lows of the journey from successful lawyer to former First Lady. From first date to last looks at the White House and saying goodbye to the staff. She shares it all in a very open way. There is no finger pointing here, just memories of things that took place and the feelings that went with them. A husband in the oval office and the sense of isolation that went with living in the White House…not being able to open windows or got out on the lawn for fear of security breaches. Trying to raise two daughters as normally as possible and still satisfy the security services people without scaring the people around the girls at school. Slipping out with Bo and going to Petsmart to buy him a dog toy without security. The many trials and tribulations, successes and satisfactions that came with the efforts and events planned and carried out during the Obama years. The many friends she made that remained close, life-long friends.<br/><br/>No matter your political position, this woman’s story is fascinating and thoroughly enjoyable. I highly recommend it to everyone who enjoys reading about people, especially women, strong women and how they make their way in life. Tears, smiles, and high fives, this is a great book for anyone!
 EVERY BAD REVIEW IS A NON-VERIFIED PURCHASE. Which is...deplorable.<br/>Enough said, as it speaks for itself.<br/>This autobiography of Michelle Obama is long, and sometimes tends to focus on minutia, but such is the case with most books of this nature.<br/>As someone that lived in Chicago around the same time as when she was growing up, I found the descriptions of her childhood environment fun to read.<br/>Interesting how from an early age she she had the philosophy of 'when they go low, we go high'... despite racism and a high school counselor discouraging her from applying to Princeton.<br/>Outlining her tenure as First Lady,she tells it as it was, never stooping to name-calling or whining. Certainly a First Lady a country can be proud of.<br/>And is.
 This book is fantastic regardless of political views. Michelle is a true inspiration to all women regardless of age,  color, or race.<br/>It really bothers me that those that gave it a bad rating, had nothing better to do with their time and intentionally tried to sabotage the ratings of this great book. Shows how much hate is lingering in their hearts which has nothing to do with this book.<br/>I highly recommend.  It lets us in the life of a first lady, who is highly educated and classy, yet still encountered racism while supporting her husband.  Despite all this,  they still remained professional.  It's funny and well written.  Everything that you expect from a brilliant woman like Michelle.
 I so enjoyed this peek into Mrs. Obama’s life story. I’m so glad she did the narration herself. I have always appreciated how down to earth she is and the book shows how she became that way. I recommend this book to anyone. My only disappointment was that it ended too soon-I could listen to her for hours!
 This is not a political book. Becoming is an uplifting story about believing in yourself and in others, investing in yourself and in others.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama talks about her not so privileged childhood and her journey to the White House. As I (binge) read the book, I could relate to her as a girl growing up in similar circumstances — as a professional seeking fulfillment, as a wife, as a mother wanting the best for her child, as a giver, as a minority, and as an evolving human being wanting to become wiser.<br/><br/>I loved many things about this book, her voice, her wisdom, her story, but what I liked most was that I could see myself in her story and I think that was a key message she was trying to convey - if I can do it so can you, believe in yourself. As she says several times in the book: Am I good enough? Yes I am.
 In my opinion, the restraint Ms Obama used writing this intelligent, engaging book is evident from the first page. She shares her life story, so far, from her own perspective. I admire her resistance to tell her husband's story, other than in the context of their personal relationship. Honestly, I'm unsure how she managed this - but she does. This woman's success as her own person allows any and every woman to benefit from her encouraging inner voice and supportive words to any and everyone who struggles with what society may assume about them because of their gender, the color of their skin or where they were raised. As a white woman from an upper-middle class upbringing, I found myself frequently wondering, even daydreaming about what it would have been like to have the kind of truly wonderful, dedicated parents and their extended family that Michelle had and has. A telling line from the book, as stated by her parents raising Michelle and her brother, "... we aren't raising children, we're raising adults".  That sentence alone was worth the price of this book. Makes you ponder what our overall society might look like today if most parents were that wise and applied that wisdom, and the consistent, hard work involved behind it, while raising their children. Make no mistake about it - this is also a love story. Not pie-in-the-sky, magical thinking. These two people deeply love and respect each other. What's important to note, they clearly loved and respected themselves long before they met.
 Great book.  I wish I had known more about the things Mrs. Obama was doing while she was First Lady.  The vegetable garden and anti-obesity campaign were well-publicized, but I hadn't known about many of her other projects.  If she had let us know the real Michelle Obama earlier, I feel that she would have had more support.
 More liberal garbage. Wish I was able to skip to the head of the line too.
 I thoroughly enjoyed Michelle Obama's recounting of her life and especially her husband's run for the presidency, since I followed it so closely! She overcame a lot, including the jibes and nastiness of the opposition party during the campaign and during their White House years. Through it all, she remained a person I could relate to. Many times while reading, I did get the feeling that she was just like me or like any mother with children, a job, a home, and a husband with a demanding job as president! In the public eye, and being constantly judged for her clothes, her causes, and even her physical appearance, she kept her perspective at all times. Maybe we came from different places and different times, she and I, but we faced the same challenges just the same. Thanks, Michelle Obama, for sharing. Please share the next phase of your life with us, too!
 So extremely well written.  This isn't a political book.  It's about a wife, mother, daughter, with insights into the process of running for election &amp; living in the snow globe of the White House.  So many lovely stories about her life before &amp; after Barack.  It's real.  It's honest.  It's beautiful.
 I found her childhood to be the most engaging part of the book. Reading the first few chapters I couldn't put the book down but as it transitioned into the politics it got dry and it honestly felt like she didn't want to talk about it. Like she wasn't interested. She also harps about being a mother. It's repetitious and dull and in my opinion could have been left out. Like most books it could have been shorter. I do like how she talks up about everyone around her and does not try to say she or her husband are better than anyone. I like her honesty and bluntness. She made me laugh and cry. I understood her and allowed among easily. I did learn a bunch if things I didnt know and for that truly enjoyed the read.
 I am so grateful for all that Michelle and Mr. Obama gave to all of us in the years they led the country and their other constituencies. This book so eloquently illustrates how love can create wonderful people who know how to love and give it back ten times over.<br/><br/>I pray our country can find love again, sooner than later.<br/><br/>Best wishes to you Michelle and to your loving family.
 Marvelously readable. Fully human throughout. Strongly inspirational. A valuable personal story that can connect each of us to our own stories and to each other’s.
 I really enjoyed this book and I could relate to Michelle in many ways.  I appreciated her perspective on growing up black in the United States.  It was also interesting getting Michelle's take on stuff that was going on in the news fairly recently.  I think she handled the Trump fiasco very well and didn't waste much time talking about what the majority of American's already know.  Although the book finishes at the time of Trump moving into the White House, she still manages to end on a positive note.
 I was hearing and seeing all over social media that Michelle Obama came out with a memoir and I knew immediately that I wanted to read it. I borrowed it from my school library and then begun. When I was reading this book it was winter break I was so dedicated that in one full day of reading this book I completed it. All the words flowed so nicely together. Every single page was written beautifully. I couldn’t put the book down. Page after page the book just kept getting better. Michelle mentioned her upbringing, what it was like being first lady, and much more. Whenever she described those moments, you felt as if you were in her shoes. I particularly love the way she described learning how to play the piano. Overall, her writing is phenomenal and I would definitely recommend this book to any one of any age.
 I am a lover and serous reader of history especially biographies.  Thru the ages this is one of the very best. The style, humor and most of all her voice makes this an enjoyable can't put down read. The saddest part of all for our country was reading about all the accomplishments the 44th Presidency accomplished being dismantled and ended (Paris agreement, climate change, school lunch programs, etc.) by the bully who succeeded him.  Thank you, Michelle for a superb book.
 This book is a beautiful memoir of Michelle Obama's life up through leaving the White House.  I'm impressed with her clarity and the depth of her sharing.  I am very fortunate to have a kindle fire with speakers, and was able to purchase the audio version of this book.  To hear Michelle Obama telling me her story, expressing her feelings about the events of her amazing life was absolute bliss (for me).  I had often wondered how this admirable woman had become the confident, informed, classy First Lady I regarded with deep respect as I watched clips of her on television.  I now feel I know her better and have a richer understanding of her discipline, her intelligence, her lower moments and her higher peaks.
 A must read.....what a stunning, intelligent, dignified, and accomplished woman whose humility and gratitude shines through every page. Also a great read; engaging and illuminating. I feel like I know Michelle as if we had gone through life together and remained good friends. A role model for all women and a gift to our country.
 Michelle is such a wonderful writer! She put her whole heart into this book after having out her wonderful heart into her life as Barack's partner!
 Michelle  Obama  says almost exactly what I have tried to  live and be in my life although  we are  ourselves.  While I am  20 years older and grew up on a farm in Northern  Illinois my spirit holds great hope that the youth coming  behind us will have a better  understanding and  chance for resilience  and love of humanity that unfolds in these pages. BRAVO Michelle
 Mrs. Obama tells us a lot about her early life. Her extended family was very close knit  and her parents, while solidly lower middle-class, encouraged her and her brother - both very bright kids -  to strive for more, especially in their education. We learn how Michelle, through volunteering in community programs, met many people who mentored her and became personal lifetime friends.  She gives us an insides peek at her courtship with Barak, their early years together (pre-kids), and the family's life inside the White House.  She was a great First Lady whose main goal was fostering programs to teach America's youth healthy eating habits and to provide opportunities to underprivileged children.
 Michelle Obama takes us on an introspective journey thru her quiet, curious world in her early days to the confident woman serving our nation as a respected First Lady. Had no idea how deeply she questioned her ability to conquer anything in her world, but she stubbornly stepped forward. She learned to play the piano in South Side Chicago and adeptly handled school counselors who questioned her courses and college choices. She became a lawyer because, well, why not (as she wrote)? She met and married her best friend and joined him in expertly leading people at the local, state and national level (even tho she did not like the political realm). She set goals and stridently met, then exceeded them. Their two girls were always first on her list—always. What a woman to admire!
 She's a human being with delightful quirks and humbling flaws, brilliant thoughts and brave actions, times of joy and laughter, and times of pain and excruciating sadness.<br/><br/>The book didn't call to me at first--just another autobiography of a celebrity.  Then in February, 2019,  I saw a  Henry Louis Gates documentary in which tears rolled down Jesse Jackson's cheeks as he heard the news that Barak Obama was our next president, and I cried with him, just as I had cried when I myself had heard the wonderful news in 2008.  After the program I downloaded "Becoming," if for no other reason than to remind myself of the time when a great family once occupied the White House.<br/><br/>I was pleasantly surprised that it was an exciting page-turner as well.
 Honesty, flowing prose, love, hope, knowledge, insight, and joy.  All much needed today and greatly appreciated by this 80 year old white woman.
 This helped keep me sane during some of the ridiculousness of 45's administration and reminded me of why I became politically active in the first place.  It was interesting to read about Michelle's early life and think about the parallels and differences between hers and mine (we're nearly the same age).  This was just a well-written, inspiring story about a real woman; one who has done a lot with just a little and still remains humble and  true to herself.  As I said, I thoroughly enjoyed reading this and felt as if she and I were just having a conversation, sitting on the sofa, drinking coffee (or tea... or wine).  Yes.  It's just like that; like having a conversation with a friend.  Loved it.
 A gem of a human being, not just an exceptional First Lady, as made evident not only through her stellar example during her husband's presidency, but the pages of this book.
 This was an amazing book for me to read. I was looking forward already since I really think Michelle Obama is inspiring. Reading this was beautiful. Open, direct and vulnerable inviting us to look into her life was really enjoyable and very inspiring. I can only recommend it to everyone.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read.  Hated for it to end.  Her writing style made this hard to put down and I enjoyed it so much.  I couldn't wait for Michelle to write about herself, her years in school, college, working and the 8 years in the White House.  I always said, when they are no longer in the White House, I wanted the backstory of what it was like for the first people of color to be President and First Lady.  Their girls are adorable and have grown into such beautiful young women.  Not a single step out of line for any of them, and people were cruel during his run for president and still Michelle and Barack were able to raise such confident, smart young people.  I almost felt that the day they left office was the first time in 8 years that they could exhale.  I miss them, each and every one of them everyday.  I believe most of the country misses them and live in fear as to what will happen to this beautiful country.  Can we ever go back???  How much damage will the Republicans allow to happen to this experiment in democracy just to not have to stand up to this dangerous person.  Will they ever put country before party.  I doubt it.  Highly recommend this book.  If you can't afford to buy it, steal it.  It's that good.
 Simply because she is African American, Michelle Robinson Obama was unlike anyone to ever preside over the White House as the president's spouse. Yet in many ways, she was better equipped than most to find ways to exert her influence over things she cared about—her daughters' well being, the fitness of the nation's children and the well-being of families connected to the military. My favorite part of this book was about her girlhood on Chicago's South Side, her family with its strong ties and high standards, her time in a select public high school, which led to undergraduate studies at Princeton and Harvard Law School. There's also a wonderful section about her courtship and marriage to Barack Obama. It's all told with a grace that made this reader sympathetic to her journey without sharing too much trivial information.<br/><br/>Since I'm a woman close to her mother's age,  I was also inspired by Michelle's mother, Marian, who helped her husband , Fraser, through years of the hardship of multiple sclerosis until his death and continues to support her daughter and her family while remaining seemingly unchanged by the privilege of being part of the First Family.<br/><br/>I can think of so many people who would find this book a joy.
 Five 5-STAR Rated. Well-written book, historic, dynamic look from a First LADY who is well-educated, intelligent, poised and certainly confident.  Having been reared in a blue-collared  working family that stressed the importance of preparing yourself for the present time as well as future Times.  Compelling, hard to put down book, easily relateable  to honest, law-abiding citizens we everywhere.  Highly recommend for GIRLS of all ages.
 I don't usually read "biographies" but I am glad I read this one. It provides great insights on both the "dirty" politics, the still existing racial bias/stereotyping and the struggle of "becoming" something other than what society "dictates".<br/>Poignant descriptions of family members, neighborhoods, schools, and the happenings that shaped the first family provide a clear understanding of the "character",  conflicts, and challenges the Obama's faced as young people, through their marriage, all the way through the end of their service as First Family.  It is cleverly written, entertaining, enthralling and poignant all at the same time. I could not put it down and highly recommend it.
 This was my favorite book of 2019. I learned so much about Michelle Obama and the Obama administration. It was amazing to learn about her childhood and what brought her to where she is today. She is so inspiring and makes me hopeful for what this country can be if we can get back to being kind and descent to one another and not worrying about race, gender or party lines. I give this book 5 stars and think everyone should read it and take it's message to heart.
 This is a very intimate and interesting biography that is highly focused upon family and the drive that it takes to educate oneself and to prove that you can do so and honor your family at the same time. Those of you who are looking for Washington insider "dirt" or innuendo will be bored by this autobiography. This book has a distinct focus on family and hard work, as well as self-doubts, insecurity, and self-judgement. It is slowly paced and the actual "White House" experience is a very small part of the book. I previously knew very little about Mrs. Obama's family (other than her husband and children, obviously) and her upbringing. So, this book was super informative for me. Just try not to admire her parents and brother! I found her drive to be admirable, as well as her self-doubts and questioning in the harsh glare of the media for a job that she did not want but, grew into. Her first meeting with the former president is both interesting and (rather) hilarious. She's a tough cookie. All in all, I liked her when she was the First Lady and I admire her even more with this book. Unabashed, confident, yet, self-questioning and driven. Why should women be criticized for these traits? Men aren't.  Be patient, it's a good read.
 WOW! This is one of the best books I’ve read. It touches on so much, from multiculturalism to multigenerationationalism to multi-areas within our vast country.  It does this in a gentle loving, caring and opening of barriers manner that could be used as a text book for a very crucial course needed in America today.  That Course would be titled “Brotherhood To Brotherhood From<br/>  Sea To Shining Sea”<br/>We definitely need a nation-wide course to get our Country back into a leadership, respected position,where we can set an example to the world of how a nation of immigrants got together and formed a pretty good nation and became a big brotherhood and we are now showing by this book and electing Barrack Obama and our great new Congress a change is in sight. Thank you. Michelle for this remarkable treatise!<br/>By an 80 yr old Berkeley Grad
 “Becoming” by former First Lady, Michelle Obama is my book for the month of February.  It tells the story of a young black girl born and raised on the south side of Chicago, by struggling but hard working parents who gave her and her brother, Craig the gift of love, security and education. The parents spared no expense when it came to education so as to give Michelle and Craig leverages in life and open them to opportunities the parents never had.<br/><br/>Obama chronicled her experience growing up in a poor neighborhood, attending public schools where students were not expected to be Ivy-league bound, yet she persevered, worked hard and disregarded the negative remark of a guidance counselor who told her that she was not suited for Princeton University.<br/><br/>She ended up attending Princeton University for her undergraduate degree, then to Harvard Law School for her law degree. “Inspiration on its own was shallow; you had to back it up with hard work,” she writes.<br/><br/>While she was a junior associate at a prestigious law firm in Chicago, she was assigned to mentor a second year law student, who was interning at the firm that year. That intern was Barack Obama.  Their professional relationship, blossomed into friendship, then they fell in love and eventually got married, creating a formidable union of Ivy League educated intellectuals with shared values of hard work, altruism, self-respect, respect for others and the vision to make the world a better place.<br/><br/>“Becoming” reveals both the strength and vulnerabilities of Obama’s marriage, she recounts their inability to initially conceive and miscarriages they experienced , and their resort to in vitro fertilization (IVF) to create their two daughters. It tells of the couple’s marital issues brought on by the changing dynamics of parenting, professional life and politics  and the solution they found through marriage counseling.<br/><br/>“Becoming” gives insight into the marriage of the former first couple, the political rise of Barack Obama, the eight years of the historical presidency, the challenges and accomplishments.<br/><br/>“Becoming” is inspirational, it engenders faith to strive for more in spite of the negative factors.  In the writer’s own words, “becoming isn’t about arriving somewhere or achieving a certain aim. I see it instead as forward motion, a means of evolving, a way to reach continuously toward a better self. The journey doesn’t end...Becoming requires equal parts patience and rigor. Becoming is never giving up on the idea that there’s more growing to be done.”<br/><br/>This best seller is a must read with fluid writing style that arrests the reader from the first page to the last.
 I think I subconsciously read this book slowly because I didn’t want it to end. Now that it has, I miss her voice already. I appreciate the candid insight that Mrs. Obama provided regarding her childhood and her journey through adulthood. A part that really resonated with me was her description of the limited opportunities her family members were extended simply because of their race. This prompted me to examine my own ancestry from a different paradigm. I also appreciated her insightfulness in regards to her career and the challenges of juggling motherhood. Just knowing that she survived it and managed to have it all—even if it wasn’t exactly how she envisioned it happening—resonated with me. This is a book that will stay with me for the rest of my life.
 She tells her story in a way that feels real and truthful.  I admire the openness about her reluctance to be a part of of the political storm and why.  It felt like someone telling their story one on one.  It isn't hard to see why so many people love her.  There is a core honesty that comes through in this book about a special group of people who went to the Whitehouse and tried hard to make things better.<br/><br/>The most hopeful thing is that she believes others out in the world are still holding on to hope and moving toward light.  Sparks were lit during the Obama family's turn in office that will blossom in the future and bring us back from the lowest common denominator we see now.  It's good to know that the whole family is still out in the world working in different ways to help get to "when they go low, we go high".
 Michelle Obama pulls back the curtain on what it takes to make the most of being FLOTUS—a non-job/job that is a rare opportunity to make a difference in the world. I enjoyed the chapters about her childhood and education. She is a methodical, list-making, detail oriented, high-achiever married to a man of big ideas and ambitions. The book is an insightful, authentic, memoir that leaves the reader wondering what Michelle Obama will do next.
 There is an ache in my heart as I watch this country "un-becoming", as the programs that were set out to help people become brutally dismembered.<br/><br/>Reading the First Lady's biography has given me hope that some day we may be fortunate enough to again have a first couple who deeply care about civil rights, the environment, and our less fortunate citizens in need.
 I loved every word of this book. I feel I know Michelle enough to call her my friend. Her authenticity, her humanity, her humility, and her optimism lifted my heart.<br/><br/>I’m writing my second book about what I’ve learned and intending to inspire others to make their most audacious dreams come true.  This book was just the prescription I needed to raise my book to a new level of optimistic passion. We all have whatever we need to succeed, this I know.<br/><br/>Thank you, Michelle, for opening your heart and mind for all to see.
 Great
 I learned a lot, reading Michelle Obama's Becoming. I learned, first--being neither of these two myself--something about being a woman and being black. Ms. Obama--I can't bring myself to call her by her first name, which would feel presumptuous; nor by her last alone, which would feel cold--is unsparingly honest and deeply personal in exploring both these fundamental aspects of her life.<br/><br/>I learned, too, something about growing up in modest circumstances on the South Side of Chicago, at a time, to be sure, preceding the tragic, daily gun violence we hear about today, but a time when even middle class black status meant lesser educational opportunity and greater social insecurity. (Curiously--and I thought about this often as I read--I visited the South Side during her early teenage years as I worked on a research project into the life and work of the African American artist Charles White, who was brought up in that area in the 1920s). As Ms. Obama describes it in eloquent and compelling detail, it required the loving, often exacting support of a close family and community, as well as an abundance of grit and determination on her own part, to emerge from that circumstance as she did--an enormously self-confident, accomplished, and compassionate human being.<br/><br/>As for being a woman and being black, she is honest--though without self-pity--about the obstacles she had to face as she navigated her way through her undergraduate days at Princeton and later Harvard Law School, and landed a job at a prestigious Chicago law firm where she first met... well, you know who. The "becoming" in this part of her story is the transition from girl to woman, from the security of a protective African American community to a world where the privileges of white and male most often went unquestioned, where she confronted herself constantly with the question: Am I good enough? She invites us to accompany her through a daunting series of "firsts"--first woman to, first black woman to...--as she works through sometimes agonizing doubts and critical self-appraisal with unfailing and disarming honesty. We feel her inner struggle even as we admire her brilliant success.<br/><br/>As honest with herself as she is with her reader, Ms. Obama leads us through the early stages of a relationship and marriage which are extraordinary only because of the outsize character of its two protagonists. They experience the same illusions and disappointments as the rest of us, the same moments of shared bliss and the same nasty marital disputes. Together, like so many couples in America today, they struggle with their desire for children and the refusal of nature to collaborate without medical intervention. With the eventual joy of motherhood, she confronts the dilemma of so many women who are constrained to make the choice between family and professional prospects. With the growing realization of her husband's political aspirations, she has to find within herself the willingness to make huge sacrifices--career, privacy, family life--in order to accommodate the potential that she sees in him. We find her torn between personal happiness and supporting her husband in the fulfillment of his goals.<br/><br/>And finally, once this man has stepped, against all odds, into the highest office to which any politician could aspire, once he moves into the Oval Office and his family into the White House, she invites us to accompany her as she learns to become something else again, adjusting her first obligation as the mother of two growing girls to those of the--first black!--First Lady of the United States. Through her eyes, we catch riveting glimpses into what it means to live in the presidential bubble, surrounded constantly by men with guns and the eyes of the curious, and required to accept both adulation and vilification with equal grace.<br/><br/>"Becoming" is an eminently readable book by a wholly admirable woman. While its background is of necessity the grand canopy of world history, it remains an intensely personal account of a remarkable journey--a journey that starts in modest origins and ends, provisionally at least, at the peak of fame and power. She leaves the reader wishing her well, and confident that she still has much to contribute to the country that, no matter the personal sacrifice, she has served so well.
 I purchased this book because I assumed it was a forerunner to a presidential run.  When, near the end of the book, she adamantly denied any aspirations for political office, I was led to wonder why she “wrote” the autobiography other than a long polemic about the uphill climb of being black — since she has been an obvious success in a highly conventional manner, the constant lament about her struggle seemed uninspiring.  It was a long read just to find out in the end that it was intended to be apolitical.
 It felt like Michelle opened up and gave her real, unfiltered story. It was an easy read because of how well it was written and the respect I have for her as a leader.
 Hey, no matter where you are on the political spectrum. Put your politics to the side and get into the mind, heart and soul of one of the most dynamic First Ladies of our time. Read from the perspective of someone that really did not want to live in the bubble of the White House, or to be compartmentalized as not just an African American Women, but  be the target of professional political propagandist that love to tear into someone like her, where she is unique, outspoken and lives from the heart.<br/><br/>I myself tend to pull my political beliefs from the right of center. I love my Military. I love my Constitution. I love my country and thank GOD our country has a mix of ideas and political viewpoints.  Michelle will force you to change where politics meets real life, real people and everyday life. She is an amazing daughter, Mom, Wife and an American Icon for so many that feel left out of the American Dream we all talk about.<br/><br/>Put down your political ideology and step out of the shoes from your one perspective and live through her eyes, heart, and mind. Through it, you will gain more tolerance, no matter the where in the political spectrum you come from. Life is not fair at all, and the pursuit of happiness is not always easy, but our country allows it.<br/><br/>Michelle is a blessing and a mentor to not just those that have to work much harder to achieve, but even to me, the guy that so many right-wing pundits would want my proxy-vote. I have never changed what I believe in, but the political battlefield has pushed and pulled to leave me standing on ground that is not familiar to me 10 and 20 years ago. Michelle I think is really adding to that point of view of working hard for inclusiveness. She is also working to make our children healthier, happier and more competitive.<br/><br/>Michelle - Great Job, Great Book, and you represent what makes this country a place to where it draws people towards it, not away. You give me hope that somewhere in the middle lies the answer to all of us. You were that Mom and Wife that was caught up in the machine of politics and showed us how to retain your dignity and self-awareness through it all.<br/><br/>Great Book!
 First, let me say that while an avid reader, I choose historical fiction and an occasional mystery/legal thriller over memoirs/non-fiction, with just a few exceptions. Michelle Obama’s BECOMING is one of those exceptions. For one thing, I was intrigued by the title. Frankly, it could have gone either way -- I could have been impressed with her honesty or annoyed by her arrogance; so, although I was very impressed with how she handled herself during her husband’s campaigns  for President] and adored her as First Lady, I didn’t really know what to expect from her memoir. Well, as you’ve guessed from the number of stars, it was much more than I expected – it was a deep, revealing and unvarnished dive into her life, written beautifully, with all the wisdom and grace she embodied during her eight years in the White House. And she has a knack for making you feel as if she’s talking directly to you, not as if she’s writing for a wide audience, but that she’s confiding only in you -- makes you want to keep reading.<br/><br/>There’s not a wasted word in this book, nor do I believe there is exaggeration or tomfoolery of any kind. Descriptions from her childhood, high school and college years are astonishing in their vividness and give testament to her extraordinary memory and gift for detail. Scenes from her marriage expose her struggles with loneliness while, at the same, supporting her husband’s political aspirations.<br/><br/>All that said, maybe more important than anything else, Michelle sheds a bright light on what it means to be Black in America. Everyone over the age of 12 should read it.<br/><br/>Needless to say, I recommend this book highly.
 I loved this informative, raw, honest biography of the life of our First Lady. It gives new insights &amp; perspectives that will either change or reinforce how you feel about Mrs Obama. I highly recommend it to everyone.
 Having become the 77-year old me,  I was always proud of having voted in every election, eve v though I did not always vote for the entire slate, usually because of my personal opinion of a particular candidate who was running unopposed.  I even voted for Mickey Mouse on one of two occasions!  Growing up in the same place as Barack Obama and attending the same school for 13 years, I always thought he was unfairly maligned be political pundits, the always biased media,who looked for (and still looks for negatives in people, I was anxious to read Michelle's BECOMING.  I am so glad I did!  What a great read!  Michelle, I have already recommended it to family and friends.  It took me longer than 12 hours to read it because I had to put it down in other to go to meetings, make my home presentable, and go to medical appointments in between cheering on grandkids in sports, educational dedication and career achievements.  I , too, am a box checker!<br/><br/>Michelle, you have Become a woman of great importance.  Mahalo.  Please ask our immediate past President to stand up and sing Oahua and follow it with " Strawberry Shortcake "  in honor of your victory.
 This is a good memoir eloquently done by the former First Lady Michelle Obama. I don't have any political stand but by reading this book I heard an honest voice and someone who has integrity. She is very consistent about what she wants in life and never afraid to be vocal about it. She is also a very competitive person in nature and that shows in everything she's done since a little girl at school and later a prominent lawyer. She's not holding back in putting all these life experiences into this book and sharing with millions - A door she holds wide open for us to have the access to know her as a real person, her growing up in Chicago and how she finds her way all the way to the White House. I like how honest she is in this book and her consistency of every life event, and her courage to pursue what she wants in life and never be shy about it. A great inspiration to millions of young girls out there who has their minds set to pursue higher education, equality, key functions at private or public sectors, or anything else a modern woman might think worth achieving. A wonderful read!
 Admittedly, I did vote for Obama, so there may be some bias in how I felt about the story, but overall Michelle is quite the storyteller. She did an amazing job weaving through her present and her past with ease. Even if she jumped timelines from one paragraph to the next, I never felt lost or left to wonder what happened. THAT is why I was so impressed with it!<br/><br/>What I took away from this book is how hard black women have to work in order to be viewed as worthy in the US culture. I watched "The Hate U Give" movie while I was reading this book, and it just compounded my attention on the subject. It makes me even more aware of how much Michelle's own family sacrificed and how hard Michelle had to work to be where she is today.<br/><br/>I was also taken aback by the culture of the Senate and its views on family life as well as how much the Obama family sacrificed as a whole to bring all their dreams to life.<br/><br/>I could write a book on every aspect of this book, but needless to say, it has helped shape my thinking on race, politics, family, sacrifices, and more. It was really an incredible book!
 Michelle Obama is all at the same time, powerful, intelligent, kind and vulnerable. She has inspired me to go out and do better for this world. Graciousness is still an important and sorely needed idea and she has reinforced that it is possible and important.
 I bought this as an audible book. It is narrated by Michelle Obama and to have this great person in my ear on my daily walks was incredible. A really good story that everyone should read. The strong foundation that built up this tremendous woman is both inspiring and heartwarming. A real-life filled with ups and downs and heartbreak and strength. A must-read for anyone who wants to know more about this impressive person. Liked her before, love her even more now!
 A compelling read deep into another person’s life story, with great examples of the kind of obstacles that each of us needs to overcome, both in our own behavior and in our reactions to others.  The quote that I highlighted:  “...public judgement sweeps in to fill any void.  If you don’t get out there and define yourself, you’ll be quickly and inaccurately defined by others.”  Michelle Obama’s compassion, her kindness and thoughtful work ethic make her an excellent role model for women everywhere.
 The English is exceptional and makes reading easy and desirable.  The honesty of self is the most impressive aspect of this work.  Even though it comes across quite self-centered, she know is and accepts it.  Good girl!!  I do not think the world (US) is as racist as most make it.  " The more you stir it the more it stinks" as my grandma used to say.  Leave it be and be who you wish and the falseness will go away, let it.
 I purchased this book with hesitancy.  Not because I haven't always believed in the Obama administration but because I am worn out by today's political arena.  I was hoping to once again enjoy the excitement and positivity that I feel left us in 2016.  Mrs. Obama and her partners did a remarkable job of allowing us to travel a journey with open eyes yet not through rose colored glasses.  My wish would be for so many to begin this book with the same expectations.  Open our minds and travel this book .... this journey.  To allow ourselves to become more than individuals sucked in by the negativity we are immersed in today.  Thank you for reminding me that hope, compassion and fortitude still does exist. Keep Becoming!!!!  We are a better country because you chose to help us believe.  God bless America.
 I love this woman!  At 76, I've seen a lot f first ladies, and Michelle Obama will always be my first pick.....truly a class act.
 Every since I heard of the name Barack and Michelle Obama, I became very interested in who are these people, their backgrounds, their credentials, what kind of life do they live, what's life like for them and their children living in the white house etc. I been waiting on this memoir...and I'm half way through it and I'm enjoying every page.
 I’ve read other political memoirs and they’ve been a bit of a chore to get through. This one was full of relationships, struggles and triumphs written like a conversation with a close friend. She’s proud of her accomplishments but somehow manages not to come across as a braggart. It’s full of interesting and relatable stories as well as stories that bring you inside the world of politics and inside the White House as well. Perhaps it resonates with me so well because we are both women of similar age and similar backgrounds despite.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading the book and am inspired to reflect on my life and contemplate what I will become.
 In my attempts to keep an open mind,  I chose to read “Becoming” because honestly, I was not a Michele Obama fan.  She had always irritated me - but why?  I have the strong belief that you should educate yourself about things you don’t understand.  I am very glad I took the time to read this memoir.<br/><br/>I began reading this memoir with some skepticism, thinking the book would be about Barack and his presidency.  It came close a couple of times, but Michele always returned to a story about her, and how the events in her life affected her outlook.  I admire her strength and determination to better herself, and how she could impact other people’s lives.  Not by giving them unattainable promises, but by encouraging and empowering them to make the difference in what they themselves could do.<br/><br/>I found that I have a lot of the same beliefs and goals as Michele.  Tradition, family, determination, goals, attitude, perseverance and integrity are only some of the words that can be used to describe “Becoming.”  This book is definitely worth the read.
 Michelle Obama, doesn't mince words. She is truthful and direct. I loved her emotional and matter of fact writing.  Easy read but I learned so much! A definite read for young women, for teachers, for all of us who want to be successful in something. I thank her for sharing.
 I am so gratefull to Michelle Obama for writing this book with such inborn grace, honesty and humor.  I had tears in my eyes and a full heart for most of the time I soent readimg it.  ı usually rad very fast but I literaaly went slow, one bit at a time so it would not end.<br/>Her childhood and her first years with Obama, the way she describes her parents, her friends, her self-questioning, her patience and the lack thereof at times, and her honesty as she does all that is phenomenal.  If I had not listened to her speak about Hilary Clinton just before the final elections, I might have thought that she has someone write this book.  But that soeech had moved me just as much as this book did.<br/>I am also impressed that there is nothing "too much" or " too little" in the book.  ıt does not leave me thinking " I wish she would have talked about his or that". It is just right without getting  too emotional or too flat.<br/>Bravo to the woman who will always remain the most formidable First Lady in my heart.<br/><br/>And please do write the next one too.
 This was a long awaited book for me.<br/>I love the Obama's !<br/>Mrs Obama is one very impressive lady.<br/>Her writing flows so easily and  is well articulated, I could not put this book down.<br/>What a well educated, talented, grounded woman, a dedicated mother, wife and daughter.<br/>I feel America did not deserve this couple running their messed up country, they were in office before their time!<br/>I do not understand why Americans could not see what the whole world saw in Mandela and grant Obama some of that respect, who cares what colour he is or where he was born!!!<br/>American politics has really shown the true nature of US partisanship, it deserves to have Trump and all his lies running your country into the ground.<br/>I used to admire USA, our daughter went to university there, we were so grateful for this generosity.<br/>Mrs Obama's book opened my eyes even more to how dirty,greedy and demeaning US politics is!<br/>I will end on a positive note and thank Michelle Obama for this beautiful, insightful book, I loved every page.
 Loved the intimate look into hers and the families lives.  Michelle’s interpretation of those life moments made me feel like I was along for the ride.<br/><br/>Miss you and POTUS’ leadership and guidance.  Miss your voice on the national stage.  I am looking forward to the Obama Presidential Center and Foundation’s work as our great nation ushers in a new crop of young energetic leaders for our worlds future.
 Splurging for the Audible audio book together with the Kindle version was so nice for the usual reasons of being able to sometimes read, sometimes listen but even more so getting to hear Michelle Obama tell it in her own voice. Of course, before reading, I knew I'd love it because I love listening to Michelle whenever she speaks. If you already don't like her, you don't, and this book probably isn't for you. For the rest of us who cannot get enough of Michelle's warmth, insight, truth-telling, intellect, beautiful and powerful way with words and interesting stories from her life growing up, being grown and raising a family, this has all of that. I knew a good bit about her life but have even more admiration for her after reading this - at every point in her life, whatever difficulties, she handled herself with dignity and grace while also just being so regular and real. It was interesting reading about life on the campaign trail and in the White House and hearing her behind the scenes account of various moments we witnessed. I never wanted this to end and will probably read and listen again.
 Michelle Obama is a true inspiration!. What a story, she is full of grace and positive energy!  Just adore her!
 As I read this book, I heard the voice of Michelle Obama in my ear. I heard hope, struggle, victory, strength, and at last resignation without cynicism. I read a role model. I read a First Lady’s heart. Thank you.
 I choose five stars because even though the material was somewhat familiar , it was written in such a way that I was excited to go from page to page with great anticipation ! What I liked most about this book was the very personal girlfriend- like tone that allowed me to get deeply immersed in almost every page . I think fans of Michelle Obama will love this book and be glad she shared her personal story with us ! A great fast read ! Five stars all the way !
 Book was delivered
 I simply could not put this book down!  I have admired Michelle Obama for years. This book give us an even better understanding into her life and her journey! Strong women, May we know them, May we be them, May we raise them!
 I saw Michelle Obama speak in Pittsburgh when Hillary Rodham Clinton was running for office. Her positive, dynamic appeal to be the best we can be, resounded with me then as it does today when I finished her book. Most of what she wrote about that took place in her White House years was familiar to me, so it was her prior story and that of her family’s that I found most compelling. I know she does not want to go into politics and it is a nasty arena these days on both sides. Still I hope whoever is the next president, will find a way to bring a positive joining to both parties.  “When they go low, we go high.” May that spirit return to our nation.
 I usually don’t leave reviews unless a book really moves me and thus book definitely did! As an AA woman this book was a “MUST READ” but it should be required reading for all to show there is no limit to what one can achieve. Also that we are more than the stereotypes that “they” place on us. This book gave more insight into the phenomenal woman that we all witnessed handle the scrutiny of the world with poise and grace.
 Thank you for your goodness and example of Grace and dignity. You give me hope and an excitement for the future.
 Finally understanding what a First Lady  endures, Thank you Michelle for a look inside of what you lived and strived for.  Read the book in 1 1\2 days.Could not put my kindle down, only to recharge it.
 I laughed. I cried. I was awed and horrified. Reading the former First Lady’s words was like having a great couch time listening session with one of the brightest, kindest, most inspiring women I’ll never get to meet. But still I feel as if I could hear her voice, personal and warm speaking directly to me. I’ve already given the book to my adult daughter and a couple of friends who I know admire Mrs. Obama; yet what I need to do, is to give it to the people who wouldn’t pick up this book on their own. Hope you will take a chance on “Becoming” and then, pass it on where it just might take root. Michelle and her husband have broken ground and planted seeds of change. Now we’ve got some work to do and this book can inspire us to help tend the garden of what they’ve sown so someday, hopefully sooner rather than later, we can reap the joys of a more compassionate and welcoming community that invests in our children and celebrates  diversity.
 What a beautiful book about a beautiful person inside &amp; out! Read as slow as I could to make the story last longer. As many of us out there, just don’t want this family to go away. They never will in memory &amp; in their private lives. So miss knowing that there was a day I could turn on the news &amp; feel confident &amp; safe with an amazing President &amp; Family in our White House. From the great writing in this book, one can see how an amazing First Lady was in the making. Working hard, being kind &amp; staying on the right path does have it’s rewards. We were also rewarded with this beautiful book &amp; the wonderful person Michelle!!
 This is the story of family,  love,  and service.  Loving Kindness as the highest ideal.  This is a love note to every girl and woman who has wondered, "Am I good enough? Yes you are."
 Love the book so I gave 5 stars but it was thrown into a box unsecured with other items so I got it with a rip on the cover! Come on Amazon, you can do better than that!
 I think we all can relate to Michelle. She is so inspiring and I  so wanted to get into her mind and learn what is really like living in the White House and campaigning with her husband.  I related to her need to achieve to find the best job, attend the best schools but in the end it was not really following her passion and leaving her fulfilled.  She's honest about how brutal politics is and why she wants no part of it, and even when she is honest about her feeling for Trump it was done in the most classy way.  I plan to see her book tour this year and I can't wait. If you love Michelle, you'll love this book.
 Well written, interesting and engaging- her voice and spirit come thru- an inside look at a historic first lady's life!
 What an uplifting, feel good book! Michelle Obama’s unfailing optimism, class, compassion, intelligence, and beauty shine through her writing. Highly recommended for anyone wanting even a glimpse of what it’s like to be on the campaign trail, live in the White House, and be under the microscope 24/7, written by a woman who handled every day with grace.<br/><br/>The sacrifices she made in support of Barack as president, and the sanity she insisted upon for her family in a world that could easily have torn her family apart, are admirable. Whether she is describing facing treatments for infertility, what is was like both entering and exiting the White House, or why she will forever hold Trump accountable for putting her family in danger, she tells her story with grace and courage.<br/><br/>Her honesty is refreshing. Reading her words feels like a conversation with an old friend. Her insistence on staying out of politics is frustrating yet totally understandable. She is an intelligent, compassionate, courageous woman. Highly readable, her story is surprisingly relatable and does not disappoint.
 I couldn't have loved this book more. What an incredible life story--both hers and Barack's, separate and as a couple. I was so moved by the way she acknowledged how much others buoyed her to allow her to become who she is--she takes nothing for granted. And how she used (and continues to use) her privilege to uplift others. She did so much during her tenure as FLOTUS that I had known nothing about, especially in relationship to education, health, and poverty. Given the current state of affairs, I was especially moved by this line:<br/><br/>"Part of our role, as we understood it, was to model reason, compassion, and consistency."<br/><br/>I was also bolstered by the point she made several times: that change takes time and doesn't work in a straight line. An important reminder.<br/><br/>This book is so...human. So truthful about her and Barack's flaws and strengths. Because, as she says, we are always learning and unfolding...always BECOMING.
 I purposely wanted this book to be my last read in 2018. I expected the book to be good but I didn't expect for it to be so much more than just good. The way she explains her journey is beautiful. She could have wrote anything and told us her own version of events but she stayed right on top of the truth sharing both the good times and the bad times.<br/>Her success and her failures. Her joys and her struggles.<br/>I laughed.<br/>I cried.<br/>I gained a whole new respect for my forever First Lady.<br/>During Becoming: An Intimate Conversation with her that I was able to attend, she spoke briefly about some of the events in the book that made me feel even closer to her story. She humbled herself and I'm surprise how much I could relate. As I said before, I want to do more and be more because she's inspiring and I'm encouraged. I can't wait to read this book over and over again. I also can't wait to listen to the audible. This will forever be one of my favorite books.
 If you didn’t already respect and admire Michelle Obama, you will after reading this. It feels like she is speaking to you as a friend or confidante.  Her voice sings!  She explains so much that I had never pondered - about growing up non-white and its many ramifications, what it really feels like to live in the<br/>White House, her fears, delights, aspirations.  A MUST READ!
 I read this novel on my way to Bali (long ass flight) and let me tell you that I couldn't put the book down throughout the 14 hour flight to China and then my second 6 hour segment to Bali. The way she detailed her upbringing made it so great - I just connected with her on so many different levels! Anything is possible if you put your mind to it! &lt;3
 Personally Michelle has been a model to me, I am in awe of her strength and resilient in a world that wants to shut down women and diversity. This book tells her story from childhood to her experiences as FLOTUS. I am glad I am among the many so people that are able to see the truth that she presents. I believe this book is a means to let the legacy that we are united people regardless of our backgrounds. To shun the hate and promote diversity, to help the vulnerable and stand for what is right despite the odds. Thank you Michelle Obama for this book. It was a true inspiration.
 I’ve never been one to read memoirs but Michelle Obama is a woman I have long admired so I felt compelled to read this .<br/>From the very first paragraph to the very last one there is a sense of just listening with ease  to someone’s story over a cup of coffee, or a glass of wine.<br/>I realized over the course of this book that she as well as her husband are just everyday people who have lived an ordinary life under extraordinary circumstances.<br/>The biggest takeaway from this book is the passion that Michelle Obama feels towards children and education as well as the fierce mother who protects her own children and allows them to grow into their own .<br/>This is an easy read, there are funny antidotes and poignant memories throughout the book. It truly feels as if I have been reading the story of an old dear friend. Please please read this and come away with the dignity that once embraced the political world and the hope that we can get back to that place once again.
 Mrs. Obama remains the most relatable FLOTUS we have ever seen.<br/>Amazing similar are her experiences as a Black Woman in Chicago during her early years. Great history lesson included as a bonus to this well thought out and brilliant masterpiece! Buying copies for everything woman in my family who doesn’t have it. Thank you Michelle. My daughter saw you in Denver. I have your autograph!
 Mrs Obama,book was great. I couldn’t believe how open and candid about her life. Love the book and audio.
 She tells her life starting with her childhood. She gave several examples of what it means to be black in white America  She tells us how they met and Barack proposed and their attempts to have children.  During the White House, the two daughters attended Sidwell Friends School (a Quaker school).  Same school that Chelsea Clinton attended.  Michelle talks about her lack of intrest in politics and how that changed over the years.  She outlines the contributions that both she and her husband made during their political careers.  It was hard to put the book down.
 While reading this book I could hear Michelle Obama’s voice telling me her story. The beginning was a bit tedious and overly detail of her early kindergarten years.  I guess she used it as a foundation to explain her motivations. There were things I could relate to - things I had experienced myself, but there were also things that I relied on her explanation to comprehend. Some parts of it were raw, but I found a lot of things to be vague too. The impression I took away of Barack Obama was not a favorable one.  I was mad at him for leaving them alone so much.<br/>I found the early years up until he ran for president told in much detail, but the rest was very condensed with a lot of stuff skimmed over in a gauzy fashion. I understand to do it the way she began the book would have made it a giant, boring tome, and a ponderous read.<br/>It was a good story, if a little tiresome, because I already knew the highlights.
 Michelle Obama has written a well chronicled events of her life that answers so many questions. It resonated with me because I could see myself and my experiences within her narrative. I cried, I laughed out loud and I cheered. It filled me with hope for the future and inspired me to take action to be the change I want to see. Thank you, Michelle, for letting us in and sharing more of yourself.
 This book was amazing and well written. I didn’t want it to end. It showed how an ordinary girl can achieve extraordinary things. Mrs. Obama’s story is poignant, open, and honest. I could see the parallels in my own life. She is real and admits she is not perfect. It was refreshing to know that she overcame many of the struggles that many professional wives and mothers have.
 I always had great admiration for the Obamas,  but this interesting, conversational book was Michelle's finest hour. I found especially compelling her story of how she and Barack met and the way their relationship progressed. I felt as though she was talking directly to me. She was a smashing First Lady, showing her warmth and charisma at every turn. It was clear that she never really liked politics, yet she fully supported her husband in his bid for the White House. The myriad anecdotes were told with literary polish, including what it's like to live in the White House, and how much she loves her daughters, who grew up in the view of the public and with secret service people watching their every step. She called out the many women who assisted her with personality and relish. That revealed her to be an absolutely charming and humble person. I think she would get great support if she were to run for President herself. Yet reading her book clearly indicated that is a step she will never take. I LOVED the book!
 Thank you Mrs. Obama. I needed your story in your own words so badly. Just as Morgan Jerkins asked of you in This Will Be My Undoing, we needed to hear directly from you and you delivered. I started the book yesterday and haven’t been able to put it down, completely enraptured in your life. A life that is genuine, authentic and relatable. Thank you for focusing on our similarities rather than our differences. Thank you for admitting your missteps and your goals for improvement. Thank you for discussing how racism, sexism, and classism have all blindsided you. Your words have felt like an encouraging hug as I’ve sat with your book these past two days. It was more than enough. Thank you for being a beacon.
 ‘Becoming’ is an incredibly inspirational book written by former First Lady of the United States (FLOTUS), Michelle Obama. The aptly titled autobiography details how Michelle grew up from modest beginnings in the Southside of Chicago to becoming one of the more influential women to reside in the White House. She openly and honestly reveals her insecurities, shortcomings and attitudes with each transition in her life. Michelle neatly weaves into the tapestry of her story, the long term effects of slavery, as well as, the discrimination of African-Americans and women. She points out the repercussions these have had on the attitudes of the people around her and how it affected her life at each point. Her book ends with a reminder to be open to listening to one another and that hearing each other’s stories and sharing our own bridges the divide between us.<br/> <br/>I loved this book, not just for being able to see a different side of Michelle Obama but for how much it inspired me to be a go-getter of my goals and advocate for myself.  I think Michelle did a wonderful job describing how each experience she wrote about highlighted how it changed her or affected her thinking. How she learned to be stubborn in some situations but quick to adapt in others, how she came to have compassion on people from different walks of life and how she recognized the opportunities given to her and wanted to extend that benefit to others. I found her honest and unapologetic as she related her inner thoughts regarding different events in her life like Barack being in politics, her view of life in the White House and some of the more controversial decisions she made.<br/>The romantic in me was very curious about the beginnings of her relationship with Barack and she dedicated page space to show how they evolved from friends to lovers and the different (sometimes negative) elements of their relationship going forward. I was incredibly happy to read her touching on the subjects of marriage counseling and fertility treatments, something that is usually only brought up in secret today. Despite our lives being very different, this honesty and her personal revelations made the book very relatable and made you feel connected with the author. But perhaps my favorite aspect of the book is reading about Michelle’s passion for people, especially underprivileged groups, and how she championed her policies was downright exciting! Her defense of Barack and why he made certain decisions was confusing at first, but as I was reading, I came to realize how fervently she felt about the issues and how to begin correcting them and, of course, she believed in her husband and theirs stories are interwoven. Overall, this was a great read, I felt inspired to go after the goals I had been pushing off and to be unafraid to fight for myself.
 Oh Michelle. Your voice and story were exactly what I needed.<br/><br/>I picked up both the hardcover and audiobook of Becoming. I much prefer to listen to memoirs rather than read them. Hearing the author’s story is always so much more intimate and personal when you can hear their words in their own voice.<br/><br/>I learned so much about Michelle in a Becoming. I fell I love with her all over again. I cried tears of joy, empathy or sadness in nearly every chapter.<br/><br/>As a working mother, her openness about her struggles with balance and working mom guilt resonated deeply with me.<br/><br/>Her love for Barrack, her daughters, her family and America is genuine and raw. She tells her story with a humbleness that few possess.<br/><br/>I found myself wanting to keep listening to hear the full story but dreading the final words. Reliving the Obama White House years through her words brought me great comfort.
 Wow!!!! What a story. Great way to learn about the rumors/stories/snippets of information about the Obamas and living in the White House.<br/><br/>It was interesting to read how their childhoods affected President &amp; Mrs. Obama. I knew they were both lawyers, but, I didn’t realize that they both got their law degrees from Harvard...and she got her Bachelors at<br/>Princeton. Double Wowser!!!<br/><br/>The descriptions of life as a child, college student, single career woman, married working mother and campaigner are amazing.<br/><br/>It was surprising to learn that the U.S. President and family must actually pay for. I didn’t know that they actually have to pay for all of the food they eat.<br/><br/>Mrs. Obama’s anecdotes of living in the White House were often light-hearted. The photos were also great.<br/><br/>This book is a great introduction to the life of politics and how it can affect people.
 Well written book that is meaningful, timely, and appropriate for all audiences. So important what she relays about how opportunities were still limited to African Americans after the post-Civil War great migration north with union cards largely being given to European immigrants instead. She also stresses the importance of investing in our children, and our Native American students. Saw her live after reading the book and was pleased how many families I saw there. I appreciated her sharing some poignant memories of her and her family's lives. Becoming is beautiful!
 Michelle Obama is an excellent writer. Her words flow from the page with such openness and humanity that I was quickly immersed in her story. And in so many ways, that story is also mine and yours. Okay, I'm a older white male. Michelle shares none of those attributes, but through her words, she proves that we (and all humanity) share more than we differ. We face many of the same fears, challenges, joys, and sorrows. Our stories diverge along many paths as we become ourselves. That diversity of experience strengthens our community. Individually, sharing our diverse realities and experiences completes us. If only all Americans had listened and heard this truth while the Obama's were our first family! Even in her disappointment, Michelle ends this volume of her story with hope for our future. We really have our work cut out for us! I have no doubt that the Obama family will continue to contribute and lead. Yes, we can!
 Thank you Michelle for your take home message, for your willingness to share with us your true soul!<br/>This book will be a true inspiration for generation to come an it is so important in such a dark phase.<br/>Your strength, determination and open mind has always been an example for me and this book now has a special place in my bookshelf.<br/>At maiora!
 Her life before the White House as recounted in the book is vivid and detailed.  Post inauguration, it's lighter on the details but still highly interesting.  A recommended read.
 My wife is enjoying the book, but the publishing is horrendous.  In the first 60 pages, four pages have black ink marks but no legible words.  Two pages are upside down.  I realize this is a best seller but quality control matters.
 Becoming is a honest and energizing book.  Like so many of us, Michelle lives to find who she is.  She is inspiring in that she came from a less than desirable locale, leaving it only physically with education.  Inspiring because she left it by taking advantage of public education.  More than that, her heart never left the area in Chicago where she hung her hopes.  Michelle Obama is rooted in Chicago, sprouted through her education and career choices and is still sprouting branches that flower insight, hope, and encouragement to anyone ready to face their place in an ever changing world.
 I could hear her voice through the words as I read about her childhood, her family  and her amazing journey that took her to become first lady. What a strong woman, focused, determined, what a fantastic role model for us all. A first lady who challenged us to eat better and to get moving.  I read this book with envy of her strength and diligence and felt pride that she really was our first lady. Thank you, Michelle for your willingness to open your private life to us in so many ways and to share what your life was like with this amazing man who became our president.
 I can’t put this book down! Just wow!!
 I have always admired the Obama's and I was so proud to be an American during Barak's presidency, so of course I wanted to learn more about former First Lady Michelle Obama and the struggles she faced. It was such an interesting and intimate read that lets you peek inside her struggles and triumphs.  I really enjoyed this book, it was deeply moving and uplifting.
 I thought this book was overall one of the best memoirs I have ever read. I loved the honesty of her story, and her frankness. Everyone (myself included) think they "know" public figures, but there is always a story behind the persona. I thought her honesty was quite refreshing in a world where no one admits publicly they sought help with their or that they failed the Bar exam the first time. I don't know that I was a true fan before reading this book, but since reading it, I have become a major fan. I love the way she protected her children from the media while the family was in office, and I liked the way she talked about her family. Definitely worth the time.
 An amazing memoir written by an amazing woman. She is so honest, authentic, observant and sentient anyone has to admire her. Her humility shines through but so do her intellect and determination. I loved this book.
 This is by far one of the best books. Our former First Lady will be forever a role model
 Written with heart, humility and honesty.  I wish everyone could read her book, especially those who are against the Obamas.  The values, openness and kindness she was raised with are a window into a world few of us have experienced... more's the pity.  Lastly, the humor... gentle and endearing.
 The author enlightens us with a description of what it's like to be an African-American growing up in. White Society. Her humanity comes through always in the book. She illustrates  how difficult it was to aspire to receive an education coming from the South Side of Chicago  The need for.her to be 'perfect' in all her endeavors comes through.I could identify with her as during the Sixities The Ohio State University only admitted African-Americans who were either 1st in their high school class or were outstanding athletes I highly recommend this book .
 I have admired Michelle Obama since she first came on the scene during her husband’s campaign.<br/>After reading her memoir, I love this marvelous woman. From her childhood to the present time, I couldn’t put the book down.<br/>Michelle is a woman whom I would love to have as a friend. She has had a remarkable life.<br/>I love, love, loved this book.
 I absolutely loved this book.  I read it on Kindle, so if there were pictures in the paper book, I didn't have them, but the writing and recounting the details of her life were so vivid, you don't need pictures.  In these horrible, stressful times we're  living in the USA now (beginning 2017 and on, and on, and on), it was such a welcome return to real people, nice people, in fact, people like my family, was a big part of my enjoyment reading her story.  If only all people in the news, in all the country, in all the world, could be as eloquent, wise, good, and grounded as Michelle and Barack Obama, . .. . think of what a great life this would be.
 A wonderful and inspirational memoir.  Enjoyed it very much.
 I’ve been looking forward to this book coming out for a long time.
 I could not put this book down. Well written, intensely personal, full of joy, tears, highs, and lows. I rarely read biographies, but am  sad to have finished this one. I can’t wait for the sequels.
 This is an extremely well-written book that everyone should enjoy and learn from. Michelle Obama is a person to be admired, regardless of one's possible political partisanship. She writes honestly and easily about her life before meeting her future husband, her life with her husband, then their life (her part of it) with the entire country. I highly recommend the book to everyone.
 This is a very well thought out and well written book. It is insightful in ways no white person could know. I am ashamed at the country I live in and love can so callously sideline other human beings because of their skin color. The lengths Michelle Obama had to go to succeed in a white world is mind boggling, but I am so glad she did. I hope that the work the Obamas did to promote women and diversity do not get totally flushed down the toilet of the current administration. I am looking forward to their light shining again.
 The most engaging autobiography I have read by a First Lady, Michelle Obama’s Becoming is at once revelatory, insightful, and inspiring. Leaving no distance between reader and writer, Michelle’s authentic voice shines through in every word bringing the reader into her life as a young girl in love, wife, mother, and First Lady. We are brought into her world and what a world it is of grace, dedication, and persistence. I thank you Michelle, with all my heart for the example you have set for women everywhere.<br/>The Rev. Canon Elizabeth Geitz<br/>Author, I Am That Child: Changing Hearts and Changing the World and more
 Such an amazing woman and an excellent book. I love the way she just opens her life to you and allows you to walk right in and stay awhile to relive her life and such important years of our nation’s history with her. By the end of the book you feel as if she’s just been sitting on the couch having a glass of wine and telling you everything, you feel as if you’ve known her forever. She is a woman I’d love to become friends with and be able to just hang out with her whenever! Come on over any time, Miche, you’re always welcome!
 From a tiny apartment on the Southside of Chicago in a house owned by her great-aunt, to Ivy League schools, Princeton and Harvard Law, from a prestigious law firm to the CEO of community outreach organizations and a hospital vice president in charge of reaching out to underserved populations, to the White House as First Lady, Michele Obama tells of her angst, her happiest times, her fears, and opens her heart and mind to the American public!  It is an awesome work, spellbinding, and bingeworthy.  I won’t even try to highlight any particular points because her “voice” is absolutely fantastic!  I would only spoil it for you.  To my mind it is a must read for women from their teens through old age, and for any men who truly want to understand the struggles of a minority woman who proved to the world that coming from the wrong neighborhood doesn’t mean you can’t succeed!
 I bought this book because I thought it would be interesting to learn about the President's wife.  I did not expect to love it:  after all, it is an autobiography.  But Michelle Obama is an excellent writer.  Her words flow.  Her personality comes through loud and clear.  She is speculative. She is not afraid to address tough topics, including her reluctance to have Barack go into politics.  She explains some of her actions and words, noting that she had been misquoted  or words were out of context at times (remember the report of her being most proud of America).  She is a success in spite of growing up on the wrong side of the tracks in Chicago.  Part of that is her own smarts, her drive, her hard work, her parents, but she acknowledges that many good people mentored her, encouraged her, helped her.  In turn, she urges all of us to do the same with those younger than we are.<br/><br/>As I said, I loved this book.
 Fans of Michelle will love the book.  After reading it, I admire her even more than I did before.  Those who hate Michelle and Barack would probably not be swayed -- cannot imagine they would even read it.  Reading the reviews here, I doubt the negative reviewers actually read her book -- writing a review was probably just another opportunity to express their hate.
 So refreshing to read about lives spent striving to succeed without a sense of entitlement. Impossible to ignore the stark contrast of intelligence, grace and dignity of the Obama's to the current White House inhabitants.
 I appreciated the respectful way she wrote about the many things that are still unfair. Discriminatory ,mean, nasty, ugly etc.  should be a real good eye-opener for those who do not live or work in diverse environments and think we have come a long way since the civil rights act.  The inside behind the scenes view of the White House made me appreciate my privacy .  A truly informative and enjoyable book .
 Michelle OBama writes so candidly and with dignity and grace as she tells her story of growing up on the Southside of Chicago, attending Law School, meeting her husband, and the unique opportunity she had to be the first black First Lady in a racially-charged political climate. What a wonderful First Family! I love the OBamas and everything they stood for in the 8 years they occupied the White House and continue to stand for in these horribly dark days. This lovely and gracious lady can really tell a story and I believe it is a story everyone needs to read!
 I bough this book for my wife, who loved it and told me as a person who grew up in Chicago and became a lawyer to not miss it.<br/><br/>I agree it is a wonderful book but there is a glaring omission that is not an oversight. MS. Obama is far too careful to forget this.  She skips a very important dinner party she and the President attend before he announces his intention to run for president.  It is the dinner party held at the residence of Bill Ahers and his wife Bernadeen Dorn.  For those of us of a certain age we well remember these two and a few others and anarchists who used violence.<br/><br/>Each reformed and had a university job or education position.  Still, sitting down with these folks was fodder during the campaign and I wanted to get Ms Obama;s view on it.  She never gave one since she skipped it.  It was not overlooked by the media or Obama opponents.<br/><br/>Oddly she also skipped her three years in law school.  After a careful analysis and warm  memories of her life up to law school she just said she got into Harvard and the next chapter she is a lawyer.  What?<br/><br/>This may have been edited out for space reasons but it did not feel authentic to me whereas the rest of the book is very authentic.
 I thank her for writing this book. I love that she gave a personal and up close vision of what it meant to be Michelle, wife, mother, first lady and African American in the White House. In my mind I always visioned it would all be peaches and cream. Thank you for the the truth. For all those readers do not rush through this book. Take the time to read every syllable, adjectives, verb and pronoun. I found myself rereading paragraphs to try and get an understanding of what she was trying to tell me. And when I finally did it was wonderful. I also gave to other books as a Christmas gift to my girlfriends. And we'll be passing this one down to my daughter. I say thank you to her again.
 Michelle Obama’s book is compelling and hard to put down.  She is honest and insightful. Her writing is clear and enjoyable.  The book made me admire her even more. She is someone who loves her family, friends and country and, luckily, is never sappy or preaching.
 I love that it so relatable to everyday people, our struggles, dreams, fears and desire to be and do more.  It was filled with a spirit of love and friendship that connects us in real, tangible ways.  This book was educational and I learned more about the mechanics of the White House.  It demonstrates the sacrifice of our public servants and our military.  I have been inspired to continue being a better version of myself and to see people beyond race and culture.  The story was never boring and it confirmed that Michele Obama is who she says she is and we can be grateful that she has touched our lives in a prolific way.  It is a must-read for people of all ages.
 Shipping was very fast. Book arrived in great condition. The book is hard to put down. I already loved the Obamas because I knew they were for the people. This book just makes me wish they could be in office again.
 There are no big reveals here, no secrets exposed, but Michelle Obama is an excellent writer telling an interesting story.  I of course had no idea that she left law because she wasn't passionate about her work.  I had no idea about the different jobs she'd done and why.<br/><br/>The most interesting part of the book for me was the first half, the story of her childhood and her incredibly close and loving family, how she says that she and her brother were her parents' investment.  She paints a vivid picture of the world she inhabited growing up.<br/><br/>Well worth reading, and highly recommended to anyone interested in Michelle's story.
 Read this is three sittings- and what a great book it is! Loved the writing style and the honesty of Ms. Obama. She lets you know her as she really is, as she was as First Lady. Loved reading about her family history, and her journey through life showing that nothing is handed to you in life- you do have to work for it. Loved that she went for what her passion was/is in life, and so appreciate all that she has done for others with her work. Great mother, great woman! Thank you Michelle Obama, for sharing your life story with us.
 I started reading this book just right before Christmas and only just finished because of commitments to review other books. Every time I picked it back up, I felt as if I'd never set it down. Mrs. Obama's first person writing style left me hearing her voice in my head with each sentence I read and that was a wonderful treat! I am simply awed by her grace and dignity and the care and concern she has for others. I'd recommend this book to any and everyone who wants to read a true, gritty, shoulder to the wheel memoir that speaks to the soul and finding fulfillment after a "swerve". This story will inspire them to reach for the stars and to not settle for just OK. I, personally, will always keep the Obamas' mantra front and center in my interactions with others: "when they go low, we go high".
 Michelle Obama writes the way she speaks. She has a casual tone and a no nonsense attitude that keeps you interested in every word. I liked how she takes us on a journey from growing up on the south side of Chicago to spending 8 years in the White House. Her message is one of hope for the younger generation, but she doesn’t preach it, just shows how we can keep on growing.
 I so enjoyed this book. Living the Obama years, for me, was like living historic magic. Especially when compared to the current dark and  disheartening times. It was gratifying to read that what I'd imagined Michelle Obama to be like behind the scenes, seemed true and very real as addressed in her book. I really enjoyed the flow of the book and how engaged it kept me.<br/> Fiercely protective of her children, her family, her ideals, she writes with the voice of someone who was not only the First Lady, a woman on the fast track to a partnership in a law firm, a warm hearted truth speaking woman who could be your neighbor or your BFF. I admire her so much and appreciate her ideals, hard work and legacy even more.
 Michelle Obama is a good story teller. As she tells her story,  keeps her eye on the  events and the intentions, as only she can know them and is totally engaging.  You seem to get to know her as you continue reading.  Her circle of friends - of women friends - are also inspiring, as is her commitment  to, her reliance on and her trust of those friends.  She explores many emotions and we never lose her even as we learn how power her sense of loss, her elation, her pride might be, the story keeps on unfolding.
 How can anyone write a cynical review about this book? We need to walk a mile in Michell’s shoes before anyone Says anything! How vulnerable are humans, when they come into power? Michelle Obama is fully human, fully cognizant of her place in the destiny of this country, fully indignant at human suffering and fully integrated as a human personality. I am three-fourths of the way through Becoming and I don’t want it to end. I am going to re-read it and study her observations and internalize them. She has lessons for everyone. Her bluntness, candor, transcendent grace, humility, self-awareness give hope that, as a country, as interrelated beings, political or not, we are all in this living together. Democrat, Republican, independent—we have to get along and not spew hatred. This is a book to keep, a commentary on a rare period in history where barriers were broken, precedents were set and the bar, raised. Michelle, I salute you. You are one strong lady and the pride of this country.
 A national treasure, a role model for young women, and a fierce foe of all the "unbecoming" racism that has ensued since the Obama presidency.  May we see her like again very, very soon.
 I initially thought the book was about the things that happened in the White House. Anyway, I loved this book. She was so candid and I especially loved that. You can tell she is very down to earth, and her writing skills are remarkable. While reading certain parts I would get the chills. The words make you think you are actually experiencing what she was trying to get across yourself. The fact that she kept it real about how she felt was everything to me. Most people would not be so open for fear of what others would think. Will definitely buy other books that she has written.
 Filled with lies. Not worth the read!
 I am enjoying reading this book. It is very honest and well written account of her life. It is fact based and moved me to tears in some places. It appears to portray her family as real with problems and solutions and love. I even liked the pictures included of people who were important in her life and helped her "become" who she is. this was worth the time and I recommend it to anyone who has an interest in biographies and Michelle Obama! It is on my Christmas list for friends who do not already have it.
 While she continuously minimizes her achievements, she lauds those of the others around her who support and contribute. This book lifts you up and keeps your hopes for a better America alive.
 Can't wait to read this book, it has such great reviews, I bought 2 to give one as a gift😁
 Love, love, love this book of our first black FLOTUS! She is funny, elegant, classy, down to earth and relatable to anyone who is reading this book. You can immerse yourself in the book and visualize everything in which she talks about from her childhood upbringing on the south side of Chicago to the time spent in the White House. I've never visited the White House and I could visualize every detail she captured. She puts you into her space with comfort and ease. Read it!  I miss having them in the White House!  A keepsake.
 Michelle Obama is so open and honest about her childhood and her years of being the wife of a politician.  She is truly a great lady who has done so much good for all Americans.  I applaud her.  She is a great role model for all women.
 As with all political memoirs, people are going to judge this book by its cover. There are those writing reviews that want to dismiss it based on principle. I appreciate that, but also feel the need to provide a counterbalance.<br/><br/>This is not a memoir about politics per se; it’s not a platform for Michelle to use in a campaign or to bring in a bunch of money. (According to Publisher's Weekly, she and Barack already received a $65 million dollar advance that they likely won't 'earn out' of - meaning there's no more money to be had here. They'd have to sell more books that you can imagine to do that.)<br/><br/>Becoming is a story about sacrifice. The sacrifices Michelle’s grandparents and parents made for her and her brother, the sacrifices Barack made for his country, the sacrifices Michelle and their daughters made for him. It’s the human-view of the Obama Whitehouse.<br/><br/>When it comes to political figures and celebrities, we are quick to dehumanize. We forget that behind every campaign dream, every policy change, every speech, every declaration of war - there are hard working human beings, pushing themselves to make the right moves. These are people who’ve had heartbreak, who are unsure of themselves, who get upset when they are criticized on Twitter.<br/><br/>Sacrifice is a big and powerful word, one that often is tied to the negative aspects of our experiences. We think of sacrifice as something we choose out of spite. And often times that’s true. But not in this story. Not completely, anyway. For every sacrifice made in Michelle Obama’s journey to FLOTUS - was one made out of a deep sense of purpose. We all have something to learn from that.<br/><br/>This is a beautiful story that helps us reconnect to the humanity in politics. It reminds us that people are not cogs or talking heads; people are people.<br/><br/>Michelle’s memoir will be read for generations. It’s by the first ever memoir by the first ever black First Lady of the United States. Let that sink in a little. Buy a copy and curl up. I don't think you will regret it.<br/><br/> PS - This book is 400+ pages long, which means most people won't read it all the way through. Especially those who've received it as a gift this year. Keep that in mind as you continue scrolling through reviews.]
 As expected, most of the negative reviews are non verified purchase, and states generic negative one or two statement that really does not point out why they dislike the book. Most likely, these negative reviews are done by hateful trolls. I’ve read hundreds of books in my lifetime, and biographies are not my favorite. But this book by Michele truly opens up her past and her world to you. She is such a gifted story teller that you can actually smell the scent of 1970’s urban Chicago. It’s a natural storytelling that makes you part of the story. I love it! I wish I was able to go to one of her tours.
 I never really read biography’s, but I really liked this one. Interesting and personal. I am a fan. Well done.
 Powerful telling of the life story from a woman who worked hard to succeed academically, personally and professionally.  Mrs Obama is an example of strength and courage, especially for girls and young women trying to figure out how to become who they want to be versus meeting the expectations of others.
 I rarely, if ever, write reviews, and definitely not on Amazon, but MY GOD. . .this book is so smartly and beautifully<br/>written. It, just as my Forever First Lady, is brilliant! I broke out bawling a good three times. Your emotions will run the gamut. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll bask in this galvanizing woman's triumphs and achievements! Michelle Obama's tome was perfected by seeing her, whom I refer to as #TheLastFirstLady, in conversation at the Capital One Arena on her Becoming tour in Washington, DC. The lines flooded out to the streets and traipsed down sidewalks. You will not regret buying or reading this! It was even more impactful hearing Mrs. Obama read HER story in HER actual voice.  It is so very poignant and moving.
 I was caught up in her story from the very beginning because it was such an American story.  From  salt of the earth parents and a loving extended family Michelle brought values to the Whit House we could all recognize, honor, honesty humor, integrity, bravery and a love and devotion to family we all could understand and embrace.<br/>She reminded me it was our collective job to see to the well being of all the children and our shared  responsibility to nurture and protect our girls.  I loved how much she loved us as her fellow Americans and want her to know I loved them back.
 I learned so much reading this book.  I felt the honesty, fears and especially the heart through these words.  Most of all I feel hope after reading this.
 Michelle Obama’s book not only served as a fascinating chronology of her life and that of her family, but more importantly a look into her and her husband’s unwavering belief in grassroots activism to lift all to new heights. Her frank discussions of racism, gun violence, and anti-feminism are notable. Her devotion to children and the education of young girls in all countries is inspiring and necessary.<br/>Clearly, Michelle Obama was a product of an incredible family, filled  with  unwavering love and guidance.
 I wasn't a fan of the Obama's when he first got elected.  But they grew on me. the dignity and kindness as well as the intelligence both possess.  This is a very interesting book because it gave me the perspective that Michelle's family wasn't all that different from mine when she was growing up.  I wished for a little more behind the scenes at the Whitehouse stories but maybe it's a bit early still for those. I joke that my grandson looks very much like Barack- if they were walking hand in hand  people would think he was Barack's son.  So it's nice to see how a lower middle class family can really produce the president and first lady of the US, regardless of race.  Hard work and perseverance and aiming high just like Michelle and Barack can get it done.
 This is one pf the most Important books I have ever read, not only highly professionally written and engaging, but - Michelle Obama has outdone herself in giving readers a marvelous chance to really know what her life and experiences have been like - from childhood influences through her First Lady years and into the present with readiness for the future years (which will surely be just as impressive).  She gives credit to her mom, dad, friends, relatives and husband Barrack for her character and her accomplishments, taking little herself, and she expresses grace and candor as well as unbounded love on almost every page.  I don't see how anyone could continue to harbor racist feelings or views after reading her uplifting story.
 There is a big difference between a good writer, and a good story teller —Although it is easy to love both. A good story teller keeps you intrigued throughout the narration. A good writer makes you delight in every sentence; savor each word. Michelle Obama is both! One minute you are mesmerized by accounts of historically important events, the next minute you travel on her shoes through a crowded store; thinking about how to keep your children covered and warm and rejoicing in finding a pink winter hat, even if a little oversized.
 Imagine, if you will, that Ms. Obama sits down with you in your living room - in a comfortable chair, or on the couch. And tells you her story. Face to face. Openly. Honestly. Vulnerably. She shares her laughter with you, and her pain, and her anger. She shares herself with you. If you think you would like that, read this book. If you think you wouldn't like that, then I challenge you to read this book with an open mind and an open heart.  Because an open mind and an open heart is her gift to us.
 Mrs. Obama steps out quickly to embrace our thoughts and emotions with carefully crafted stories about her roots. In doing so, she envelops us into her arms; we can not let go, even when the lights are turned out.<br/><br/>This is a thoughtful book - one which grew from emotions as tired as a magazine in a beauty shop, and yet as  buoyant as a warm, cinnamon bun. This is a book that deserves highlighting. There are countless, memorable lines.<br/><br/>Thanks for your memories, Mrs. Obama.
 Michele writes like she's talking to you and what a conversation it is. I feel as if I'm  a friend and would love to have been one of the team.<br/>Our country needs people like her badly.
 Great book!  I couldn’t put it down!  I have always admired Mr. Obama and now I admire Mrs. Obama even more!  She is an amirable wife, mother and businesswoman. It’s a shame she won’t consider public office, America will miss out on all of her strength and kindness.
 I always knew I like Michelle Obama, now that I have read this book, I like her even more. What a strong, intelligent woman and a wonderful role model. Her journey has really been remarkable. For a woman that has never liked politics, she certainly made the most of her tenure as First Lady; she is a hard act to follow! I loved reading her honest insights about life in the White House, campaigning and raising her daughters in that environment, not to mention her love of her husband and the incredibly strong bond between the two of them.
 I absolutely loved this book. I took a lot of time reading it, savoring and not wanting it to end. I learned so many things I had never known about Michelle’s beginnings, her education, early years with Barack on to become a Mother and our First Lady. She was and is a very classy woman which I already knew. Alas, I finished the book but also learned that it’s really not over. There is still hope and things I must do too in “Becoming” for the Country and our World. For my children and grandchildren.
 This book was not just Michelle Becoming, but it was me Becoming, my friends and neighbors and classmates that grew up with me in Palmetto, a migrant town in Florida.  Many who was able to ride up out of the tomato fields through education to have a dream realized life. We, like Michelle, was encouraged to get an education so that we could Become whatever we wanted to in kife. Pre-civil rights when it was had to see the reality of what we were told we could Become. But we did it just like Michelle outlined her journey, we know it to be a real journey and an uphill battle and struggle. Thank you for sharing so that our next generation can see and overcome some of the same road blocks we faced.  Thank you for sharing how family can alter our Destiny as a positive influence. So many of this generation is missing this component of Becoming but Michelle pointed out in this book how important it is to be influential to those who are missing family.<br/>This is an excellent overview of the first African-American family in the White House. I'm glad I was able to experience it and look forward to the next generation's occupying the residence.  C<br/><br/>Read Michelle 's story and see your own life, your journey, your struggles and your victories.<br/>KGainer
 I love this book and hated to see it end.  I grew up in Chicago and am 5 years younger than Michelle letting me really relate to the environment of the city.  Michelle and her husband are my heros for all they accomplished in the White House and he could have done SO much more if the Republicans compromized. They both are so open, loving and sharing, I've always felt I could just walk up and hug them.  I liked her personal views and experiences on race inequality as I was raised on the north side of the city in a white environment but their was never prejudice in my home. Ive always wanted the true feelings of black people and they both have inspired people of their race  to open up and share...,I'm SO ashamed of my race for keeping racism  alive and cant believe how shallow they are .... Trump is the devil himself making everything worse and we despise him<br/> God bless you, Michelle....I really look forward to more books by you and your husband.  You are true inspiration to me and your mother is awesome!
 I am enjoying this book. It is so refreshing to read a book about a strong female who has high self-esteem. Michelle should be an inspiration to all females. Young girls, teenagers and maturing females should read this book and wrap yourself with the positive feelings and experiences she shares. I'm proud that she was our first lady -- I still consider her our first lady. She leads by example and is so willing to share her life with us. We need to watch her now and in our futures.
 In today's crazy world, Michelle Obama is a voice of sanity and hope. I LIKE this woman, and I adore her mother's view of life. I wish her dad could have seen her accomplishments.
 It is a wondrous truth of this book which helps us to see that we each and all are “becoming “ every moment of our lives.<br/>It is also wondrous to have been given such entry into another person’s life; few would allow that let alone one so much in the public eye.<br/>This is a story to be read and understood and taken in by men as well as women/girls/children.  It’s a life of learning who one is, the importance of one’s Being, acceptance of Self, and the courage to Be.<br/>Would that we each have that “knowing” that allows us to embrace one another as worthy of love and acceptance just as we are, to recognize the innate goodness within us from birth.  Should we accept that truth of Self in each of us, this can truly be a world of Becoming.
 As a Chicago Southside girl who rode the same buses (75th street &amp; Jeffrey Express)  and visited the same parks as Michelle Obama from childhood to late teens, I was mesmerized!  Although I came along about ten years earlier, I am able to relate to so much of what she recalls about the change that was taking place on the Southeast side during that time. My family moved away when she was about nine years old. My father was a CTA bus driver and my mother stayed home until they divorced right before I went to high school. Although things were tight, thanks to my mother and with help from my grandmother, I was able to graduate college and earn two masters degrees. A strong mother is priceless.  My younger sister graduated from Northwestern and  went on to medical school. She recently left clinical practice after 34 years. We had our racist, sexist bumps along the way, too. Admittedly, we haven't done nearly as much as Mrs. Obama to benefit youth, women, the military, etc., we've done some things. Reading this book has encouraged me to believe that, although I am neither rich nor famous and significantly older than Mrs. Obama, there is still more that my sister and I can do!  I have been motivated by Michelle Obama's authentic story to start that process immediately. I thank the former FLOTUS for the inspiration! ( I keep giving these books to anyone I think doesn't yet have a copy)
 There's was a great deal of information in here that if you've paid attention to the Obamas, you already know. That being said, I loved learning about President Obama's rise from Michelle's perspective. She showed that there was a great deal of hard work, sacrifice, and sometimes disappointed through it all. She demonstrated the difficulty in being a career woman who suddenly has to change up her plans and life when her husband reaches one of many pinnacles in his career. She showed us that even though they were POTUS and FLOTUS, they are still human. They had to grow both individually and as a unit to ensure that their family flourished.
 Michelle Obama is a joy to read about. Her writing style is as straightforward and intelligent as she always seemed to be. Her personal story, family and life has been a wonderful experience to read about.<br/>Makes me miss that family at the White House even more than I already did. We were protected by their brilliance, service to community and country and their wit and intelligence about matters funny and serious.  I do not feel that way lately. I am so enjoying the book!
 I really enjoyed the perspective of this book.  How thoughtful they were about everything they did.  Making decisions that were better for others at times not just what they wanted.  Their ability to be in touch with and care enough to take action on the I nation.  We need more like them.  Those that will actually work to make better policies and decisions for those who need it not just selfish politicians and their needs.  The epilogue alone was moving .  Loved this book.  Human decency has nothing to do with Democrat vs Republican and this is what this book also points out.
 Now most folks would think that it was odd that a 61 year old, white man would order this book. I have always admired the Obamas &amp; wanted to learn more about their journey to the top. This book impressed me &amp; it was well written. I'm not much of a book reader but I finished it in 3 days.<br/><br/> I think that this book would help motivate men &amp; woman of any color. As it was stated in the book numerous times; Are you good enough? Yes, you are! So if you are looking for a stocking stuffer.....look no further.
 Such a beautifully and open account of the First Ladies life. Written in such a way that one way or another you’ll feel the connection between all of us humans :)
 From the beginning to the end, this book was stunning. It was real, classy, honest, basically everything I'd hoped for when I first chose to read it. I'm not a person who typically gravitate towards biographies (auto or otherwise), but this book did not disappoint. Michelle Obama managed to summarize her life and accomplishments, along with those of her family, with a humility and grace some people can't even fathom. Reading this left me wishing I could know this woman in person, not because of what she represented, but because she is so human; making choices and doing the best she can with what she's been given. Throughout the entire book, there is a hope and optimism, despite every obstacle. I cannot recommend this book enough.
 First Lady Michelle!! This is one of the most enlightening bios that I've come across thus far! Michelle seems to never stray from her expressive beliefs and thoughts, endlessly and elegantly reflecting on where her life began and how this awesome journey has catapulted over the years...what a beautiful and historical path to experience; as an avid reader, I completely appreciate honesty, and a bit of motivational therapy along the way! Excellent and Thank you for being true to you!
 I smiled, I cried, I fell in love. I liked the honesty about the family dynamics, work and political struggles and triumphs. "Becoming Me " started off a little slow paced for me but a necessary part of the story to prepare the reader to understand "Becoming Us". A story about balance; balancing personal values and work values, family life and political life. A story about finding one’s voice and maintaining one’s voice. A story about being authentic. An intriguing and inspiring story, well worth reading.
 I really enjoyed Michelle Obama's book, Becoming, because she spent a lot of time and effort reflecting on the many opportunities that have come her way. She has a unique perspective on what it means to be a "woman of color" in an influential role. She expresses a high degree of humility and takes seriously her opportunity to educate and inform others of her perspective. Before I read the book I respected Michelle, now I know more and my respect has grown. Definitely worth reading!
 I loved this book, and I continue to love Michelle Obama! I learned lots about her, her family, and what it is like to live in the White House. I laughed and I cried while reading this book. I miss the Obamas in the White House and went back to watch many of the speeches and events she tells about. It made me sad and appreciative to read about how she stretched herself to do things a FLOTUS is expected to do but was counter to who she is. I cannot recommend this book enough.
 Michelle Obama brings a<br/>Warmth, intelligence and grace to a world in so much need of this now.  Her journey to becoming Flotus is inspiring and should give hope to women and minorities and humble people everywhere that they too can achieve great things no matter their background.  I’m even more impressed with her now than before.  we are the same age and have similar career challenges between motherhood and being a career women that it was so refreshing to hear her struggles and her optimism.
 Michelle Obama's book is about much more than life in the White House, in fact, that is almost an after thought.  Thee real draw is the life of a family that did the very best they could to exemplify the American Dream - the respect and love Ms Obama shows for her parents, and they for her is a lesson in parenting.  Her relationship with President Obama has the ups and downs of an actual marriage, but with a level of sensibility and respect we could all only wish for.  It is a great read and so worth it.
 This was amazing. We laughed, we cried, and we cringed together. I loved every moment of this book and wish there was more.<br/>I have read her husbands book "the audacity of hope" and after reading this I was sure to get his previous book as well. She is all-around lovable and provides insight to her life and her we went from the streets to the Whitehouse.<br/><br/>I loved this book beginning to end and tried reading it in one sitting but ended up savoring and enjoying the chapters.
 I thought I knew and/or had heard most of what I was interested in hearing about the Obamas, Michelle included.  I was not at all inititally interested in buying the book.  While I liked the Obamas and had really come to admire their family over the years I just didn't think I would discover too much that was new or quite frankly very entertaining.  This book  was a pleasant surprise.  The book came highly recommended.  Twice!  By people who are avid readers and insisted that i set some time aside to read it.  So I did.  And I am really glad I did.  I could not put it down.  This book was a deeper dive into the lives of the Obamas.  It allows you to see their family in ways that not many who have shared that life experience are willing to reveal.  The candor and vulnerability was really refreshing.  It is a reminder that no matter what we do in life and how different we think we are - we are ALL connected.
 Michelle Obama’s autobiography is written honestly, sensitively, personally. What an amazing life experience she relates, from her early life full of endearing interactions with family and friends in a close-knit neighborhood in South Chicago, through her impressive work supporting underprivileged folks in Chicago, to her meeting Barack Obama and joining him as the first African-American First-Lady and President of the USA.  The Obama’s have had a profound positive effect on our lives. Thank you, Michelle.
 Michelle is such a smart, classy, genuine person.  It was a really interesting read and helped me understand and respect her even more.<br/>I found myself occasionally noticing the complete and total contrast between this first family and the current horrible mess of selfish idiots that are the Trumps.<br/>Their histories, motivations and intelligence couldn't be further from each other.<br/>I was nearly in tears at the end just in the realization of what we lost and how far backwards we've gone.<br/>I had such hope for this country and the direction we were headed.<br/>I'm hoping all the best for the Obama's in the future and hope Michelle and her family do well. They deserve it.
 Michelle Obama's recounts her childhood, college years, courtship, marriage, and life in the white house with such honesty and feeling that I become completely absorbed in the book. I admire her courage in revealing so much. The book must have taken a tremendous amount of soul searching and research.  However, I couldn't help but think that some people must have been a little upset about some of her portrayals. I, for one, found it an inspiration
 Michelle Obama has such a way with telling her story. It's as if she invited you for tea, and you're sitting across the table from her. I found her life to be entertaining, touching, and everything that a man like President Obama would find to be a perfect match to his outstanding personality. But she holds her own with such love and compassion. Never ever taking for granted the people that loved her, cherished her, and for every single person that she gave back to.
 An excellent book, honestly portrays what that period of time was like in her life. The origins of her family values, the experience of losing her father and how she managed to hold on to those values with daily challenges.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama is a woman of grace with many lessons to teach. Her writing on grappling with a career that starved her soul, was among the best blueprints I have encountered for making a difficult decision, responsibly.
 Michelle Obama -- intelligent, attractive, down to Earth and honest.  This is a terrific book by the former First Lady.  She expresses her  personal doubts and fears in regard to a living a public life as well as her fears for the physical safety of her family.  She also expresses the joys of their position, the ways in which her life changed when she met Barack and they fell in love, married and started a family while pursuing their careers.  She's an intelligent, compassionate, and passionate woman who knows her strengths and shares her insights.  I liked her as First Lady, I respect her as a writer who says what she thinks and feels and whose company you enjoy in the process.
 I'm reading Michelle Obama's book Becoming. It is a page-turner.<br/><br/>Her writing is sensuous, lithe, intelligent, insightful, playful and straight from the heart.<br/><br/>My kind of person.<br/><br/>If you've thought about reading it, I urge you to do so.
 Thank you so very much. Michelle.....if I may call you by your first name?<br/>One of the reasons I gave your book a five star rating is because of the naturalness and vulnerable style of your writing. One of my mantras in my own recovery from addiction is "I am enough!"<br/>Also, I love that you talked a lot about raising your girls and the feelings of motherhood. I have two grown sons and they have always meant the world to me!<br/>It was refreshing to learn a bit about the everyday life of living in the White House and what that entails too.<br/>I am so glad and grateful that you and your husband were in the White House for those four years! I can't even believe how Donald Trump got elected. He is not the material I would choose for a leader of our country but obviously many people thought he was.<br/>I pray that we can get a next president with integrity and values as you and your husband had!<br/>Best to you and your family and again thank you for all you have done and for all you did as First Lady!<br/>Warmly,<br/>Peg Duggan<br/>Pegduggan@earthlink.net
 Michelle Obama's candor and authenticity made this book both easy to read and inspirational. I thought it was unusual for a First Lady to have been so open about her thoughts, emotions, and opinions  - shedding light to an otherwise closed off world and bringing people to understand her own vulnerabilities as a human being. What i appreciated the most was how consistent her tone was throughout the book - I felt that her stories were told lovingly and with a goal to reach out to people, connect, and relate, rather than to propagate any specific political view. The stories show her unwavering optimism, commitment to humanity, and a genuine dedication to inspire those around her with worldly values - Michelle, what a strong woman! I only hope Michelle Obama would publish more books so she can continue to inspire and share the warmth of her love for this world and humanity!<br/>A must read for anyone who wants to leave feeling hopeful, warm, and optimistic about the day in age we live in. Thank you Michelle for making me believe that goodness, fairness, and generosity still exist in the world of politics we are experiencing today!
 Michelle Obama’s book “Becoming” is beautifully written.  It is written in a way that you walk &amp; feel her journey as you read it.  And most important you feel the realness, kindness, open heartedness, generosity, and intelligence of Mrs. Obama in every word written.  Thank you for sharing your story with us.  I hope it especially inspires young woman to see that “becoming” is more then a word but a life long process that you too can achieve.
 Loved the Book, and used the Amazon reviews to determine whether I would like her writing. After I saw the troll machine going strong in the reviews.... I knew it would be good, I knew it would be truth, I knew it would be authentic from a true American Hero. My daughter loves her. The trolls hired to spam these reviews motivated me even more not only to purchase one to read, but to purchase several more as gifts. America will survive this 2016-2020 stain.
 I was in love with the book until the end. Regardless of what political view one has or even the dislike one has for a new President, I found it in extreme bad taste to discredit the wife who seemingly was just making a kind gesture, ( blue tiffany box).
 A good book makes its story seem real and honest. This is what Michelle Obama's book does. I was right there feeling and living what she went through. Her empathy and caring for people really struck me. That she married a man who deeply shared her capacity for caring for others is no surprise. They are amazing people and this book helped me see what shaped them and made them so. I miss their classiness and humbleness sooooo much.
 If you love and admirerS Michelle Obama, you'll love this book. If you love understanding history, you'll love this book.. if you love courage, Grace  and  aplomb, you'll love this book.  If you simply admire can well_written story about very real and honest people, read it.
 Mrs. Obama and I are very close in age, so I was extra-happy to receive and be able to read this book. It's everything I wanted - feeling as if we are friends and she shared this with me alone (and a few million others, LOL). I learned more about Mrs. Obama through this book and I feel as if I know her better now. She's led an amazing life, raised a beautiful family, and been the primary support for the leader of the Free World. That's a resume any woman can be proud of, and I'm especially proud that I got to watch a lot of it happen. She's inspired me to continue working on MY next act with her current activities, and I love the influence she had. Bravo, Michelle!
 Becoming by Michelle Obama will inspire you to think about who you want to become, no matter your beginning &amp; no matter your (or others) perception of how your life will ultimately end. Becoming is much bigger than that. It's potential in you, in other's, and leaning toward an uncommon life because you can choose that. Develop that. Grow into that. "Become" that unique person only you can reach for.  Michelle Obama takes us on a journey to "go high" - to aspire to achieve , and take others with us. In doing so,  our world is a better place because of our endeavors. We "become" better people because of it. Becoming is heartfelt, beautifully written, personal. It calls us to value ourselves, one another,  &amp; subsequently build a better world. And who does not want to become someone who takes part in that adventure!
 Michelle Obama is an incredible woman,mother, daughter and wife.  She is articulate, thoughtful and honest.  What an insightful read; she shares her personal journey throughout the book and her proudest accomplishment of being a mother.  Such an incredible First Lady, like so many in the past.  God Bless America
 It is a true pleasure to read an autobiographical  sketch that is so well written.  Mrs. Obama is most obviously an intelligent woman who is also blessed with a great deal of common sense.  The story of her early years clearly demonstrates what family values brought to the fore in later life.  Most amusing, however, were her encounters with some of the security demands made on her and her daughters, and perhaps better said her family unit--including the President--in the White House.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone, but especially for reading and discussion by high school students who may be searching for their place in the world.
 The book is , as is she, amazing. A story and a journey that speaks of the best of our country. I say: “Bravo!”
 With every chapter I'm learning to appreciate my own life even more. I'm only about a quarter of the way through but this is so enjoyable. Hearing stories about her family her dad and her aunt it really helps me understand where I am right now. I will never take voting for granted again and the responsibilities we owe as individual citizens to always know our candidates and vote. Society was not fair to her family as I am reading and those of us growing up nowadays can sometimes forget that things were that bad and that we're much more free today to determine how Society becomes through our vote. But other than that.... Charming book with good stories. Definitely something that will always keep on my bookshelf.
 I thought it was a very well written book. To me it is not a casual reading book.  I knew that Michelle Obama was an accomplished woman on her own but I didn’t know how very driven she was to succeed at everything she did.  Nothing she did was handed on a platter to her. She had a very supportive family she looked up to besides her parents. They were all hard working people. Many times in her life at college and work she was either the solitary or one of few black people there.  I’ve always respected and admired her and after reading this book, I really think she would make a good president. She’s smart, thoughtful, and driven to do the right thing.
 On page 389 or so it hit me hard! This book was going to end! The fact of that saddened me more than I was prepared for. Throughout my reading this I felt lifted up, embraced by arms of hope and dignity. I couldn't wait to get home from work to continue, but felt the creeping in of sadness knowing, like all great stories, there is a formula that includes an end. Michelle Obama inspires more than any person I know of.  I will savor whatever the rest of her life becomes revealed, for her intellect, her grace, her compassion, her wit, and mostly her optimism foretell great things come!  I can only say thank you for being who you are!
 I loved Becoming. It was honest, unapologetic, humorous, thought-provoking and at times a tear-jerker. Michelle Obama speaks through her writing as though you are good friends chatting in the kitchen over a cup of hot tea. I finished this book in two weeks and might have completed it sooner if didn't have so many obligations. Just as you hate leaving a long overdue visit with a good friend, you will not want to put down this book.
 Purchased the audiobook with a credit based on the reviews and I have absolutely no regrets. I didn't know too much about Michelle Obama before this book, and after finishing it, I feel like we've been friends my whole life. It doesn't matter what your political affiliation is, she's human and so relatable.
 Michelle is the real deal. It was heart warming to read of her humble upbringing and the love of her family. Michelle worked hard to get good grades, to find her way through racism and struggle. Her can do spirit and reluctant decision to embrace her husband's political trajectory meant she had to give up her VP position with 22 staff in order to support her husband's political path. The rest we know from her as First Lady but all that came before is a story worth reading.
 This story is about Michelle’s journey into politics with her husband, Barack.  She was the first African American First Lady and felt the pressure of that responsibility.  She showed how her leadership focused on children’s health and diet through her beautiful garden.<br/><br/>Michelle spoke to many young Black students and made arrangements for them to witness the possibilities that lie ahead for them.  I believe every female Middle School and High School student should read this book.  Also it should be included in Women’s Studies Courses. Men who are allies to women should read this book too. Thank you Michelle for undertaking this project!
 I had no clue what I was getting into when I started reading this. The memoir is refreshingly  honest and heart-felt, giving an intimate look into her hopes &amp; fears, vivid flashbacks into her childhood and connecting throughout the book to these core events and people who she credits for who and where sshe ended up. Revealing and fascinating nuance brought to President Obama and her family and friends that makes you feel like you almost know them personslly. This book is so REAL and entertaining, a page-turner too, providing an uplifting read. Thanks to her philosophy on life and her candour, Becoming reinforces that women are valuable and bright and strong, and yet we don't have to be perfect. Women of color please read this and start leading - we need more Michelle Obama's in this world!!!<br/><br/>Mrs. Obama Thank you for inspiring me, a young woman to pursue community organizing and gift White supremacy in my own circles in the Bay Area and San Diego. Your book is outstanding, thank you for this gift of vulnerability.
 Michelle provided an engaging insight into the life of an ordinary girl (next door woman) who became extraordinary! It was fascinating to watch her evolve from a box checker (her words) to a world leader, innovator and thinker despite the pressures of racism she confronted. Our book club talked about this book for a long time, beyond our usual book club discussion. I highly recommend this book to any person interested in Becoming their best self.
 As an avid reader, I challenge all my friends and family to put aside your differences and carefully, with an open mind and heart read  ‘Becoming’ , from the very beginning to the very end.
 Enjoyed learning more about First Lady Michele, her family, schooling and marriage to President Obama. She takes us on a candid journey and you will learn lots about who she has become. Loved the strong bond of love she discusses toward her family, children and husband. Don't miss this opportunity to read a very informative book. I've advised younger readers who have the book to use websites to assist them in pronouncing/understanding vocabulary that may be unfamiliar. My hubby has lots of books, magazines and other readings scattered in tidy rooms to my dismay. Reading President Obama's like behavior helps me understand perhaps its a "man thing".
 Michelle Obama told her story with warmth and intelligence.  She embodies two wonderful personality traits, that are sometimes mutually exclusive.  By nature, she’s a Nike woman:  Just Do It!!  Yet she’s outgoing and open to new ways of thinking, unafraid to take a critical look at herself, and make adjustments by listening to her heart and her head, and by seeking advice from good mentors.<br/><br/>Her story of meeting Barack Obama was delightful.  Loved the engagement ring scenario!  Their natures are quite disparate, yet they learn from one another and complement each other.<br/><br/>Becoming is an apt title.  Michelle is still becoming, and inspires her readers to do the same.
 Our former First Lady was very honest in her recollections.  From the time she was a child until the present, she relates her experiences without directly blaming anyone.  She worked hard to achieve greatness only to realize that what she thought she wanted might not be what she really wants in life.  She now realizes that she is still in the process of becoming her true self.  What an inspiration she is to young women!
 A wonderful read. Michelle Obama is a very good writer and speaker. One feels like she is in the room having a personal conversation with you about her life. I find the book fascinating and have a hard time putting it down. I am really getting a lot out of her discussions of what it was like to grow up black in one of the poorer neighbors in America and what propelled her to achieve all that she has so far.
 I had a great deal of respect for Michelle Obama before reading this book, now after reading I have sooo much more admiration and respect for her!!  She's a beautiful, intelligent, compassionate, strong woman that makes this world a better place.  The stories of her childhood are heartwarming and funny.  I cried the last day of Obama's presidency and will forever have love and respect for the Obama's.  Miss you guys!!
 This book is everything I hoped for, and much more. What a down-to-earth beautiful woman. So glad I bought this amazing book!
 An honest, poignant memoir of her humble beginnings, her upbringing by her steadfast and focused parents who taught her how to dig in, overcome obstacles, reach for her dreams. It stood her in good stead. The record of her years in the White House is an insight into the behind the scenes. There is nothing really that’s new — the Michelle we saw is the woman she is. She’s strong and brave, a lion-hearted mother and wife. She’s a leader and an inspiration. I enjoyed the record of her and Barack’s early years. Michelle’s openness, leadership, dignity, compassion and clarity show why she’s one of the most admired women in the world.
 My husband and I are reading this book aloud and it is so very readable and easy to relate to.  Michelle starts with her earliest childhood memories sharing the love and commitment to family in the atmosphere in which she was raised.  We experience her joys and frustrations relating to her education, relationships, career choices and mothering.  Her love for her husband and children is palpable (as is her distaste for politics).  This is simply the story of Michelle Obama becoming more herself at every stage of her life shaped by instilled values and the experiences she has and is encountering that change her a bit each time.
 Very satisfying, informative, touching and honest read. I enjoyed it very much but I've always admired Michelle Obama. She seemed to always be striving for excellence, she achieved her goals with most things, one of them being "Becoming ", Loved it.
 One of my favorite passages in this book comes toward the end “For me, becoming isn’t about arriving somewhere or achieving a certain aim.  I see it instead as forward motion, a means of evolving, a way to reach continuously toward a better self.  The journey doesn’t end.”  This is one of the most remarkable, yet completely ordinary, stories I’ve ever read.  And what it did for me is to help me remember to own, as well as write our own stories.
 This book is a page turner! The reader gets a front row view of Mrs.Obama's childhood, adolescence, collegiate experience, professional career, dating history with Mr. Obama, motherhood, and emergence into the political world. The reader gets to hear  her hopes, aspirations, fears, insecurities and the ultimate unfolding of her self confidence. Amazingly, Mrs. Obama speaks the words that best capture so many unsettling and hard to grasp realities of politics, minority status, gun violence, health epidemics, and disparities. Yet, she conveys a wonderful optimism about the spirit of America, change promoted by collective community action, and openness to look for sameness rather than differences. Becoming is a must read! You'll feel motivated, encouraged and hopeful after finishing this book!
 This book gives incredible insight into the life of Michelle Robinson Obama. Beginning with a loving family that provided a safe haven in a solid faith  with communication, determination and motivation along with firm foundation, she was able to succeed through education to overcome any obstacle that she perceived would hold her back from achieving her highest goal  as a woman, wife, mother  or First Lady with courage, integrity and character.
 Michelle Obama is an amazing woman and excellent role model. I really enjoyed reading about her childhood and her life and career both before and after she met Barack as well as their courtship, marriage, becoming parents, campaigning, and becoming the first family. Her determination to personally contribute and make a difference as the First Lady is so admirable. I have a great deal of respect for the Obamas and enjoyed a glimpse into their lives.
 I absolutely loved this book!  It was well written and truthful!  It expressed feelings, good &amp; bad and also revealed things about the writer and her famous family that many may not have been so truthful in sharing.  It showed me that you can be a born without many advantages and work hard to make your life have meaning and be happy.  I recommend this book to anyone who loves to read biographies.
 Thank you for telling your story and by virtue, the story of everyone who has ever been seen as other. Thank you for giving us another opportunity to know you, our forever President, and first family more personally. Recommend to anyone wanting to be  inspired to be their best.
 Michelle Obama’s story is a true rags to riches tale.  The influence her parents played in her life path is something that should be emulated.  When given love and support as a young person, anything is possible.  Extrodinary is the coming together of Michelle and Barrack.  Together they accomplished what may not have been done individually.  A story to read to recover hope in our society and know that anything is possible with a belief in self and a plan forward.
 too many pages with no print or unreadable blurry print. sad
 I recommend this book to every woman, it is inspiring!  Michelle is articulate and an engaging storyteller.  This is well worth the effort and time to read.
 The aspect I found most interesting in a book that had many such was Obama's level of self awareness:  she is able to turn her sharp intellect on herself and honestly present her foibles as well as her fortes.  She even makes clear when she is being careful about how she presents or discusses certain events and people, primarily from her years as First Lady.  The insights into the confined world of the White House can't be anything other than fascinating.....And she comes across as genuinely fond and appreciative of the massive staff that protected and served her family.  Well written in a graceful, easy manner--kind of like the person who wrote it herself......
 This book did something magical for me..it made me think how I can better serve and do more. This book made me smile and laugh and at each milestone get very teary eyed. I don’t know if it’s just me but you can tell Michelle wrote this book, literally reading it i can hear her voice. This book will definitely sit beside Coretta Scott King! I hope this book becomes training aids for classes across the world.
 This book is just exactly what I needed as the only woman working in my section in a government department. I was already so inspired by Michelle Obama but now... it feels like I have a friend who really understands what I go through. Reading Mrs Obama’s story has inspired, uplifted and energized me in such an enormous way. Thank you for sharing your story Michelle! And your marriage is serious relationship goals!
 This was easily my favorite book I have read in a long time and I've read some remarkable books. I've always liked Michelle Obama but I didn't know just how likable and amazing she is until reading this book. Her storytelling is outstanding. Loved all the anecdotes - many of which have nothing to do with politics at all. The page when she first meets Obama sends a chill knowing what's to come. This book is inspiring in the best way, not just for the rise from the south side of Chicago to the White House, but her perspective as a woman, a minority, and as a working mother who never stopped worrying about her kids and the balance of work and life.
 It was so delightful to find out how Michelle Obama really is. I admire all that she has become and how she grew as her life progressed. She is such a giving and sincere woman and really cares about people and their problems. She and her family represent a model for all people in government. Her commitment to honesty and trying her best to do for her family and the nation is so impressive.
 SHE OUTDID HERSELF WITH THIS BOOK, EXCELLENT READING.  DIDN'T KNOW SO MANY THINGS ABOUT HER.. WOW SHE IS AN AMAZING WOMAN..
 I always knew you were a Caring, Loving compassionate Women and just plain Real. This book just proves it. You and Barack have given so much of yourselves and I want Thank You and the Man I will always consider as My President Barack Obama!!
 I loved every page of this book and to know she is just like me forever she will be my First  Lady Michelle Obama🤗🤗🤗
 I’m obsessed. I finished this book in two days. If I loved the Obamas before, after reading this I love them a thousand times over. Michelle is the epitome of class, education, and strength. I genuinely love and respect her so so much. The writting is beautifully done. Entertaining and so interesting to read their story. I joked with my husband saying I feel like I know her better now and I feel as if we were friends. I wish.
 Mrs. Obama's honest and inspiring book gives both insight into her life experiences and hope to everyone who reads her story. People of all colors, genders and ages see possibilities to overcome obstacles and become all God has made us to be. Thank you, Mrs. Obama,  for not only being a first class author, but also a classy lady of integrity,  intelligence and sincerity. I highly recommend this wonderful book!
 This remarkably heart felt memoir ,written in unpretentious language by a Harvard graduate , has to be the most uplifting I have ever read.  Michelle Obama is a wife, mother, daughter and friend , who holds all of these titles in as high regard  as she does her title of former FLOTUS. I have always been an admirer of hers, but after reading this memoir, can say that she is a sister and friend. I felt like she was writing it specifically to me as an encouragement and affiliation . Never once talking down to me, but lifting me up with her love and  encouragement and boundless optimism. A must read for every woman!m
 I gave this book a 5-star rating because I like Michelle Obama; but the fact is that the only part of the book that got delivered to my phone was the book cover and the table of contents.  If I go beyond that, I see an icon and a message "Waiting to Load."  I wish I could get the book delivered; but I have tried to figure out how to contact Amazon with this information and have been unable to do so.
 America.  Her story will be told with great pride when spoken of by future generations when they want to tell future generations the history of First Ladies in the White House,along with Eleanor Roosevelt, Laura Bush and the  other great ones we have had..  She d I d her 'Job' with grace, intelligence and humor.  It certainly wasn't made easy in a country too long under the thumb of old white men acting like they are more equal than minorities.  Just remember,they are not in the eyes of God. As a woman who believes in God, I do not think they are more equal. We are grateful for Michelle and her example..
 This book is a must- have for your book collection. I'm not quite finished yet, but it has been very insightful!
 This is a well written book that vividly captures your imagination. Mrs. Obama writes so eloquently and conveys her thoughts in such a way, one just wants more of it....this is my second time reading this book.....What a good read it is!!
 This book reads just like Michelle talks. I loved her background stories. She is always modest, personable and optimistic. She is the most direct and unequivocal when speaking about Republican viewpoints and crass behaviors. Like her husband she uses her words, displays enormous patience, and is always aware of how her actions affect others. She exemplifies today’s amazingly talented modern woman.
 excellent read. very open and sincere. actually funny in spots. MO is a class act. clearly, her class is not bought...she was raised with it. she has fun. lets down her guards and hair and tells it like it is. reading this book made me miss her and President Obama soooo much more than I already do. fast read. written in human speak not all brainy sounding...easy to understand.
 Thank You for this book! Thank you for sharing your life with us and for being a Beautiful, Smart, and Amazing First Lady! Thank you for giving hope to Women all over the world. I love this title because I too agree, we are constantly “Becoming” You are simply amazing! I love your Zeal and Zest as well as your compassion. This book has really inspired me in so many ways and I thank you for the hope and inspiration. I loved how you dealt with all the critics and the love you have for your family and friends is awesome! I would recommend this book to my close friends and family, my mom actually finished this book before me and we could not stop talking about it. You made me laugh you also made me cry. May God continue to Bless you in your journey and thank you because I have a  new motto - I am enough
 Mrs. Obama, I feel this time with Becoming was personal. We could easily be friends. We are so different and yet in the heart of what is important, values of love, families, friends and community we share so much. Thank you for being so personal. It matters. I wish you and your husband a wonderful future that you design together. May all who read your words hold them close as we vote in 2020 to make words matter once again. To appreciate intelligence. To respect preparation. To live without a scandal once a minute. To care about our children's future, to return to REAL values like truth, justice, equality and liberty for all. Bless you and yours.<br/>Shirley A. Blair Keller, Three Rivers, CA
 Great read even though I did the audible option. Excellent narration, just as if she sitting next to me having a chat. Job well done at embracing all the obstacles and making them catipolk her to the next level.
 Michelle Obama's story would have been interesting as merely the POV of a woman married to a man who became president but this is so much more.  Her struggles to balance family life and work life resonate with any woman who has had to do so as well.  She is candid about her struggles to reconcile the frequently-absent husband from her vision of how marriage should be.  An amazing story by an amazing woman.  And this is coming from someone who really doesn't like autobiographies.
 It's Michelle Obama. What's not to like about a tags to riches story. Beautiful, supportive family. Hard working true Americans. Never a hint of scandal. Classy family. Her book seems like raw HONESTY. If she can ... others can too!!!
 Although this made me feel like a lazy mom, I know I can’t really compare myself to the First Lady who has two Ivy League degrees.  Her book was more thought provoking than I imagined, making me consider possibilities in my own life, while also offering an inside look at her incredible life.
 It's awesome to have an inside look on what the first family went through during their ascendance to the White House and how they got there. Michelle Obama is truly a role model to look up to and she's very relatable in this book!
 This is really Michelle Obama's autobiography.  Naturally there is information about the president, but no more than necessary to complete her story.  I was surprised to learn that she has little interest in politics, and agreed to the run for president because she thought he would lose.  She was honest about the difficulty in becoming pregnant, the hard times while he was in the state senate in Springfield while she was in Chicago, and many unfortunate experiences while in the White House, such as the refusal of congress to even consider bills he presented.
 It makes you long for those times when the world respected us, when our president was a man of honor and decency, a true public servant. And it painfully contrasts with the Orange Monster who currently loots our country, pollutes our land, and alienates our real allies as he sides with dictators, and fills Washington with the swampiest creatures ever assembled. Oh how I miss the Obamas.
 Couldn't finish it. She's either a terrible writer or can't pick a good one to write her book for her.
 Love this lady and was so very interesting to hear what her life was like for the duration from campaigning to spending eight years in the white house.  Makes me ashamed of Americans to hear what she had to go through and the name calling and insults.  She's a very lovely lady and we should all be proud to have had her for First Lady.  Sure beats the one we've got now.
 I enjoyed this book so very much. She spoke with true emotions.<br/>Regardless if those emotions were fearful, happy and sad. She still became Michelle Obama !!!!! Thank you for sharing your story with me 😀😀😀😀😀
 I purchased this book as a birthday gift, but couldn't resist reading it myself when it arrived. It is so well written, so interesting and compelling, I found it hard to put down. I've liked and admired her as First Lady, but reading her story brought my respect and adoration of her and her husband to a whole new level, while it gave me deeper insight on the challenges that each of them faced throughout their lives and the perseverance it has taken to live and grow and succeed throughout each step along the way. I admire their love of children--all children--and the devotion to raising their own. Ultimately, I am going to keep this copy to read again and to share with friends and family, and purchase a new copy for my friend. This is without question a book I would highly recommend reading.
 This book has been reviewed by many people. While their opinions matter nothing like reading it for yourself.<br/>Having lived through so many of the times recorded in this book and witnessing, this young woman's growth and maturing is awesome.<br/>I hope all who read this book, especially women and girls, will see that everyone matters.<br/>Thank you Michelle Obama, for all you have done to help others and all that you have yet to do.
 I got it for my Sister as a Christmas Present.  First She asked for the digital version.  Had to return it, because she wanted to be able to hug it.  Psycho Liberal, but Hey, She is family, I will defend her to the end.
 Michele Obama has written an intimate look into her life as a black woman growing up in the city of Chicago with the help of a caring and loving family, working hard at school and making the incredible achievement of a Princeton undergraduate and the Harvard Law School education. In meeting her husband, she describes the ups and downs of being in a relationship with a politician: being a public figure, raising daughters and working out how to find herself and how to be true to herself in private as well as in public. I found the book to be a riveting, personal story.
 I have been an avid reader all my life - devouring fiction and nonfiction alike. But rarely have I enjoyed  reading a story so beautifully told as this one. I read it in two days - literally unable to put it down.  I confess I too am a South Sider, growing up about a decade before Michelle - heading to Rainbow Beach in the summer and Bowen High school during the school year from 92nd and Paxton Avenue. This book made me yearn for those Obama years again and along with them, the thoughtful, intelligent, compassionate and caring dynamic duo that lived in the White House for eight years. How desperately we need their wisdom and guidance now! Thank you for this wonderful peek into your world - it offered  a fascinating behind the scenes perspective!
 Starts slow (the childhood is not particularly compelling), but hold on! Once she's past that, the book takes off in the lead up to her fateful meeting with Barack. Don't hesitate. You don't want to miss this book.
 Michelle Obama comes across in her book Becoming as so very authentic. I grew up in small-town northern California, born to white college educated parents. Yet, I identified with Michelle’s journey more than I can say. This speaks to her comments about campaigning in Iowa. She said it wasn’t about differences, it was about similarities, people trying to do there best for themselves and their families. I loved hearing about the challenges as well as the successes. I really didn’t want the book to end!<br/>Thank you for setting such a great example, thank you for all you’ve done and continue to do, and thank you for sharing your experiences that others may be inspired to keep showing up and doing their best too.
 I had no idea what it was like to be in the public eye. I am so impressed by Michelle Obama’s successful struggle to protect, build, and preserve her ideals. What lucky girls her daughters are!  I wish every American would take time to read this book.  It is an easy read, very comforting during these Trump days, and certainly has given me hope that the best of America can still prevail.
 I loved reading this book because it felt I got to know the Obamas on a personal level.  It was so endearing to read about how Michelle and Barack met and started dating, how he proposed, how their girls took to the roller coaster of being First Children, etc.  I was so glad that Michelle also wrote about the difficulties of being a successful woman who expects equality and partnership and how she came to terms with a role that expects you to smile and support your husband's dreams and successes, and how they navigated through that and made it out the other side.  It felt like a really human and real story of two ordinary people who ended up leading extraordinary lives.
 I rated this a 5 star book not only because of the ease of storytelling, but because of the incredible courage, insight, and transparency with which her story was told. I wrapped up the Epilogue once again invigorated and hopeful about the innate character and resilience of our country and the residents within.
 Reading this autobiography has taking me through a journey I'm not comfortable enough to put into words,but are able to relate through Michele's own. Experience s. Becoming a woman, regardless of color of ones skin. Level of education, nationalities, is a process.<br/>I thank this graceful lady for sharing with me her personal transformation.  Allowing me to be able to identify through hers the man
 I. Love. This. Woman! I love that she is always herself. Throughout the book, I could hear her voice, even though I didn’t have the audiobook. She is just as real and genuine as she seemed all throughout the presidency. I loved that she was so open about the inner workings of the White House. I found it fascinating to learn about all of the detail of protecting and looking out for the president and the first family. As expected, this was a great read by a powerful woman who is down to earth and believes in her obligation and opportunity to help others be just as great as she is.
 Although we think we know the first family, reading Michelle Obama’s memoir,  I learned so much. Michelle Obama obviously set high goals for herself yet meeting Barrack changed her perspective. Achieving was no longer enough, but having a higher purpose took over. It was enlightening to read about life in the White House through the eyes of a person who probably never expected to live there. Her passion for children, their well being, their education is clear. By the time I read the epilogue, I had tears in my eyes. There is much to admire and inspire us.
 This was the best book I read in 2018. Michelle Obama is not only a beautiful storyteller, she is a host. Mrs. Obama invites the reader into her life and into her living rooms as she moves from Euclid Avenue on the south side of Chicago to the White House. Her powerful story, vulnerability, humor and strong emotion read as if she is sharing an afternoon teatime with the reader who opens her book.<br/>Her perspectives on education, romance, becoming a wife and mother, politics, and wearing the mantle of First Lady will inspire. The tribute she pays to her own mother shows a grace-filled honor paid to the woman who set her daughter on the path to make American history. Every word is riveting.<br/>Thank you, Mrs. Obama.
 Loved so many things about this book. It's easy to follow and gives the lay person a peek into the real life of former FLOTUS Michelle Obama. Her genuine humility echoes off the pages as she takes the reader through the three major chapters of her life. Fascinating read. I'm also inspired by her upbringing, which I knew little of before reading this book. Must-read!
 Michelle Obama shared her personal story of her life as child in Chicago’s South Side, her close family, her support to get a great education and hard work to accomplish her goals. After meeting, then marrying Barak Obama, and helping him win political races in Illinois, living in Chicago. While she was in Chicago, her husband was elected President of the USA as began as First Lady.  It was a major move with two young girls. I was taken by the book, it’s an emotional history of the White House years. I highly recommend reading this superbly written book.
 I loved the early parts especially of this book about Michelle Obama and her growing up years and her remarkable parents.  This book is very different from what I expected and the way she reveals personal information is unique - it honestly feels like by telling her story, she is trying to help others tell theirs and not feel ashamed of their troubles and failures in life.  I loved it.  Very well-written.  I was a fan before the book and I am an even bigger fan now.
 I wish I could have read this as a young woman starting out. I think I might have gone a different direction had I been able to benefit from Michelle’s experiences and how she handled herself.  It’s beautifully and intelligently written, easy to read, and compelling throughout. She satisfied my curiosity of what it’s like to live in the White House as the first family. The energy and fortitude required to be in such a public position is not for the feint of heart. I admire her ability to stand up for what she knew was right and get things done in spite of a sometimes critical, unforgiving, and uncooperative public. She’s amazing and has my utmost admiration.
 Okay book...probably the thing I found most interesting was how much SHE gave up to see him succeed.
 The great thing about this book was the seamless integration between how Michelle is hardwired and how her life is an integral part of our own lives. To say the least I'm much more enamored with the way she juxtaposed what we saw in the public sector vs how innate they are as a family. Thank you for opening up your own life and the door for others to see.
 Every woman should read this book, politics aside. It is a story of the American Dream, a story of an ordinary woman who became extraordinary thanks to her family, drive, friends, and the incredible man she fell in love with. It is a story of strength and sacrifices, of joy and sorrow, overcoming hardships and standing up for what you believe in through your voice. I loved every heartfelt, down-to-earth word and shed tears when Michelle's story of becoming came to an end. It is a book you will want your daughters to read as well. Bravo, Michelle!
 After reading this book, I feel a renewed hope for who we are as a country and for the human spirit in general. Michelle Obama's story is a truly, uniquely American story of what we can become — together and individually — when we open our eyes and hearts. Beautifully written, sometimes amusing, often moving, it is the story of the optimism that shines through when we seek out the best in each other. Read this book, please.
 This was a Christmas gift for my best friend. She was excited to receive it!  Michelle Obama is our Shero!  Now all of the divas have her book!  It is a good book to read. Very insightful, enlightening, entertaining and honest perception of her life, thoughts and insights. I have this on digital because I’m saving the hard copy for Mrs. Obama to sign one day.
 I wish there were more stars available for this book. Five stars are insufficient. What a woman!  What a loss for our  nation when their term was up. Contrast in the way our country was governed by Obamas and is being governed now is incomparable! Tragic even.  Her refusal to be bitter but resolutely remain hopeful is very inspiring to me.  A must read for everyone!
 For someone like me who is not American this biography was most interesting. I have not experienced racism and all I know about it is what I have read in books. I was compelled to read again "Dreams of my father" by Barak Obama as I thought the two stories complemented each other especially in their differences. Michelle Obama is an example of a true African American and what can be achieved in spite of the racism and the fact of being a woman, with hard work, resilience and perseverance while Barak Obama needed first to find his true identity, a much more complex one. But because of this complexity I think he was able as a President to embrace the whole nation and serve it to the best of his ability even if he was unable to achieve all his goals since the Congress was so much against him and often obstructed his decisions just because he was black. These are the stories of a formidable couple which history will not forget.
 This is one of the best memoirs I have read in a long time.  It is interesting, educational, concise, funny, informative yet very readable.  It will stay with me for a long time.  It is something I never expected to read...a memoir from the first African-American first lady of the United States.  I am so glad to have had this experience...so proud.<br/>Delia
 This book was enjoyable from start to finish.  It was well written and so thought provoking.  I'm not at all surprised because Michelle Obama is one of the most intelligent women in our world today.  She and her husband are truly a gift to our country and I am so proud that they were such a wonderful example of class and intelligence.  Our country was well represented by having them as President and First Lady.  It was so hard to put down, and I hope that she will write other books in the near future.  This was truly money and time well spent.
 To start with, I am a fan :). I think both of them are amazing and am so upset over the events starting January ‘17 undoing so many elements of the Obama legacy.<br/><br/>I found the book to be very personal and intimate. I loved the way it was written in a very relaxed manner. It really made me feel like if I ever ran into her, I would know her.<br/><br/>I loved reading about life in the White Hiuse. But most of all the feeling the I got to look into the life that took many unbelievable turns to get so far with such speed. It really is an inspiring story.
 I love the book,,, I have read a friend's, so bought one for my mother in law-- it came dented on corner which is just annoying as it is a gift. But I am sure she will love Mrs. Obama-- as we all do.
 All I can say is that Michelle Obama is a very talented writer with a great story to tell about her journey.  Born into very modest, loving family she really defied the odds against her, graduating from Princeton and Harvard Law and then working in a top Chicago law firm, where she was asked to mentor a young man named Barack Obama.  Their growing love for each other is one of the best parts of this book.  It's just such a pleasure to read because Michelle's voice is heard  in her wonderful use of language.  I highly recommend this book.  You'll really enjoy it.
 I purchased the hardback first, just in case Michelle drops in and can sign it.  I then purchased the audiobook.  I have several biographies ready by the authors and I really enjoy them.  This one is no exception.  I am only on chapter five, but I can already tell this will be a "driveway" book.  (Sitting in the driveway to hear the next bit.)
 A very easy read. Large print to makes it easy on the eyes.
 Ha! 2 years out of office and we’re still living on not 1 Obama, but 2! Her story is Every Colored Woman’s story in many ways. I’m so grateful she literally opened up and shared her life then and now. This is a must read and share. She can throw some shade! Don’t let being the 1st lady fool ya. I can now understand why she’s so strong. I admire her on many levels.
 I just completed reading this book, and I was intrigued. This is the best book I have read in 2018-2019. I read many books, and I am impressed.<br/><br/>I now understand the Obama's and their journey to and from the White House. This book is detailed and masterful biography of a fantastic woman. I enjoyed reading such an evolution of words that gave me hope and freedom.<br/><br/>I recommend this book to everyone---it will educate you on the trials and tribulations of life. It will also make you smile. This book deserves 20 stars and more.
 This book was great.  The love, strength, courage, and power Mrs. Obama had from within was a testament of how we as women can rise above it all with praise. One the most important lesson I received from reading this book was you have to stay true to who you are. Blessings<br/><br/>Angela Y. Hodge<br/>Author of Purple Love: Powerful . Bold. Magical
 Well written and intense, ’Becoming’ is more than a recounting of political experience.  For me, it seemed as though I was sitting right next to Michelle Obama while she was telling me her own story, from struggling with the requirements of her role as First Lady, caring for her family and the community, and all the while facing often dark sides of political behaviors. Becoming is the story of a woman who has found herself and continues working to improve lives in our country and internationally, all the while remaining true to herself,
 Loved this autobiography, felt the voice of Michelle Obama all through it. She was a wonderful First Lady among many of her accomplishments. Learned a lot about what it takes to live in the White House.
 I enjoyed reading this.  As a fellow mom and woman I found much of the book relatable and heartwarming.  The inside look at life as First Lady was compelling and also enlightening.  I have no interest in politics and found Mrs Obama’s book to be an enjoyable read really because it does not focus on politics but rather the need for all humans to work together in order to better our world.  Great positive read!
 I have been a Michelle Obama fan since the first time I heard her speak on the campaign trail when Barack was running the for President the first time. However, after reading this book, I have learned firsthand what it means to be a black woman. No matter how educated you are or what your station in life is (is there any higher than FLOTUS) if you're black, you are still a second class citizen.<br/>I want to become like Michelle Obama by giving up my biases,  listening to others, and looking for our likenesses rather than our differences.
 Just finished listening to Michelle Obama’s “Becoming”. 19 hours in one week. It was revealing and human. I learned so much about the White House. At some points I was like “The Obama’s are #relationshipgoals” and then I’d think “How could he/she stay with her/him?!?” Sometimes she was kind of whiny or boring but that set her up as a foil to Barack. Their relationship is pretty interesting.<br/><br/>Mostly I’m left with the feeling that we had it so good with such a devoted eloquent wonk at the helm and what we have now is even more deeply appalling.
 Let me start by saying the beginning was a little slow for me, but it was so necessary to have the back story for what it truly meant to become Michelle Obama. It is a must read for all women of all backgrounds. You can find a piece of you in the pages or motivation for your journey.  I am an educator and a president of a non profit. I chose to use my Christmas break reading this book. Some of my teachers and friends are having a book club meeting to explore the various themes and nuggets tucked in the pages of this book. Teacher salaries don’t lend itself to purchasing the tickets to join the book tour, but we can participate at a grassroots level by holding our own discussions. The Obamas gave a lot to show the world the best of us and not the exception but what a lot of our families look and feel like. They did it with the dignity and class that my grandmother always expected from all of us. This book gives you enough information to understand the sacrifice and know that it deserves for the benefits to outweigh the cost. That can happen if we continue to support and do the work described in these pages. “Let’sMove in more ways than one!
 This book had terrible printing quality.  There were numerous pages that the print was missing.  Very disappointing to take this book on vacation only to find almost a dozen pages missing the print.
 Many people have hopes to Become. Some begin their quest on a level playing field. Others must first climb over too many barricades to reach that field. But those who finally do, exhibit a strength of spirit and inner determination that shines a lighted path for those who may follow. Michelle Obama is a star whose light will shine the way for so many others who are trying to imagine and follow their dreams. Mrs. Obama, you have reached way beyond whatever you dreamed of becoming, and our nation and history will always be grateful.
 I can't say enough good things about the former first ladies book. It reveals the side of her and her family that is open  ,honest and deeply caring. I was thrilled to get to see the side of their lives that was personal and professional. She really brings you into her life from before the white house and during their lives in the white house.
 This book has been eye opening and a roller coaster of emotions for me.  I can relate to the directness of being a protective mother.  While I am not a woman of color, I am a woman.  Mrs. Obama is a woman of grace and dignity living in a world that has lost sight of this accomplishment.  If you don't read any other books this, READ THIS ONE.  Truly inspiring.
 I found this "autobiography" a heartwarming and intimate look into the life of a person who should be much admired and copied for her dedication to enlightening and uplifting young women in today's world. The stories about her childhood and growing up on the south side of Chicago is very relatable to the way a lot of people were raised and living during those years. I would recommend this book to everyone.
 This book chronicles Michelle Obama's life in a way that is relatable and down to earth.  I found it to be a story of the joys, trials and worries we all carry with us as parents, friends, and partners, maneuvering our way through raising kids AND keeping sane with work, friendships, family life, etc.  The only difference is this particular story is told from the perspective of a much grander scale, given her role as FLOTUS.  I was able to relate to her on all levels, as a kid growing up in a fairly tight neighborhood, with family nearby, and saddled with the angst and concerns that come to us all.  As she matured and became a wife and mother I found that her concerns were not unlike my own on a day to day basis:  keeping our children safe, giving them a good education,  hoping all the while that they will become well adjusted, productive adults.  However, she had the additional burden of keeping them humble in the face of privilege, the much bigger effort involved in remaining committed to their community, and the additional skill it took in pursuing family interests outside the oval office.  These tasks were not easy as she writes about the safety concerns and protective requirements that are part of being the first family.  But I found her anecdotes and stories to be heartfelt and truthful and am happy that she felt confident enough to share them with us.  Two thumbs up!
 You won’t really know Michelle Obama without reading her remarkable story. Born to a working couple on Chicago’s South Side, she was raised to not only be her own person, but also to inspire girls of the world to respect education as the path to equality and achievement— and to make positive change in a world that desperately needs our better angels.
 I could not put this treasure of a book down and am sad to have completed this rich and honest look into the first family's life. Thank you, Mrs. Obama, for sharing your truth and allowing us to be part of your journey and history. I am forever changed and guided by your words.
 Bad printing -- numerous pages were illegible from printing too faint to read, or completely blank.  Brick and mortar book stores do not report this problem with this recent title.
 This memoir is a delightful reflection of our former first lady Michelle Obama. I love how smart, determined, and graceful she has remained. She is passionate about education, children and nutrition. I wish I had the opportunity to meet Mrs. Obama in person. I am truly appreciated of the time she spent as our graceful first lady along with her husband (former president Barack Obama). Their dedication to this country will be felt long after their leave from the White House. We are living in a time of uncertainty defined by narcissism, bigotry, racism and fear. Thank you for this thought provoking book!
 I pre-ordered this book in October and received it today. Look forward to reading it.
 I went through a time in my life when the only type of book I enjoyed reading was the Memoir. As a writer in many forms over the years, I find reading someone's to always be fascinating and important, no matter what their history.<br/><br/>This is one of the finest memoirs that I have read in many years. I say that because of where we stand in this country today.<br/><br/>I have people close to me who could not read and respect Michelle Obama's truth. They would spin over the political comments and history she touts. But, I noted that I was 2/3 of the way done with this book when I read the first anti-Republican remark that jumped out at me.<br/><br/>But, by  that point, I had read so much of Michelle's voice that I connected with, that I felt I was learning a new perspective from some a whole lot like myself, despite our vastly different upbringings.<br/>She talks often about her hope for our young people and a new country built on tolerance, Grace and respect for differences. But I see a younger generation of kids who are quick to group think and shame. I think it will be up to my generation to continue to teach and reach for a more tolerant and loving tone.<br/><br/>I don't know how much help Obama had in writing her memoir. She credits a great many editors at the end. I probably highlighted 10 different places where the words really spoke to me with such Grace. And, a part of me is OK with the thought of a group of all types of folks working together to create something that has the potential to change minds.  I think that is really the point of her writings.
 I have been a huge fan of Barack Obama from the first moment I heard him. I loved his book, " The Audacity of Hope." The title alonen defines him.<br/> What I didn't know was what an extraordinary woman Michelle is. Loved every moment of this book. I believe history will one day have to admit that Barack was the best president we've ever had and undoubtedly Michelle was the best First Lady.
 Michelle Obama, Becoming is now a trademark, a standard, a ritual of optimism that has universally reset the stage. A guide for the faithless, the hopeless, and the unknown---- the invisible.
 A book for all to read. A wonderful tour into the life of one of the most historical families in our life time. Truly an inspirational read. Highly recommend. I took so much from this book and plan to be an encouragement to others just like Michelle. She is an Awesome Woman.
 This book is amazing.  Michelle Obama did a wonderful job of telling her life story.  I did not know her background or where she was from.  She is such a warm authentic person.  I highly recommend her book.  You will learn a lot about her and her family.  You will also learn a lot about what it is like to live in the White House as a member of the presidential family.  I love that her mother stayed with them the entire 8 years to support them.  I respected her and her husband before reading this book, and now I respect them even more.
 I always liked what I saw of Michelle Obama before and through her husband’s presidency, but I didn’t know the details of her story.  I loved reading about her time growing up in Chicago.  What a remarkable story about her remarkable family.  I knew more about the time in the White House but really enjoyed learning more about it.  This book is informative and encouraging.
 I was already a Michelle Obama fan. I watched her make her talk show rounds promoting the book and knew I would get it once it came out.  It didn't disappoint and she included several full color pictures.
 I already knew I loved Mrs. Obama but this book just made me love her even more. There is so much more to her than I could have imagined. This book made me cry a few times, but in a good way. The story of her getting to know Barack just gave me the chills. "Becoming" also helped me understand why she will not run for president herself. Still don't want to accept it,  but I understand.
 I very much enjoyed learning about Michelle Obama and her family, life before and during the White House years.  I feel a closeness to her. Having experienced a small amount of racial indifference growing; part Native American and female. I lived with knowing my father didn't really accept me, because I was suppose to be a boy.  My future was to grow up a be a wife and mother, no expectations of college. Reading about Michelle Obama, I find myself ending her in a lot of ways.  I truly hope she reconsidered a run for president, I know it's a lot to ask; I think she would be great.
 And I have read a lot, as a 75+ woman, retired professor, and political junky, mother, grandmother, and professional. I cannot recommend this more highly. I could not put it down. Michelle has opened her life and soul in a way few do, or could. And there is so much to be learned by those of us who never had to walk in her shoes. Historic and Awesome!
 If you're looking for some political dirt, go elsewhere.  This is a book about a real family and how politics takes over your life.  The book is also about the struggle to hold onto values when it would be much easier to give in.  It is well written and easy to read.  Being from Chicago, I could relate to all the Chicago references.  My thanks to the Obama family for their commitment and sacrifice.
 I appreciate the simplicity of this book. It’s a straightforward glimpse of a woman growing up and raising a family with some unique challenges.  It had never occurred to me that the First Lady had a choice in who she could be, only that there were expectations of who she should be.<br/>This book also seeded many more wonderings about the state of our great nation and human nature. Thank you for the new perspective and reminder that we live in a world where there are good people doing good things in spite of the challenges that come along.
 The queen herself wrote a fine fetching book, that deftly handles the horrible dark side of America that the meer existence of the Obama family seemed to dredge up, and it shows again howc dignity, class, integrity, and faith in ones self and a higher purpose can, as they always have in the past, rise above this most recent wave of vile puerile toxicity in our society.
 I recommend this book for everyone. Michelle Obama opens up about her life before and after marrying Barack. One feels what it is like to grow up on the Southside of Chicago in a living black family, how she found her way in college and law school, her romance with Obama, her life as wife and mother and First Lady. Well written, honest, and very interesting.
 This was an excellent book. It was personal, inspirational, and yet managed to not fall into that trap of being "cheesy and overwrought". Michelle Obama is a treasure, although according to her, she's just a typical girl from the South Side of Chicago. This was a wonderful insight into what it's like being a normal person who gets swept up into the fascinating and often frustrating world of politics because she married a man who "saw his way of giving back to his commmunity" by becoming President. But make no mistake, this is HER story and it's one that needed to be told.
 I loved this book by Michelle Obama.  She really puts herself out there and tells her truth in a courageous and honest way.  Some slower sections, but mostly a good read and very informative.  I think she is the most perfect wife for Barrack Obama, and she has been a wonderful nurturing mother to her girls.  I am a Republican, but I find the story of the Obamas rise to fame very compelling.  They are very upright and good people, of that there is no question.  I am grateful that they are in our world!!  Highly recommended!
 Astounding!!! I love how open Mrs. Obama was in telling her life’s story. It’s a true American tale, from the struggles of making ends meet, to living inside that house (in her case the ultimate,  THE WHITE HOUSE) with the white picket fence. I understood her struggles, her pain and her joy. I also enjoyed reading about our former president in his early years. I see now how he became president. Obama just believed in the American people and our ability to change for the better. I truly appreciate how Mrs. Obama was open about her struggle with conceiving and she ultimately decided on invitro fertilization.  I am a certified nurse midwife and encounter many women with the same problem. Thank you Mrs. Obama for telling women that it is alright to conceive a child this way. I enjoyed reading the book so much, I also purchased the audio version and hearing Mrs. Obama voice tell her story is priceless.
 You’re giving a glimpse into how she became the First Lady and the struggles with her husband wanting to run for a political office. I loved this is her story about how she got here. There was no self pity. She is a strong, beautiful, courageous woman that’s provided grace as the first African-American First Lady. It explains so much.
 Reading this on a Kindle isn't like holding a book in your hand, but the reading is the same. Hard, to stop reading, hoping it won't end. This amazing woman is pure inspiration.<br/>Thank you.
 I loved this book. It’s beautifully written, inspiring and genuine. Mrs Obama opens up about her feelings and her life much more than I expected in a very honest and down-to-earth way.  Anyone wishing to know more about this woman and her family will really enjoy this book.  I’m betting those who have written dismissive and disparaging reviews here have not actually read it, don’t like her and her husband for political reasons and are just being nasty.  Ignore them.  When they go low, we go high.
 I have never met Michelle Obama. I do not know this inspiring, accomplished, wonderful woman. But having read her book, which is beautiful and compelling,  I feel I know how she sees, makes sense of, and loves the world and its people.  Thank you for sharing yourself, Michelle, with this book and in all of your years of service.
 I read this book cover to cover over a weekend where I had to take two 6-hour flights. To say it is an easy read is an understatement. The style is so conversational and if your background and culture is similar to Michelle's you can definitely relate on so many levels. She was able to articulate very complex feelings in a way that made me say, 'I couldn't have said it better' or 'that's exactly how I feel'. I gifted four copies to friends and loaned my copy to my mom. Good job M.O.!
 Michelle Obama writes with such open ease, relating her childhood memories, her family interactions, her views on relationships, politics and the future.  One of the things I thought was particularly funny was that she did not want to go to certain little girlfriends' homes because of the way they treated their dolls!  She was very observant of others early on and made her life choices carefully.  I thought I would read the book in small sections but I could not put it down.  A great sense of humor.  Delightful.
 I am so sad that I have come to the end of this book. I read it very slowly so that I could treasure and taste every section. Michelle Obama’s life so far, is not only interesting but very meaningful and worthwhile to learn from as she goes into the depths of her soul to share who she is, and how she expresses her purposeful being. At times her story is riveting and with perspective, she brings humor and always a graceful kind presence. I have already told eight friends they must read it and there will be many many more.
 Until I began reading, I wasn't sure what she meant by the title - but it  makes sense.  Each"Becoming"  carries you through  the progressive stages that took her from being a little girl to becoming the First Lady.  Excellent writing and easy to read because it keeps It  you moving through each  phase.  I think you'll enjoy it as I did.
 I bought this audio cd book and I'm loving it. Thank You Michele your book is wonderful and the best is it's you telling your story. I recomend everyone buying a copy of it. love you!
 This is a book with so many messages and ideas for high schoolers, college students, graduates, career planners -- everyone, male and female.  Granted, Michelle Obama is an incredible one-of-a-kind individual, but the book gave me so many ideas and inspirations, I have recommended it to everyone I know.  There aren't many books one reads that stay with you for weeks after, or that make you laugh and cry throughout ... but this one did.  Just an outstanding read ... and even Republicans would get a lot out of it!
 I chose to read this book because I wanted know more about Michelle. I also wanted to know how they made it to the white House .There was always hope in everything they did.It showed me to never give up ,There will always be hope.This is a good book.I couldn't hardly put it down. Michelle told about her family struggles .She also told about she and her husband struggles. She let us know that she's an ordinary person that have fulfilled her life with hope.I recommend this book to anyone who wants to furfil their dream.
 Honest, forthright autobiography of an inspiring, self made woman. Raised in a modest neighborhood, with a focus on education and support of family, Michelle took advantage of all avenues of the schools she attended. Rooted with the support of her mother, always making sure her daughter’s classroom met her scholastic challenges and a disabled, hardworking father, Michelle Robinson Obama continues to “give back” to her community as well as our nation.<br/>Well written and heartwarming story of a great woman.
 Wonderful glimpse into the life, mind, and heart of our beloved First Lady. Her dignity, grace, poise, dedication, and open heart have always commanded my respect and this book just proves why.
 Loved the book  l looked forward to the time I could sit and read.  Her sharing of her life reflects her becoming an extraordinary person from a normal beginning through hard work, education and supportive parents. She is a role model for young girls. Look forward to her ongoing contributions for the country and the world.
 I hope that everyone reads this amazing book. If you do start reading it, I suggest that you continue to read the entire book, especially the part where Obama is elected President of the United States of America but hasn't taken office yet. It's simply astounding what First families go through to get adjusted to their future in the White House.
 I'm grateful to Mrs. Obama for sharing of herself and her experiences with all of us. I wish I could spend time with her as she embodies such grace and a forthrightness that is refreshing and inspiring. I cannot imagine what would compel a one-star review by anyone who reads this. But that message lies in the pages of this great book.
 A true insight into who Michelle Robinson Obama is!  What she, her brother, parents and her husband Barack 's true struggles, visions and hopes were/are not just for themselves but for their daughters and ALL the people of this great country we call home.  From joyous moments to truly, truly heart breaking events, this window into their lives inside the White House was mind boggling yet so very inspirational.  We all must remember to use our voice for GOOD to Become.  Thank you to you and Barack for a "job" well done.  God bless.
 I have always been a big fan of Michelle Obama, but now after reading her book, I see her as a bright star, offering us hope in this time of unprecedented destruction of our democracy. Her writing is personal and intimate: I felt as if she were sitting across from me, telling her story, as if I were a close friend.<br/><br/>I learned much about Obama as father, husband, President. It was very comforting reading about a president who is a gentleman, caring, compassionate, a man of integrity and high moral character. The way a president should be. (Sigh)
 I was offered this book for free. It is nothing but predictable drivil. It is fan fiction without all the reality of Michelle Obama.
 I have always admired Michelle and I am not at all surprised that she wrote such an inspirational and uplifting book.  I highly recommend!
 Brilliant, compassionate, extraoardinary for her message which is appreciated universally, beyond the US borders. Excellent, smooth writing flow  celebrating the importance of family, culture, community values. I did not want to stop reading nor the book to end so humane,impactful is her story. Michelle possesses a refined and profound mind, sustained by an indomitable will and a graceful disposition towards others, be it an opponent or a stranger.<br/>This book needs to be read and known everywhere in our tormented world. It will conquer your heart and mind forever. Unforgettable.onyspin
 An incredibly down to earth look at what it took to be the first lady of the land and still remain a real person.  The remarkable integrity it takes to hear such awful lies about yourself and the people you loved most in the world and still maintain you dignity.  Michelle Obama is one classy lady. I'm glad I lived in the same time frame.
 I’ve always been a fan of the Obamas. However, after reading this enlightened story, I’m a bigger fan now! The book was extremely “real”, showcasing the fears and processes the family went through. The dignity and integrity all of they showed, even with the power they held, is what makes them a favorite. I wish we had more families like them overseeing democracy.
 I so enjoyed seeing Michelle "become"! She could not have done a better job of allowing the reader insight into her personal life but also politically. She validates a lot of my own ideas about how things actually happen in politics. While I have been disappointed, I will take a page from her book and remain positive that the spirit of America will eventually overcome the present movement of the country. I admire Michelle Obama for being the woman she is and I thank her for sharing her story so beautifully!
 enjoyable Reading. Worth the purchase.
 I enjoyed learning about Michelle's journey through life and her experiences in the White House. She is an impressive role model and speaks in an honest and down-to-earth style. I highly recommend this book!
 I absolutely love this book, in both hard copy and Audible. It's powerful and inspiring. My sister friends and I went to see our FLOTUS Michelle Obama a couple of weeks ago in DC, and yes our POTUS Barack Obama surprised us with his graceful presence. Our book club is hosting a book discussion at our holiday party in a few weeks, and we are so excited. This book is definitely a world's best seller ... a Wall Street best seller. Thank you Amazon for providing your services to let us have this awesome book. #IAmForever44
 I enjoyed getting to know the Obamas through the eyes of Michelle.  She and Barack grew throughout their lives and seemingly continue to grow as people.  Michelle spoke openly about their respective weaknesses, strengths, mistakes and triumphs. She's the kind of person anyone would enjoy having as a friend and/or neighbor.
 Loved this book!  A really great read and Such an awesome life! The Marriage Equality sneak out story was really awesome. Love You Michele Obama.<br/><br/>I'm Proud Harris County Convention Delegate for B. Obama
 I could not put this book down Michelle is down to earth, warm lovely lady.  Every woman who has a problem believing themselves  to re evaluate themselves. I'm happy for the Obama family. I really hated for the story to end. Michelle  is a truely a Great lady as a wife, mother, and first Lady. I wish them the very best.
 I had always admired Mrs. Obama's sense of style and substance as First Lady, but this autobiography gives you an amazing insight into what a tremendous leader she is. Coming from humble beginnings, seeking the best education possible, giving up work for a huge paycheck to produce work that provided her satisfaction. I have a newfound respect for how much she worried about her relationships and her family as her husband entered the most cutthroat political environment possible, and I'm grateful that she was determined as First Lady to develop her own ways to make a meaningful contribution to our country. This is a must read for anyone, but I think it would be especially inspirational for teens and young women! "Yes, you can" resounds throughout this book.
 Bought it for my daughters to read.
 Inspiring, uplifting, most of all, honest. This book changed my heart in ways hard to explain. So many takeaways but the simplest, most basic one will perhaps stay with me longest. It is the profound power of parents. This remarkable woman was shaped and guided by the devotion and fierce advocacy of her parents. She pays that forward in ways large and small. She reminds us that it is the nurturing of children that ultimately changes the world. Thank you for this book.
 Truthful, from the heart, and incredibly interesting from the first page to the last.  I know I’ll re-read this, and look forward to watching what Michelle Obama does next.
 I eagerly awaited Michele Obama's autobiography, "Becoming", and it did not disappoint. The book was divided into 3 sections; her time growing up in Chicago, college and early years of working and marriage, and the years in the White House. Each section was candidly written in a very interesting style. I recommend this book to everyone who appreciated all the beneficial work she did for our country. Even more, I recommend it to all young people because it gives one an idea of what is possible in life with hard work and determination!
 Michelle Obama is, in her words, an ordinary person who lived an extraordinary 8 years in the White House. But her life is much more: an account of determination, grace and power of achievement both alone and in concert with many others who shared her goals and dreams. This book is a celebration of and a testament to her strength and intelligence and love under pressure. It is hopeful and inspirational and well worth reading twice.
 A story told in a very distinctive and optimistic Voice by a brilliant and inspiring person. This title is very apt, as it details, not just one fascinating Life, but also an inspirational and uplifting perspective on how to become one's best self. Reassuring in the age in which we live. Upbeat, positive and joyful.
 This memoir offers an intimate portrait of a woman, both real and iconic, along with a rare behind-the-scenes view of life in the white house. More than that, it is inspiring and uplifting, piercing through today’s darkness and cynicism with a brilliant ray of hope.
 I love non-fiction. Love learning about all kinds of people, and Mrs. Obama was no exception. Her book is thoughtful and insightful. I grew up in a predominantly white middle class town, with very little exposure to people of color. However, I also lived in West Africa as an adult for 4 years where I was the minority. While I didn’t agree with all of Mrs. Obama’s political views, I firmly believe she is like most mothers...she simply wants a better world for her children, and ultimately her grandchildren. I learned a little about what it was like to grow up on the southside of Chicago, live in the White House, and everything that came with both of those experiences (what? You paid for your own food??). But I also learned that regardless of the color of our skin, she and I grew up in a similar home; one with loving, but strict, parents. One where education was important. Highly recommend this book, regardless of your political views
 More than hope..a journey, honest, eloquent and realistic. Michelle shared her life, her struggles and how she sometimes painfully overcame them. Sometimes she just endured. It’s a life struggle that any woman can identify with..the art of becoming gracefully. Who better than Michelle to emulate. A roadmap to self inventory and discovery.
 I don't usually like autobiographies, but this one stands alone as a true masterpiece. Following all the Obamas through 8 years of presidentiall-style living, it was beautifully written with a plethora of details and poignant moments.  Michelle's story touched on sensitive subjects which she brilliantly described and parsed. This was definitely a "must read".
 Now we can read the back story of michelle beginning in Chicago through present day. This is an American story shared to tell the real life of Michelle Obama on her journey to become a great leader as well as First Lady to Barack.  It’s s great read!
 Read It !!!!!!!!!  PLEASE !!!!!!!  THANK YOU. Honestly you will not regret it. It will enlighten your knowledge about the "Bible, white house and white people" and your governing body which no one has ever told you the truth about. As well as where certain people Stan in these UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
 I followed the 44th family closely in the press, but this book gave me new insight into the lives of this president and First Lady. I am so proud that our country twice chose such a stellar president and that the package came with a most intelligent, striving, optimistic, and forward thinking Michelle Obama. She is not afraid to tell the story like it is and how it needs to be heard. I pity the person who doesn’t get the chance to read this book because it will help you learn how to be a better human being with love and hope for humanity and our country. Thank you, Mrs. Obama.
 I didnt want to put it down.
 Worth waiting for. Not read yet.
 Michele turns out to be a terrific writer. I love her even more now having read about her childhood.  And I love her husband even more now knowing how he treats her.
 This book is the voice of a woman bo th h ordinary and extraordinary who has chosen to shine a light on all the good she witnessed in her tenure as First Lady. Her writing style is as direct and unassuming as she appeared to us on stage. Her story is at times laugh out loud funny but more often heartbreaking as she describes her encounters with ordinary Americans, service people and their families and victims of gun violence. For someone like me, who has a hard time with rude drivers on the freeway, the way she thinks and lives is as rare and refined as a saint or as Nelson Mandela, the man she said was her inspiration. To women everywhere, no matter what race, religion or culture, I say read this book. You will feel uplifted and inspired in your own life and encouraged too because Mrs. Obama makes you feel empowered. Simply put, her message is one of optimism and hope.
 I loved this story with all it's honesty and integrity and compassion.  A beautiful journey of a beautiful woman who I find incredible and approachable. True inspiration in this topsy turvy world.  We need so many more people like her and her story inspires anyone to be better too. Thank you Michelle Obama.
 Outstanding book , I wanted to read more!
 First off,, I am a fan of hers in that she has grace and dignity.  I read this to see what it was like to be in and then out, of the White House as First Lady. It's informative, personal and a journey through her life as a young girl all the way to the present time.  I'm glad it wasn't too political and appreciated that she shared some of the trials leading up to the elections and how things evolved for them as a couple and family. I found it interesting and am sharing with friends.
 I belong to a book club.  I took this to one meeting in November and several people decided it would be our book of the month for the first of the year (January).  However, I have read my copy already, and I feel so close to the Obama family now.  I have ordered 5 copies for family and friends.  This is a great read.
 Two days before someone gave me a hardcopy of "Becoming," I had downloaded it onto my Kindle and began to immerse myself into it. I was happy to have the hardcopy as well in case I ever get to meet Mrs. Obama, shake her hand, and have my copy of her book signed by her. The openness and honesty that is shared in this book is so perfect. Before reading the book, I had decided that this woman is one of my heroes and she will always and forever continue to be. The insight into her life has been wonderful.
 Michelle has such a grounded voice and a unique perspective on her years in the White House. I appreciate how her early story tied into who she became over the course of her experiences. She is truly a great lady.
 Great book,
 I'm a fan of Mrs. Obama - from everything she has accomplished to the dignity and grace she exemplifies every day. After reading Becoming, I feel like she is someone I could be friends with. I wish this book had been around when I was a teen. It's an eye opener about privilege, diversity and strength of spirit. I appreciate her candor and her positivity. Read this book not as a Democrat or a Republican or a Libertarian, but as a human being and get to know another exceptional human being.
 Book arrived on time and in tact.  What a wonderful read we have.  Read through comments and disdain for MO is evident.  The most hilarious of all the comments is when these underachievers try to discredit MO’s self proclaimed “working class” title.  I guess these folks expected MO to work hard and not be promoted.  “Working Class” does entitle one to promotion(s).  These comments must be from those of whom are expecting the industries of the past to return.  Must be dangerously coal mining.
 Enjoyed reading this moving biography on our former first lady.  Loved her candid discussions of growing up in Chicago and her movement into her professional life and her life as First Lady. Felt her concern and care for our nation as she tried to keep some semblance of a normal life for her family.
 Enlightening!<br/><br/>"When they go low, we go higher."<br/><br/>Let's keep the optimism and the grace that characterized Obama family as a flag that represents our compassion and our fight for an inclusive democracy. Let's discuss everything in the light of respect and civility.<br/><br/>Thank you for being such an inspiration, Michelle Obama!
 Michelle Obama has been my favorite First Lady in my lifetime (I was born when Truman was president).  Her memoir not only informed and uplifted me, but gave my spirit focus and hope.  Her start in Chicago was not poverty, but it certainly wasn't material wealth.  She acknowledges the family and friends who shaped her growing up were the reason for her strength and courage.  In sharing her story, I was truly impressed with her honesty; and her prose is excellent.  This goes on my list of best books of 2018.
 There is not enough space to describe the  many emotions that I am feeling.  After reading President Obama's book about Hope, I knew that he was only person that our Country needed as President and not because he happened to be an African American.  After reading this book so tenderly written by a woman of substance, I seriously doubt that our President could have become as effective as he was without our First Lady by his side.  They were a team of two unique individuals  who brought wonderful changes for positive growth and vision to our nation.
 I really have to say Michelle Obama is my favorite first lady. The book proves she is a very honest hard working woman. Loved the book.<br/>Trump shame on you. Shut up for all our country's sake.<br/>I am a woman, a vet, a mom, and now a nurse. I'm proud of all women who continue to do the difficult work of being a mom, plus have demanding jobs.<br/>Michelle thank you, you made us proud women of this wonderful country.
 Reading “Becoming” felt like spending the weekend with Michelle Obama and getting to better know a woman I respect deeply, am grateful for and yet, have never met. She is an exceptional woman whose life has followed an extraordinary path and on these pages she brings us onboard for the journey. Beautiful.
 I felt as though I was sitting in the same room with Michelle Obama and having a conversation.  This book is truly a must read. She made me feel the struggles, laugh at situations and grieve at some of the experiences she shared.  I am so glad I own this book and have recommended it to many.  Though, I have to confess, while engrossed in this book, I found myself in despair over what our country has become. She exudes such hope and now there seems to be none.
 It is mind boggling the number of opportunities Michelle's parents were able to provide her while growing up in one of the most undesirable places in the country.  Everyone knows south Chicago and it's not a place anyone would willingly choose to grow up in.  I think Michelle's disabled father is the true hero in this story; a person who never owned a home or went to college but was able to put his daughter through Princeton as public utility worker.  I admire Michelle for having the courage to follow her heart and give up a lucrative career to do what she loved.  A truly enjoyable read.
 To start I want to say that I NEVER write reviews for books, or anything really, but this book was so good I could not hold my thoughts to myself. Michelle writes candidly, in a moving way - the book reads almost like a novel it is so well written. She lets readers into the depths of her life before, during and after the White House. She shares truths that will resonate with so many people, both women and men and brings light to the (still) ongoing prejudiced society we live in, without making anyone feel alienated. The book is raw, but positive and will give you hope for the future of America and your own life, even in this current period we are in. Bravo Michelle, BRAVO.
 It's refreshing to read a memoir where the author doesn't try to present a constructed persona of themself...or does so in a way that doesn't sand down all the rough edges that make a person interesting--and human. MRO reveals herself to be driven, ambitious, and at times critical. This is (unsurprisingly) a well written book: my only critique is that narrative becomes (perhaps out of necessity) less detailed in the White House years. Michelle Obama is no politician. A shame, really.
 I was not a huge supporter of the Obama family, but I have always enjoyed biographies. This one didn't disappoint and, in fact, gave me perspective into the back story of family who never really set out for the journey they took. It definitely becomes political at the end, but Michelle Obama speaks from her heart and holds nothing back.
 To start off with:  I love Michelle Obama.  In this book, her childhood, education and experiences are told with honesty and a strong message of, "If I can do this, you can!"  She admits her fears and insecurities and details how she overcame them to grow in her personhood and her spirit.  Well written, honest, inspiring.
 Simply the best book I've read! It's been a tough and ugly two years, but the love, compassion and dignity of the Obama family still resonates and gives us reasons to keep hoping!
 It was all great.....such honesty and truth.<br/>I loved the history of both Obama's background and Michelle's.  It made the story of their love and their path together so much more real and rich with the tapestry of their lives and how it intertwined with those of us that love and support them.<br/>"Becoming" was a great book and wonderful story of two people who lives and decisions have impacted and changed the lives of many people across the world and it was so beautifully written. I highly recommend it!
 I found myself connecting to Mrs. Obama in ways I never thought I would. Our upbringings were different and yet I still felt very connected to her resilience and persistence. It was also nice to see history unfold through her eyes and get to see behind the curtain of political campaigns, political families, and the White House. I now want to read President Obama’s books.
 I enjoyed every page of her book. I admire Michelle Obama as she is a excellent author and a couragous woman. This is an excellent read!
 Yes!!!  Great book.  Excited to receive it.
 Great great read!  Michelle allowed us to see “her” which I love because it’s hard to have your own identity when u are married to someone who is out front!  Thank you Michelle for speaking to the heart of women everywhere and showing us that regardless of where we are we can create and be who we are while “Becoming!”
 The best book I have read in such a long time. Michelle Obama's story of the south side of Chicago to the white house is a remarkable story with wonderful detail.  I lost hours of sleep because I couldn't stop reading.  Looking at Barack's election and the life in the White House was such a revealing story, the back story of what it was like to live it.  Her recall and detail and her love for her husband, children and her country shine through on every page.  Read it!
 I enjoyed every page from cover to cover. Two problems: 1 - It was over too soon; I couldn't put it down. 2 - I definitely now think she will not run for President although she'd do a great job and I'd vote for her in 2020.<br/><br/>I bought it for my mother and she loved it too. &lt;3
 Unlike many autobiographies of public figures, Michelle Obama's account is a compelling read because it is offered in such an intimate, authentic voice. She draws the reader into her confidences - not salacious revelations, but sensitive insights about the small but critical moments of life and the choices that lead us to become the people we are. It's a remarkable story - as Barack Obama would say, a uniquely American one. It draws the curtain back for readers to see aspects of our America many of us never lived, but recognize, and to see it with the honesty and compassion of Michelle Obama's vision.
 "Becoming" is a thorough and interesting account of a woman's life, from the south side of Chicago to a place few make it to: the White House. Michelle Obama's recounting of her life is fascinating, and nostalgic for those of us on the outside looking in during Barack Obama's campaign and presidency. I recommend this title to not only Michelle Obama fans, but history and political wonks interested in the inner workings of the role of a First Lady, and how she juggles family and her own needs in the public, and overly discerning, eye.
 I highly recommend this book to everyone ,especially my women friends !!!  What an inspiration she is and what a perfect model of a First Lady.  She is so real in letting us know what kind of person she is and how she grew in maturity and wisdom.  God bless her family. Especially her mother Miriam , her dad Fraser and brother Craig.  She was blessed and destined to meet Barack and marry him. What a great couple they are and good parents as well !  May they continue to inspire Americans to get involved and serve others .
 Phenomenal memoir and a must read!! It was lovely to walk through your story from your viewpoint and I'm looking forward to seeing you speak on your book tour! Keep on inspiring us!!
 I received my book at 230pm &amp; stayed up and read 2/3 of it by 1230am.  She comes across in the book just as she has all these years in public.  Intelligent, funny, charming, classy,  "real" &amp; honest.  Raised in the Midwest in a blue collar family, I related to many things.  She is so genuine &amp; funny.  She'd be great BFF.
 Book is well written. Too bad the printing failed in too many pages. You can see very light printing on the page but you can't read it.
 Meh....
 Just found out this is the best selling book of 2018 already. It deserves it. I was riveted by it and couldn't put it down.<br/>It was so interesting to read about how she came a relatively poor family from the ghetto area of the Southside of Chicago. Her parents sacrificed so she could pursue educational opportunities, and she was very intelligent. This is a modern Horatio Alger story. This is why we need to spend more tax money on education for all children.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this book for all Americans. We can be very proud of this great human being!
 I highly recommend this book. Michelle Obama is an amazing woman with an amazing a true life story to tell. Her accomplishments while First Lady are amazing. She is truly a role model to all the young ladies of the world. What a better world we  can aspire to because of her efforts.
 I just finished this incredible book and hated to see it end. It took me through the South side of Chicago to the White House, as if I had accompanied the Obama’s on the journey. It is honest, inspiring, dedicated to anyone who thinks they don’t count or couldn’t accomplish what others have done. Thank you to Michelle Obama for taking the time to write. It also made me sad at the current state of politics as delivered on the news and social media. I look forward to the next election in hopes of having a family of integrity again who also have a sense of humor.
 This book is honest and candid.  Reading it feels so intimate.  It is as though you are having a one-on-one conversation with her.  She lets us see her as she is while she is always Becoming....<br/><br/>I sat in the nose bleed section of a 25,000 seat arena for Mrs. Obama’s book tour.  With my daughters and 5 grandchildren, we were amazed that we all felt her presence, she is so dynamic - we felt that we were in the front row.  The experience was also very personal.<br/><br/>She connects us all.  She connects WITH us all.
 I bought this book as a Christmas gift for my wife and she indicated it was one of the best presents that I could have given her this year! Very positive in every way and that is what we need in this negative world we seem to be living in these days!  She and Obama were a real asset to the American people and we miss them very much!!
 She finally proud for this country as she makes Millions, as the 1st lady, she did nothing to advance the black community.
 I could hear Michelle Obama's voice so clearly as I read her chapters.  When she speaks of her life with Barack, I could hear his voice at a time when our nation is so clearly lacking a good leader.  It reminds me of the goals so many of us have for our great nation and it's people..
 I appreciated how Michelle Obama was unapologetic about what it means to be a black woman in America. At the same time she doesn’t deny the uniqueness of people different from her.  Overall, the book is insightful, humble, and well-written.
 Who could not want to read this book.  During these crazy times, reading this book instill hope again just as the Obama's did during  their time in the white house.  I loved the book and miss the Obamas.
 This book illustrates the four concentric circles that make up Michelle Obama's life and the source of her strength: Family, Community, Nation, the World. Firmly rooted in the first circle, her life expands into the outer circles until her emerges as a world figure. Fittingly, only the last quarter of the book deals with her White House years, so you have a profound view, written with deceptive simplicity, of remarkable individual growth and transformation.
 This is an excellent well written book!  It shows what  education and hard work can accomplish regardless of your financial begining in life.  This writer perhaps was not raised with a lot of money but she had two intelligent, hard working parents who saw to it that their children were loved and taught what counted in life, respecting others and good manners!  Michelle and Barack have Class and that is something money cannot buy!<br/>She raised her two daughters with the same ethic  though now without financial worry.<br/>Michelle did not forget what was important in life and remembers her roots and  is  very proud of her upbringing.<br/>Michelle and Barack Obama are both very kind hearted and try to bring the best out of those they meet.  They are champions of the poor and downtrodden!<br/><br/>"Becoming" is a book to be read and learned from.
 Excellent book; but I love Michelle Obama.  It was interesting right from the very beginning and my favorite part was when he began to be a pupil of hers.  Got some details as to how he lived his life, what was important to him and how messy HE is. I always like those little tidbits into what the person is all about.<br/><br/>I wanted to read it when it first came out and once again Amazon had a fantastic price so I got it pretty soon after it came out.
 It is a real accounting of the struggles to become on the partner track at just the right law firm. And what happens when you start over. It is meeting the perfect guy who is a little more laid back than you like, but taking a wonderful adventure with him. It is a bail about raising children and going to couples therapy. It is recounting of the ups and downs of being the leader in chief. It is warm. It is funny. I miss the Obama family in the White House.
 I'm glad I read this book for its historical perspective, and even more for learning her specific story, the telling of which often allowed me to forget who she was and just learn about her early life. It is well but unpretentiously written. Her story is an important one to know, especially in the context of our nation's past and present. I do love that she so consistently continues to honor where she came from and to work at helping people on early paths like hers.
 Well-written, inspirational, and exciting. One of the more fast-paced memoirs I’ve read. I loved the stories of her childhood and glimpses inside the White House, and any mother can relate to the challenges she faced as a working mother. I’m pretty sure that the one-star reviews are from Red Hats who never even opened this book!
 Touching and poignant. A careful yet honest unveiling into the girl and woman who would eventually become “forever our FLOTUS”.
 From the first page I found this an inspiration to read. I also was amazed at how many times I said, “I’ve felt just like that”. When you think of a First Lady you most times don’t equate that she has ever felt the same feelings or experiences that you have had.<br/><br/>I felt this book was very heartwarming and real.<br/>If you asked me “what famous person would you most like to have lunch with”, it would be Michelle for me.<br/><br/>Highly recommended...
 I loved this book. Since the Obamas left office, we have faced such challenges as a nation. We must hold on to all the good that was there in Washington for eight years - the hope and optimism.. Michele is a wonderful writer and a wonderful role model. I heard her speak at the University of Maine and was so very impressed by her passion and sensibilities. Now I’ve read some of how she became the woman she is today and she makes me proud. This book gives me hope. It would be a wonderful addition to every family’s library.
 I can't wait to read.
 The book reminded me of a time in our nations history when Hope filled the air. Michelle Obama is a hero to so many. After I have finished her biography I more fully understand why. Her story is an amazing one and it gives anyone who has ever been viewed as “other” encouragement to persevere in the face of odds stacked against them. I finished this book in two days. My first experience with Audible. The story was enriched so much by having Michelle Obama and her rich voice tell me about her life. Everyone should read this book.
 Recommend to anyone who wants to learn more about the “real” America. The land where inequality is rife, and the rich live off the poor.
 If this was not a book written by their first African American FLOTUS I would have passed on buying it reading it, however I recognize the historical significance this book and what it represents.
 I'd never really thought of Michelle Obama much, I mean I knew she was the first black First Lady. Reading her book, though, I really learned about her initiatives. I knew the general gist of what happened in terms of Barack Obama being elected for the first and second terms of presidency, but even though the results were expected, to be immersed into the world is a completely different experience. I laughed, and I cried, as if it was all a surprise to me, as if there was an element of suspense. I love books when it makes you consider things you almost always already knew, but never got to feel or empathise with. In this case, she made me consider how the general public was and is always so quick to make snap judgments about everything, without considering the layers of aspects going on in any one person's life. How other people lay in on Barack Obama for missing out on a vote, because their daughter had had a high fever. On closer inspection, most of us would have put our loved ones first, but no one really looks closer when it's easier to blame someone for anything. I loved this book. I felt like I could relate to Michelle Obama's story, which I think is high praise, considering I'm clearly not the first black First Lady of the United States.
 I think that this book should be required reading for all high school students.  It gave the reader hope that if they work hard enough, they can set goals and meet them.  Hard work and care for others pays off.  It is not a strictly political book.<br/>It is a lesson in virtuosity.
 received my book on time and i'm on Chp 1 and loving it
 The item was damaged inside the cover and the first page. It was to be a gift.
 In “Becoming,” Michelle Robinson Obama shows herself to be an inspiration to young people worldwide for her intelligence, her courage, her determination and her passion for truth.  In our deeply troubled times, she calls to mind words sometimes attributed to an earlier occupant of the East Wing, Eleanor Roosevelt:  “It is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.”  This is exactly what  Michelle Obama has done in writing “Becoming.”  The book is a beacon of light and a source of guidance to young people trying to make sense of what is currently happening in our nation and in our world.  The trajectory of young Michelle Robinson’s life is far beyond what many would have predicted for a black girl raised on Chicago’s south side, but by that very fact proves that the seeds of what we can become lie within each and every one of us.  We are not as we may be perceived by those who lack imagination, empathy and faith, but are instead kernels of possibility, waiting on the nurturing touch of others straining toward the same light, the same truth and the same promise of ‘becoming’ that inspired this excellent book.
 I’m not finished reading the book yet but I enjoy the stories of growing up, her family and meeting her husband. She is candid and she is confident with herself. She is down to earth, unashamed of not growing up wealthy, and she is proud of her parents and realizes how much strength she has gotten through their example. She understands the significance of having been the First Lady, and she has contributed much to Country. She is beautiful of course and she has withstood the hatefulness of some of her critics. She has earned the respect of many people. I look forward to reading the rest of the book, and I hope that someday I will have an opportunity to meet her (and her husband). I did see the President when he came to my hometown as a candidate in 2008, and I watched him make his pivotal speech as a Senator. Both of them are excellent speakers and writers.
 I chose the highest rating  because I see pieces of me and my family and people I've known in my 60 years of living.  She is me.<br/>She is me as a black woman of the same generation full of the hope that racial integration brought.  She is me as an educated woman coming from humble, very humble means, whose family sacrificed to send me to good Schools.  She is me as she developed an understanding of the special concerns of military spouses like me.  She is us.
 I had really high expectations of this book because everyone was talking about it. The first chapters are somehow boring because it gets really specific in Michelle’s pre school and kindergarden stories. Even though overll the book was fine I believe the same story could be told in half of the pages. However, a light reading is always good to get to know more about such a political character (while enjoying your vacation)
 "Becoming" is a very well written autobiography.  Michelle Obama describes growing up on the Southside of Chicago during a time of continued struggle for inner city kids.  Her parents were staunch believers in education, continued learning, and respect.  This background also caused her issues because she "talked like a white girl".  Through continued education, perseverance and continuously pushing herself, she became a lawyer.  Her beliefs in family, nutrition, and education were maintained in all that she did.  Great read!
 I chose this book because of the First Black Lady that resided in the White House. Michelle Obama's story touched me in many area. It was written in a manner that made it clear, concise, interesting, and relative. Being a Black woman I could relate to some of the emotions she experienced. I recommend this book to all young Black women. It's a wonderful source of encouragement.
 I had expected a book that would focus primarily on the political life of Michelle Obama. Instead, I discovered a multi-dimensional human story.  Politics play a role, but primarily for the impact on the author's self view, her family and the social and economic causes to which she applied her considerable intelligence and energy. She is mission driven to make life better for people. Her passion for children's health and veterans employment have been a centering force for her. She also comes across as very human, something that leaps out throughout the pages.<br/><br/>The book has an appealing tone of not pulling punches. At the same time she makes her points in a tasteful, emotionally honest manner. I look forward to her "next chapter."
 This book had up to eight pages that were unreadable ! The print on six pages was faded and another two pages were completely unreadable .
 This most incredible first lady does an impressive job bringing us along for the ride from her childhood though her young adulthood, early career, motherhood, and of course the White House. Her integrity, humor, and unflinchingly owned imperfections all make this memoir sparkle with truth.
 This is a terrific book about an amazing woman.  She is truly an American.  She loves her Country, her Family and her Friends.  Raising people’s knowledge about things that really matter in the World around us and encouraging the help of people who have a lot of pull in getting things done is what this woman did to make the World a much better place.  Her love for children both hers and all girls has helped a lot of girls’ dreams come true.  A great read.
 Words cannot express my feelings after reading this book.<br/>I would wake up every morning and look forward to reading where I had left off previously.<br/>Michelle  seems so down to earth, someone I would love to meet.<br/>Being a Black woman myself and having been born in Chicago,<br/>I could so relate. Considering there was never any scandal about them, will always stand out in my mind.<br/>I of course love her entire family and what they stood for,<br/>Being the first Black president and first lady.<br/>Thank you Michelle for sharing.
 Becoming is an intimate honest sharing by a thoughtful uplifting women that our entire country was blessed to have been thrust into the spotlight as First Lady.  Enjoyable reading giving a picture of family life in the White House by a very special family.  In today’s often depressing reality portrayed by the current President. Reading Becomng is a great way to be reminded of the wonderful eight years our country had and gives hope for the future.
 I liked learning about her life, but thought she would be more fair in how she described politics. Yes, republicans fought against a democrat president and did not want him to serve two terms ... just as Democrats fight against republican presidents and don’t want them to serve two terms. She made it sound so one-sided and that disappointed me because I always saw her as more fair than that.
 The book was like having a conversation with an old friend. It was an easy read, and it was entertaining, not entirely gossipy and classy. It was simple read that talked about the First Lady's upbringing, college education, marriage to President Obama, family life and the eventual move to the White House. It differed from her husband's writing style in the sense that Michelle Obama is relatable, and her book is easier to read.  I loved it.
 I already felt Michelle Obama was a class act, truly grounded and very intelligent.  She was so candid and honest in telling her story, really well written, interesting and I felt connected to so much of what she had to share as a working mom throughout my own career.  That lovely double edged sword we have carry is worth it.  We still have some work to do (women standing up for women) but we are going in the right direction.  Great job!
 Michelle Obama is so real and warm in this book, letting all of us feel into her heart and mind. I will miss reading her writing, and forever miss the style, intelligence and dignity she brought to The White House. She and her husband will always be my favorite leaders. I am a descendant of the Hairston Clan, working my way through reconciliation of having been the largest slave holders in the country. Michelle and Barack gave me tremendous courage, to lift myself out of the shame and celebrate all that is possible, in a world where power is balanced through equality and addressing racism openly. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to dive deep into the real truth of this amazing first family, and come to a clear understanding of the backlash and horror that ensued when they left.
 It gave me a peak into the life of a strong woman who,along with her husband, gave America a reason to be proud.<br/><br/>Vifed
 From beginning to end, I found this a compelling book.  I really knew very little about Michelle Obama's life.  Her descriptions of growing up in Chicago, her schooling so informative and moving. She kept herself out of the spotlight as First Lady.  I understand why but felt somehow cheated that I was so unaware of what she accomplished and the agendas she and her staff moved forward.  We are all in a better place due to those initiatives.
 What I didn’t like is that it is repetitive. It’s interesting because Michelle Obama is a dynamic woman who was part of the 8 yrs of the Obama presidency. However I gained more insight into Barack than Michelle.  If you can get it from the library do so.
 This is a beautiful, well-written memoir and I loved it so much I didn't want to finish it!  I wanted it to go on and on!  What a lovely, classy lady Michele Obama is!  I could relate to her hardships and her positive parental influence.  Loved the book and recommending and giving it to friends and family.
 This was the most insightful, inspirational, heartwarming book I have read in a long time.  I chose to read this book because I wanted to read  first hand Mrs. Obama's accounts of her years in the White House. How she was able to maintain so much grace under all the extraordinary pressure she was under. I loved how she walked us  through all the experiences of her life; the good as well as the unpleasant. I would recommend this book to all  people, so they can learn the process of what it took for our "Forever First Lady" to "Become".
 Michelle Obama believes with conviction that if she can make it in America, then anyone can. “Becoming” is her testament to her core belief.<br/>We are a better country for the Obamas tenure in the White House. As important as the specifics of their tenure is the fact of their tenure. Understanding the full ramifications of that is the most important reason to read this book.<br/>Read more at bookmanreader.blogspot.com
 My admiration for the Obama family and administration was already at a five star level before reading this beautiful, important memoir.  Now, after completing its pages, I daily offer prayers for the health and safety of my city’s and our country’s most precious foursome. Michelle Obama’s message of gratitude and optimism will help guide me during this most challenging time of the current presidency, and in my own advancing years.
 This book was an incredible look at the life and journey of former first lady Michelle Obama. I admittedly went into the book with a biased admiration for her, but the vulnerability and sincerity with which she tells this story was heart warming and encouraging. She discusses her early life and how her humble beginnings on the south side of Chicago shaped her character. She discusses her relationship with President Obama and how their life in politics chose them and not the other way around making for an intriguing and somehow relatable story. She talks about life under the constant scrutiny of the American people and having to navigate an already hostile space as a black woman. I certainly recommend this book for anyone questioning their life path, navigating the complications marriage can bring, or anyone curious about life in the white house.
 Michelle Obama tells all! The first half seemed to drag on with a few embarassing moments of TMI, but plow through and it all comes together for an intriguing look at how this remarkable woman, against her own life desires, learned to balance work, family and politics  while turning her passions into projects having widespread impact, yet managing to remain true to herself. To the author I only have one thing to say: Thank you!
 Michelle Obama is an amazing woman and a gifted storyteller. I was lucky enough to read this book mostly in one sitting while I spent the night with my mother in the hospital. I didn't want to put the book down, and I got to read all night without getting fussed at for not sleeping. Thank you, Michelle Obama, for such a wonderful book--one of the best non-fiction books I have encountered. I recommend it to everyone who believes in hope and goodness.
 there's nothing to add that hasn't already been written more eloquently, but michelle obama is brilliant, entertaining, intelligent and wise. reading the book adds these qualities to my every day life and i find myself once again filled with hope.
 Good reading
 Remarkably brave book, honest with every “wart” on display. Once you start to read this autobiography, you will have difficulty putting it down. We all have situations in our past that we would rather not discuss . Michelle cherry-coats nothing to her credit , and let’s us all share in her inner thoughts, attitudes and vulnerabilities. Her honesty rather shocked me. And boy can she write and express her thoughts in an engaging manner. I learned a lot about relationships, life in the White House, and walking in another’s shoes. This book should be required reading for all ages.
 I bought this for my 101-year-old Dad for Christmas.  He breezed through it and now I'm reading it.  It is so interesting to learn more about this fascinating lady in her own words...and some inside secrets about Barack, too.  Excellent book!
 A wonderful page turner about the highs and lows of Michelle Obama's life.  I found the story of her years growing up in the Southside of Chicago the most interesting.  It is a fascinating success story about a spunky little girl whose competitive drive and encouraging and supportive parents allow her to achieve the remarkable - Princeton and Harvard!<br/>In adulthood she comes across as down-to-earth, smart  and very loving, especially with her children.  It is a story of her life rather than the politics whirling around her.  Rising above the bad, unfair and exaggerated press reports she learns how to make the most of each personal encounter.  And, of course, she shares everything with her partner and friend, Barack (or 'Barry' as his childhood friends called him - interesting tidbit).
 I found Michelle's life story fascinating as I knew little about it before she became First Lady. She's a better storyteller than most in similar positions. The mostly upbeat messages are a pleasant contrast to much of the news in 2018-2019.
 This book is an inspiration of perseverance and a never-ending belief in the endless spirit to do good in the world. I feel that I no longer can feel that I do not really know Michelle Obama. I have always liked and respected her and now I have insight to know why.
 Enjoyed this book immensely! Most women who were brought up in a city (mine was Philadelphia, PA) in a tiny house and came from hard-working parents will identify with Michelle and her thoughts/feelings. I especially enjoyed the photographs which made her life jump off the pages and her personal insights concerning Barack during their courtship. She's a very empathetic, humble woman with concerns for all humanity and I love this closing note: "For every door that's been opened to me, I've tried to open my door to others." Bravo!
 Outstanding story about a black female child brought up in a  rough south side neighborhood of Chicago in the 1950-1960's;  raised by her hard working parents with their own  struggles;  and to become this independent woman who had expectations of greatness for herself.  Who aspired to be whoever she wanted to be.  And then by the grace of God she met her true soul mate and together how they became the President  and Mrs. of America and  served this country with all they had become.
 I bought Mrs. Obama's book for all the women in my family for Christmas and each one was thrilled to receive it.  My daughter bought it for me and I was thrilled, as well.  I admire Mrs. Obama as a role model and as a woman I can trust to tell the truth.  She is an accomplished professional who is not afraid to share her thoughts and advice with her readers, and who has given us a generous look into her life.  What a treat!
 This book is SO good. I can't put it down. It's a real look inside the mind of one of the world's most recognized women. You go on a true journey with Michelle, experiencing her thoughts on family, career, falling in love, politics, and discovery of self. Whether you're a fan of the Obamas or not, this is a story so many can relate to. Michelle opens up and speaks about losing her father, discovering her purpose, finding balance between her husband's ambition and her own, her deep connection with family, and the sacrifices she made for all of it. Throughout it all, Michelle holds strong to her values and shares her story in a clear, entertaining and touching manner. This has been a lovely read by a woman worthy of the admiration she receives.
 Inspired, I am trying to find the courage to move forward after a very difficult time of being bullied. Encouraged, that for all our differences it is all our sameness that we celebrate. Annoyed, that so much of the beautiful work, the steps forward, are being systamtically errased by a floundering fool, a jester of no class. Enpowered, that all the world is still malable. Humbled, that I now believe we are all here for a purpose. Determined to make and become my best! God bless the Obamas ! Thank you!
 I was very much looking forward to reading this autobiography, and it exceeded my anticipations. Brava Michelle Robinson Obama. Job well done on so many levels. I believe every young person, especially every young woman, should read this book. This is personable, believable and heart-warming. Mrs. Obama is articulate and succinct; her willingness to appear so transparent is courageous and inspiring. It makes me want to meet her in person, shake her hand, give her a hug, and thank her from the bottom of my heart.
 Michelle’s story has encouraged me in so many ways. As a First Lady, you have to always be the protector and not allow people thoughts to diminish you and your family. She was so transparent and her personality is so refreshing. There were times when I laughed and also cried. Her love for her husband is so sweet and their story is a true testament of Black Love. I purchased this book at a critical time in my life and it was like therapy. I accomplished my first goal, 1 book down and 3 more to go.<br/>It’s was a journey and I thank her for sharing.
 I felt like I was sitting with a friend, as Michelle shared her stories. Mrs Obama is one courageous women. She has so many lessons to share and challenges for us all. Especially for women as we become who we are, even a 62 year old such as myself.
 Such a refreshing and open book.  Obviously written by her, and not a ghost writer, like so many celebrity books.  Goes from her youth and early family life all the way to her current hopes and dreams.  A must read for every Obama fan!
 I miss Michelle so much. Her grace, intelligence, passion and love are second to none. I devoured this book, laughing at parts, getting angry, weeping and smiling. I bought the Audible version, which was so awesome because Michelle narrates it! I felt like Ms. Obama was just sitting having a conversation with me while I was driving.  After the Audible finished, I purchased a hard copy--just had to have both!
 This book was written so well I could hear Michelle Obama's voice.  I have always thought of her as one of the Amazing First Ladies, but in this book she allowed people to see the person she is.  She was so transparent I was surprised and once again marveled that this country of our had been so lucky.  If you want to hear where she came from and what it cost her to land in the White House; buy this book.
 Loved the format of this book and our First Lady's account of her childhood, her meeting and courtship of Barack Obama, and her years in the White House.  She is intelligent, yet down to earth.  I felt like I was visiting a favorite girlfriend.  Loved the book and the story.  I highly recommend it.
 A black girl from South Side of Chicago becomes a First Lady, that in itself is extraordinary. Although Michelle Obama considers herself an ordinary woman, she is more humble, caring, determined, and patriotic than most of us. The book opens our eyes to life of a working class black family that a few would consider as All American in their ignorance and prejudice if they had not read this book. There is much we need to learn about black life in America than what the evening news portrays. A must read for all Americans.
 I am enjoying this book, not quite finished. Not too many autobiographies that I have read compares to this one. I have to add  Michelle Obama to the # 1 spot of women I would like to meet, after Queen Elizabeth II.<br/>She inspires you to think of others and to put yourself in their shoes before you judge them.<br/>Both my sisters are reading Becoming and cannot praise it enough.<br/>GREAT book!!!
 Entertaining, profound, inspiring and beautifully written. I listened to her read it and followed along in the book so I could highlight the parts that spoke to me deeply. Loved her authenticity in sharing her story so far (she's still Becoming)...the joys, pains, lessons and victories. It was all great but Becoming Me was truly my favorite part. I laughed heartily and shed quite a few tears. Also, the insight into politics, life in the bubble and service from the vantage point and perspective of the FLOTUS and First Family, and this particular family, was interesting and enlightening. I loved it all!
 So pleased I got Audible version. Car trips are great. Like having Michelle Obama in the back seat sharing her life story. I wanted various family members to have a chance to hear Ms Obama's book so start it again every time someone new needs a ride over the holidays. I've heard it though 3 times so far. Wonderful chance to understand behind the scenes details of a special person living a good life.
 Michelle Obama is a terrific writer. Her memoir is engaging, enthralling, informative and important. At times she educates, amuses, saddens and uplifts the reader. There were times that I LOLd and at other times I had tears in my eyes. Truth be told, I'm a long-time Michelle admirer (Barack, too) and this book only increased my admiration. But, as much as I would love to meet her and her husband, the person in the book whom I would most like to spend time with is her mother Marian Robinson. She paints a glowing and lovely portrait of the family matriarch, a woman who come across as smart, wise, kind, patient and endowed with something we could all use a lot more of - good old common sense. This book is high on my list of best works of non-fiction of all time.
 The memoir was a wonderful read.  Michelle spoke about her life with what felt like grace and honesty.  She spoke about her early years growing up on the south side of Chicago, her career path, her relationship with President Obama, and how she stayed grounded while moving along the political path with him.  I'd recommend this book to anyone who likes to read about other people, but this book is historic!!
 I was eager to read the book and enjoyed it even more than I thought I would. It was written in a colloquial manner, with a positive spin on most issues. I specifically liked realizing that whether growing up in Chicago, or the Spanish speaking Caribbean,  of different  ethnic descent or economic class, what we learn in our family is what mostly defines us as persons once we become adults. Michelle Obama's parents and mine came from different places,<br/>but they shared the same moral principles ,  exerted similar discipline and had similar goals for their children. Education and being decent human beings were most important in both families. They had similar priorities- education and family.  The extended family also played an important role in both our upbringing. While Mrs. Obama's accomplishments exceeded those in my family, I could see glimpses of our upbringing in her story.
 Michelle is a natural story teller. Honest and straight from the Heart.  I could hardly put the book down.  The times our chaotic and hostile, but she keeps her head up an finds the Good and Positive in everything.  She is a Saint on a Mission.  In her own little way she will change the hearts and minds of the doubtful.  No matter what side of the aisle your on, you'll find her truth your truth.  It's that simple!
 I bought this book for a Christmas gift. My friend was thrilled !! I accidentally ordered the wrong one that is more like a synopsis and am hoping that Amazon will work with me about the return. Don’t make the same mistake as I.
 I love Michelle Obama and I loved this book. It was entertaining, informative and provided a lovely picture of what formed our forever First Lady. Her life, while not a bed of roses, has certainly had its moments. I was totally jealous of her relationship with her mother. Without her mom she could never have become the woman we so admire. I love her. She made me proud and she wrote a lovely book.
 Having just finished it, I looked at the Amazon reviews by others and was astonished at many of the negative comments.  Percentage-wise, they are few, but still astonishing.  Clearly most of them come from people who would never approve of Michelle Obama or the wonderful job she did as First Lady.  Much of this is may be attributable to their negative feelings about her husband, a President that continues to stand out for his leadership, dedication and civility throughout his two terms.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama was a star, and she made us proud every day for eight years.  Her early life was inspirational, and her years in the White House continue to make me proud.<br/><br/>I would give anything to have Barak and Michelle Obama (and their girls) back in the White House today.  I can only hope that their successor is gone before he completely ruins our country and the world!
 Let me preface this by saying I love Michelle Obama. She is such a great role model. With that being said I read many books by "non-writers" and they are usually just okay. This book is definitely written by an author. She captures your attention and keeps you interested. There is so much compassion yet truthfulness in how she feels, both positive and negative. She continues to be relatable to everyone through her writing and holds up hope for something more.
 Don't waste time
 Heavy on the self-hagiography.  The earlier chapters about family members and their hardships in Chicago were illuminating and real. Mostly though,this becomes a book about a woman determinedly unaware of the privileges that broke her way, and unable to lay blame for anything, even her few blunders, on anything but race.  This subterranean animus and the Michelle is always right theme became  tiresome and predictable.  Loved her mother and especially her father.
 I loved how candid and forthcoming Michelle is in telling her story. From her childhood growing up in the south side of Chicago to her journey as a mother and partner to a man with a vision of change and hope, her authenticity is so refreshing and inspirational. I have recommended her book to friends and the first question I get is, “is it political”? I don’t think it is. It’s the story of a feisty, courageous, committed and devoted woman who is pulled into a role she didn’t plan for herself but handled it with grace and humility. As we witnessed her as First Lady, and since she’s reentered public life, Michelle is a passionate leader who has and still is making a difference. The book is well written and enjoyable!
 I didn't intend to read this book but, I received it  "by accident" on my kindle. Michelle and I are the same age and I felt I knew her and her story already because much of it as a working mother and woman who has had to "adjust" to having a love one who has an illness is my own. I am pleased to be reminded of hope and our capacity to grow as a nation and as individuals. Thank you for reaffirming my own humanity by sharing your own.
 Very good book about the ultimate over achievers. Loved her growing up stories, but it surprisingly starts to drag after she Meets Obama. Then it picks back up when she talks about her girls. I guess it’s thumbs up for all the family stuff. Thumbs down on talk about the elections and First Lady policy’s, programs, etc. for me anyway, that gets boring after a few pages. Anyway It’s still good and worth the money.
 Michelle tells her story in such a way that you can almost understand some of the workings of a First Lady. By telling her story we get glimpses of what life is like when you are living in a bubble.  She gives so much of how they seemed to adjust.  One gets to see that the First Lady does not sit around doing nothing. She is busy handling more on the home front. Thoroughly enjoyed, it is an easy read and worth reading.
 I liked the way this book was written . I found it inspiring to hear of Michelle came to be the woman that she is. Reveals where her earnestness , honesty and strong leadership came from! Also enjoyed and learned from her perspectives on family and marriage.Loved the optimism she expressed all throughout the book and especially at the end. Giving me reason for optimism even in these divided times .
 With most biographies of famouse people I tend to get bored with a long and drawn out childhood story but, the way in which Michelle wrote her book, as well as her complex story truly, drew me in. So many times the Black childhood experience is portrayed as negative or almost as unattainably perfect. Her story sounds like my story. SImple, with progressive parents who weren't lackadaisical in their parenting, who taught values and hard work but not so overly strict. Her choices in career and career changes spoke to me of how restless we can be. Her strength and independence shined through her words even as she says she felt treated as a missus.<br/><br/>She gave us such a clear view of what happened during those inspiring times and it instantly made memories flood back in of hope, real hope. She layed out her struggles in both fertility and marriage, how she dealt with such extreme critics and even her stumbles on and off the trail. I simply adore this book.
 From “The swerve,” to, “When they go low, we go high,” this book and the writer leave much to ponder and process.  I am glad that Mrs. Obama did not use the pages to settle scores or dish inside scoop.  Her background and accomplishments are laid out and defined for all to appreciate.  Her beautiful words are a salve for the abrasive times we live in now.  Reading the book went by too quickly and left me hungry for what is yet to come.
 Soaking in Michelle Obama’s memoir was like catching up with an old friend: you can’t wait to hear the news and you aren’t the least bit bored.  I understand now that this couple was more ethical than I thought, smarter than I thought and kinder than I ever knew.  She has made a lasting and indelible mark as the first black First Lady. No naysayer nor hater can ever dislodge her esteemed place in our nation’s history.  Thank you, Mrs Obama for overcoming your hesitations, supporting your husband’s big dreams and for using your platform to bring real change to schools, encourage girls and improve the lives of military spouses. In other words, thank you for being the best.
 What a wonderful book...I relieved the days before and during Barack Obama's election.  So much the general public could not have seen!!  The fine character and compassion of both Michelle and Barack give me hope, again, even now!
 I loved Michelle Obama as First Lady and now I really love her as a woman, mother, and wife. She shares her feelings towards different issues and gives an inside into her. I'm really enjoying reading this book, when I grow up, I would love to be like her, I truly admire this lady, she is funny, classy and super intelligent, she is her own person and one of the BEST First Ladies we have had!
 Not sure what I expected, but I was pleasantly surprised by this book.  A south (west) side Chicago resident, it felt like home because of so many familiar things presented throughout the book.<br/><br/>There was surprises along the way, with revelations sprinkled throughout!  I would recommend it.  It revealed personality, something I wasn't expecting.<br/><br/>I actually listened to it.  Later going through the pictures.  I look forward to actually reading it, the old fashion way, soon.
 I couldn't stop putting the book down! It was a good memoir of the former First Lady's life on Becoming who she is today.  I laughed, cried, and felt all the emotions she went through in her past through this novel.
 I was so looking forward to reading this book by Michele Obama.  And it didn't disappoint.  I was interesting to read her side of things, because you read about certain things in the media, but Mrs Obama is very candid.  I know It would be very hard on children to adjust to White House living, but in reading her book, the first lady seems like she had handled it very well. It appears the girls are well grounded. Good book. I recommend it to anyoney.
 I liked hearing about the moments that impact those living the life of politics at the most intense level.  Thank you Michelle for sharing your viewpoints, truths, passions and compassions with us.  Politics can be confusing, frustrating and liberating.
 I found this book to be very enjoyable. Michelle Obama comes across very relatable, honest, and authentic. I enjoyed her story from her childhood in Chicago to the White House. Her relationships with the people close to her are obviously precious to her, especially her family. She tells of her journey and relationships with touching candor and humor. Nice insight into the former President and their relationship as well. I smiled a lot reading this book and felt her pain as well. Great insight into what it was like raising a family in the White House. I have always been a fan and am more so now.
 This was one of the most informative, compassionate, loving, family oriented stories I<br/>have ever read!  Michelle Obama puts together a narrative that is top drawer!!!!  She weaves<br/>her story with moments everyone can relate to &amp; sit down with.  She has done such a marvelous<br/>job &amp; I just want the Rest Of The Story - - - to continue where she left off!!!  I recommend this book<br/>to the world!
 I would recommend this book to my friends, especially my girlfriends. Michelle Obama is a truly fascinating woman. As I read each page I honestly began to see her more as a wife, mother, friend and mentor than as the icon of First Lady. I’m positive that I could sit down and share a cup of tea and just talk the afternoon away with her. A positive inspiration for all young women.
 Whether you like Michelle Obama or hate her, this book will give you insight into her character and behavior. From her childhood in Chicago through her work as a lawyer and then into politics as she helped her husband, the path is fascinating and eye-opening. It is beautifully written as well as revealing and more than worth the time and effort to read it. Highly recommended.
 I loved this book so much I’ve been buying it for my loved ones! Michelle is so easy to relate to even though her experience has been so different than my own. Hearing her story has just made me love her even more because her drive, determination, agency as a professional, and ability to stand up for herself and ask for what she needs is so inspiring! I feel like everyone NEEDS to read this book—it’s that good!
 I fell in love with the Obamas after the 2004 Democratic Convention. Both Michelle and the President are a class act, through  and through. Michelle 's journey is fascinating and outstanding. Her parents are a great example of how to behave toward your children. Michelle 's depiction of her journey is a testament of integrity, honesty, unbiased love, and the good old American work ethic....consistent hard work can and does pay off. Awesome read!
 An excellent read about one woman’s life and how she accidentally ended up in politics. She comes across as likable, smart, and somewhat driven. It also gives a nice snapshot of behind the scenes, living in the fishbowl of the White House.
 This book was an incredible read, right from the beginning.  I devoured it, loved it, cried at least three times, and marveled at her grace, style and honesty.<br/>Sadly, however, as I came to the last page,  I couldn't help but reflect on how far America has gone in a totally opposite and wrong direction since the book was written.<br/>Here's hoping for better times ahead...
 I loved Michelle Obama before this book however...after reading it...I love her even more. Her candor, humor and giving nature were woven through the pages of this masterpiece and I'm just thrilled that she chose to share this part of herself with the public. She is truly a force to be reckoned with but also, a woman to be revered. She is definitely my Forever Flotus. &lt;3
 Loved Michelle Obama before... love her even more after reading thus inspiring and honest book.  Kudos, Mrs. Obama! A true inspiration!
 So many nuggets of insight and wisdom that Mrs. Michelle Obama shares in this very heartfelt memoir. Powerful. On the last chapters she talks about visiting Nelson Mandela at 92 years old. He was imprisoned at 44 and released at 71. I thought about this for a few minutes: it's basically being captive from now until my dad's age. 27 years in prison! Unfathomable. My perspective on life as a First Lady has completely changed as a result of reading this book. Highly recommend!
 Michelle Obama is articulate, thoughtful and realistic in describing life as the wife of a man dedicated to human rights issues. She portrays herself as equally as ambitious and determined to make a difference in the lives of those who elected her husband, to creating a sense of "normality" for her children  and creating a platform from which to enrich her role as FLOTUS.
 Beautiful story of courage, vision, hope and love. This<br/>First Lady's story is truly an inspiration for anyone who dares to try the handle on a closed but unlocked door.
 I loved this book so much. She was just like any other working momma out there. One minute she's working a job, juggling kids, single mom during the week, having Chipotle at lunch while sitting in her car to have a moment of peace and the next she's FLOTUS and living in the White House. I loved her authenticity and vulnerability in sharing her journey of self doubt and wondering "Am I good enough?" The fear of losing her identify as her husband became the Commander in Chief and how at the end of the day her responsibility and commitment to being a good mother never wavered. She is such an amazing woman!
 So engaging and informative.  I have told people that I wished I had Michelle's parents.  They were/are so wise!  Very inspiring.  My only disappointment was that I finished the book.  I wanted to read more.
 I loved the book, easy to read, words just flowed.  Especially appreciated it, because of the similarities to my own challenges and accomplishments growing up in Chicago’s Pilsen neighborhood.  Wonderful to read about the many initiatives Mrs. Obama completed as First Lady, why they were chosen, how they reflected on her upbringing and how she paid it forward.
 Actually, Michelle Obama and I had very similar childhoods.  I was surrounded by loving family among Jewish Americans.  My life has also turned out much better than I could have expected.  One variable was that my mother expected me to work after high school to help send my 4 brothers to  college.  I was stubborn and worked my way through college.<br/>I am impressed how Michelle has always supported and mentored women socially and professionally.  Her values are solid
 I really enjoyed reading this book. Her insight and honesty relayed in her writing  was outstanding. She was able to help us understand the drive President Obama had to try to make the world a better place. Without her taking on the mundane day to day tasks of their family he would not have been able to achieve what he did. Even with that, she was able to contribute her own goals to this country and worldwide. She is truly a national treasure.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Savored every word and shared excerpts w my husband who now can’t wait to read it himself. So relatable  Michelle Obama is an inspiration.  Felt kinship w her life experiences and the lessons she took from each. Knew a lot about her from press coverage but this book provides details that add depth. Grateful that she shared her incredible story. Can’t wait to discuss w friends.
 Written from the heart start to finish.  From a humble beginning she pushes through prejudice and accepted norms. Enlightened and motivated by her extended family to work hard and succeed.  Very enjoyable.
 Great book!! I will say it is good but It is not a book that can’t put down. While it is interesting it is taking me a little longer to read. But it goes over how she felt about herself as a black woman, working mom and wife. Talks about how different people in her life helped her realize things and gave her perspective. I can relate to her on some things while other things I don’t.
 I bought this book for my sister for Christmas.  She started it that day and from the bits she's told me, don't want too much information because I'm reading it next, she loves the book!  I waited to order this book, I've wanted it since it came out, but was able to wait till I gifted it to my sister.  She's a huge Obama fan, as am I, and I knew I'd hit it out of the park with this one.
 Who knew?  I found that learning about the life of Michelle Obama was fascinating.  This book was very insightful, the story was told in a way that captured my attention, and I enjoyed learning and getting to know Michelle Obama through her own words.  I was engrossed from beginning to end, and I will always see Mrs Obama in a new light.  I appreciate her sharing her story with us!
 I have so much respect for the Obamas.  Their interest in children's education and health for all citizens is brought out in this book.  It emphasizes  the fact that someone who is not born into privilege  and wealth can go as far as their dreams carry them with hard work and perseverance.  Michelle gives an inside view of what is is like to be a First Lady.  It is beautifully written.
 Michelle Obama did an exceptionally good job of describing her life and career as a lawyer, a First Lady, and what life in the White House was really like.  I enjoyed the entire book from start to finish.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this auto biography of Michelle Obama's life experiences.  The lady can write.  I love the fact of her compassion of working to make people's lives better.  I appreciate her honesty and the integrity she walks through life exhibiting.  The true love that shines through for her husband,daughters, parents , brother, and friends. A truly inspiring woman.
 This is the story of a very self-driven woman. Michelle Obama was very fortunate to have the parents and family support. She acknowledges this continually and how it is a driving force in her desire to build that support for others.  In reading this book there are so many incidents reported that I remember but had not heard the full story or known the context from which it was taken.<br/>I don't think many realize the burden she felt for her children being raised in the public eye. In spite of all the advantages that were there, she knew the sacrifices that were made. I think she tells her story well and is very positive on most incidents. The very most negative is Donald Trump's constant insistence that Barack is not a citizen. No one can put blame on her when she said if something had happened to her children, she would never have forgiven him.
 Highly recommend this book. I truly believe anyone who had a negative view of Michelle Obama will definitely change their mind about her. She is definitely a person who deserves respect and admiration for putting a positive spin on everything that came her way. She is an asset to our country and I’m so glad I read her book. I never doubted her love of God, family and country. Shame on all of you who do.
 I'm not usually a big fan of autobiographies but I wanted to give this book a try. Michelle Obama's writing in this book is clear and sincere, without any frills or airs. From her Chicago Southside upbringing, to her studies in Ivy league universities, and through her various careers and her terms as the FLOTUS, she manages to tell her story in a relatable, funny, yet down-to-earth way that makes her so endearing to me. She is trying (and succeeding) to both define and be true to herself as she grows through the different stages of her life. I read about her struggles, and how hard she had to work behind the scenes in order to appear so effortless and flawless on TV. She truly is an inspiration. 5/5 stars for this amazing book.
 I read it over a period of time, turning to it when I needed uplift, hope and courage in my own life.  She allowed me to feel as close to her as a cousin or a sister, even as I regarded her as a ‘star’ in life.  She’s so easy to get close to.  And, the insight into her husband made me proud, and gave me hope that we are all uniquely qualified to leave a legacy of hope, courage, goodness and love.
 I am a 70 year old white woman living in Washington state.  I grew up here, a high school class of 900 white kids. I spent 9 months in Arkansas in 1968 &amp; was appalled as I witnessed white teenagers throwing garbage at black teenagers. Now I have a handful of so called Trump lovers who have actually said to me "she made those school kids eat food they hated"!!!!Hello????Who is watering your garden Michelle? Is the soil rancid from hatred spewing from the  front door? Did someone build a wall  covered in barbed wire  around your garden? This book tells a huge story of love for family, young girls in need of mentors, military families looking for hope &amp; trust from our government, God forbid. We're sorry you left the White House. The greatest #1 bucket list for me would be you knocking on my door just to say hi &amp; maybe a glass of wine!
 First off, let me way I am not a left wing type person.  I have more of a right wing view.  This book however is one of the best books I've read in quite awhile.  She and Barak are truly remarkable people.  Well worth the money
 Great insight into both Michelle and Barack Obama. Who they are, what motivates them.  The book starts out with Michelle as a young girl in Chicago. Her parents instilled in her  love of learning. She Went on to graduate from Princeton and Harvard. Worked at a prestigious law firm and then decided to something more meaningful to help others.<br/>Good read, you won't be disappointed.
 Excellent read. 'Behind every great man, there is an even greater woman' is so true. She held the helm while he worked the ship, preventing it from sinking, for 8 years. How could a couple survive 8 years in the white house with no scandal is beyond my comprehension? She is the embodiment of patience, endurance, motherhood, and smartness (intelligent, educated).
 The writing of Becoming immediately invites one into Michelle Obama's early life and the close loving family she was fortunate to have. Because of health issues, I was compelled to read it slowly, but perhaps that was the best way to become completely immersed. I never lost interest or forgot a thread or anecdote. If you haven't read Becoming, you have a great treat in store.
 Thank you for give us such an detailed insight into your life before, during and after OUR time in the White House. Your family is amazing and you make all of us proud. Thank you for sharing your life!
 I would have love to have read this book but it never downloaded to my Kindle. I tried all the suggestions to make it work and none of them did. I had to give it one star because I never received it. Otherwise I know it would have been 5.
 Talk about having it all, looks, smart, great mom and wife, WOW,  but most of all she has heart and love for all.  Her understanding of life shows such compassion and intelligence..  I'm doing the audible and she is reading!! Very enjoyable..
 This book presented Michelle Obama from the inside. She told her story, including images (both in words and pictures) of her life and her family. Reading this was similar to having a personal conversation with this lady.
 This was a gift for my mother, so my review is solely about delivery and quality of the physical product upon delivery- not the contents of the book.<br/><br/>Delivered according to schedule - always a plus. The book was in excellent shape - pages weren't bent, cover was flawless- all the things you would expect from a new book. And my mother loved it as a gift.
 Michelle Obama is a truly gifted writer. I wish that this book could be required reading for all high school students. If we put our political affiliations and color barriers aside, you will understand that this is a beautiful story of evolving, showing kindness, and leading by example. There are very few books that I read that I do not want to end. It was my privilege to have read such a poignant memoir.
 I enjoyed every sentence, paragraph and page of the book. Mrs Obama touched my heart in many, many ways.  I grew up in Chicago so I was able to really relate to the logistical reflections. When she came to the part where her Father passed, I shed tears for he was such a strong character as is her Mother. May God Always Bless her and President Barack and Sasha and Malia and her Mother forever plus One Day!
 Michelle Obama is such an intelligent, caring, compassionate, accomplished woman that reading about her life was sheer pleasure. It was interesting to read how she was able to support her husband, Barack Obama, in his quest to become president, even though she is not a fan of politics. She has been able to do that, be a great mother and maintain her individuality.
 This was the best book I have read in over a year. I keep thinking I should be able to pick it up and the story will continue... Mrs. Obama is an incredible inspiration to every woman. I was thrilled to watch her and her family as they stood beside President Obama as he took his oath of office - twice! I appreciate the time she gave us as the first lady of our country and I know we are in a better place for her courage and resilience.  I hope she continues to do her good work and inspires other girls and women to a life well lead.
 I LOVED reading Michelle Obama's book!!  If you are a fan of hers, as I am, you will really enjoy it.  If you aren't a fan, after reading her life story, you should become one.  What an amazing and inspirational woman she is!!!
 The value of family and love for children &amp; county were ran through the entire story. This carried over to military families and the education and health of all families regardless of race.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the simple happy and often humorous, moments  Michelle shared around everyday life with her girls, dogs,garden, staff and of course her famous husband.
 Whether you agree with her politics or not, you have to really admire Mrs. Michelle Obama for such a poignant portrait of your life, family and philosophy on success.  Her journey shows that we all have it within ourselves to become who we inspire to become if we live by certain principles.  One of the things that really affected me emotionally was how she grew up with doubt about herself and how she was impacted of the hateful, racist things people were saying about her after she became First Lady.
 This is an amazing book! I loved the true meaning of this book. Its filled with so many fascinating interesting facts about the Obamas. I learned so much about who they truly are through reading this book. I learned so much about Barack Obama and Michelle Obama.  This book is compacted with so many wonderful quotes and heart warming story. I loved reading the part where Michelle described how Barack (Husband) proposed to her. I love reading the story of both Barack and Michelles childhood. I was so happy to read about Sasha and Malia Obama(Michelle and Barack Obama two daughters) they to had a crazy childhood- since their father was the President Of The United States.<br/><br/>I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK TO ANYONE WHO LOVES THE OBAMAS AND WANT TO TAKE A SNEAK PEAK INTO THE LIFE THEY LIVED FOR 8 YEARS IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
 To say I had a hard time putting this book down, would be an understatement. I wanted nothing more than to take an entire day to dive into each and every page, soaking up all that I could about our former first lady. At a time when grace and dignity are clearly lacking in the white house, I found myself longing for what was and hopeful for what could be again. Michelle Obama illustrates her struggles as a black woman from a neighborhood that was turning toward despair. I can never begin to understand what it feels like to be a woman of color, nor will I pretend too. But I do know what it feels like to be a woman in a world where people tell you you're not good enough, and make you feel "other".<br/><br/>No matter what your views on this beautiful human being is, crack open this book and take the world from her point of view. It's beautifully written and eye opening.
 This memoir by Michelle Obama is very well written and I thought it was full of heart and honesty. It is a very personal sharing of her life journey from the South side of Chicago to Princeton and Harvard to the Whitehouse and being First Lady of our country. There are many details and stories in this book, I could not put it down and recommend it highly.
 Michelle’s story is relatable on so many levels. Whether you support her or not, this one is worth the read. Her imagery is very vivid, taking you back to her South Side upbringing, her internal personal struggles and journey through life. Being a working mom with a husband also simultaneously trying to make a lasting impression on this earth. She lays all out there, all the questions we ask ouselves, the burning curiosity about the presidency.
 I just received this book so I am only about 100 pages into it and so far I love it. It is interesting to me that while reading through these reviews many (most) of the really bad 1 star reviews are by people (possible trolls) who are not even "Verified purchasers"..So as you read the reviews keep that in mind and be sure to check to make sure those writing reviews have actually bought and read this book.
 I picked up this book and could not put it down.  I am proud of my First Lady and all that she represents.  This became my journey as well as hers. I lived this story with each turned page. I will read it again. Bravo Michelle Obama!
 Great read.  Wish it was required reading in high schools.  Not because of any political agenda, but because young women, especially young women of color , need to hear her words.  They offer advice and hope.
 Michelle Obama has a beautiful writing voice. Loved learning about the early days of her romance with Barack. Really enjoyed reading about her love for her daughters and her concerns about them growing up in the White House. Her compassion, humanity and care for people jumps off the page. I highly recommend this book and was disappointed when it ended. I could have read more!
 This is a feel good book for me. It tells the upside of the Obama’s story, but I feel it should have added a bit more of the downside of all the pressure they were under. I’m certain Mrs Obama suffered more before, and during their presidency than was revealed. But I still loved the book because it brought back the good old days of kindness, generosity, love, and respect.
 As I read Michelle Obama’s book, I realized I missed following the eight years she and her husband were First Lady and President. It opened my eyes to who she really was as a human being, her feelings and her persistence in moving through change. I felt like I really got to know her and the real person she is as well as her husband. I highly recommend reading “Becoming” for its humanity and it’s insightful background of both Michelle and her husband.
 LIKED BOOK COVER! SINCE THIS WAS 2nd Book, 1st book had folded pages! THIS BOOK HAS MASHED CORNERS ON BOOK! Returning this book, Also! Will purchase @Walmart or Kroger. Amazon has NO RESPECT for Books!! Too Sad!
 Idk why I prefer paperback books. I guess because I don't want to ruin the cover of the hardcover books. Well needless to say, I didn't notice the paperback copy was large print or I wouldn't have gotten it. I can't really explain why the large print bothers me so much lol. But I will be returning it and taking a chance on the hardcover book. I haven't started reading it yet because like I said, the large print bothers me lol
 Although I lived in the Chicagoland area, I really didn't know that much about our former First Lady.  Although I read most of my books on a Kindle, am really enjoying reading this book.  Being a Mother, a Politician's wife, and having your own career is a difficult combination to manage -- but my hat's off to her for the job she did.  I'm not a Republican or a Democrat -- and am enjoying reading this book.
 She is an inspiring powerful strong woman who has lived through tough times and has always come through with grace resilience and lessons. Lessons that she has used to help and encourage others. Never forget to where she has come from and giving back. She saw in her husband his greatness and set aside her personal warnings to support him as well as keep him on track and on time. No First Lady will ever shine like Michelle through so much adversity. Becoming is a must read for all!
 The book is a thorough story of our First Lady who happens to be black.<br/>The family she was born into, played an important role in nurturing her<br/>with all the skills that she needed to succeed.
 I seldom read nonfiction but I bought this book because I so admire our former First Lady. It made me smile and it made me weep. I truly miss the intelligent, compassionate Obama.s. I highly recommend this book.
 So wonderful. She writes as if speaking to the reader in a personal way
 I purchased this book for my mom as a present and she has yet to put it down. Michelle Obama's story is compelling to all of us in taking charge of our lives and putting our best foot forward in society because you never really know how your life will turn out and the people who will have the greates influence. She is truly an inspiration! Glad that my mother depends on me for getting her new titles to read.
 One of the best books I've ever read.  It's like a how to book on how to live a life that is successful (how to make choices you know are right for you - that money and what other people's opinions have are not as important) .  I have admired her and Barack from the beginning - and still do.  You can tell character (good people) - they have it!  Such lovely people.  Best Wishes to them and their girls!
 I just finished this last night. It makes me miss the Obamas even more. It was great to learn of Michelle's working-class upbringing on the South Side of Chicago. She had loving, supportive parents who worked hard to give her and her brother a good start in life by making sure they had educational opportunities. She and her brother worked hard and fulfilled their parents' hopes for them. I enjoyed the personal look into her relationship with Barack, her children, and her extended family. I highly recommend this book.
 Loved it.  So enjoyed learning about Mrs. Obama's early life and family.  Having my 12 year old granddaughter read it.  I pray that she will be inspired to greatness and a concern for others.
 This was a for sure a labor of love, it was inspiring, uplifting, emotional, and  RELATABLE to anyone. I couldn’t put it down and together with seeing Michelle Obama live at Barclay’s center, reading this book was life changing. Buy it and give it to all the important women in your life, and then ask the important men in your life to read it too.
 As always, Michelle Obama gives hope to a troubled world.  Her book, Becoming, is written from the heart and touches the heart of anyone who reads it.  She writes with such grace, humility and dignity, along with a sense of humor, that just wants you to reach out and give her a hug!<br/>The Obama family truly are a First (and very special) Family.
 First off, I ordered this as a gift to a friend for her Birthday. She loves it. I Love the fact that Michele opened her heart up and shared her life with us. I’ve heard ALL GOOD reviews about this book. Then again, Everything is Good about this AWESOME 1st Lady. To me, she is So missed in the White House. Thanks again my 1st Lady, Michele OBama.
 I had not really decided what to expect about this book, and hoped it was not full of Political mumbo jumbo.  I was not disappointed, as it was very refreshing to real an honest account of life in the Political fast lane, as a reluctant politicians partner.  Some wonderful family descriptions throughout the book, of colourful characters.  Would definitely recommend.
 I was truly impressed with this writing by Michelle Obama, her life from childhood until leaving the political arena. She is a terrific writer and she expresses herself in a very engaging manner. It was hard for me to put my Kindle down for any length of time. I was impressed with her ability to stick to her concerns and do something about them. Way to go Michelle!
 How to write a review about the life of someone so admirable?? It is difficult. I love that she watches HGTV and "say yes to the dress". This book emphasized her humanity. She shared when she was scared or worried or was just being a mom/daughter/wife. It is well written, humorous, touching and inspirational.
 This is a wonderful book.. felt like I was reliving her childhood. First Lady Michelle Obama is one of my heros...  I really admire her and her family for everything they have overcame and for everything they have stood for, and help to make happen for minorities and those forgotten.. she is an inspiration to me and so many people..she never loss sight of what is most important to her..
 I really enjoyed this book .. a very polished and easy friendly style.  Especially the first part about her childhood and also the early days of getting into politics. I was already a fan so cannot say if it will convert you if you are not, but it might. The book is not overtly political, just very human and all about a family caught in fame.
 Thanks Michelle for lifting the curtain into your genuine honest recounting of your life.<br/><br/>Thank you for helping this nation move on, learn from our constant state of change, good or bad we will always be in a state of constant change. How we deal with it is what defines our character just as it did for you and your family.
 I always read the low percentage comments first. Am amazed, truly fascinated, by the number of people who felt the book rated lower than 5 stars. Question: Why did people who obviously never liked the Obamas buy a copy of this book? Ah-ha! Probably just trying to figure out why they get standing ovations wherever they go, even years after they left the White House.
 What a remarkable story from a remarkable lady. I was fascinated by her truthfulness, resiliency, intelligence and how humble she is. She has stayed true to her roots and heritage and I am proud to have lived during this era and see her be the best FLOTUS to ever lived in at the People's house built by slaves. Such a moving story and shows that with hard work, self-respect and love we can all make it far. Love you Michi!
 Congratulations, in writing a Great Book, it gave a insight on your life and world.  Not only were you the First Lady, but you were a professional in your own right, not just another pretty face😂😂😂. I really enjoyed reading about the First Black Presidential Family.  Thank You for allowing the world, to this experience through your eyes.
 I especially enjoyed hearing Michelle read her book.  It felt like a long interview.  I had not given thought to what their day to day family life might have been like.  I felt such sorrow for the loss of normalcy she and the girls had in the major child-years of the girls.  I hope one of them will write a memoir when she is her mother’s age
 Michelle Obama's story is full of love and strength. She is a truly amazing person and an inspiration, particularly to women. It was a joy to follow her journey and I hope she will continue to share in the future.
 From the opening sentence, I felt as though the author was sitting across the table from me. Her voice is so authentic and sincere from beginning until end. She tells her life as it has been and does not sugar coat anything. She makes it clear from early on that politics is not her "thing". Her sincerity, warmth, intelligence and fortitude should be an inspiration to both men and women of any political persuasion. It is truly an excellent read!!
 Easy to relate to Mrs. Obama and raising a family. Really tells her story as it was.  No fluffy words.  Appreciated the truism of her life.  The story does tell all of us that with hard work, loving relationships, family, friends, education , and faith goals can be achieved and life changes can become a positive part of maturing. Than you for the great read!
 I learned so much about her, the President and their families. Loved knowing more about their backgrounds, their dedication to improving their city, their neighborhood and ultimately their country.<br/>Her initiatives as First Lady were incredible and so needed in this country and many remain today.<br/>They should be proud!
 This is my first review ever and I am a weekly Amazon shopper and Kindle reader. The fact that I am taking the time to review shows how much I LOVED this book. Michelle is amazing woman!! Her memoir gives you year by year insight as to how she became who she is and what is was like to be in her shoes!  I have always been a big fan of her and Barack and this book deepens that admiration and awe at their lives, accomplishments, and above all their love and devotion to each other and their girls.
 I purchased numerous copies and gave out as Christmas gifts.  Everyone immediately screamed when they opened it.  They are enjoying reading it, and even more so that it is a great keepsake.
 Obama weaves a graceful description of her life so far, adding new strands, then reaching back to add more color and depth to her tapestry. The reader is left with a glow of hope, an affirmation of the power of focused ambition and dignity to overcome obstacles in the service of good.
 I liked the complete book.  I am a white, 81 year woman who is still working as a income tax preparer.  My life was similar<br/>to Michelle Obama but didn't have the means to attend college.  My mother raised 8 children and was my best friend and my hero.  My father worked in the coal mine and was not such a great man.  My Mom kept us all together.  My dad was abusive and frightening at times.  We were poor and we were bullied and discriminated  against because  we didn't have the best clothes or the nicest homes.  I kept my grades up in school and worked my way up to now that I own my own business.  This book drew a wonderful comparison between myself and Michelle even though we lived in a different period of time.  Thank you Michelle Obama for this beautiful book showing that women can BECOME whoever they want to be.
 Certainly illuminating with respect to growing up as a female in twentieth century black Southside Chicago and continuing with an ambitious education and professional life on the way to defining her right  years as First Lady of the United States of America and as daughter, and becoming wife and mother through it all.  A remarkable work.
 It was fun looking back at all that was done for our us and our future,  the changes made in schools, meal options, the gardening, exercise, and much more.  It truly was uplifting.
 Michelle Obama is able to explore her life within the context of the racial currents and history in this country, keeping the focus on herself and what she experiences while she explores her life with an objective and observational stance allowing me to fully appreciate her life without any animus or complaint involved. I am a life long civil rights and social justice advocate and worker - this book strengthens my resolve.
 I thoroughly enjoyed Becoming by Michelle Obama!  She has such a down to earth writing style that I felt she was talking to me the entire time, sharing intimate parts of her life before, during, and after life in the White House.  She is a truly gifted story writer and I hope I will get to see more of her on the Best Seller list in the future.
 Loved it from the beginning.  Enjoyed how Mrs. Obama described her humble beginnings, her humanity, herself.  It was interesting and I enjoyed the information given while being the First Lady.  We rarely get to know the inside of the White House from the everyday living point of view regarding the body guards, the garden, the staff assisting them. That was cool to read.  Throughout the book we are entertained by this beautiful, real woman who showed us her humanitarian side, her feelings and emotions.  Could not put it down.  An autobiography that I fully enjoyed reading.
 "God is in the details." From those first details that never end, I felt I was more than a reader---a friend, a part of the family. I was drawn to the quality of determination and its strength in every activity, whether it was keeping family important or getting projects accomplished---inspiring! This book is as much a movie as a book.  I hope you continue writing, Michelle. You are a born writer, and yes writers have teams. Your writing is a flow of conversation that taking the black ink off the paper becomes family or friends in conversation---as if you are living it as you write. With gratitude for your huge effort of writing, and gratitude for all those on your team.
 Love, love, love, love this book. It is so inspiring, so I definitely gave it as Christmas gifts to all my friends. I just love how connected I felt to Michelle while reading her life story is so relatable. My daughter is now reading and we both are so in live with this Obama's love abd life story.  I have gone on to watch all the interviews Mrs Obama has done during her life of "Becoming Michelle Obama ".
 Thank you Michelle for speaking of your candid truth from a woman's perspective about your journey thus far.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I thought her honesty about her feelings and reservations of being cast into the political arena was so poignant.  If she writes another book, I would definitely buy it!
 I have enjoyed every moment of this journey. It was a lesson to young women, a support to family love and boundaries , and insight into what human spirit can accomplish! The Obamas have changed how integrity is viewed and showed America what resilience and class can look like. I admired this family from the beginning, now I'm in love. Thank you
 I have been a fan of Michelle Obama for several years,  but after reading this book I'm absolutely awestruck by her.<br/>For anyone who wants to understand the Obamas better, especially Michelle,  this book is a must-read.  For any young woman looking for inspiration,  especially young working mothers,  this is what you have been looking for.<br/>I am so proud that we had this lovely lady and her beautiful family representing our country.<br/>Her writing style is easy and breezy.  I came away from it feeling like I know her as one of my girlfriends.<br/>I've recommended this book to my friends,  my daughters, and even to my housekeeper!
 First, I am a huge fan of both Michelle and Barrack Obama.  I loved the way this book was written and the insight into politics through the eyes of the FLOTUS.  Great read.  Wish they were still in the White House.
 A reasonably detailed account of a magnificent personal and professional journey of an outstanding individual succeeding in several highly competitive environments who is now basking in the warm sunlight of world wide acclaim.  Personal and professional leadership at this level in today’s cultural environment doesn’t get much better!
 Michelle Obama's sheer strength and persistence shines through in this book filled with hope.  Even as she chronicles tragedy and difficulty she also brings the strong  undercurrent of optimism.  This is at heart a very down to earth story qbout living in an environment that is anything but and most importantly, this is Michelle's side of the story in her own beautiful words. Easily some of the best five hours 'I've ever spent.
 As I expected, this book delivered. Well written, so that the reader gets a vivid idea of each story told. One could totally understand where Mrs. Obama is coming from. I know I did, as a black woman. I recommend to all readers, not only for good reading, but for encouragement to continue to persevere, for both genders and all ages.
 This book is detailed in many personal moments in Michelle's life. I wanted to read this book to get to know the private struggles Barrack and Michelle went through in achieving something no one has.  This book did exactly that for me. Four stars instead of five only because, in my opinion, Michelle went into too much depth in parts of her life such as the charities she was involved in. Saying this, however, I now understand Michelle is an incredible person and how she became an incredible, influential first lady of our country.
 I’ve always admired Michelle for her apparent kindness and her vision for making the world a better place. After reading this book, I’m humbled by her drive to lift others up, no matter what country they were in.  Her ability to look past the detractors and the viciousness in which they tried and continue to try to bring her down is monumental.  Her strength in remaining positive as the country headed south in terms of misogyny and racism and her unwillingness to give up.  Thank you for all you have done, and continue to do, to be an inspiration for women of every shape, size and color.
 Inspiring, honest, full of hope.  This is more than an autobiography.  This is a book of inspiration, hope, humor, and encouragement to continue becoming your best version of yourself no matter who you are.  I miss Michelle Obama as our First Lady - but I am so glad we had her for eight years.  She's a beautiful example of how to be a woman, a mother, a leader, and a spouse.
 An essential human story for humans
 It is interesting to get an inside personal view of what it was like to campaign for President, win the election and live in the White House.  Michelle has opened up her life in intricate detail of her family history in becoming the first family.  It is an enjoyable, eye opening read from start to finish.  I highly recommend it.
 I thought it impossible for me to respect Michelle Obama more than I already did, but I was wrong. This insightful, hopeful, powerful memoir is a balm on the wounds of our presently fractured country. If, after all she has been through, she can continue to “go high,” and remain optimistic, then perhaps I can continue to try to do so, as well.
 This was probably one of the best books that I have ever read. Michelle Obama made me feel like I was a part of her life, with all of her insecurities, challenges and triumphs.
 What a wonderfully written memoir by a truly wonderful human being. I don’t know where to begin. I laughed, I cried. My heart sang, my heart broke. I could relate and I couldn’t even imagine. Thank you Michelle for your sacrifice and service to our country and for your frank, warm, honest opening of your heart to the rest of us.
 Finally a person of "status" letting all people know we are just normal people with the same concerns, struggles and desires to do better in life, us like every other human. Marriage is work, raising kids is work and we want to get it right. We are more alike than we are different. Don't let skin tone, you grinder or zip code define you.
 I am not familiar with Chicago, this book has opened a window to get to know Chicago.<br/>Michelle paints a picture of the real life in a working class African American family. Has a tone of Optimism as she says and a positive approach. I admire her respect and sensitivity toward the members of another Party or Administration.<br/>True Lady, educated woman.
 I've truly enjoyed this book.  It is very well written and reflects the intelligence of the woman who wrote it.  I have an even deeper appreciation for the Obamas now that I have more of the back story.  I hope they both continue to stay active in serving the people of this country in whatever capacity their hearts lead them to do so.  Most importantly - this book has encouraged me to continue to do what I can to make a positive impact.  Buy the book.  Read it.  Encourage others to read it.
 What an insightful, thought-provoking read!  Mind boggling to learn how hard Michelle worked everyday of her life to achieve such greatness for herself, her family, and our country.  Thank you for all your hard work and sacrifice!
 This book is a very well written description of life of President and Mrs. Obama in the white house and before. It provides thoughtful insight into  the challenges of a minority president working for the people while blocked by a republican congress.
 My neighborhood book group selected this book. I found it fascinating to learn of the trajectory of Ms. Obama's life; her thoughts were reflective and she learned from the experiences of others around her.  With sharing that she and Barack sought marriage counseling to iron our some time issues in their lives (she was pretty regimented and he was more easy-going), she showed us all that relationships take conscientious intent. She allowed us a peep into the workings of the White House which was illuminating.  I thought the book was a bit on the long side and that some chapters might have been shorter.  This is a worthwhile read.
 A provocative memoir of a woman of humble beginnings, who led an extraordinary life. It was not a perfect life but one filled with insightful experiences and purpose. Each of her roles as a career woman, wife, mom and First Lady gives you a glimpse of how it all came together and still evolving into becoming the best person she could be.
 She starts with her childhood and takes us through every stage of her life. She’s a brilliant woman, a a deep thinker, and passionate about people and issues she believes in. The only reason I didn’t give it 5 stars is because I found her repetitive at times. I began to skim those sections so they didn’t ruin the experience of imagining walking in Michelle Obama’s extraordinary shoes.
 I cried a lot while reading Becoming. The dignity &amp; grace of the Obama’s along with their strength and vision for a better world is a light shown brightly throughout their journey. I always loved them. I still do. Thank you for sharing your life &amp; insights. Blessings to you all &amp; much love.
 What I so enjoyed about this book is it felt very conversational. It was almost as though Michelle Obama was sitting down having a chat with me about her life.  Although there were some things I knew mostly since she came into the spotlight as the First Lady, I knew little else. It was a very refreshing read and captured her voice and spirit well! Highly recommend!
 Mrs.  Obama made you feel like you were a friend and a part of her life. I really loved her honesty. I felt like I was taking the journey with her.  I really enjoyed this book.
 I was bowled over by my reactions to this book.  Without knowing a lot about Michelle Obama, I admired what I saw and heard, but this book has provided unusual insight into this exceptional woman.  Her recollections and reflections of childhood are piercing.  Her assessment of marriage truthful and thought provoking.  I learned a lot about the presidential process and am very glad not to play any part in politics.  A must read
 I knew the basic facts about Michelle Obama and always have considered her to be intelligent, thoughtful, extremely accomplished, and someone worthy of the utmost respect. Even so, reading this book gave me a newfound sense of appreciation for her and Barack Obama. Beyond a clear and what feels like an appropriately candid narration of  her life, this book has so many insightful nuggets that prompted me to reflect on who I am and who I am becoming. This is a book that anyone can learn from, and it's one I will read time and time again.
 I rarely buy autobiographies but I have always admired Mrs. Obama and thought I would give it a try. I loved it. It is written in the same style in which Michelle speaks, light, breezy, with a laugh just below the surface. Her chapter on when she and Barack met brought tears to my eyes. The same with Malia’s birthday party in Montana. I admire her more than ever now and heartily recommend the book.
 Michelle Obama takes you on a journey of her childhood to her 8 years as First Lady.  She did not grow up in a life of privilege as many of our previous First Ladies.  Her story is honest and uplifting. She makes you feel that anything in life is possible if you want it bad enough. It just takes persistence and hard work.
 I can’t stress enough how phenomenal this book is. Michelle is at her realest, rawest and everyone needs to read this regardless of their political affiliations. This is a book for the aspiring student, the mothers, for the people within us that want to do more in their lives. You forget that she was the First Lady and for a moment you think she’s just another somebody looking for her place in life. It’s wonderful. I’m not a crier, but I cried a few times somehow. It’s not politics-heavy I promise.
 This is a well written and thought book that details the perspective of former First Lady Michelle Obama, an authentic self-made, focused and committed to the noblest of causes of humanity: to inspire and improve the quality of life all citizens through honest effort and work. The details of her infancy, youth, and adulthood and lastly as a First Lady transpire unique aspects of her life, education, challenges and a constant assessment of her role as a woman, a mother, and a leader.
 I really reading the journey Michelle was on. She writes humbly about her concerns, challenges and triumphs. Well written. This book opens the door into many questions we have of the experience of the president and his family while living in the white house.
 I loved this book.  It was inspiring. Warm, funny and made me cry. The Idea that we all have a story to tell reminded me of the value of my personal journey as well.  Thank you for telling your story Mrs. Obama . It left a lasting impression.
 Felt like I got to meet her personally. She is so down to earth, ambitious, caring, and relatable. She seems to be a supportive wife, encouraging mother, and the best first lady of this time. She truly cares for her country. She deserves all the success she has garnered and is a great role model for all women. This book was a real page turner. Rich in history and personal reflection. I truly enjoyed reading it. Grateful to my hubby for getting it for me.
 I honestly enjoyed reading this book and having a look at the life of a “First Family” from the inside. The next book I read was “The President is Missing” by Bill Clinton &amp; James Patterson, and the descriptions of the White House life upstairs seemed familiar. Interesting to think how much first-hand knowledge came through both books.
 It seems like it took forever to complete in-between holidays but it was an interesting read to learn about how Michelle grew up and the dynamics of her family and upbringing. Some of the parts about running for office got a bit long winded but as to be expected when you are trying to explain things. Overall a good read
 What an EXTRAORDINARY &amp; POWERFUL memoir!  Moving, emotional, transparent &amp; insightful! Thanks for letting us into a world most of us could never imagine or have endured!
 You owe it to yourself to read this book. Honest, truthful, sometimes funny (lol) others times scary and sometimes just tugs at your heart and soul.  Easy read with honesty and nothing to hide words.  Transparent and a testimony to the human spirit.  Hard work, sacrifice, making sure your compass is pointed at “TRUE” north, and knowing who you are, what you are and what you want to be!  Amazing life lessons for everyone.
 I loved Michelle Obama's memoir.  This book is beautifully written.  What I admire most is her intelligence, optimism, and incredible humanity reflected in these pages.
 We all know how it turns out. But here is the backstory. What and who shaped this woman?  What defined and challenged her?  Are there lessons for girls and women aspiring to leadership in today's world?  Yes!  And, if you like Michelle, or are only curious about her, it's a page turner. Enjoy!
 Excellent memoir! First Lady Michelle Obama hits a home run with her deeply personal &amp; honest portrayal of her life from beginning her journey of life to 'becoming' the amazing role model for all of ya in today's time!
 Both my wife and I love "Becoming."  I'm 95% through and sorry to see the experience is ending.  I know that many authors append their books with one or more E-Updates and I'm hoping that she will do the same here. I'd love to hear her insights on our current "situation." What a 180° change overnight.  This was my best read this year. Thanks, Michelle, for taking the time and effort to write it.
 I loved this book.  I am an Obama fan, both of Michelle and Barak.  This book gave me more insight into the experiences of African/American families, and certainly more insight into the lives of politicians, their wives and other family members, and others who inhabit The White House.  I enjoyed every minute of reading this book!
 I loved all the insights Michelle so freely and honesty shared into her's and Barack's 8 year stint in the Whitehouse.  I am so sorry they are no longer there.  They were outstanding as the first couple, as husband and wife and individually.  Very interesting and honest and heartfelt story of their time together, and of who Michelle really was and is.  I really found it entirely informative, inspiring and educational.
 I absolutely love reading about Michelle Obama 'Becoming.' Each page solidifies Michelle Obama's place in history, (or rather 'her'story). She made history as the First African American FLOTUS, but to read her story in detail, makes her even more relatable. I admire and respect Michelle Obama!
 Michelle Obama has touched the lives of a grateful nation for the past 10 years. Perz is the story of love, faith, trust and triumph. As first lady, she exhibited the kind of grace and professionalism that symbolizes the true nature of this great country. She continues to inspire with hope and dignity and forever will be the standard by which future first ladies should be judged.
 My wife and I both have now read this and we had the same reaction.  It is wonderfully well written and a delightful blend of humor, opinion, and insights.  There is no question that this FLOTUS is one of the most well grounded women we have seen in the public space.  I hope her story will encourage more women to be like her.
 This is a book that I highly recommend.  It is well written and would be especially helpful for anyone struggling with childcare and work.<br/>It presents a beautiful picture of a marriage relationship and ways in which it can be kept alive.<br/>Michelle is so open in expressing feelings both positive and negative.
 I felt my own personal growth as I read. This book was insightful, empowering, awe inspiring, tearjerking, but wrenching, and truly truly strengthening. To feel ypur own power in the story of others is the reason I read. It's the reason I write. So that another young woman may see that the steps of her journey may not include the beaten path but will be her path and important as she forges the way for other. Forever my FLOTUS! BRAVO!!
 Can’t say enough about it. She’s funny, smart, humble, vulnerable, honest. You can hear her voice on every page. Lovely to read. And addresses challenges in accessible ways.
 I was totally captivated by this whole book.  It is not only grammatically so well written but is excellent literature.  I have some issues with her discussion of the Whitehouse years. I found those most illuminating about all the various issues that she involved herself particularly with young women and her own children.The early years growing up on the South Side of Chicago were riveting as I have some familiarity with the area. I cannot recommend this book more highly.
 Manages to escape most of the treacly cautiousness of political bios. The writing is ok but the storytelling is great and so the book flies by and is done before you know it.
 Phenomenal memoir and retelling of the Obama Family story, Michelle’s back story.  Explains some of conflicting junk in the news in 2007-2009.  Well written.
 Michelle Obama’s memoir is well-written, sharp, funny, and tear-jerking. It’s honest, and she writes herself as strong &amp; intelligent, yet slightly self-deprecating. Her words and her life story make me admire her even more than I did before, and her eloquent storytelling pulls you in as soon as you begin reading.
 I thoroughly enjoyed getting to know Michelle- I feel I can call her that as she is open, honest, caring thoughtful human being. Thank you for this wonderful book!
 Becoming by Michelle Obama is a reminder that anyone can get the job done. She was vulnerable in each chapter, yet reminded us that she is a career woman, a wife, a mother, and above all a human being just like each and every one of us; every time a new challenge rose, she threw herself in without losing her voice. My favorite part of the book is when she strived to promote girls' education/ education for minorities in general. Thank you for reminding us that, if we just believe in ourselves, we all deserve a seat at the Ivy League schools! Honestly this is one of the best investments of 2018-19, and definitely worth every penny.
 Becoming is a reminder of it's not where you are from but about where you go, how you get there and learn and grow along the way. I read this at exactly the right time in my life as I changed careers and started "becoming" the next phase of my life. This book gives me hope and renewed sense of self and determination that I am good enough.
 Michelle Obama successfully takes you through the journey of her life to date sharing the meaningful and inspiring insights of what it has felt like to come from a humble background in the mid west, be female,  a daughter, a sister, a wife, a mom, a professional and African American as she ascends to her unexpected position as first lady.  It is a book of full of truth, vulnerability, optimism and hope.  It is also an interesting first hand account of the realities of what it felt like to be inside the White House during the 8 years Barrack was in office.  This is an excellent read and an inspiring account of what it means to be an American and truly courageous and powerful human being.  She is an inspiration to us all.
 Amazing and inspirational story. You don't have to be political to enjoy. This story shows that you can become anything from something that seems so small.
 Purchased as a Christmas gift, and confident after reading the reviews as well as an appreciation for what this former FLOTUS accomplished while in office, that it will be a good read.
 Becoming offers Michelle Obama's unique perspective on growing from Southside Chicago to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Her priorities are clear, and her heart is definitely in the right place. I admired her more after reading how she managed to raise her children and sustain herself and her marriage in the intense fishbowl of the White House.
 I really enjoyed reading  Michelles story. I learned so much about her that I didnt know.<br/>Even if you didnt like  there time in white house, its  still a very interesting  story  from one of the<br/>very few people alive that knows what its like to live in the bubble of the white house.<br/>\
 Michelle Obama, in her very real, folksy style, gives us all a glimpse into her life's progression.  Well written and inspiring, she addresses the challenges and frustrations that all women and mothers encounter.  What a wonderfully talented woman and a class act, yet she shows herself as just one of us girls!
 Great book. Hated to reach the end. Interesting description of the lives of President Obama and Michelle that led them to each other and their relationship as husband and wife and parents. Insight into social conditions African Americans experienced growing up and getting an education. Warm and easy to read with many interesting details concerning life in the White House. Amazing perspective from the female point of view concerning roles in society.  Bought electronic version but plan to buy the print version as parts I want to reread.
 I ordered two copies as Christmas gifts, and BOTH have missing pages/empty pages, so they aren’t even readable. And I never noticed, so it’s too late to return.
 Michelle is an amazingly intelligent and introspective woman. Her book is incredibly detailed, incisive and emotional. What a keen perspective she gives of surviving in the US political culture, while still providing a family with the unity it needs
 Like most others report, it’s a page turner that is inspiring. It’s a great combo of historical &amp; cultural relevancy mixed with words of wisdom from someone who is both down to earth and beautiful inside and out. I mostly appreciated the funny stories from public life and how hard she worked to keep family life as her dominant focus throughout.
 This book made me feel good reading it.  Inspires me to do more than just sit back and count on others to do things.  There is so much more to the woman that I didn’t know about.  Her true labors of love to help children and young women across the globe and caring attitude towards everyone she encounters... she is truly a remarkable woman with an inspiring story to tell.  I only wish I had bought a hard copy so I could pass it on to others.
 Loved it but would have preferred more time spent post University and with more info regarding the triumphs and tribulations designing and implementing her many programs while in the White House. The personal development aspect would be seen through these accomplishments as she had extensively detailed her growth from childhood to the White House
 I found Michelle telling about her early life was very interesting and gave a fuller picture of the person she has become. Her depictions of Obama and their life together was always respectful and caring. A perfect example of what type of sensitive and very intelligent people who should be in the Whitehouse.
 Written in her own eloquent voice, she inspires and makes us hopeful in shaky times like these. I loved this book and I love the Obamas. It was really interesting to read about her own experience as first lady, wife, mother and woman. I wish I could sit and have coffee with this wonderful lady. Please read this book.
 Growing up on the south side of Chicago, I realized that Michelle and I have many similarities. While I didn't finish my Bachelor's degree and my Master's degree until I was fully grown, I've always understood the value of education. I also think this  book should be included in high school curricula for all freshman students! Thanks for sharing your journey with us Michelle!
 Michelle Obama's Memoir is beautifully written and candid. I enjoyed the behind the scenes look at life in the White House, life on the campaign trail and her loving portrayal of raising her children as well as reading about the way she was raised. One does not have to be a fan of the Obamas to appreciate this book
 An honest, un-sugar coated but inspiring look into the life of Mrs Obama. Many of her struggles, doubts and insecurities will resonate, regardless of your personal story.  I found myself vowing to be a better person myself, while simultaneously grieving for the current situation of our country.  The Obamas still give me hope.
 People made a lot noise about this book, and it was worth every ounce of attention. It was a lovely story, beautifully written and deeply descriptive. It was by far the best book I read in 2018. Michelle has an amazing story to tell, and she told it colourfully and honestly.
 I think the memoir was especially poignant to me, because I am a black woman in her early 50s&gt; I can relate to the First Lady's growing experience. Also, having witnessed the history-making event of electing the first African American president, and watching and admiring the family for more than eight years, it was interesting to get a glimpse of the history and behind the scenes events. I also have to mention that it was well-written, amusing, interesting, all the ingredients for a good read.
 There were so many things this book revealed that I never thought about.  Nor could I imagine our current president, or his family, even coming close to understanding, or being willing to learn about.
 I loved listening to this book because of the calmness, the emotion and the sincerity of Michelle Obama’s voice as she recounted her life before and after her eight years as FLOTUS. From the first page I couldn’t stop listening as she  recounted many places and events in Chicago and Washington DC that I remembered.
 The beginning was unrealistic when she described the president. The middle was more realistic when she described him as a workaholic. He was a great president now I know why. The rest of the book was kind of the same thing over and over. I applaud her for all the hard work she put into being a First Lady.
 An engaging storytelling that explores the  personal transformation of a seemingly ordinary woman to a bonafide global figure.  Her story has strokes of universality as she unfolds the economic struggles of a family, the sorrow of illness &amp; death, the intricacies of courtship, marriage &amp; motherhood, the power of education, the shame of institutional racism and the kabuki of politics. With a combination of intellect and emotion, reflection and vision, humility and boldness, she has attempted to get the most out of her personal challenges and opportunities. Truly inspirational and aspirational!
 Self fluctuating
 I enjoyed this book immensely.  I learned a lot I didn’t know about her and their family. She honestly shared her history and her perceptions and gave us a glimpse into her. The book wasn’t about tooting her own horn and blowing up her ego. One of the most insightful, good books I’ve read in a long time.
 This is a good book. I have really enjoyed it so far. She is a good story teller. Even with the difference in our ages, you can relate to what she was feeling growing up.
 I was apprehensive about buying this because While I am interested in politics I have trouble with political books because I get disheartened, and I generally don’t read memoirs, but I’m so glad I got it. It is very well-written and interesting; I couldn’t put it down. She does an excellent job balancing her story with Barack’s, the light with the heavy, the public with the private. It’s great to find out more about Michelle’s life, and to see Barack’s ascent and presidency through her eyes.
 From this remarkable woman there is a story of the power of love and hope and very hard work. Well written and a joy to read. A journey of grace and power. Thank you. Michelle for sharing your becoming and inspiring ours.
 I love this book and would recommend it to anyone. It was full details of the Obama family that I had no idea about. This book is quit lengthy but keeps your interest.
 Great read.......couldn’t put the book down!!  Was very impressed with her background and how she grew up with caring parents and brother.........how she overcame her racial issues obstacles and showed how resilient she really is......loved her style of writing......
 This book gives you an insight into going through the election process with a family.  It is well written and makes me admire Michelle Obama even more.
 Good Read! Acknowledgement of pain and suffering for our families serving in the  Armed Forces. Points out the small things that business do for big bucks that really hurt people who trust them, hence we are purchaing food that we should not eat or use. Forces people to think for themselves!! Great Michelle.
 This book exceeded my expectations.  I bought it to learn more about the Obama’s was happily suprised to read Michlle’s life story.  She shares her wisdom, we don’t have to stay stuck we are always becoming.  Recommmend as a gift to young people choosing their path in life and to everyone considering life changes.
 I really enjoyed reading this book. Michel gave me a look into what it’s like to be a First Lady &amp; a glimpse of living in The White House. The writing was excellent! That’s what made the book. She mainly showed us her positive side &amp; how being black affected has affected her  life. She also shared her emotional side, which I enjoyed.
 This is possibly the best book I’ve read in the past twenty years. So many times people I’ve really liked and admired from afar become “fallen idols “ when you get to know more about them. Not so with Michelle Obama. She is just the person I thought and hoped she would be. That gives me great hope for the future. 😊
 I very much enjoyed Michelle's book!!  She is so open and honest about her thoughts of wether Barack would actually become president!  She told her side of those years with such class!! She is an outstanding woman,wife, and mother!!
 I purchased this book and haven’t had the time to sit and read it. I am anticipating the powerful narrative of Michelle’s life. I thoroughly admire how she, president Obama, and the girls presented themselves to the world. Michelle is an inspiration and I know her book will inspire me and women around the world. Her truth is captivating. Can’t wait to read.
 This story is from Michelle's earliest year with her family sharing personal stories of her dads struggle with MS to her own struggle of fertility. Her relationship with her husband and their life through politics. Michelle narrates the story herself that resonates compassion and empathy through out.
 I absolutely adore Michelle Obama. She is class personified. This book was inspirational and so on point as a professional woman, mother and daughter. I felt her frustration and deep love for this country. I look forward to seeing her in person in Houston in March.  She will forever be my First Lady!
 If you lack hope because of the current political climate in Washington DC, and the imbecile in chief, read Becoming.  You will once more be filled with hope and faith in the human spirit.  Michelle Obama is a beautiful writer and a beautiful person.  She is the perfect antidote to the bullying and the wealthy entitlement that inhabits the White House now and is truly a great example of what meritocracy means, again in such a contrast to the inherited wealth and the immigrant wife who inhabit the White House (despite, incredulously,  losing the vote count in the 2016 presidential election by 3 million votes).
 I am a big fan of Michelle Obama and was really excited about this book. I think being a mom of a toddler and pregnant made it hard for me to binge this book so it seemed long to me. I paused for several weeks before digging back in and it was a refreshing read through the end. I would recommend it.
 I appreciated the opportunity to hear about Michelle Obama's background and experience that have contributed to the intelligent, articulate and caring woman that she is today. Her accomplishments are a tribute to her upbringing, as well as her own determination and perseverance. Her story is engaging and the book is well written. I hope to hear more from her in the future.
 I am a recently retired military member ... was never so proud of this amazing country in 2008 ...cried tears of joy...from Iraq as he was sworn in.<br/>Again, so proud to serve under the amazing man that was re-elected in 2012...he belonged ...and our country recognized ...<br/>Only to cry tears of sadness and fear of what would become of electing a man of such divisive antagonistic hateful words and actions...in 2016.<br/>She stayed “high” in her book (as they did every day in the WH) ..it is a beautiful recollection of amazing experiences ...we all know what the media portrayed of events...it was truly humbling to read the personal experiences Michelle Obama recounts in a heart warming, (sometimes heart wrenching) truth.
 This is by FAR that best biography that I have EVER read. I cannot believe that it took me so long to get around to reading this magnificent creation. This will be a book that is forever on my bookshelf and read often! Thank you for sharing your life with us once more as if we haven't been extrusive enough already.
 I thought this would be  an easy christmas gift request for my son's who find it hard to find the perfect gift for me.  I pondered on the kindle version or the hard copy, going for the later. This is a must read,  every page brings you in deeper. So much I revist my own childhood. It's soo funny to find I have much in common with "The Best First Lady ever".Please get this book.  You will finish it, and then read it again.
 During their time in the White House I always felt the Obamas were such a great couple. Their love for each other just radiates. It was  great to dive into Mrs. Obama's past and learn that really though, they have some of the same relationship struggles as the rest of us.<br/>Michelle has to be one of the most driven women in the world! As a working mom finishing my last semester of college,  she has  become such an inspiration to me. Her work with children, girls in particular, was so influential.<br/>Great read-lots of tears, quite a few laughs, and a whole lot of girl power!!
 She always has a positive note to what she endured. She is definitely a role model to younger people. It’s an honor to say she was our First Lady.
 Michelle Obama is an amazing national person who is honest, motivating, and kind.<br/>I gave this book to my millennial for inspiration for a brighter future.
 An intimate look into Michelle Obama's life, career, and most especially, her heart. She gives us a warm, generous, and fair accounting of her and her family's struggles, joys, family, w,ork, and accomplishments. The voice is natural and authentic; reading it feels like listening to friend. Look for interesting and funny behind-the -scenes-in- the-White House anecdotes!
 I have admired Michele Obama for many years and thoroughly enjoyed this book.  She is a real, sincere person and grew up in a realistic family.
 She did not disappoint with this book and I expected nothing less. She keeps it real while still taking the high road (we know what you really wanted to say). This book is a heartfelt story of a girl from the Southside of Chicago doing the impossible. A great read.
 Wonderful read.  Such an inspiration to everyone to never give up hope.<br/><br/>Should be a must read for all young people.  Education is key!
 Becoming was a well written account of what it's like to be drawn into the world of politics and being the first lady! Not only the first lady, but the first African American First Lady of The United States. Mrs. Obama shares poignant emotions, personal insights, reflections and attitudes about her journey into the White House. I would highly recommend reading this extraordinary work of The journey to BECOME!
 A read for all . Insightful as Mrs Obama shares her world as she grew from a young girl into the First Lady of our country. Her concerns  and accomplishments are shared.
 I bought this book because I happen to love what  this First Lady  stands for  I raised my children to strive for the best they could be but to always love and respect those they might meet on their way<br/>Michelle embodies the total Woman we should all strive to be and she tells her story with Truth, Love and most importantly with Honor.
 Inspiring through and through! Excellence personified, as : appreciative daughter, sister, student, grad student, lawyer, wife, mother, First Lady, advocate (children, women, military families, marginalized groups), ad infinitum. A well told story about ethical commitment, perseverance and overcoming challenges....proving what’s possible in the United States of America, even against all odds.
 Wow!  It's something to read the details of someone's life that you have come to admire.  I never knew all that she went through to become the First Lady!
 Michelle Obama's book is wonderful, insightful, filled with humor and just plain humanity and love. She has had a great life journey so far, and I would expect nothing less than that the Obamas together will have one of the most successful and meaningful post-presidency periods in our history.
 I also got this book on Audible. It was like sitting in my living room talking to Michelle. It describes things about the first family, any first family, that you never thought of.  From privacy and security, to living your life in full public view, makes me appreciate being just one of the crowd.
 This seemed like she was trying to explain and defend herself more than anything, but I still really enjoyed it. At times, it seemed a little self-congratulatory; almost bragging about sacrifices she chose to make. However, this was another book that I couldn't put down. I thought the writing was above average and her story flowed well - I enjoyed getting to know our former first lady on a somewhat personal basis.
 I'll admit, it's been awhile since I sat down and read a book (shame on me).  I got this for a birthday present and haven't been able to put it down.  She is a great storyteller and the subject matter is absolutely relevant.
 You will be delighted and rewarded by this deeper glimpse into the life of Michelle Obama.  If you have ever wondered how to turn a hope or dream into a concrete plan for success, this book will further that insight.  The heartfelt true story of the thoughts and actions of our ground-breaking and historic FLOTUS Obama is an essential read.  Having read "Becoming", I now feel as if I have had a personal conversation with Michelle.
 Just a straight forward story of Michelle Obama's life.  She doesn't embellish, just tells the story of a child that grew up in a lower income loving family, married the love of her life and stood beside him to build an amazing life.  It is a great read and shows you just what a hard working and intelligent woman she is.  Definitely recommend this book.
 Liked how the first lady told her story...the good and the not so good of being FLOTUS and Mom while her husband campaigned and became POTUS.
 It is the story of Michelle Obama growing up in Chicago, her neighborhood and school years, then college and the run for the White House.  The culture shock of moving into the white house and moving out.  Having security and then having none.  She writes like she is talking directly to you.
 I have even more respect for her than I had before I read this book.  She truly is the American dream coming from lower, middle class to the First Lady of the United States.  A must read
 This book was very inspirational as First Lady Obama shared real insight and feelings.  Your life story is one that will inspire many young people to always strive for more.  I am very encouraged after reading your book and I am 67 years.  Thank you for being a great example for the whole world to see.
 This book is very readable. While I might disagree with some of the assertions she made in the book I found it to make her human and real. To me that is high praise.
 Michelle Obama does an amazing job writing her entire life until just after the end of her stay in the white house. She made it interesting, while still taking less than five hundred pages. This book is aimed a little bit more at older folk, but I had a great time reading this book, a d I'm in 6th grade. (Though I do have a tendency to read young adult novels, so I might. not  be one that should be talking.
 Michelle Obama is both a gifted person and a gifted writer.  "Becoming" reminds us all that we should continue to grow and strive for personal improvement.  My admiration of Michelle and the Obama family grows stronger after reading this book and after observing from afar how they live their lives post-White House.  You are a great role model, Michelle!  Thanks for "being" that and more.
 LOVE this book. She's honest, open, and paints very good word pix. Probably will re-read sections that I read too quickly the first time.
 This is an incredible story of love, hope and perseverance.I learned a lot about the rigors of being in the public eye always being scrutinized. Incredible!!
 Gave this to my mom for Christmas and she LOVED it! She called me when she finished it and was sad because she said she didn't want it to end! She has already shared it with several friends, and will continue to do so. Wonderful story by a very wonderful woman of our time. Everyone needs this in their library collection.
 My wife and I are loving this audio book narrated my Michelle Obama. She is amazing. Well worth the time. So much detail of her life, Chicago, the presidency, etc.
 Reading this book made me miss the Obamas so much more. Love the background stories Michelle gives. All the struggles. Makes you feel like you were there with them.
 Inspirational and beautiful written.  I enjoyed every page and sometimes with some tears.  Most of all I am so glad I voted for this family and grateful for all that they did for this nation. You give us hope. Please keep writing your ideas, we need you
 I have ever read.  I mostly read murder mysteries, so this is the first bio I have read.  I had to read it because I have respected Michelle Obama so much and wanted to know more about her life.  It was an easy read. Even though I  knew the ending I found myself staying up late wanting to know what her life was truly like.
 I enjoyed the Obama's years in the Whitehouse, and I couldn't wait to get my hands on this book. It was well worth waiting for, and I am very happy to have my very own copy.<br/>The book begins with Michelle's childhood, and encompasses her life story up until leaving the Whitehouse. Her story comes from the heart, and it's an easy read - not full of fancy jargon that one might need  dictionary to understand. I must say I knew the Obama's were different from run of the mill politicians I had become accustomed to. She and Barack are very intelligent; yet humble and down to earth and care deeply about helping others.<br/>I just loved this book!
 What a beautiful and inspirational memoir. Michelle’s very real story just adds to her allure. This was a true American Dream story and I am in awe of the dignity and poise she brings to every aspect of her life.
 One can not have  read Becoming without being inspired to be more involved and to help others and  yourself to be more accepting, tolerant and fair.  Michelle Obama's memoir has helped me understand better that through knowledge, experience and  stepping out of one's comfort zone and being more open to new experiences, new ideas, will  opportunities for change and growth be afforded me.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama isn't preachy or judgemental.  She writes smoothly, with a sense of humor and clarity. She doesn't't push her message at you, but shares her story with sensitivity and strength.  We need more of this message of change and growth through compassion and understanding!
 A well written book giving insight into how Michelle Obama evolved into the woman she is today. At times it felt like she and I were engaged in a conversation due to the easy, descriptive style that she employed to share her story. Anyone who has ever questioned their own self-worth will devour this book!
 BECOMING was one of the most important books I have ever read.  Mrs. Obama tells how to start from  a simple life and become one of the most important women in the world.  During this growth, she and her husband continued to do the right things for the right reasons.  I admire both of them.
 Becoming is an easy to read, highly inspirational and interesting to read. I recommend it for everyone.<br/><br/>Carol Theodorou, EdD
 MICHELLE ROBINSON'S EARLY LIFE  WAS SO MUCH LIKE MY OWN MIDDLE CLASS CHILDHOOD THAT I COULD EASILY<br/>IDENTIFY  WITHOUT CONSIDERING RACE. LIKE HER,SO MANY OF US THAT GOT EDUCATED THROUGH SCHOLARSHIPS.<br/>WONDER IF WE ARE GOOD ENOUGH.<br/>  WE ALSO LEARN  THINGS ABOUT BARAK OBAMA  THAT REVEAL WHAT AN EXTRAORDINARY PERSON HE IS.<br/>ORIGINALLY I DID NOT INTEND TO READ THIS BOOK,THINKING IT WOULD BE THE USUAL WHITE HOUSE MEMOIR.<br/>THE NEW YORK TIMES REVIEW  CHANGED MY MIND FOR WHICH I AM GRATEFUL.
 Real, earthy, glamorous, and inspiring. Michelle Obama was a First Lady like no other. Despite her no-nonsense style, her warmth and kindness shine through on every page of this remarkable story--divided into the three phases of her life: Becoming herself, becoming Mrs. Obama, and becoming First Lady.
 This book is a look into Michelle Obama's life starting as a child through present time. You get such a human feel for who she is and what makes her tick. She is so much like a lot of women, strong, loving, caring, concerned and smart. The country is better for having had her for our first lady! This is such a great read!
 I got 3 copies one for myself and 2 as gifts for my Mom and Sister for Christmas. Just started reading it and am enjoying it very much .
 I really am enjoying this book. I can feel how real and open Michelle is about her life. Many things that she has mentioned in this book I can relate to. Her describing Barack and his ways line up with how he was as a president. She is as humans as everyone else. This is an excellent book. Michelle’s personality radiates throughout the whole book.
 Very enjoyable reading. I found it quite interesting that even though I'm a 72 year old white male I could relate to some of her childhood experiences. Insecurities come in all shapes and sizes. Thanks for a great book and being an amazing First Lady.  Best wishes to you and your family.
 I really enjoyed how Michelle wrote this book. I feel like I know her and would like her as a friend.  It was interesting how she grew up in Chicago and how she got around.  She is a great Mom with her girls and understanding with Barack who becomes our President.  She was a good First Lady!  Interesting reading!!<br/>Wish we had them back at the White House!
 This is a glimpse at the struggles of being in the public life is like. Grace, intelligent,,personable and caring describe Michelle Obama. Her book is insight into life inside the White House. A dignified lady who realized the importance of the role she played in helping youth and women find a voice.
 A joy to read.  I have come to love this woman through her story.  She is an needed Icon of grace and dignity so ended in our country.
 Loved it, so interesting and inspirational. Just can’t comprehend why things took such a dive after having such a dynamic duo, when they were there.
 Love, love, love Michelle Obama and read this is just a couple of sittings.  Enjoyed it so much!  Very little of it is about her time in the WH...more about how she grew up, the people that influenced her and her relationship with Barack.  We get to go to her event in Austin in February and we are SO excited!
 This book gives such insight into the soul of this remarkable woman but also the neverending job of being the First Family. Thouching, real, and uplifting.
 I laughed, I cried, I ran an emotional marathon with this book. I devoured it and cherished the time spent reading Beloved. Absolutely one of my all time favorite books. The book has now an honored place on my coffee table and to all my friends who want to borrow it I say " you will want your own copy to keep for re-reads" .
 Michelle Obama is an awesome woman and her memoir gives insight into the many factors that make this so.  She writes with ease, humor, honesty and intelligence.  I enjoyed every page and can highly recommend this book to anyone who can respect a truly capable accomplished woman who is willing to share her own truth.
 I always admired Michelle Obama but after reading Becoming I am in awe of her energy, resiliency, tenacity and compassion. I was only vaguely aware of the good she had done during the Obama administration but now see that it's been a lifelong journey for her. The pictures of her life that her words painted at times brought me to tears. I look forward to future Obama contributions to our injured society. We miss your dignity and decency.
 This story is so compelling it was hard not to finish in one sitting. I watched it unfold in real time...from a distance. I am reminded of the last lines of a famous musical, "don't let it be forgot that once there was a spot, for one, brief, shining moment that was known as Camelot".
 I love this book, it's excellent. Is a great motivation book specially for young girls, it motivates you to feel good with yourself.
 Love, love, love it!  I read it as soon as it came out... but this order/copy was a gift I was happy to give.  Such an inspirational book!
 Thoroughly enjoyed her writing style. Her childhood memories helped me remember mine.  I laughed, I cried and I prayed as I read this book. Truly represents a part of America we don’t see or hear from enough.
 This should be required reading for students, career professionals, crafts persons, retirees and any other persons with the ability to read. It is well-written and very interesting. It gives a close-up experience as to how it feels to live the life of a family, occupying the most powerful space on earth. Thanks for this insightful and encouraging “walk in time and space” toward becoming...
 Wonderful to get to know your story and the dignity and grace you brought to the presidency.  No one is perfect but you were perfect for the country at a time when so much is on the line. You make me proud to be from Illinois and to have had our children benefit from your forward thinking humanitarianism.  Bravo!!!!!
 An amazing journey from a small apartment on the south side of Chicago to the First Lady of the United States living in the White House.  Instead of a famous person I see on television at a distance, she feels like a normal woman who I think I would enjoy being friends with.  I really enjoyed reading her story.  Was very well written and I was never bored.  Worth the time and money to read.
 I loved the behind the scenes look at what happened before she became First Lady and how she had to meet the expectations of so many.
 Michelle Obama brings us through her growing up years on the South Side of Chicago, through her education and early career, her journey as First Lady, her fierce and protective mothering of her own children and the children of the world. She writes with clarity and honesty, her voice authentic and reliable.
 Michelle Obama, you have probably heard this so many times but I just have to say it again “you and your family have been the most positive inspiration to so many.”  I would recommend all to read this book as the experiences shared are so relatable to so many of us.  It gives hope in a time of uncertainty for so many of us.  I especially like the reference to life as a progression of continuous growth.  There are so many layers in this book.  It is touching, real, strong and humble.  The story is spoken from the heart.  Just beautiful!
 Reading about the evolution of Michele Obama from a southside Chicago childhood to the First Lady was fascinating and inspiring.  In the turmoil of today's presidency, I felt a comfort in reading about rational, purposeful individuals and their pathways to their current selves. The book was well written and seemed direct and honest.  This should be "must" reading for young women re: the development of their own life story and as an introduction to politics on the personal level.
 This book will show you that anything and everything is possible. You just have to keep going. One of the best autobiographies ever.
 Wow! Just wow! Michelle Obama's memoir is a raw, honest, reflective, and hopeful. This book humanized Mrs. Obama. She is so humble and so real. I loved and admired her before reading this book and my love and admiration for her grew even more as a result of reading it. I feel like I know her personally now.
 I'm not usually a biography reading type. I don't know why I thought this would be any different. Maybe eventually I'll finish it.
 Michelle combines the person and possible in her beautifully written autobiography.  I could barely put it down.  She is brilliant.
 This book took me on a journey with the Author.  I felt as though I was there, living life on each page.  There is so much hope, a virtual road map on how to Become.  I learned that Becoming is not a destination but a journey.  Voyeur is the word I would use as I traveled with Michelle Obama.  ‘Tis a great read.
 Michelle Obama's BECOMING is a beautiful memoir of a very special person.  I purchased the audio version for a long trip that a friend and I were taking.  Hearing Michelle's voice read the words was like being in a room with her as she was sharing her life experiences.  Her relationships with her family, friends, Barrack, and her daughters are told in a sensitive, loving and caring manner.  BECOMING is a beautiful book!
 My takeaway is that this book should be on the shelf of every young girl.  It's a wonderful, true story that anyone can succeed even when coming from humble beginnings. Michelle has given us a raw, honest account of the rewards and difficulties to be encountered by those who have the courage to follow their dreams.  This is a well written look at some of the most private aspects of her family's lives and her own private thoughts.  I found that I couldn't put it down and I was sad when it ended.
 Michelle Obama is one of the most fascinating, unique women in America's contemporary history. Her book is a must read, especially for young girls and woman who face barriers they must overcome.
 I completely enjoyed this book and wanted it to continue!  Although we come from very different backgrounds Ms. Obama reminded me that we are more alike than different.  I found Ms. Obama to be exceptionally relatable as a woman, a wife, a mother and a daughter.  Her stories were warm and genuine - and kind and strong.  She also gave me hope, enough so that there has been a shift in my attitude about where we are today.  Thank you.
 I think it's a book that EVERYONE should read for several reasons.  If they think minorities all have dysfunctional families, this should allay this myth.  I learned a lot about the White House and how it's run, what is expected.  What a contrast to what is going on there now!!!  Night and day!
 It became boring the more I read. I feel it would have been more interesting reading about her life as a private person and stop. Then her life as a public figure. Put it together it became boring
 BECOMING IS HONEST. TRUE. BEAUTIFUL JUST LIKE MICHELLE OBAMA AND I AM READY TO SEE OUR LADY MRS MADAM MICHELLE OBAMA. I LOVE HER PEACE AND QUIETNESS
 Our Former First Lady Rocks. This book shows her journey in life to the White House.
 I always admired her, but after reading about her life, I love her even more. So honest, such an amazing story and life she'd led. She's just a terrific person. It was a quick read &amp; I highly recommend it!
 Michelle Obama is nothing short of spectacular and her book was evidence of that. She lives by her truth and is able to share it in a way that you know it comes straight from the heart and regardless of your race, religion, or professional background you can totally relate to her. This is a MUST read!!!!!
 This book was equal parts inspiration and entertainment. I loved it so much I bought copies for my daughter and mother-in-law. The tale of our former first-lady's life was a fascinating journey of discovery, hard work, and dedication. I'm sure I will re-read this book many times.
 I loved reading and reflecting back on what when on during those eight years and what has gone on for the last two years. Everyone should be such kind and caring people. Thank you for writing such an insightful book and being one of the best First Ladies this country has ever know. Empowering women will make a comeback. Much love, peace and happiness in all of your future endeavors.
 It was clear Michelle Obama spoke from her heart.  She was honest, vulnerable and poignant.  Her insight into the 44th historical presidency covered the spectrum of what inspired us and shocked us to our core.  She took us on a historical journey of the courage and ugliness of race relations in America like few ever could.  She lived it and it’s her truth to tell.  She inspired me throughout her 8 years as FLOTUS and she inspires me with her story.  Mahalo nui loa
 Michelle Obama has written a very inspiring, real life biography that is so entertaining and real that I could not put it down!!!  I am an avid reader that truly enjoys a GOOD book!  This is so open and heart warming that it felt like she was talking directly to me.  An awesome read.
 This is a polished, authentic look into an admirable life. Written with balance and yet telling it the way she sees it, Michelle Obama has offered a true gift. She showed restraint at many points, and still managed to land her points with intelligence and precision. She went high, and anyone who reads this might find their inner bar raises at least a little for it. I know mine has. I pray this country can hear what she is saying. We need to.
 If you like her, you'll love her story. If you don't like her, you'll probably find it more difficult to hold that up when you understand her story of life, love, hardship and perseverance is very much an American story, a human story full of common ground that connects good people everywhere.
 This was my first audiobook purchase.  I have to say, I looked forward to each trip, regardless how short, so that I could hear more from Mrs Obama.  It was a joy to discover her story, but much of the beauty came from hearing it in her own words.  I never thought I would be that excited to hear a book.  I’ve always been a bit of a traditionalist and independent as I have always wanted to read it myself.
 Got it a few days ago, already read it.  It's fantastic. Mrs Obama is a strong and brave woman. Her priorities in order...Family:  wife and mother. Duties as first lady:  including projects on childrens health and veterans support.  Always  with poise and grace -- she made us proud from day one.
 This is an excellent book. Very real and down to earth. Mrs Obama held my attention in every page by her very true full account of her family life from childhood until present day. I would not hesitate to recommend this book and have done so. Mrs Obama is not only one  of the most intelligent First Ladies we have ever had in my life time but one of the most caring . This is definitely a no holds barred and I believe true full book . Great insight into her feelings about her husband running for president. Thanks to both President Barack Obama And Michele Obama for the eight years of your lives you gave to the American people.
 Oh my, so enjoyed read.  Smiled and cried and grew to love our great First Lady.  She SOOOO cares about AMERICA and the world. IF ONLY WE COULD HAVE THE OBAMAS BACK IN WHITE HOUSE......THANK YOU.  These are real folks that we all should be able to identify with.  They have a lot of love for all.
 I have watched Michelle Obama handle the tough job of being a first lady with dignity and grace. I only hope to emulate her ability to handle adversity during the next half of my life. This is a very well written account of how perseverance and hard work make the difference! Bravo!
 I absolutely loved this book. It was so inspirational and gave us a glimpse of the life of Michelle Obama from childhood through her college and professional career that I found so relateable. Balancing marriage and motherhood with a demanding career is something that we women deal with (some of us better than others). It's one of those books that I know I will read again. She is beautiful, intelligent humble and kind and a wonderful role model for girls/women all over the world. It was so descriptive that I could picture in my mind everything she described as if I were there and I couldn't put the book down until I finished.  Well done! ☺
 Wow such a wonderful story of becoming Michele Obama. Should be ever little persons dream to reach for the stars and ride the train of life with all the lessons and tiny stories. A great mix of true feelings and tell of true love. This book will took me on the journey through the everyday life of becoming who she is today and living and breathing her feelings and emotions throughout. PERFECT!
 How does one become First Lady Of The United States? Michelle Obama details her humble roots from the South Side, her personal struggles as a young professional and most importantly shares such an intimate portrayal of the East Wing.<br/>This book is incredibly relatable, even her experiences as FLOTUS were weirdly relatable. Well written, thoughtful, and thought provoking.<br/>Please read.
 Compre el libro para regalarlo a una amiga en navidad, hoy me llamo para informarme que el libro que le regale tiene hojas en blanco, desgraciadamente la fecha de vencimiento para su devolución fue el 31 de enero.<br/><br/>Si pudiera cambiarlo se lo agradecería
 This book reinforced my good opinion of Michelle Obama. She is a remarkable woman and her story helped me understand how she achieved this.
 If I didn’t already love Michelle Obama, I definitely do now!! When I purchased this book I had just experienced a miscarriage and had just gotten married and I was experiencing postpartum depression. This book was a great read and it made me feel like I was having an in-depth discussion with Michelle about her life. I highly recommend this book.
 Politics aside, this book reveals what it takes to make something of yourself if you have the will to do so.  Determination, hard work, a confidence in yourself, and a supporting group of people surrounding your journey.  Michelle Obama is one woman to be admired for her honesty and willingness to share how to apply yourself for a goal.  She definitely is a good role model for her daughters.
 I loved this book.  It is well written and very uniquely continues her voice as she tells her story while offering people everywhere to keep the faith and continue to live our lives with respect for our fellow human beings.
 Michelle Obama captures the hope and she serves as an inspiration for young women in becoming better versions of themselves. I share a very similar background to Michelle and appreciated her putting into words how hard she worked and her singleness of purpose as a young woman. She was driven and hard working but supported by a loving family. Without giving away too much in the book, I will say I loved her honesty and openness in discussing the personal details of her life. Great read and I suggest all young women read it for a great perspective on being a strong modern woman with a family.
 I bought this book as a Christmas present for someone. Half the pages aren’t printed all the way and some weren’t printed at all.
 Mrs Obama connected to me from the beginning. Never have I read a book so open, honest and inspiring. Thank you for being you Mrs Michelle Obama.
 I enjoyed the first half of the book more than the second half. There were parts I loved and parts I could have done without. I enjoyed the insight into both the personal and professional pieces of being in the White House. It gave me more respect for anyone who is elected president of our nation and the sacrifices that are made daily. I think the most beautiful part of the book was the thread of hope and sacrifice- her belief in his ability to be a leader for our nation and putting that before her own desires was a beautiful thing to read about.
 I liked her writing style - she really digs in and, I think, she is very honest - hard on herself when necessary but how interestng to get inside life, as the first African American family, to live in the White House. Can't help but just like them for who they are. Actually very normal and down to earth and I don't think they changed. I love that they love art and culture - so important in our lives.
 I loved this book.  It gave a great insight to living in the white house, raising a family there and especially being black and in the white house.
 An autobiography. A wonderful look into the development of a woman of color in the USA.  Love listening to Mrs. Obama’s soothing voice telling her story!  I have often found myself falling asleep to Audible books as the readers drone on.  This book does not have that effect on me.
 I could almost hear Michelle's voice telling me her story.<br/>Many more details than understood before.<br/>If you love and miss the Obamas you will love this book!
 I gained a new and wonderful respect for Michele and her entire family.  I also learned so much about the great programs that Michelle started and hope they are thriving still.  The whole family  are humble respectful people and we need more like them in the political arena.
 The frankness in her talking about her life and she did not just talk about the good in her life.  Also she did not hide the fact that she was not perfect
 An incredible book by an equally incredible person. One of the absolute Best first ladies ever to grace our nation with her service. No wonder Melania Trump plagiarized her.
 There is not one thing i disliked about this book.  I loved every minute, every page, every story, and every glimpse of the Obama family the book offered.  I found myself hearing Michelle’ voice as i read,as if she were literally telling me her life’s history.  What a journey.
 I am a Norwegian and live in Oslo, Norway, and as I admired BO very much I looked forward to read his wifes book Becoming.<br/>I was not disappointed after having read the book and now feel that I «know» Michelle Obama a lot better than after just having followed her as a Flotus for 8 years.<br/>BO was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009 and BO brought his wife with him to the ceremony in Oslo and the norwegian people in general was very happy about this event.<br/>But does anyone know why Michelle Obama did not mentioned with a sentence in her book about her husband being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and their travelling together to Oslo?
 What a warm and positive look at the first chapters of a probably improbable life story, directly from the eyes and soul of Michelle Obama.  She weaves a powerful tapestry of middle-class family, commitment to excellence in both professional and family life.  Excellent inside story of what she felt and why.
 If you didn’t love Michelle Obama before, you certainly would after reading this book. Beautifully written, humane and compassionate. I can certainly understand why she would not want to be President but am heartbroken that she won’t. She could reunite our country and heal it’s wounds from the current disaster. Dear Michelle, thank you for this wonderful book.
 Great read. I've only read one other first lady book, Hillary's, and Michelle Obama's is my absolute favorite. Her story is relatable to women who share similar journeys in life.  This book can be read at any stage of life and helps see the perspective of not only an African American woman, but women in geneal.
 Reading this book was more like I was sitting with a friend talking about growing up from then to now. Each one determining &amp; giggling about the next steps to new adventures, planned &amp; unseen. Both knowing we will be even better when we meet again to share life’s stories.
 As someone who generally shares a disinterest in all aspects of politics (related with Michelle on this one), I truly enjoyed reading her book. She offers firsthand insight into their world, especially while they occupied the White House. She offers, more importantly, her authentic self to be shared with the world. I appreciated her ability to admit when she was wrong and hold tight to her values when she was challenged.
 Quite simply, this book is fun to read! Ms. Obama has an eye for detail, a way with words, and a heart and soul that shines through, inspiring admiration and affection.
 Felt like she was in the room talking to me.  It was a great conversation!  I also saw a little bit of me in the book and how the swerves can redifine the experiences in your life.  For the good of course.
 This book is a waste of time and money- glad I did not buy it.  "I love me" is written all over it.  Yes, she got into Princeton due to affirmative action.  She was extremely lucky in some ways, but she talks all about her tough struggles.  Lady, you have never really had a true struggle- all you describe are things that many people deal with.  Some of the book seems kind of contrived and false, too.  Do yourself a favor and spend your time and money elsewhere.
 Appreciated her sharing her story and the sacrifices their family made for the United States. No easy task with what has been going on and continues today!
 There are so many inspiring quotes and moments in this book, it is beyond my expectations. A great woman has poured her heart out and I am left astounded at the care of her being, the candor of her words, and the new depths to a story we only think we knew. If it were not true word for word, it would be a modern fairy tale—one grounded in such basic human truths as to make it a story to be told over and over for generations to come. I highly recommend this journey of a woman who very much inspired one of the finest presidents this country will ever know. Her story should motivate the many that will follow in her footsteps and rise until a day when one of them becomes our first woman president.
 Fascinating! Michelle’s book was riveting for me. I loved the way she began with her earliest childhood memories and took us all the way to her family’s exit from the White House. I believe the Obamas have much still to contribute to our country’s history. Thank you, Michelle Obama.
 Interesting and informative view inside the White House by a family of modest means. Michelle is someone who proves that a better life can be found. Even if she didn’t end up as our First Lady, she is still a shining example of how to live a positive, thoughtful, loving existence.
 Obviously well written. Such a comprehensive and thorough view of Michelle Obama. Her view of being the first, first black family is heart warming and somewhat sad. Thank you First Lady Obama for sharing your personal life and observations. I recommend this book to the young and old.
 I love the Obamas and couldn’t wait for this book.  It was all I’d hoped for and more.  Michelle is so relatable and came from such humble beginnings.  I almost feel like we are friends after reading this!  It’s at the top of the bestsellers for a reason.  Don’t hesitate to purchase!
 I enjoyed learning more about Michelle Obama. I have always found her to be a compassionate, self -assured woman who sets a great example. Now I have more insight into what made her into the woman she is today.
 The book was awesome, just like First Lady Obama.  I sure do miss you and your husband.
 What can I say, such a class act, not a naked model in the white house.  Michelle is a role model  Not a naked model on magazine covers
 Boring
 Michelle Obama is a remarkable writer.<br/>She’s essentially a nonpolitical person who married a politically ambitious person.<br/>The way she handled her changing roles while keeping her own goals and values in check speaks to her strength and dedication.<br/>Will reread this again.
 Great book. I could not put it down. It is very interesting to see her take on what went on behind the scenes in the Whitehouse when her husband was President. It is also very interesting to hear about her mom and how she and Barack tried to keep their daughters lives so "normal."
 "Becoming" by Michelle Obama upholds the recognition that she is a force to be reckoned with! Such an amazing, loving, and gifted individual! I never knew the half of it when she was in the public eye during her husband's presidency.  This book allows its reader a closer and fairer detailing of this woman; letting one get a better perspective of the depth and breadth of a truly wonderful human being. Well written and a pleasure to read!
 Since the shock outcome of the 2016 election, many like me have struggled with family divisions that cannot be reduced to red and blues lines. Michelle outlines in her story a timeline of evolving into herself that is hopeful for us all to become not only the country we could be but  a people whose legacy builds up rather than tears down. This books gives me personal promise. I am, we are... good enough.
 I'm not an everyday book reader. But this book had me reading every night before bed or when my little was napping. It was an easy, inspiring read and the pictures are a plus. If you're interested in learning more about Michelle Obama as a person before, during, and after being the first day, I highly recommended this book.
 I learned a lot about struggles I didn’t have to face even though I grew up in Illinois with little money. I’m amazed at the strength and courage of Michelle’s parents. Their wisdom was deep and powerful. The book is so well written and informative. So grateful to Michelle for writing it.
 Michelle Obama writes with a voice that rings as authentic. I savored her writing as she intimately drew me into the windows of her life. I am a white woman, I grew up in a privileged suburb of California, yet I feel a kinship with Michelle’s worldview. I laughed in places and cried in others. I not only learned a lot about her, also about her experiences as a woman of color in a white man’s world. Educational and Enjoyable.
 So sincere and honest. So like the woman that wrote it.  I would recommend it to women of all ages.  I am 80 years old and  an avid reader and very interested in politics.  A true story the good and the bad and how to live thru it with grace and love. In this time of such negative news daily it gives me hope for our countries future.
 Her book is filled with the same sensitivity, compassion, fright, laughter, pride, and motherhood that most women experience during their lifetimes. The inner workings of the White House highly interested me because of its small-city population where designated tasks must be accomplished every day. I had no idea what it required just to keep the place running. Not only is Obama a terrific storyteller, she is an incredible writer. I enjoyed every moment I spent with this book
 This autobiography was clearly written and refreshingly honest. I was surprised at the level of candor and normalcy that Mrs Obama presented her life story. She had room for real ranting but practiced her own motto and ( mostly) went high. I enjoyed this book . Thanks.
 This is an amazing story. Maybe 2 of the most educated and carpeting people to occupy the white house. Even if you are not pro Obama everyone should know the first lady's story and feel what she did. It is a huge sacrifice to be the first lady
 Really did enjoy this book. It was everything you would expect from such a loving, good hearted individual. Republicans and Democrats alike can learn so much about what being a president and first lady’s life is really like. Also parents of young children could learn so much information about how to raise children with character. From the first lady’s parents to her and Barack’s parenting style, the goal was always about preparing the children to be adults.
 Michelle Obama writes with a down to earth style, that seems honest and humble. Her story is an interesting one about an intelligent over achiever from Chicago’s South Side who admits to making plenty of mistakes but continues to learn and grow into the admirable mom, leader, and advocate so many of us have come to admire.
 This book was truly amazing and riveting.  It was also uplifting, tender, and touching.  It was an authentic and exceptional delving into the intimate details of the development of a truly great lady.  I was moved by every emotional moment and enjoyed and was uplifted and buoyed by much of the narrative.  It is one of the best memoirs I have ever read.
 Great read thus far and the sincerity with which Mrs. Obama shares her life is laudable. Such a lady and leading example for our girls:
 It was great to read about former President Barack Obama’s journey through Michele’s eyes. There were many sacrifices made on her part through the journey. She took her role as First Lady serious. She taught us that it’s not where you come from, but how you influence others on your journey as you become who it is you are meant to be.
 What a superb book.  Obama shares her remarkable life  and provides insight into what it is like growing up in a poor black family with remarkable parents and brother.  Her dedication to the people of this country shines through each honest page of a beautiful book.
 Michelle Obama is an inspiring woman and her memoir is equally inspiring. I was most interested to read about their time in the White House. How she balanced wife, mother, and First Lady responsibilities to be successful in all. Honest. Straight forward. Inspiring.
 Enjoyed reading book as I to was born and raised in Chicago and could relate to things she wrote about.  I appreciated that she shared a lot about her life and what is possible when you believe in yourself.
 Loved reading about the First Lady’s early life and about her relationship with a young and idealistic Barack Obama: inspirational and moving.
 This book offered wonderful insight into an amazing woman and her very unique and inspiring journey. A must read.
 Our background, although very different and I am a 70 year old white daughter of immigrants, is very much the same. Filled with the same doubts, fortified by optimism. Michelle Obama is a thoughtful woman, guided by purpose. I wish I had more time to give to give to others and a platform to do it, too. (But not the notoriety. Ugh!) Good read.
 Ms. Obama's words confirm what I saw in tv interviews. She is strong, loving, caring and loyal to her family, friends and country. She leads me to be motivated to speak out more in praise of others good works and to educate my community in matters of bullying and bigotry and social injustices. This was an honest and positive read about our current society.
 Michelle Obama is the best example of what the American dream can really be if you believe in the goodness of people and not get to bogged down in the hate that has risen up but I'm confident it will be forced back underground and never see the light of day again.
 A very revealing book into the life of a veery resourceful Lady.<br/>The trials and tribulations in the life of a wonderful First Lady.
 This is the very first book that I made an effort to read a bit at a time— because I did not want to finish it. I was touched by Michelle Obama’s efforts to reach out to as many people as possible. She used her advantages to help others... what a huge change from the current first family.
 Really enjoyed this book. I remember watching Barack Obama be elected and was so excited to see the US change history by electing a black president. I throughly enjoyed the insight that Michelle provided over the whole journey, the fears, the challenges, the regrets and triumphs. I have so much more respect for that family and the incredible things they did as just normal people in a gifted position.
 Yes, this book was fantastic.  It speaks to the woman herself and not politics.  Uplifting for young ladies (teens) encourages them to aspire to become whatever they want.  Good reading.  Great for educational venues and student book reports.  Five Stars All The Way!!!
 I found the book disappointing. The sections about Barack, Malia, and Sasha were very interesting. Also liked the "tour" of the White House. I have great respect and I like Michelle Obama very much, but I thought she came across a bit  braggadocious in this book.
 This is the best autobiography by a public figure I have ever read. Well worth reading for anyone no matter your politics.
 My whole family is reading this book. we are planning to have a book club luncheon to discuss it. Also, I have met quit a few men who are reading or have read Michelle's book. Love it. It is witty, east to read, and entertaining. The only thing I would do differently is get it on Kindle. Love it.
 I loved this book! It was warm, funny, and inspiring. I enjoyed every minute of it and would highly recommend it.
 If you have ever seen Michelle Obama interviewed,  you know what it's like to have a conversation with her.  Beautifully written, you learn what it was like to grow up in Chicago's south side.  You learn how her choices, not just her husband's changed the world.
 This book is a must read!  All the women I know gave it for Christmas to each other.  Michelle Obama is so impressive and inspirational!
 I got the book for Christmas for my wife.  She loved it, and gave it to her best friend when she had finished.  Alas, that was someone else, not me.
 More than a personal recounting,  this book is lens and microscope to decades of systemic cultural racism.  Never preachy,  always first person personal, in a voice so authentic that we live with and through her,  Michelle Obama writes as she leads,  with grace and reality constant companions. A real tour de force.
 This book is an easy read, funny, and very real.  LOVE it.  it is a tell all from our 1st lady that has had similar experiences that many women begin with, but for her to take her struggles to the WH was awesome and still maintain great character with poise and grace.
 This was a very up close and personal view of the First Family. Michelle bared her soul, sharing her insecurities as well as her firm beliefs. She came across as the lady next door; very real and in touch .<br/>I throughly enjoyed reading this and had a hard time putting it down between .
 Michelle Obama doesn’t mince words. I was sad and hopeful throughout my reading of this book. Sad that she and President Obama have been replaced by people who don’t care about anything but personal power. Hopeful that they can inspire the next generation of leaders to be truly great.
 I liked the entire book contents...from the life of a struggling middle class family to the sterling examples she and her family showed of perseverance, values of education, self control and internal beliefs that compassion, extension of self toil, and faith in dignity would be the beaming examples of what love of people and country is about in the highest elective office in America.
 Michelle tells her story in a way that makes you feel her reality from the depth of her soul. She makes living in the south Chicago black community seem like something special and the White House almost normal. She shows what being black and succeeding anyway can look like.
 A fascinating account of a life lived in grace and dignity while always making sure she was helping others.  In this age of Trump, we are<br/> fortunate to have experienced the Obama presidency.  What a wonderful read, I hope my daughters and granddaughters will read it.
 This book took you on a journey, which I'm sure is what Michelle Obama set out to do when writing this book.  It's as if she was sitting next to me telling her story.  When Barack Obama was elected, I cried tears of joy and the next morning on my walk, I felt real hope for our country, and in reading this book, it brought that all back!
 There is absolutely too much to say about Michelle's account of her life.  I liked hearing about the mundane as well as the wonderful life that she and her spouse lived and that led to the White House.  Of greater significance is the exploration of Michelle's life for which I gained a newfound appreciation. She was already quite the outstanding person before she ever met Obama. Parts were at time moving me to tears and once in a while some laughter.  Most of all, I wonder why we can't have someone like the two of them in the White House now.  Such intelligence and class!  Not like the uneducated and crass we have now.
 This book is a wonderful relating of Michelle’s early life and her years in the White House as our First Lady. What a remarkably  warm, intelligent and kind woman she is. Her goodness and efforts for all people have made our world a better place.
 Man...this book is just so empowering!! Michelle Obama is truly the definition of a role model. I recommend that everyone reads this book!!! You will not regret it. She really takes you on her journey and it was an inspiring journey of her life. I loved it!!
 This hands down the best memoir I have ever read. Ms. Obama is literary powerhouse. I crave more from her. I felt her and life on every page.  She made the ordinary great and the great spectacular.  Words are magic in her hands. More, Michelle, more, please!
 What I learned and how much I learned in the process of reading Becoming is what I loved the most about it. There is also no emotion I did not experience in the process. My eyes were opened to realities of which I was unaware. My respect and admiration for Michelle Obama increased a thousand fold. I recommend the book to anyone and everyone who can read, and for those who cannot, there is the audio version. Be uplifted, be inspired, be humbled, be motivated, be instilled with hope by Becoming and be thankful to the amazing woman who wrote it.
 I really enjoyed this book!  It was so interesting to see her perspective of life in the White House and to see her struggle with supporting her husband give that it took her down a path that she would not have chosen for herself and her family. She has such grace and strength.  Such an admirable woman!
 Michelle drives home the point of why so many people love and respect her. From her childhood on to the present, she has been nothing short of amazing. I truly admire this woman (and her husband), and all of the trials and tribulations that made her Michelle Obama.
 I am loving this book, It reminds me of my growing up and how we raised. I also like how she transcended into her latter life in obtaining her education to eventually becoming first lady and the quirks that comes with the title from a different perspective.
 This was pure enjoyment to read.  I now have even more respect and admiration for Michelle Obama than I did before reading it.  I have always admired her realness.  This book cements it.  It's the best book I read in all of 2018. (out of ~20 others).  It shouldn't matter, but yes, I am white and educated. (PhD in  Chemical Engineering).
 This book broke down the barrier of Michelle as the powerful first lady of the free world. By the last chapter,  she has become the girl next door just trying to do her best to change the world around her.  Thanks Michelle for sharing your story and providing hope to many a  young woman, struggling to find an identity and a place in this tough world.
 I admit I loved Michelle before reading this book. Now, I love her so much more. We need more leaders like her. She’s kind, smart and an excellent role model for girls. I learned so much about her, but also about the presidency as well.  I was sad when the book ended!
 I really didn't know what to expect from this book.  It was great to read about Mrs. Obama's upbringing and how much she learned from her parents and immediate family members.  The love and respect she has for her family was a breath of fresh air to read about.  Thanks for sharing..
 After reading this biography, I understand why Michelle Obama is the woman she is. Thank you for helping us get to know you Mrs. Obama.
 The beautifully written and inspiring story of America's first African American First Lady, as told by the lady, herself. Her story and life example set a high bar, which, while unattainable for most of us, nonetheless inspire hope and appeal to the best of our nature.
 Such a phenomenal woman! I enjoyed every minute of this book. Such an inspirational wife, mother and woman.
 I chose this rating because I learned so much about what it takes to be president and First Lady of this great country.  I feel Barack Obama and Michelle Obama are truly beautiful people that I admire tremendously and love their integrity honesty and love for family and this country
 I loved reading Mrs. Obama's gentle prose as she walked us through her life to Becoming. I love the thought of "Becoming"as introduced by the First Lady by not just telling us what has happened through her life so far but sharing the feeling that life journeys don't so much end as help us become who we are and who we will be.
 The number of times my eyes welled up remembering what we as a country had vs what we are stuck with now is mind boggling. Becoming is a well written account of a bright motivated and admirable woman’s life story. She was, is and will always be one class act ! Well done Michelle.
 I feel privileged to have had the chance to see the world from this amazing ladies eyes. Also we come for totally different walks of life, I felt a connection to her thoughts, ideas and passions. Thank you for sharing your life and your massive contribution.
 This is a beautiful book written by a truly beautiful human being.  Anyone who says anything negative has NOT read it cover to cover GUARANTEED.  It's also a valuable commentary on the entire 44th First Family and an amazing 44th President of the Unitef States of America.
 Michelle Obama's account of her growing up surrounded by love but always wondering if she was good enough felt familiar to me.  We have in common coming from a family poor in possessions but rich in love.  Her writing is so open and conveys her feelings in ways not often seen.  She has such love for her family AND her country and was willing to give up a lot to support her husband in his efforts to make the world a better place.  She also gives a lot of insight into her husband and his passion for making change.  I have always admired both of them, and this book reinforces my feelings.
 Wonderful Read! Michelle Obama and Random House publisher Tina Constable (et al) wrote a very interesting, educational novel of the Run for the White House and how the Obama family lives unfolded. Thank you!
 To all those who thought they knew Michelle Obama &amp; especially to those who don’t, please read this book! It is a wonderful glimpse of life from her younger days in Chicago and winds its way till her final moments in the White House. We may think we know her because of her public life but we don’t. She’s so much more. She is a person who I would love to call a friend &amp; to have long conversations about so many issues she addresses in this book as well as childhood experiences we share in common. A great read, I highly recommend it particularly to young women looking for a role model! I miss this family.
 This book was wonderful and written with sincerity and beauty.  Michelle brings such hope to so many people with graciousness and sincerity.  There were sad parts, as well as “make you laugh” parts.  Kudos to Becoming, Ms. Obama.  Loved the book and truly love you!
 Like everybody I too loved this book! It is worth so many more stars than 5. I feel like I know Michelle and if I saw her on the street I would probably yell “ Hey Miche”! We are in such a sorry state right now and need people of this caliber to help lead us into the sunshine.
 Loved learning about her personally, and education around discrimination she and her family faced made me feel more respect for the ways she has dealt with that problem.  Easy to read.  Loved the way she was raised and how her family prepared her for her chosen path.  And she never whined......
 A memoir that should be required reading in schools. It was never explained what all that Michelle did before and during the presidency.  Michelle tells us vividly about what she did, her goals, her thoughts and everything that happened.  Read this book!
 I really enjoyed reading about Michelle's upbringing and her family. It was very interesting to read about her life as the wife of a President, a mom, and what it was like to live in the White House as First Lady. Very easy to read, and a quick read too!
 I love that it is so down to earth, no fluff, just telling her story!  I love it, it’s a book you can put yourself in.
 Could not put this book down! Wonderfully written and draws you into her life from an early age. Honest and uplifting.
 I truly enjoyed reading this book.  After reading, I appreciate and value Mrs. Michelle Obama even more.  She is the epitome of an intelligent, strong, and gifted black woman.  This book should motivate every minority young woman to exceed through education and motivation.
 Now I know you will never run for president. I’m disappointed because I have not yet gotten over the fact that you and Barack are no longer in the White House.<br/><br/>Your book was amazing. You are amazing. Thanks for the inspiration to be better, to do better and to push on regardless.
 Wonderful to see human side of a public figure. Does a good job of avoiding politics, and focuses on her life, upbringing, feelings and worldly views. I especially enjoyed going back and forth from kindle book to audio book, which Michelle reads herself.
 She is an icon.  I very much enjoyed reading her story.<br/>What an amazing person.  I wish the Obamas were still in the WH! Lol
 I am about half-way thru the book now, and it has been a pleasure.  "Becoming" is a fantastic account of former First Lady Michelle's life through her own eyes.  The way she tells her life story is so beautiful and candid.  I appreciate her letting us into her life.
 I anxiously awaited the publication of Michelle Obama’s first (don’t you think there should be more?) book. Saw her in LA on her book tour and just finished reading it. She shares oh so much more about her personal thoughts than I could have expected and did such a wonderful job of describing her life so far. It was an insightful and inspiring story and I took away so many hopeful thoughts about what we are as Americans and what we can be!
 I finally downloaded this while at home sick and I couldn't be happier I did. It reads like advice from a trusted older friend or mentor, leading readers through moments and stories that everyone can empathize with. It had moments that are private, personal, emotional, and many stories that made me think. Though she's the first to admit in her memoir that she's not a fan of politics, First Lady Michelle Obama's smart, strong, empathetic, and capable voice is needed now more than ever. I'm glad I got to hear her voice through this book.
 This biography is so well done -- especially in srparating her life experiences into three ver different phases.<br/><br/>Michelle Obama's biography was so interesting and inspiring.  Her honesty came through and inspires all of us to make the most of our lives, no matter what comes our way.
 A must have for my book collection. Very well written, giving us a glimpse of the life of our best American, first lady to date.
 I loved Michelle narration and her soothing voice. I enjoyed hearing her perception of childhood and the process she went through to be First Lady.
 An interesting read, I found it just a little dry in spots, but for the most part, inspiring.  Michele Obama is, in my opinion, a good person.  That comes through page after page.  She is genuine, intelligent and compassionate. Dignified. A true role model.
 Michelle has a crisp, direct, efficient writing style, yet personable and warm, too.  I felt she was in my living room, telling me her life story.  And what a love story!  Her love affair with Barack, her parents, her daughters, her White House garden, her staff — her list of people and things she loves deeply is long, revealing a woman of heart, as well as one of intellect and ability.  I am a 67-year old white man, and I loved this book.  Oh, how I miss Michelle, her husband, her daughters, and everything about her and her husband’s White House years.  And this book captures those years so well.  Thank you, Michelle!
 The great part of Michelle Obama’s story telling is how she reflects on the world around her as she writes about her own experiences. From her growing up in a middle class black family in Southside Chicago, to her career, her marriage, her difficulties in getting pregnant and on to FLOTUS, she provides a reflection of contemporary women’s issues, particularly for women of color.
 I have found this book very informative and yet down to earth.  I felt like I knew the Obama family personally.  I couldn't wait to read the next page.<br/><br/>I have always felt the Obama family had the utmost dignity and self-awareness.  Kindness to everyone they met.  We all have the same color underneath, it doesn't hurt to smile, say hello, or maybe hold the door for someone.<br/><br/>I worked for a school District in a poor area, I found all the children to be the same color, not one being different from the other.  We all need to pull together to make this country work.
 From the first line of Becoming, I felt as though I were sitting on a bean bag in her dorm room listening to her chat. Her love for our country, the American people, her family, her friends and those who work for and with her is most inspiring. I would happily read anything she writes rather than what is with about her. She tells her story beautifully.
 Michelle Obama is what every woman should aspire to. Thoughtful, caring, heart-breakingly real. A wonderful wife, mother, daughter and First Lady. Thank you, Mrs. Obama, for your wonderful book! I hope you consider continuing to author more books. Bravo!
 I admire this woman for her strength and dedication in everything she does.  I loved learning about her parents and her upbringing. I wish she would have embraced more parents along the way to instill her values on them. Her parents deserve a great deal of credit in her success and on her becoming...
 I’m very particular about what I read, I have to be entertained and inspired... I can do fiction but I prefer bio’s... to much trivial detail puts me to sleep and I lose interest if it’s not realistic... Becoming is well written and a good perspective of how a normal life can suddenly become abnormal...
 Reading "Becoming" was such an inspiration.  I have always loved Michele with her grace and dignity.  I enjoyed reading of her early life growing up in a working class family which definitely prepared her for her life later on, especially as the First Lady.  I'm truly inspired by Michele, she's a very down to earth but yet classy lady.
 Thank you for your service,  Miche!  A beautiful  book  about  sacrifice ,  commìtment,  integrity,  hope  and love.  A welcomed  and  needed  reminder during these  times  of seeming  moral decay.  You  and  Lin-Manuel  Miranda  help to keep my hope  aĺive! Much  love  and gratìtude tò you and your  family, friends and staff.  I am not  throwing  away  my shot!
 Excellent book providing background on Michelle Obama’s bio.  I especially enjoyed her descriptionof her early years and her Chicago family.  I highly recommend this book.  I also have the audible version.  It is so enjoyable to hear Michelle read the book.
 Michelle Obama is as real with her writing as she was as First Lady. It is so interesting to read how she grew up, how important her family was to her success, and the evolution of her relationship with Barack. I felt like she is just beginning her next chapter of her life, and I cannot wait to see what she does next!
 Michelle Obama is such a great writer. Her story grabs you from the beginning and holds you through the end of Obama's terms as president. She has such great spirit and elegance. She tells it like it is. History as it unfolded. Highly recommend this book.
 One of the best books I've ever read.  This book will make you think, cry, and laugh.  I enjoyed every page.
 I'm still reading this book, but I must say its an easy read, enjoyable &amp; so interesting.  I gained more knowledge about Michelle and her being her own person, before, during and after Barack as President!  I love their love story!  The principles Michelle grew up on, she still carries with her &amp; instills in her children, which is so refreshing to read about.<br/>Michelle has a special place in her heart for uplifting youth.  She uplifts me to want to do more.  I'm reading it every night!
 These are confusing and challenging times in our nation and in our world. I needed to be reminded of the dignity, compassion, service, love and optimism that still pervades the human spirit. I will read this book more than once as I find myself needing those reminders once again.
 Loved this memoir.  It was a pleasure to read; so well written and laid out. A wonderful insight into Michele’s  childhood and adult life. We really got to know Michele Robinson Obama, her hopes and her dreams, as well as her unselfish contribution as First Lady.  We also saw the great love between Michele and Barack.  A great read!!!
 Becoming is an inspiring and refreshingly humble view of a beloved and very successful family. I got the audiobook and it was nice to her Ms Obama tell her story herself.
 I truly enjoyed the book.  There was great information that I feel a lot of people can be enlighten.
 I loved getting an honest look at her early life, her interesting family, and her struggles and successes that made her into the woman she became. It was also interesting reading about world events through her point of view. I'll definitely be reading it again.
 Michelle Obama's book Becoming gives an interesting and insightful look at the sacrifices, struggles, and blessings that came with their journey to and their life at the White House. Their compassion and drive to make the world a better place are sorely missed during this current administration of division and hate.
 Read it and weap!
 This was quite a moving book to read and I’m sure I will be digesting it for many months to come.  The message is clear and it adds value to my life.  May we all learn, whatever race we are, how to accept, love and live together as we move forward.
 A positive and inspiring book about a black woman and her humble and persevering experience at living her life while adapting to the life as a wife of a politician who supported her wife and family without losing her voice. I do admire this woman and her never ending energy to speak the truth and help others in whatever way she can.
 She is the most amazing person.  Everyone in the world should be as kind and compassionate, even if you aren't brilliant.
 You know you LOVE a book when you are sad to reach the last page! I thoroughly enjoyed reading Michelle's  story about her life, thus far! I am excited for her to be away from the White House and I can hardly wait to see what she does next! I highly recommend this book!
 This book gave me even more courage to continue my practice of giving encouragement to young people. Sometimes in having Bad Leaders, our eyes are Opened to the Best leaders .  President Obama and Michelle have been A Class Act, with intellect and heart second to none .
 Michelle Obama became a real person to me -  a wonderful, deep lady with feeling and fine judgement.  It was a wonderful adventure to see “celebrity” from the inside.  She is a great mom, First Lady and wife.  It was a pleasure to get to know her.
 I appreciated the way Michelle told her story from her own perspective, valiantly revealing the barbs that did stick I to the inner flesh of her spirit. Her willingness to recognize the need for change in her thinking, as well as in her own behaviors and humility to ask for and seek help when it was needed. I loved reading her thoughts much of which confirmed my own impressions of her life in the White House as Flotus!
 This book was well written by a smart lady!  She wrote well about her youth &amp; the path to becoming the First Lady.  She did not get bogged down in any one section.  She shared much about the political events which occurred to her, Barack &amp; the kids.  I wish her well in whatever path she chooses next.
 I voted for Barack Obama twice and became a huge fan of his and his beautiful family. After reading this poised and wonderful book I have an even greater appreciation for this awesome President we had and a great deal of respect for the amazing woman on his side!
 I loved reading this book.  Michelle Obama told her story in a sincere and caring way.  She told the story of how she grew up, and spoke about her life all the way through to the two terms in the White House.  She is an inspiring woman, and a fabulous author.
 There's something incredibly charming and relatable about Michelle Obama's written voice. Even when she talks about the difficult times, there's a warmth to it that makes it feel like a friend. You can't help but sympathize with her, feeling her triumphs and sorrows.
 This was the best memoir I have ever read. Mrs. Obama is so inspiring and the way she persevered with style and grace is to be commended. I admired her before but I have an undescribable level of respect for her even more so now. She is most certainly my hero!
 Michelle Obama tells her story in a frank and unassuming way. I believe she showed incredible courage in being so open about her life experience and journey from Southside Chicago to the Whitehouse. An amazing woman and a wonderful author. Don't miss this book!
 I absolutely LOVE this book. It’s well written and she is an inspiration. I couldn’t put it down.
 This is a good book. I enjoyed learning more about  Michelle. I found it quite interesting to learn about her childhood, family, upbringing,  and life experiences.  Michelle is honest and open sharing her story.  It got a little slow for me at times, however, I  definitely recommend the book and I’m glad I read it.  It’s valuable to learn about the experiences of people who grew up very differently than yourself.  I especially enjoyed learning what it was like for her growing up a black girl in Chicago.
 Michelle Obama's book, Becoming, is a truly engaging story of her life "so far"! She writes clearly and openly about her story, with complete honesty about her childhood, adolescence and maturation into the woman we know as the First<br/>Black First Lady".
 Very few people with Michelle's background attain her education and celebrity status and write books about it. She has given us a fascinating glimpse into a life most of us have not experienced. Her book is not primarily a political history as much as a personal memoir. She writes extremely well. Fun to read and very informative.
 This book was excellent from page one. Taking us through the Obama’s history was amazing and enlightening. This book gave us all an insight into the complicated world of politics. I’m glad that they were our first family and wish they were there now.
 My book was  bent at the end of it now I was so unhappy 🙁 about that
 A well written interesting documentary of the Obama time before and during the climb to the Whitehouse. Michelle is to be commended for her restraint in not condemning certain politicians and journalists for vitriolic comments they made during her tenure as First Lady.
 This book is a great example of what can be achieved with the right attitude and support in your life. A must read for all ages.
 I'm a spoiled old lady of seventh two and I'm also white.  I voted twice for President Barack Obama and cried with joy both times he won.  Good people can be spotted a mile away !! This book tells you everything you need to know about this family.
 Mrs Obama is such a brilliant storyteller. Her words paint such vivid pictures of her life. her marriage, her children and her growth. I am reading it again and I have bought 7 copies to  give as Christmas gifts!<br/>This is a must read for every woman!
 Michelle Obama writes so well. It's such an inviting read; the kind you hate to put down to go to bed at night. It's really, really good.<br/>And it's entertaining, too. She writes with such honesty you feel like she's your friend. Or maybe that's just my dream!
 This book is beautifully written and in a time of a scary political climate, it does give me hope for the future.  Thank you Michelle for being such a courageous,  giving and kind First Lady we can all be proud of.  You’re a great role model even for 65 year old me.
 This was a great autobiography about Michelle. It gave a lot of details and told some great stories of her time before and in the White House. It didn't say a lot about her personal philosophy of life but I suoppose that will be the next book.
 What can I say about one of the most interesting women in the world? She has a very readable writing style and shares so many personal things. Highly recommend this to anyone, especially to younger women who have made high goals in their lives.
 Inspirational, beautifully written, candid, heart warming, heart wrenching. From the perspective of a mother, wife, daughter, First Lady and all the hats worn in between, this was such a joy to read. Mrs. Obama is a wonder in that she has regal qualities yet allows the reader to connect with her on a personal, relatable level.<br/>I recommend this book to women, young ladies and men everywhere.
 Mrs. Obama tells her story in such a way that readers understand early in the book how grateful she is for every person and experience that has influenced and shaped her into “Becoming”  the beautiful woman she is today. After reading this book, I felt accomplished; I felt inspired to take time to reflect meaningfully on my own life to see what/who has influenced/shaped me into becoming the person I am.
 I purchased 3 of theses books for my three daughters and they all loved receiving them as gifts!
 Creo que habla de temas que no siempre se hablan abiertamente. Me impacto sentirme relacionadam con ella por  la forma en que puede influir una opinion de un adulto, el decirle la advisor que no era materia para Princeton, me hizo recordar mi propia historia. Afortunadamente, al igual que Michelle, nadie tiene porque dedifinir nuestro destino o hasta donde queremos llegar. Como inmigrante y primera generacion en la universidad, tes toy de acuerfo con ella en ser mentores de lxs jovenes que b6scan ayuda para obtener su undergraduate o hacer proyectos.
 This was one of the beet books I've re ad. It truly gives you an insight into the process of becoming a First Family.  With all the drama included. Nothing comes easy for anyone . What a journey to take in the public eye. Done with dignity and graxe.
 I admired you and Barack since I watched his first national speech at the Democratic convention. Your saying of going high when they went low has helped me to do the same. You are a wonderful person and reading about your life and all that your family has gone through has made me admired you even more. Thank you!
 I put this book in the category of BEST BOOK I'VE EVER READ!  I've always admired Michelle Obama and was excited to read her book. I wasn't disappointed.  She's an elegant first lady, an incredible human being, and sheer delight. A fascinating author.
 Thank you so much for sharing your life with us in this book.  I adored you as First Lady and I love this book.  You have done so much for our country.  I hope we can stop the current administration from destroying everything for the people he should be serving.
 I really enjoyed reading about M Obama's life. This was an uplifting and encouraging read, and I like her even more than I already did. This book has probably helped boost her to the position of the world's most admired woman.
 A lot of insight about her husband as well and would be enjoyed by men, too.  Good writing; a marvelous story.
 To have the honor of being included in the inner sanctum of a true hero is extraordinary.  She does not see herself as such but as she thanks all she has met during her life , so  many of us have ingested and been warned by the hug of genuine FLOTUS whenever and wherever she resides. Here's a hug, long may you wave. . Peace and love always
 I liked the true stories, especially the one where the Obamas found themselves in Butte, Montana, a city rarely in the news. My parents were born and raised there and our family spent a one-time vacation there on the 4th of July exactly 50 years before the Obamas.<br/><br/> This is the most well-written memoir by a "celebrity" that I have ever read. Michelle isn't just tooting her own horn, she is leaving breadcrumbs for future generations of girls and under-privileged others as to how to work and study their way into the American Dream.
 What a beautiful outlay in presenting her journey. Very warm felt and down to earth. It gave an insight of living in the White House that I loved.  The love that permeates between her and President Obama and her family is deeply felt. Most  importantly she shared her inner thoughts with us. I had all sorts of emotions reading this book, laughed, cried, smiled, and anger.  In summary, great book.
 I am so moved by the grace of Michelle Obama and so grateful to have lived through these years of leadership.  her story does not end with Barracks end of term. she is here more powerful and wise, and I am grateful.
 The book offers a personal and realistic portrayal of “becoming”.  I appreciate her sharing a story with which I, and many of my friends can identify. She is human and the only things that differentiate us are, clearly, the limitations society and its cultures (e.g., political, family, neighborhood, school...) impose on each of us.....I love the recognition that “becoming” is the work of a lifetime. Thank you, Mrs. Obama, for your honesty, your service to all of us and for your encouragement. You are an inspiration.
 I am very pleased with the book and love it be having an incredible snide look at Mrs. Obama’s life. As a professional black woman who had a similar childhood, it refreshing to here how she overcame and preserved. Her grace and professionalism as FLOTUS is admirable.
 A very enjoyable read. I was sorry to come to the end of this great book. What a wonderful first lady she was and has set the standard for all the first ladies in our future.
 I loved this book from cover to cover. I learned a lot about Michelle Obama, the Chicago she grew up in, the stress of traveling the road to the White House and the incredible family she has had in the past and going forward. I felt it was a big hug, much needed in today's painful world.
 Excellent book.  It reads as if you are having a conversation with her.  It shows how resilient she was and is.  It gives a different, more candid perspective of what people of color continue to go through on an almost daily basis.  Even with their differences the Obamas work through their ups and downs together.  They compliment each other. Family is so important to both of them.  Her frustrations about the report on what she is wearing overshadowing the true meaning of the meeting or activity she was attending gives one a better understanding of what it means to "live in a fishbowl."
 I felt close to the author throughout  her book.  MIchele  Obama  conveyed her times of success  as well as her times of stress and sadness as an equal  person, never misusing  her humble  beginnings  or her attainment to further her cause.
 I thoroughly enjoyed Becoming because I was able to similar childhood experiences. I also liked Michelle's experiences in White House. This was a well-written and deeply touching memoir. I laughed and cried. I will never forget election night when Barack won. Thanks for being our First Lady.
 I loved how this book felt like a conversation. Mrs. Obama is a great story teller. Her words flowed easily and smoothly and kept me turning the page wanting to know more about each episode of her life. I appreciate the way she made aspects of her life connect. I didn't devour the book like so many people I know did. I took my time and read it carefully so I could get to know this lady. I'm sure she and I would be friends. :)
 If you love Michelle Obama, you will love her story. Even if you don't like her, you will read about one of the most fascinating women of our time. She was a fabulous First Lady and I love that she is telling her story. It is well worth the read.
 it was a very moving book.  They as a family had to over come so much and try to represent their race. Even now with all the negative racial attitudes, they were good representatives.<br/>I toroughly enjoyed the book.  I admired the parents.<br/>Birdell Wangsmo
 I. Loved. This. Book.<br/>Not only did this story appeal to my social studies teacher heart, with an inside look at the White House and more human side of politics, Michelle’s voice gave me hope. I hate the disagreements that come with politics but I love to hope that people can make a difference and that is exactly what Michelle’s story is about.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It showed the Obama’s as I had hoped it would - loving family, down to earth, true to the American values! I am so very proud to have lived during the Obama Presidency! What a true delight! Bless them in their future lives!❤️
 Great fan of the former First Lady but not of the book. Too much self pity and complaining
 Purchased this book for my wife for no particular occasion.  I knew she was a big fan of Michelle and so it was an easy spontaneous "I love you" gift.  Needless to say, she loves the book and finished it within a week.  Do not hesitate to purchase this wonderful read.
 I purchased the book and the audio. It was delightful to hear Michelle reading to me. She allows you to see her life as if you were there. Great read but I enjoyed hearing her voice.
 No words to describe this woman’s educated, intellectual, first hand recollection of the “real” American presidential experiences.
 Being an old white woman born in the south I found the story of a young black girl eye opening. A totally  different perspective was  informative and interesting insight into a world unknown and yet parallel with my young life. I found it refreshingly honest and frank. I have recommended it to both family and friends. Considering rereading it to aid my understanding of the opposite political positions of several subjects.
 In sharing her story, Michelle Obama has opened a door for so many young women.  Profoundly real, deeply human, her insight into the inter-connectiveness of all of us, her persistence, her ability to see positive potential radiate throughout BECOMING.  Highly recommend.
 Enjoyed reading and discussing Michelle Obama's journey from childhood to young adult to First Lady of the United States.  I hope that every mother encourages their daughters and granddaughters to read this book.  The message is powerful.
 Ordered the book and it was a huge hugr huge book! l initially thought geeze she must have alot to say UNTIL l noticed it ia large print. Easy on the eyes but just be aware. When l purchased it the description did not say it was large print.
 Love this amazing book by a fantastic woman.
 Most admired woman in America. What else can I say. Great inspiring read. Read it, share it, discuss it.
 Michelle Obama is clearly a brilliant, capable, and warm human being. But  the thing I will remember most about this book is her descriptions of her husband — his character, his intelligence, and the dedication he applied to the impossible job of being POTUS. Clearly he is exactly the kind of person needed for the job, and exactly the opposite of the person who has unfortunately succeeded him.
 Michelle did an awesome job on this book. Not only writing it but the Audible was excellent. I was never bored, she was engaging through each chapter, and over all I definitely see why this is one of 2018’s top books! I hope to hear more from her in the future.
 This was a great read.  I am not much for biography's  but this was a wonderful read.  Michelle was very inspiring.
 One of the best memoirs I have ever read of a First Lady! I have always loved reading about the lives of both the Presidents and the First Ladies and have read about them whether I agreed with their politics or not.  Michelle Obama dug deep to remember some of the details of her youth.  Her family was integral to supporting her in becoming the woman she is today.  A good lesson for us today to support the youth around us and encourage them to reach for the stars.  Cannot say enough about how much I enjoyed reading about her experiences.  You’ll love it if you read it!
 Powerful memoir of decent America. A read for every teenager and young adultts. Inteligent,  caring, loving, thoughtful. Thank you Michelle
 I didn’t expect this book to so readable. I thought it would be dry and political but it’s actually warm and very personal. A behind the scenes look at life in the White House and an equally fascinating look at her upbringing in Chicago. Definitely deserves to be the best seller of the year.
 A wonderful book! Funny, warm, candid, intimate, romantic and wise. Any rational person - perhaps even some Republicans - will find this book both delightful and moving.
 Michelle Obama writes very well and engages the reader. It is one of those books that you don't want to put down.
 Michelle Obama's memoir is a beautifully told one. From her memories and experiences growing up in the South Side of Chicago to her last days in the White House to her new life as a "private" citizen, she takes you on her journey of becoming who she is. We miss you Michelle!
 This remarkable memoir exudes personality, kindness, dignity, and class--as most people might expect from the former First Lady.  Once begun, you will find yourself lost in her world from childhood through her departure from the White House. what a treat!
 Michelle Obama is a smart and classy person.  I read reviews of this book and as a grandfather I thought that it would be a wonderful book to give to my granddaughter as an inspiration in support of her own journey towards "becoming".  The smile on her face when she opened her gift proved me right.
 While reading this book it was like walking beside her and experiencing her experiences. The reality of family and White House life was so exciting. It gave a person like me who will never live in the White House live in the White House.
 I thought it was well written. She presented a good example of what others can do if they put their mind and abilities to work to their best advantage.  I think she is a remarkable woman.  I liked the way she put the story together.  I enjoyed the book immensely and had trouble putting it down sometimes.
 My wife ordered this and once she opened it she was reading and telling me about it constantly.<br/>Fastest she has ever read a book.<br/>Always with a smile on her face.  You know, happy wife - Happy wife.<br/>I will read it soon.
 The hard cover copy of Becoming was for a friend of mine for Christmas, that’s the one she wanted, I’m sure she will love it.  I got the kindle edition voice ready for mine and I love my copy. I haven’t finished it yet but  I already know I’m going to listen to it again. Great book.
 In this wonderful, very personal, story Michelle Robinson Obama focuses on the support she received in life to allow her to use her talents to make this a better world.<br/>She also describes how she works to support others so they can also best use their talents.<br/>Written in a straight forward Becoming grabs your emotions in so many ways
 Amazing book,  amazing story from my favorite First Lady. Thank you very much for the fantastic service and fast delivery! You guys excel in everything! Thank you very much and have the best holidays!
 Riveting! I havent finished it yet. Very surprising how much of her life she revealed.
 Written (and narrated if you choose the audio book) in a very personal manner this book is engaging and interesting. I never knew the story of Michelle's journey from the south side of Chicago to the white house, and this book really feels like she's there with you telling the who thing as a friend. Well worth reading, especially for those of us with different backgrounds and experiences.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.  I didn't expect much; I was just curious to know more about the Obamas.  Turns out the book was so well written and interesting that I had trouble putting it down when it was time to go to bed.  I read many different types of books, but this was one of the most enjoyable.  A pleasant surprise.
 Easy to read, relevant, inspiring, riveting, honest and historical. These are only a few of the numerous glowing adjectives one could use to describe this memoir to others. It is an inside look at what made Michelle Obama who she was but also how she persevered and improved so many lives near and far. Her optimistic spirit will help me personally get through some of our country’s darkest times.
 I highly recommend  this book for anyone and especially  young persons who maybe thinking that their dreams are too high to achieve because you do not know  just where that dream will take you on your life's journey.  Happy  reading.
 This book is inspiring, lovely, and perfect in every way (just like Michelle herself). I normally don’t read books a lot, but I was excited to listen to Michelle’s story.<br/><br/>I recommend getting the Audible version as well. Michelle herself is the narriator!<br/><br/>1000% recommend!
 I loved this book. It made me understand more about how the presidents lives are changed. She wrote this with such feeling. It made me respect her more than I already did. Everyone should try and read this book, maybe the world would be a better place to live in.
 Great book; easy listening; glad I purchased the audio version of the book.  Learned new things about Michelle, her family and Barack.  Great purchase.  Very interesting.
 I pre-ordered the book and it arrived the same day it was released to stores. You won’t be able to put this book down. She doesn’t hold back and she covers every aspect of her life. It’s beautifully written and perfectly edited. A must read and perfect addition to your bookshelf.
 I truly enjoyed reading Michelle Obama's book.  It sheds light on what it was like growing up and attending Princeton University where she felt like an outside because of her race.  However, she overcame a lot and became the first Black First Lady of the United States.  This just goes to show that Success can come to all who truly work hard.  I am proud of Mrs. Obama and I wish her the very best in future endeavors.  This was a great read.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I was so touched by the love and dedication of the Robinson family to set the highest goals for their children.  I really identified with Mrs. Robinson as she and her husband always felt that her children’s needs came first.  Consequently, Michele and Barack would provide this same love and understanding for their children.  How could one individual be so loving,caring, and devoted to her husband and his goals!  Always look forward!
 A great look at the personal side of politics. Michelle is honest and positive through all the ups and downs.  I got the feeling of the challenges a mom whose husband is in politics/the White House must face. I loved how she embraced the role she didn't choose and didn't just make the best of it but ran with it and made it her own.
 I don't usually read this type of book as biography/autobiography are stories I do not find interesting.  This book is a wonderful exception.  It held my interest the entire time and was an insightful glimpse into political life reality.
 Michelle Obama will go down in history as one the best First Ladies ever to occupy the White House. In this book she describes those people and events that formed her character. Her account feels honest and sincere, and pulls no punches when describing her life with Barack (not always easy) and the mistakes in judgment she made in her career. Her strength, integrity, dignity and humility come through in this detailed account of her life...so far.
 I love my CDs (all 16 of them) that fact that each CD is read by the author (Michelle) which makes it more interesting for me.  I feel some type of way when I listen Michelle as if I'm enrolled in her class and she's speaking directly to me. I find myself listening to them over and over again. I am very pleased and satisfied with purchasing the CDs for myself in which I purchased the Book for my parent and she's enjoying reading the book as well.
 I liked her candor, and opened a to sharing her story.<br/>She and Barack are a special team. We were so fortunate to have them for 8 years as First Lady and our President.
 I just received my copy of this book on Saturday and I have already made it to the second part of the book.  The story telling and details are so vivid.  This book is literally a page turner.
 The very best book by the very best first lady loved it and reading for second tome!
 I don't usually read books about political figures, although I am vitaly interested in politics-after all they are key to humanity's survival.<br/><br/>It is heartening to lean that while  Barack Obama is an exceptional person,  his wife Michelle Obama is equally exceptional.  She is a woman with a voice , a soul and a conscience.  She values her family and the gifts they gave her- love and an identity.  If I met her now, after reading her book, I would feel that I know her and that I really like her!
 The insight she shared, most invaluable. Especially the reality of her matriculation and all the challenges that allowed me to compare my schooling to. It it helped me to understand what directions I took in life that impacted me profoundly.
 I enjoyed reading the story of Michelle life.  She is a great woman and I hope you read her book.
 Her story is great because it could be many of us in the beginning. She is articulate, has a good sense of humor and doesn't take herself too seriously. I highly recommend this book to anyone who misses class and intelligence in the White House.
 Thank you, Michelle Obama, for sharing your story with us in this way.  You inspire all of us to do better.  I could not put this book down!
 Michell Obama's book is wonderfully written and inspirational BUT -for some reason, my copy had about 10-12 page spreads where the ink was too light to read or completely blank. Is this an issue with anyone else’s copy??? Where was the quality control person at Crown? How did Craig Robinson decide on Princeton? How did Michelle meet Jessie Jackson’s daughter? How did she become Barack’s mentor in the law firm???????  pgs. 52-53; 60-61; 68-69; 76-77; 84-85; 92-93; 100-101all blank or too light to read.
 i purchased two of these books  as christmas presents. there are multiple pages that are blank and multiple pages stuck together that were not separated during manufacture. i have no way to get in touch with the seller.
 Loved it immensely. Michelle spoke in her own words with actual representation of the episodes in her life. I lived many of those experiences along with her.
 There was nothing I disliked in Mrs. Obama's book. I loved reading her words from the moment I picked up "Becoming" to the very end...actually, couldn't put her book down (I stayed up till 6-7:00 am to finish her book)! Was so wishing I had Michelle Obama and Barack Obama as friend...
 Thank you, Michelle Robinson Obama for keeping your center in such a challenging position and for remaining so positive. I have benefited from witnessing your grace. The stories in this book remind me of who we are as a people, as a nation. Well-written and a joy to read.
 I listened to the audible book and I was able to feel the real passion in Michelle Obama's word. I am glad I read this book because it gave the real story and not what the media would like to make us think of this first African American family in the White House. Thank you Michelle for your words that can encourage us so much.
 Very inspiring. A reminder of what is really important and that we need to reflect our values in all that we do. Michelle is a very honest and intelligent person and has a lot of integrity. She puts her convictions into practice.
 Don't understand how she remembered so many details. I'm so happy for her and the entire family, love is shown by action and not just the saying. Her entire family showed love beginning with her Uncles who housed and built their separate sleeping quarters. Her parents being their for their children. Although the father was not in the best of health he continued to participate as often as needed. The love displayed by siblings.
 She is not only an intelligent woman filled with grace, she is a really fine writer.
 I love and respect Michelle and I am glad I also downloaded the audible to hear it in her own voice.
 I have the book on audible read by the author. Trying to decide if I want a hard copy for myself.  My mom received one as a gift. Hint hint.<br/>I wonder if the bad reviewers even read it from start to finish. How can you not love a story when a person born with a non silver spoon does well. I’m a gardener and especially love that she had no gardening experience.<br/>We as a country need to provide a great education to all.
 Great, easy read. Her writing makes you want to continue reading. Ms. Obama is a Class Act, and was a fabulous 1st Lady. This writings lets you see how she became the women she is. Would gave 10 stars, the pictures are a plus to the book.
 best book I've read in awhile. So inspiring and emotional. Michelle Obama = inspiration
 I  like the way Michelle described her early life, including her mom, dad, grandparents,  aunts, uncles, and how they each helped shape her confidence and her self image. Detailing her family's adjustment to life in the White House, both positively and less positively, was very informative.
 I enjoyed reading this book. Not because of the person of the writer but because of the deep feelings that the books so eloquently portrays. Mrs Obama could have said a lot more unsavoury things about those whose politics she disagreed with but staying 'high' she has shown that life's battles could be won and lost while still remaining civil and cultured. Thank you very much LADY Michelle Obama
 Michelle's book is the epitome of grace.  It is lovingly and honestly written about her life and crediting the people who helped to guide her.  I wish her, President Obama, and their beautiful daughters the best life has to offer.
 It's a bit of a slow start but it still flows quickly, and then you're all in and can't wait to get back in your car to listen some more (if you're like me and listen on your commute). Their story is enthralling. Loved listening to it read by Michelle.
 Masterly and beautifully written!  A job well done. Thanks, Michelle Robinson Obama for sharing your life &amp; world with with us.  May God continue to bless you &amp; your family.  Continue to stand your truth!  Enjoy your life. Much love &amp; respect.
 What an amazing journey - so far.  Mrs Obama writes with honesty, perspective, intelligence, and grace. I was always a fan and now even more so. I'd love to meet her mother..
 I read a lot, and wanted to know about the First African American FIRST LADY. She is the best ever.
 A very eye-opening look at what’s involved in political campaigns, but most interesting to read about her background and upbringing. An exceptional woman from an exceptionally hard-working family, with good values, strong motivation, and a great urge to help other people. And she writes well - very important to my enjoyment of a book.
 As always, Mrs. Obama was open, honest while inviting the American public into her extraordinary life. She reminded us of her hard working fathers role model work ethic and her mother serving as the perpetual champion for her and her brother. It reminds me how much I miss The Obama’s in the White House. She’s a vision of class and dare I say...a trailblazer. I was inspired.  I was proud of the platform they represented. America is better when EVERYONE has a seat at the table.
 I am struck by how many of her experiences mirror my own. As i'm reading this book, I felt as though I was speaking with an old friend. Don't believe the "monster" stories on her. She is very real, moving and inspiring. I didn't go in as an admirer but after reading this book, I am!!
 I chose to read this book because I admired Mrs. Obama from the first time I heard her speak.  She is a well educated, well spoken woman who told things like it is!  I am 75 years old and have seen a number of First Ladies come and go but none gave more pleasure listening to them than did she.  Of course I also greatly admired her husband and his views for our country. Mrs. Obama is what my mother would have called a "down to earth person."  I was very sad to see the end of their term in the White House especially when Donald Trump was elected!!  God help us all!!
 I enjoyed the book from start to finish. Such a joy reading the book. I give this book 5 stars!
 I enjoyed viewing many of the events of the Obama years through Michelle’s commentary. The time they were in office was an evolutionary tome for our nation in so many ways. It is clear from the boom that their jobs were never easy but always hopeful.
 I cannot imagine having the grace, determination and compassion that Michelle Obama had through her years as a political wife! She must be an amazing force, yet she comes across as so down to earth and humane.  After reading this book, my respect for her is immense
 Excellent read!  I can understand why it’s been on the best seller list for so long!  (After reading it, I would’ve been shocked if it weren’t on the best seller list.). Michelle Obama does a marvelous job reading her book on Audible books.
 A beautifully written book by a truly beautiful soul. If only more could view the world through her caring eyes, the world would indeed be a better place. Brilliant, caring, insightful and memorable...this book is a must-read.
 I went to hear Ms. Obama speak in Brooklyn. She's so dynamic, vibrant, intelligent and a force to be reckoned with. Her book, Becoming, echos all of this.  An intimate, human, and deeply personal journey shared with her fans!
 I was a fan of Michele’s before the book. But after reading it, I’m now a bigger fan. Her book takes you through the the years before and during her time as POTUS.  Her telling of her feelings are straight from her heart. Her details of what it’s like to life in the White House were amazing. But the bottom line is she is an awesome woman, mother, wife, and leader and she doesn’t tell her story with bravado but with honesty you’d get if you were having a cup of tea with her.
 Book cover was damaged. Looked like someone took a knife and dug into it.  Disappointed with quality that was sent. I expected a new book.
 Michelle has written a heart warming story, baring heart and soul as she and Barack faced many challenges on the way to and in their time at the<br/>White House. These two incredible<br/>people are an inspiration to never give<br/>up on the aspirations and beliefs you<br/>have for a better society and life for<br/>yourself, your family and your country.<br/><br/> and for your country.
 I found this book very well written and a very interesting insight into Michelle Obama. I really appreciate that she is such a promoter of education for our children and promotes diversity. I wish that some of the values that she promotes were present in the current administration.
 I loved Michelle Obama’s honest introspection of herself. I loved her sense of humor.  I loved that there was a whole other side to the outreach from the White House toward uplifting others.  It was a worthwhile read on so many levels.
 A Can’t Put It Down Book! It’s written so well and expresses so many of Michelle Obama’s feelings and details about her life growing up, meeting and dating Barack and then marrying, having her children and being in the White House. I’m so proud she was our First Lady, a class act! And the book is so real that I feel like I know her.
 I loved her honesty, humor, and willingness to share the details of her life.  An amazing woman. An amazing story. Thank you, Michelle
 Just buy it.  Just read it.  Michelle is an amazing human and her story is awesome.
 This was a Christmas gift and I was not happy when I was informed the book had a 1/2 tear on the binding under the jacket cover.  The gift receiver didn't want to have the book returned. Other than that it's a great book by a great lady.
 Such a wonderful and refreshing memoir! It made an already-relatable person even more so with her candidness about her fears, insecurities, and hopes for herself, her family and the nation. I can not recommend this book enough!
 Michelle could have been selling socks and I would have brought them.  I love her!!
 Excellent book. I finished it in 5 days. It was so enjoyable s d well written
 I enjoyed this book and learning more about the background of Michele and Barack Obama:  Attitudes can go along way in shaping your outcome and Education provides the key to a better life along with hard work. She is truly a sharing person with conviction and inner kindness.  Most people need the hope shown in this book.
 I had to read this book the day it was released because I miss the kind, generous, professional, uplifting family that we had the pleasure of their company for 8 years.  I have always admired them and will always continue to do so.
 A great book to read in these times. Such hope and honesty is conveyed. Some really great messages. With Mrs. Obama's education I was afraid it would be stuffy and difficult to read, but it wasn't. It was an enjoyable read.
 Amazon''s price was best then everywhere I looked. I bought about 11 copies of the most anticipated 2018 books of the season, at the most afforfable price for 10 people who was tremendously happy to receive and 1 for me too.
 Michelle Obama writes from the heart. She gave an honest and impactful insight into what it was like to grow up as a talented and nurtured black female. It should be encouraging to all females knowing that even the First Lady had ongoing doubts throughout her life that she was 'good enough.' How many times we doubt ourselves thinking we are the only one. I could almost hear her voice reading to me as I read it myself.
 Thank you, Michelle, for sharing your story with us.<br/><br/>This is an amazing memoir for present and future generations, providing a lense and tone that encourages the reader to honor their past and submit to the journey of becoming a leader in all their spheres of influence.<br/><br/>I loved how, in her own way, she honored her family, Barack, children and friends. I'm also glad she made the courageous step to continue to use her voice, tell HER story, in vulnerability and without agenda :D #iambecoming
 She was inspiring in her first movements as FLOTUS, but this look at her has me awestruck at her ability to be graceful, honest and REAL
 I liked the book. I liked reading about a "real" person that experienced this Presidential life and raised a couple of great kids in some really unconventional way.  I liked how she is a "real" person trying her best to just be her. It was a very interesting book.
 Fascinating autobiography and insight into one of this century's most influential women.
 Fabulous book. So well written, the former FLOTUS (honestly still FLOTUS in my heart) is so eloquent and intelligent, this book was a pleasure to read. I honestly took the Obamas for granted for 8 years, never imagining how things would change so drastically upon their departure. Mrs. Obama’s biography offers much appreciated insight to both what life was like as FLOTUS, and honest confessions about the struggles to find balance as an independent woman, living mother and supportive spouse. I respected Mrs. Obama before, but after reading this, I relate to her as a woman and friend.
 Arrived well before its deadline, in firm and safe package. Hard cover with a printed paper cover on top.<br/><br/>The book is excellent, definitely worth reading. Simple narrating, but straight from the heart. Has some photos as well. Everything that is important to know about this lady is there. Made me want to meet her in person. Highly recommended!
 She is only a few years older than I and I appreciate learning her story of how she got to her life now. She is a lawyer who saw the need to help the community. Thank you, First Lady Obama, for sharing. You are a role model for all of us who are willing and wanting to evolve and expand who we are.
 If you like autobiographies, this is a very good one.  A lot of her early childhood sounds like mine, so I could totally relate.  I found it hard to put down.  Also love that it happened in the recent past so it’s very relevant.
 Becoming is a lovely book. Mrs. Obama reads well, and at times, I feel like I am having coffee with her while she tells me her story. Although I have not finished it yet, this is one of the best books I have read recently.
 50 years from now we will remember this amazing lady and her husband in a positive way
 Beautifully written and honest look at Michelle Obama's life from childhood through today. Thoroughly enjoyed seeing America through her eyes.
 I loved this book and will forever be eternally grateful for the Obama’s. I am blessed to have witnessed an incredible moment in history. For 8 years, I was proud to be American. That America was indicative of everything I believe and have worked to create. Even with the current circumstances, I am optimistic, particularly for our children. Michelle is a strong writer with a great sense of humor and has inspired me to think about telling my authentic story without apology to maybe inspire others. Thank you, Michelle for writing, Becoming. The gift is in the process.
 I think all people of color should read this book. It lets you know just how much you can accomplish if YOU put in the work! I believe had I read this when I were younger (currently 64) my life may have been very different. Never allow anyone to stop you from doing what you believe you can do. Achieve greatness just like Michelle did! You may not become first lady however there are so many other roles to fill life.
 Mrs. Obama is an excellent story teller. But her values and class is what sets her apart.
 An engaging insight into who Michelle Obama is and how she came to be the beautiful, smart, driven First Lady we loved and admired ...and a reminder that she could have been us, and we can be her!
 I enjoy the transitions of each section as Michelle Obama grew up from Chicago and became the First Lady of the United States. We finally see the life in-between, and I for one appreciate how much I learned about this incredible woman. I also enjoyed seeing a more humanized view of her husband.
 Loved this book! Reminded me again why I loved this family. Integrity, class, honesty, caring. I could go on and on. It was so wonderful to have them representing our country for 8 years. They always wanted what was best for America and worked hard to achieve that goal. Makes me weep to know what we have lost! Every American should read this book.
 Your selflessness in itself in an encouragement to many of us new immigrants who often are made to feel as a 4th category of citizens. Regardless of how much we contribute to this country, we will never really be citizens. We will always because of our accents be called upon to first answer the question “where are you from?” before we can be labeled as “just another naturalization case”!
 If you like Michelle Obama you will like her even more.  If you don't care for her, reading this book might change your mind.
 This book is a balm not only to Americans who may be troubled by the events of the day, but also to those in other countries who fear that the US has lost its way.  This book is a mother's comforting voice offering a ray of hope.
 I didn't know what to expect from the former FLOTUS book, and found that her style of writing was outstanding, felt authentic, and kept me wanting to read more. Surprisingly, I felt like I understood and related to many of her stories - even though I have little in common with her life. I would highly recommend this book as an entertaining, well-written glimpse into the life of an interesting, smart, warm and genuine leader who blazed new trails during my lifetime.
 I love a good biography and this is a page turner.<br/>Well written with interesting turn of phrase and vocabulary.<br/>Michelle has had a remarkable life and I like what she stands for.<br/>I have already gifted this book to good friends.
 I had no real expectations when I started reading Becoming but boy was I blown away!  I read a lot and almost never leave a review but this book touched me.  Michelle tells her story with the class and dignity that surrounds the Obamas.  I can’t tell you how profoundly this book affected me.  I will pass it along to my daughters and tell all my friends to read it.  Very impactactful and uplifting even while keenly observing the somewhat sad state of politics.  Left me feeling hopeful - in Michelle’s own words, “change happens slowly” but we can still strive to make it better.
 Her memoir is poignantly written and is very insightful and inspirational. Michelle Obama tells it like it is with just enough information without going overboard. Thankful to have read this book and to have become even more of a fan.
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife. So far she is enjoying it
 Wonderfully written. A candid recounting of an interesting life of a gracious woman sharing her life experiences with us. Thank you for opening up a window through which you share such great insights and amazing experiences with all of us.
 Personal reading. I had no idea of her background and growing up years.
 To me this is not about a former first lady, it is about a person who made the best of her life and has always tried to lift other people up with her.  Democrat or Republican, there are lessons to be learned here.  Getting to be first lady for 8 years was just the icing on the cake.
 This is a great read, and also an IMPORTANT read for those wanting to expand your cultural competence of the African American experience.  Our classy and intellectual First Lady takes us across the plethora of communities within the Black community.
 Inspiring, honest, touching, interesting. Michelle gives insight into the life of a presidential family, life in America and life in general. I have little in common with her, and yet, somehow, her story is relatable.
 This is a great book. I have recommended it to my family and friends.A
 I have been really loving this book, but as I turned the page, I had 2 blank pages. At first I thought no big deal, but then a few pages later, more blank pages. I deserve a new book.
 Bought this for my wife and she loved it and read it in a couple of days!
 Many years have passed since I have needed to read a book “critically.” While reading, I found many passages that vibrated something in me.... in my mind... I began highlighting passages and am utilizing the passages as a springboard for internal reflection. Sony looking inward, I may move forward.
 Thank you to a true, and my forever 1st Lady. The insights, compassion, intelligence, and kindness in service to our country stand as a stark reminder of what is possible, but currently absent.<br/>We love you, our forever FLOTUS. Great read.
 I love how Mrs.Obama described her personal growth in and outside of the white house. She gave us a view of the life of a wife in politics. She is unashamed to tell her story.
 This an excellent book, very well written. Situations that must African American women have had to go thgrough at one time or another and a true depiction of our community and our teenage years. This book is very refreshing.
 I enjoyed the honesty and the gut-wrenching self expression when political agendas of others made a mockery doing the right thing. She writes from the heart and celebrates the integrity of the Obama family amidst strong racial attacks sadly on the increase in the US today. Never judge a person on the colour of their skin but rather on the integrity of their soul.
 This book moved me to tears, had me laughing, depressed and hopeful all at the same time. Being a mixed woman, military beat, active duty Airman, single mother raising a black son, from New Mexico, I can truly say that the American experience is me. And this book touched on so many issues, subjects, thoughts, fears and hopes I have had, continue to have and will face in my lifetime. But, here's to the hopeful and optimistic future that Mrs. Obama dared to have and tried to create. Thank you for all you did and all you represent to us, this nation.
 This book gave me great insight into the Obama family, careers and dreams for our country. I loved the honesty and realism of Michelle, the friendships and respect that the Obama's gave to everyone around them. I love that they are very close to family and loyal to friends. Michelle Obama is the perfect example of a strong intelligent, graceful women. Many Blessings and Love! God Bless American
 I liked the book immensely.  It was honest and very interesting to view the Obamas as real people.  I could emphathize with the trials and tribulations that Michelle endured.  I admire them for the great sacrifices they made in service of our country.
 This is such a wonderful book.  She is a gifted story tell - so honest and real.  I admired her before I read the book and now even more so.  I am so thankful that she shared so much of her life and would highly recommend this book to anyone!
 I loved it!  Michelle Obama is an amazing human being who can always see the bright side, take action to change what she thinks needs changing and has shown us that we SHOULD always strive. To BECOME!  Her introspection is very brave.... She is Michelle!
 What an amazing insight into the life of Forever First Lady Michelle Obama. It’s a great read!  It will make your emotions come alive!  I highly recommend this book.
 This book keeps you totally engaged. It told of events I remember seeing on tv regarding our president and First Lady but it also gave a more intimate and personal account into their life and role. I love this book!
 I am so grateful to have read this book. As a young Latina who is a daughter of immigrants, I strive daily to remain hopeful and optimistic about our country’s future. I pride myself in being the odd voice in the room full of optimism and promoting change even when faced with negative responses. This book really inspired me to keep tru to myself and my ideals no matter how hard it may get, because it all starts with those who are willing to sacrifice to bring about change.<br/><br/>Thank you Michelle!<br/><br/>Sincerely,<br/><br/>A young girls life you’ve touched!
 What a heroic story and so well told. How i miss these people as leaders of our nation. And dad that most of what they did was erased by 45. Michelle and Barack Obama are our hearts better, and that cannot be lost.
 This book is so well written it's easy to relax into the story and live it alongside the author. I felt that I was inhaling the truth of Michelle Obama's heart - not a cleaned up facsimile, as is often the case with celebrities.
 Very down-to-earth, real-life, it's a wonderful and refreshing read.
 Reading this books feels like I’m sitting down having a conversation with an old friend.<br/>The tone is light yet serious without being boastful!  She is who she is no apologizes.
 Classy,hopeful, interesting, well written and inspiring. What a lovely reminder of what could be and was accomplished witha graceful , grateful and hardworking woman with humility and personality as our first lady
 Excellent book! Michelle did such a great job of taking the reader on a journey from beginning to current. It was heartwarming, inspiring, funny, reflective, humble etc etc I can’t say enough great things! Highly recommend
 As she writes you become engrossed in her easy way of describing her life as it unfolds. The ups and downs of a normal life that turns out so much more. She delivers hope. You feel as though she could be your best friend.
 The Former First Lady penned an amazing story. The chance to get to know her better was part of the mystic. Well-written and an easy to read tale. We learned why she is the successful woman she became. Thank you, Our First Lady For Life.
 I haven't had time to read the entire book yet however what I've read has been inspiring, simply written and as colorful to read as Mya Angelou's books! I've always admired Mrs. Obama and her husband, now even more, if that's possible! I pray the very best for her and her beautiful family!!!!!!!!
 A wonderful read from a wonderful First Lady. She gives a look inside her personal thoughts and gives details of not only her own history but that of her husband. If you’re a fan of either of them, this book is for you.
 I felt before this book that Ms. Obama was just that. This book affirms this. It was interesting to read how her and  her husband found their way to be the best President and First Lady. History will certainly acknowledge this.
 Easy to hear Michelle's voice as I read and gave a wonderful down to earth story of where she came from and insights on her feelings as their life evolved. It's very well written and held my interest right tho the end. She is truly a great lady and mother, positively motivated to helping and building lives of those less fortunate.
 This beautiful book reads like you are having a conversation with Michelle Obama.  The energy, thoughtfulness, hard work and passion put forth by the Obamas is amazing.  They have set a gold standard for leadership and morality.  I loved who they were and thank them for their sacrifices to serve our country.  I am saddened and frightened by our current president.
 As a public library patron, I don't spend much money on books, but am so happy with this purchase. I keep going back to it to remind myself that everything will be fine and that there are GOOD PEOPLE in this world.
 This book was hard to put down, I enjoyed reading about aspects of her life I could relate to and even the parts I couldn't. It inspired me to work harder and believe more in myself and others around me. I enjoyed it immensely!
 Wow, what an incredible journey and life she has led.  So many accomplishments, others should take note.  No matter where you start, you can work hard, and become first lady.  Well done, well written, very inspiring!!
 An honest, heart felt summation of Michelle Obama's childhood experiences, her nascent relationship with Barak Obama, her IVF experience to enable her to give birth to her two daughters and a bird's eye view of what it is like to live within the walls of the White House.  It contains information I never knew before and is a very engrossing read.  Two wonderful, intelligent people trying and succeeding in doing the best for their family and fellow citizens.  They set a high bar for all those who follow in their footsteps.  Highly recommended.
 I rate the book 4 because it was easy to read and I got to understand that a woman, even the first lady have to deal with real issues relating to being a woman. As a woman in management your always expected to fail and always have to work twice as hard as a man. As a mother of two girls 12 and 6, it was real challenging to read, as it's a large book.
 I loved this book. It was not only a biography but a history lesson. I loved the journey of the Obamas and their family. There is so much to this book. I could go on for a while. Read it. That is all I have to say.
 I bought this for my wife's Birthday. We are both Michelle admirers. She seems to be enjoying it. I haven't had a chance to read it yet, but it is a most attractive book.
 It felt like having a conversation with her, and I appreciated her honesty and candor.  What a great example of what the FLOTUS can be, with some determination and vision.
 Reading the book was like sitting down over coffee with an good friend.  It was so nice to reconnect.  The book was well written and interesting.  She painted a picture in words that made her life so real to me.
 Michelle is a lot like your practical friend who you call up with your hair on fire and she says, "Yes of course its all such a tragedy but, have you made the bed?"  She's such a grounded articulate speaker that you will immediately get sucked into her message of rigor and patience. So inspiring!
 This book is so heartfelt and makes me feel very close to Ms Obama (ex FLOTUS).  I love her descriptions of meeting the President and their courtship.  It helped me realize just how special these two people are.
 An excellent autobiography by the amazing Michelle Obama! Full of wisdom and wit.
 Her story was so relatable to that of myself and so many other women &amp; that of black people. So grateful for her wisdom and unfiltered thoughts. Her experience was truly a blessing for me to witness as FLTOUS, in her black skin!
 A great read for any and everyone, and a wonderful behind the scenes look at national politics. Keep an open mind and there is much to learn here.
 This is an amazing book written by an amazing woman. I have always loved the expression, 'know your worth'. Well, Mrs. Obama, definitely knows her worth.
 What a woman, mother, and wife! I loved Michelle's biography. She is stellar in all she has done even if she had never been a first lady. I am a big fan and recommend this book to all even if you were not a fan.
 Mrs. M. Obama pulls no punches. Couldn't put it down. She is still so relevant, interesting, entertaining. and one of my favorite women of all time. She makes me feel like I know her on a personal level. Read this book! It's  time well spent.
 I couldn’t put this book down. I feel like Michelle is my best girl friend now. This book made me love her even more!! I miss you, Obamas!!
 This book was so AMAZING.  I felt that I could relate to so much throughout this book.  She inspired me to want to continue to be better daily in spite of how others may treat me.  I am encouraged to never take for granted what your passion is because it can take you far and be the answer that so many need.
 From Kindergarten to First Lady, Michelle Obama shares everything I wanted to learn!
 Calls you to reflect on your own life and contemplate how you can make more of an impact in this world
 This memoir was a good read. For any young person who doubts they can become whatever their heart desires this book is a great motivator.<br/>It remains refreshing to know that she and our former POTUS have managed to have a scandal free relationship and marriage.
 A warm, engaging, &amp; entertaining memoir. If you’re familiar with Michelle Obama you can hear her voice saying these words. In fact the audible edition is narrated by Michelle Obama herself. She is a class act!
 This book was written so well. You could feel what Michelle felt through her words. The sacrifices that our First Family made for our country was amazing and not known by the public. Nothing was done for praise or glory but for the good of us all.
 If you didn’t love Michelle before this you surely will after and who cares about the naysayers who probably didn’t buy it anyway<br/>Very well written and so candid about her husband and his political lifeg
 She's perfect, she's brilliant, she's beautiful and she's kind and none of us deserve her. Reading about her fascinating life before becoming FLOTUS was eye opening and really gives you a sense of how experienced and educated she is. A great read.
 It was a gift and the recipient found it witty and tremendously interesting.
 I’m learning so much about Michelle Obama as an individual. It is interesting reading about her early years and how her views on her marriage mature and develop over the years. Not done yet but would definitely recommend
 I’m in love with this book. Feels like you’re just sitting on the porch in the summer time, drinking a glass of wine and talking to Michelle about her life. Love her, love Barack, and love them even more now that I have all this new knowledge about them. Lol
 This is a great inspirational book that should be read by all high schoolers and adults. it is well written and gives one the insight into a real champion.  his is so important now that we are witnessing the decline and fall of America under the hands of Trump and the Republican party.  Melania Trump could not hold Michelle's jog Bra.
 This book kept me up till the wee hours of the morning reading. Mrs. Obama story needed to be told. I would recommend this book to every woman; not only women of color.<br/>Thank you Mrs. Obama for your candidness.
 I loved this book. The range of emotions unbelievable! It was like I knew the Obama's personally. Michelle's upbringing as a child was not so different as mine, in my mind I could literally see a movie unfolding. The ups and downs, Southside, I loved that they named their grandfather. Her movie, my movie, and I'm sure so sure many others could relate. I honestly hated for the book to end. But then again, it hasn't!
 Expected nothing less from such an intelligent, classy First Lady. Beautifully-written memoir, very immersive in her struggles, memories, etc of her life
 A gift to mom understanding her difficulty in reading small text, and she finished it in one day.  She was so thankful and exclaimed how, 'I can not wait to be a part of the discussion with my friends!' ❤❤❤
 This is a wonderful book.  I am so glad to have the opportunity to see and understand the life of an amazing woman.  She has revealed herself as so very real and human, while loving and caring for all the people in her life, especially children.  I always liked Michelle, even when I hardly knew her.  Now that I know her so much better, I cannot imagine a more incredible person.  I wish I knew her personality.  Thanks for sharing your life with us.
 Just a very enlightening read- biography!<br/>What a beautiful family who’ve changed the world fr the better!  Sadly almost everything they accomplished in 8 years is now being bastardized by Agent Orange!
 Michelle Obama's story in "Becoming" is the first ray of light since the unforgettable election day of 2016. This book gently brings to surface what had been nearly invisible these past few years: reminders of the importance of optimism, respect, and hard work—especially in the context of community. Thank you, Michelle, for sharing your voice with us in such a tender way.
 A truly inspiring read.  This book shows the heart and soul of a great First Lady.  It also shows her commitment to encourage others to reach for their dreams and ambitions.<br/>A truly must read.
 A must read for every person who claims to be a loyal American and needs to see that keeping our country great requires a vision beyond ourselves, beyond our comfort level and beyond the farthest star we thought we could reach.
 Enjoyed reading Becoming and learning more about Michelle Obama. I LOVED how she was open and REAL with her audience. Some of the stories are worth reading again because they were too funny to just enjoy once. What an amazing journey and role model for ALL your girls.
 This book is just down to earth about human growth. I really enjoyed it and highly recommend it to everybody. It's not dry and boring but takes you on a ride of personal growth, love, loss and everyday growth.
 This was a very eye opening view of not only her life but also her family's live and their lives in the white house as a black family! It also revealed things I was not aware of regarding being in the white house!
 What an amazing read. While very different childhood and life than mine, there was a similarity as well. Not in local nor in opportunities, but rather in attitude and determination. In love of family and community.
 I loved this book and have recommended it to many people. Michelle Obamas drive and sense of purpose from a very early age is so impressive. Highly intelligent with strong family support she overcame the a many hurdles which were much greater for an African American woman.
 Very well written.  Michelle gives an inside account on how it is to be the most powerful and protected family in the US.
 I very much enjoyed reading Michelle Obama's firsthand account of her life.  She is a very smart, social, accomplished lady and it was great getting to know so much more about her upbringing and thoughts.
 Well-written and everything I hoped it would be. This book was truly inspiring to let us all know what we are capable of becoming.
 My bookclub read Michelle's book. We all loved it and learned so much about living a public life. She is an excellent writer and refreshingly honest. An important read no matter your political persuasion.
 Becoming is easy read.  It’s entertsining.  Hard to put down once you shady reading.  It’s sutobiographical but also gives you insight of the history of the US in the first couple of chapters.<br/>Recommend highly.
 Loved this book. Very informative and well written. It’s a pretty long book too
 This made my wife's Christmas, and they delivered it in 2-3 days.
 The beautiful and highly intelligent  First Lady spoke honesty about everything in her young and exciting life. Her provocative book is definitely a page-turner that left the readers calling their friends and asking, “What do you think about . . .?!<br/><br/>I miss the First Family including Mama Robinson and Mama Kay. They made us love them more!<br/><br/>“Becoming” is an excellent book!<br/><br/>Thanks First Lady Meche!
 I enjoyed reading about a strong willed and opinionated woman. No matter our outside color we all have the same hopes, dreams, fears and concerns as the next wife or mother. Thank you for giving a voice to the rest of us.
 Fabulous,  informative I could not put the book down. Refreshing to learn about her journey to be a First Lady &amp; all her initiatives. She is brave &amp; bold sharing very personal details of her life in &amp; out of the White House. Brilliant book written by a highly intelligent women.
 Such a great book. Hard covers are always convenient and easy to keep nice. Highly recommend this book! Her honesty and life story is incredibly inspiring, especially for young women, women of color, or other under-served populations.
 Gave this as a present to my wife - she absolutely loves it!
 Michelle Obama tells the story of her life in a wonderfully conversational tone, making you feel that she is sharing a cup of tea with you as she recounts her life. I look forward to her next book and hope she branches out to perhaps historical fiction. Well done!
 This book is an inspirational and challenging read. It is a rare glimpse into the life of a woman who overcame the obstacles that society places on people of color to obtain a good education and economic security; and who in spite of them became one of America's most beloved First Ladies.
 I did not know much about the Obama family until reading this book. It was powerful to connect with many of the experiences Michelle Obama shared about - being a career woman and mother and wife, focusing attention on education and youth, and desperately wanting to make a difference in this world. I appreciate her honesty and vulnerability, as well as her courage.
 What an amazing story and journey. I found myself liking and relating to her mom for continuously giving so much and helping her daughter (Mrs. Obama) become an extraordinary and beautiful human being.
 becoming is an open honest story of a compassionate human being. She reveals, honestly, her life before and during Barack Obama’s presidency and graciously tells  the story of  having accomplished so much good for others as First Lady. Her ability to adapt to the demands of being the First Lady and the first family is remarkable.
 I hope this isn't the last we've heard of Michelle Obama as a writer. As "FLOTUS" autobiographies go this book is is in a class of its own, well written, engaging and interesting from beginning to end.
 Bought for a friend, but read it after her, well written
 This is a very well written book describing Michelle Obama's many achievements from childhood through adulthood giving inspiration to all readers to understand how they can achieve their dreams as well
 This book was wonderful to read and listen to. It was informative and inspiring. It was at times sad re- living  America's dirt but it was truth.  As Michelle said "when they go low, she goes high."  Great book.
 The Best and most inspiring book that I have read in a long time.  Filled with dreams, hope, and love for her family and love for America. Thank you First Lady Michelle Obama !  You are an inspiration.
 This book is a easy read, Michelle Obama is very relatable, real and down to earth. Her story could be that of so many of us. Very uplifting read. I would encourage all teens and college age young women to read this book.
 MICHELLE OBAMA writes with an authentic voice &amp; absolute personal voice.
 My 82 year old mother has wanted to read this book since it's release, and this trade paperback, large print edition is PERFECT for her. I look forward to borrowing it from her when she has finished with it.
 This book was incredible! I do not normally pick up autobiographies or memoirs but I took a chance on this one. It was a good thing I took a chance on this book because I loved it! It was fascinating to read and learn about Michelle Obama's life and perspective. The writing was done excellently to the point that I felt like she was talking right to me. I had to stop multiple times to tell my boyfriend about what I was reading. It sparked many interesting conversations between us. I've already recommended it to friends and suggest everyone read it!
 We need to take time to share our stories.  Becoming is a story worth reading.<br/>Got a little campy at times but overall well done.<br/>It gave a voice and connection to The first African American First Lady.
 Michelle was quite candid about everything.  I enjoyed her down to earth method of communicating.  She comes across just as she appeared to everyone on TV; a loving wife and mother first and foremost.
 Loved this book! I grew up in Chicago too. Although I am white and lived further South, I could relate to much of what she talked about. Wonderful insight into how she became the amazing woman she is!
 Michelle Obama’s book is inspiring and full of hope. She tells of her childhood, her early relationship with the future POTUS, and trying to keep a sense of “normalcy” while living in the White House. Mrs. Obama writes about the power of human decency and empathy, and urges us all to be better for the sake of humanity.
 What a great book by former first lady. She had lively walked through the whole journey of hers from her childhood till Whitehouse. She has worked so hard throughout her life rising from simple beginnings to becoming a First Lady. The book had given a glimpse of how well connected is she to ground realities of common man. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.
 An intimate portrait of the woman we all believe we know. I love the vulnerability and transparency of this book. She laid it all out there for us, thereby providing a rare glimpse into her childhood, education and life in the White House. I was inspired while reading to do more - more for my community, more for my kids, more for my neighbors. Mrs. Obama is an amazing woman.
 Becoming was both insightful and inspirational. At this time in our history, it was helpful to read about the Obama’s hopeful outlook on our country. While Mrs. Obama accepts our current reality, she is able to look forward to a better society.  I enjoyed every page.
 She’s been my most favorite First Lady and I’m honored that i was able to read her book. It was moving and captivating in a way i wasn’t expecting. Thank you Mrs. Obama for your heart. It comes across in everything you do and say.
 Very well written. She paints such vivid pictures. I felt like I was in the room with her.
 I loved every word in this book. I cried &amp; laughed equal amounts. I was left motivated to be more connected to my community. I have been battling with my career desperate for a change. After reading about Michelle's bravery, I feel like I too can have a second chance and can swerve as Michelle would say! Bravo! Thank you for sharing these stories.
 I wish I could give it another star! This women is everything and life and more! A real First Lady, a real Wife, a real Mother, Daughter, etc.... just so Humble, beautiful (inside and out) and of course stylish! Lol This book will make you love her even more! Yes, it’s possible lol I love you Mrs. Michelle Obama! MY FOREVER FIRST LADY!
 I have always admired Michelle Obama as a woman, wife, mother &amp; First Lady.  There were never any pretenses in all those roles....what you saw is what you got. She is a good example of always striving to be what you want to be, not expecting anything to be handed to you. I would recommend this book to all my friends and relatives, regardless of their ages or political persuasions.  It is truly the story of any American girl &amp; what she can accomplish in her life, if she wants to. Thank you for sharing, Michelle, it was a joy getting to know you.
 Whether you are red or blue or white or black, you owe yourself this fresh look at a remarkable woman.  Well written and inspiring, the story lays out a life of doubt and success; of winning and losing; of love and forgiveness; of joy and sorrow.  The insights into private thoughts about a very public life make Michelle’s story real and memorable.
 A straightforward and interesting account of how a reluctant and more private person than her husband became involved in politics and finally saw this involvement as an opportunity to do some good. Her voice is fresh and direct, and I highly recommend getting the Audible version so that you can hear her read her work.
 La vida de esta espectacular mujer sirve de faro para todas aquellas que en ocasiones nos olvidamos de que nunca podemos perder la esperanza.<br/>Como persona, mujer, profesional, hija, hermana y madre  nos da lecciones de vida.<br/>Es amiga de sus amigos, compasiva, fuerte, inteligente, resistente, valiente y luchadora.<br/>Ya desde lejos, sin tener toda la información, la admiraba,  ahora, conociendo de cerca su vida, he aprendido a ser mejor ser humano y la admiro todavìa más!!! Fue triste terminar el libro!!!
 Completely exceeded my expectations - I couldn't put this book down. The First Lady is elegant, empathetic, and has a depth of character that goes far beyond many. She conveys a story of which touches anyone who reads this book - she shares private details and I'm sure this was rather difficult to put in to words. I felt like I could hear her voice as I was reading this book. She is someone just like us - that took chances, suffered, and overcame obstacles.
 She is a great author. Almost reads as if you're having a conversation with a good friend and trying to figure out life. She has traversed the middle of many lines and labels with so much grace and impact. And here she gives us a behind the scenes thought process, growth, and inspiration of not you vs. everything Michelle Obama has achieved, but rather you and her when she was growing and continues to grow to becomes who she is today. Very highly recommend.
 The honesty with which details are revealed is surprising.  I am getting an insight into these 2 normal people and their  family life and values.<br/>Their commitment to giving back and making the world a better place and helping others is refreshing and honest.
 The First Lady has written a well considered autobiography. Eloquently detailing her humble beginning, her hard work and then the struggles she faced juggling family, meaningful work and life at the White House. My admiration has increased ten fold.
 I cannot express how much it means to me to be able to see the White House through Michelle's eyes.  The Obama years will be judged by history, and I am confident of the conclusion.  Thank you for going high.
 I can’t put this book down. It’s informative and so well written. My First Lady can be colorful (pun not intended) and that’s so refreshing. I hope she continues to write and share all her wisdom and knowledge.
 Because of the tremendous detail of how Michelle Obama became who she is today and the honesty of the difficulties encountered in many aspects, but without any whining, made this book a reminder of how women--and especially women of color have had to maneuver in a white male dominated world. The most impacting aspect of the book is the stark contrast with the current potus . Nothing intentional in words but one cannot help but do a mental comparison while reading. Well worth my time post holidays.
 This was what my friend wanted for Christmas. It was a hit.
 I have always been a huge Michelle fan,but after reading this book I feel proud of the work she's done for this country. For woman,girls,and all children and their health.This book does it all it made me cry,laugh,and has the warm love we all need.
 This is a wonderful book. If you don’t like Michelle or Barack Obama or “Liberals”, you may want to read it anyway (it might open your mind), but please don’t throw any bias in a “review”. I wouldn’t “review” The Art of the Deal either.
 Booked received thank you.
 Mom is a life-long Democrats ... attended two National Conventions &amp; loves President and Mrs. Obama!  Can't wait to see her expression on Christmas Morning!!! Amazon availability greatly appreciated because other source was sold out!!!
 Michelle book is authentic, honest and she put personal information out there.<br/> I read it in one setting because it was so engaging. I could identify with the culture, family practices and traditions. The south side of Chicago is where I also grew up and Michelle really captured the white flight that took place in the Chicago area of South Shore.<br/>The book provides cultural, historical and personal information. Its a good read.
 Reading this took me back in time to a very different reality than we have today. I laughed and cried, remembering all the twists and turns of their remarkable time leading up to the Presidency and during. I miss them and their sweet children. There’s just so much gratitude I feel for them, their values, their kindness and ordinary authenticity. Thank you Michelle for writing this book from your heart.
 I could not put the book down.  Michelle is an amazing human being - her humanity comes through in so many ways.  I only hope the positive energy she and Barack gave this country will return soon so we can move forward again.
 This book gives the reader another perspective for such a high profile role and how it affects many others. It was a fantastic read and I'm grateful for the continued reminder that we are all enough regardless of our circumstances. Great book.
 A beautifully written and heartwarming story. Without knowing Michelle Obama personally, her story made me fall in love with her courage and her truth. I found it very interesting to be privy to her families lives in the white house. Her story has been so very enlightening and humbling. Thank you.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book, start to finish.  I learned so much I did not know and wished I had known sooner.  I am a Republican but I think it would be better if we would all just remember we are not just members of one party but Americans.
 I liked that Mrs. Obama was open and willing to share her story without filters.  She shared in a way to inspire others to put their best foot forward to enhance the opportunity for a successful life..
 She did an excellent job with this book.  I really love the audible because she doesn't sound like she's reading.  She sounds as though she's telling the story and you can just hear her emotions throughout.
 I enjoyed the book from beginning to end.  Michelle is a very gifted writer.  It gives glimpses into  life in the White House.  It also reinforces the fact that if you work hard, get an education and have goals you too can reach the stars. Love that she was so active with children I am sure she made a lifelong impact on them.<br/>Miss them!
 great read.  even though I am an Obama fan, and probably know a lot of what is in the book, I still enjoyed Michelle's take on everything.  couldn't wait to pick it up every night.  poignant, funny, truthful.  LOVED IT!!!!!
 Interesting read. So proud of First Lady Michelle!
 I love Michelle Obama and this is a wonderful wonderful books.
 This book was so well written. I found myself in suspense a few times even though I knew what happened. I love that she allowed us inside their lives and experience as the first African-American family. Definitely recommend this book for young and old.
 Details about the former First Lady's life as she looks back on positive, loving family relationships, struggles and acomplishments of her incredible life. Very well writen and read through Audible by the Author. Will read and listen a second time. As a fellow woman, she speaks to my heart.
 Great autobiography without getting too deep into the politics of her life with President Obama. Covers mostly her family and how important her family and friends were to her "Becoming" who she is today.
 Had the privilege of seeing her in Los Angeles on November 15, 2018 and bought a signed copy at the event even though i had already preordered my copy on Amazon.  Read the Amazon copy and keeping the signed copy as a collectable!
 I bought this book for my wife as she went to the book signing event and a huge fan of Michelle Obama. We are already inspired by what Michelle Obama has done for this country and to read about some of her experiences through this book is nice. The book is an easy ready with large print which makes it easy on the eyes.
 Just finished one of the most outstanding books that I have ever read.<br/>Now I know why it has been number one on the bestseller list for so long.<br/>It should be required reading for everybody.
 I enjoyed this book!!!! I loved how the story is told from her view but you still get the big picture of politics at every level. As a girl from the south side of Chicago as well I really identified with Michelle’s struggles, challenges, hard work, love of family and music in this book. I listened to the audio and read the book!!
 Michelle Obama reminds us that we all have the same hopes and fears, as well as a love for family. She reminds us that we are all the same, but some have a better support system pushing us or hold in us back when needed.
 I purchased for me and several girlfriends to read together.  We began January 1st and could not put down the book.  Everyone completed in less than a month including work, children, etc.  A must buy!
 I absolutely love this book. I already have the hard copy, but the audible version is wonderful to enjoy while I'm driving.
 Excellent book detailing not only Obama’s experience as First Lady, but also the tension of balancing career and family. Her struggle deciding how to use the role for maximum impact was inspiring.
 Loved that she is open and honest in all things.  She has doubts and fears, but she perceived.  She is about reaching back and giving a helping hand to others.  And she never forgets where she came from.
 This is a very good read. Page-turner yet every word was carefully thought out. I've been taking my time to digest each page but I'm quickly burning through this book. Love it and love Mrs. Michelle Obama
 I didn’t think I could love Michelle Obama any more than I already do, but after reading her story, my respect and admiration for her has only increased. Authentic, engaging story telling that has given me greater insight into the struggles and triumphs that Black people in this country face. Michelle knows she is fortunate to have been raised in a family that supported her in every way. Her understanding of this advantage and desire to want to lift up others is truly remarkable.
 Great story telling! Enlightening, funny, educational and endearing. I loved reading this book because it gave you deep dive look into her life, her experiences and an insider view of living in the White House.
 I’m 28 and decided to read this book with a book club! I also bought this book for a friend. I loved how Michelle supported her husband and kids. I love how she still focused on her career and causes that were important to her. I loved how she was so transparent and always remembered her roots.
 This is an honest description of Michelle Obama’s life up through the White House. She doesn’t sugarcoat her struggles but does highlight her successes. Highly recommend.
 This is a wonderfully written, interesting, insightful and honest presentation by one of the most admired women in our history, past and present.  I love it.  Everyone I know who has read it loves it.
 Totally honest and inspiring. An amazing writer, mother and wife. Thank you for having the courage to seek true happiness and commitment and share those fears you experienced along the way. Only the disconnected could not love this journey.The courage Michelle has to be open to questioning her ideals and what sacrifice looks like as a wife and mother. This First Lady gives women the courage to take a deeper look at what loyalty and love looks like.
 Truly enjoyed this book. Our book club, NW&amp;M, chose to read and discuss this book for our Feb 2019 meet. Everyone enjoyed the book. It was easy to read, reflective, and personable. We highly recommend this book!
 It was a good book to read.  You have to like memoirs.  She wrote a lot about her husband, Barack.  At times I thought the book was about him.  She made a good attempt to show how effort plays a part in success.  I like her attitude.  That's a reason why I chose the book.
 Best book I bought this year!  Michelle should write more!  I would buy!!!  Becoming is becoming.
 Beautifully written, frank and honest, self-reflective in ways that started me thinking about my own approach to life.  I will be reading it again, to get more insights out of it.  She's an amazing woman.
 Michelle Obama delivers a story of her life that so many women can relate to and yet her life is one that most of us will never have as a first lady. She's simply amazing.
 Great book bought a copy for me and my mother.
 An excellent autobiography.  Those with nasty reviews probably have a political agenda!
 I have always admired Mrs. Obama and having read her biography I can understand why she is the most admired woman in America.<br/>Great read!
 A true, honest, down to earth woman tells her story about love, life, opportunity and perseverence.  This book is well written and thoughtful and shows how believing in yourself can take you anywhere.
 Michelle Obama has done an incredible job. This is introspective without TMI, hopeful yet real, and so down-to-earth. I don't think there is another first lady who could have pulled this off.
 Fabulously written. This was like chatting over coffee with an old friend. Honest, humble, touching words from an amazingly strong lady. A true role model!!!!!
 Michelle is one of my idols. When they go low. We go high is my mantra now. It is very difficult getting through the decisiveness of this new administration. Thank you Michelle for instilling hope for our future
 Wonderful and Excellent READ!! So personal, and poignant, and humble...Recommended for ALL!!!
 One can't blame Mrs. Obama for being oh-so careful about what she reveals in this book about herself and her family. Even her nail polish was criticized by the public. I particularly like the way she seems to admire her mother. I wish she had showed us more of her feelings about this amazing life and perhaps less of the action involved. How she felt instead of just what she did.
 I'm going to purchase the hard copy just for a keepsake 😀
 We feel she is "our michelle", but no one doubts she is her own woman, period. And she is more than enough.  Well done, michelle - now keep steppin on down the road. We'll follow you anywhere.
 Thought it was well written. Interested in her early life. Admired her diligence in all things.  Her loyalty to family, friends an$ the President. What she did for children was transforming
 I always knew I liked her. Now I understand why. We were blessed to have both the Obamas lead our country for 8 years. Michelle Obama's story reminds us  of what is really important in life. Thank you for sharing!
 Michelle is a wonderful writer and I felt she was a friend telling me her story.....honest, heartfelt and truthful. As white woman, I lived in her neighborhood in New Haven, CT and my family moved to the suburbs when I was seven. I often wondered what would it have been like if our family stayed and if the what happened to those who remained. I felt her lose energy towards the end, during their second term in office, but she is not a politician. I consider her life and passion for integrity an inspiration.
 I didn’t think I could like Michelle Obama anymore than I already did but I do. She’s a phenomenal human and outstanding role model for young women.
 After reading Michelle Obama's book, I found myself liking and admiring her even more than I did before. I loved learning  about life on the campaign trail and in the White House. She really accomplished so much as First Lady - more than I realized. Hopefully her legacy will live on.
 Only about halfway through the book, but it is such a good read. The writing is excellent and the narrative pulls you from page-to-page. I'm really enjoying it and find it uplifting in spirit.
 Authentic, genuine, humble and honest- I absolutely loved this book and deeply respect Michelle for her honesty and integrity. What a breath of fresh air considering the scourge of dishonesty in DC today.
 Michelle Obama has to be one of the most amazing women of our time. Her background is one most of us can relate to. I imagine being in her presence feeling comfortable and awed at the same time. If more people had her compassion and love for fellow man our world would be a better place. She is brilliant and beautiful. I know we haven’t heard the last of her.
 Must have for conversation piece.  Excellent book!
 I loved her story, so humble and honest and amazing. An inspiration to every little girl, every woman who ever wonders if they are good enough.  That it is possible to take your integrity with you along your journey in this life, no matter what you do!
 Loved this amazing book. A compelling story of family and their commitment to love, hard work and dignity. I would recommend to anyone.  I also wish Mrs. Obama’s mom would write a book !!
 There's no other word but to say this book is an absolute Great Read!<br/>Recommend it!
 I wasn't going to get this book but I'm so glad I did. It was right on time and an amazing book to read.
 Candid, insightful &amp; intelligent: First Lady ROCKS
 I know I’m not one of her friends though I wish I was. Her writing, her brilliance, her spirit are missed. For one brief moment we had Camelot again<br/>She is a national treasure and will be remembered not only alongside Eleanor Roosevelt, but also her husband, Barack<br/>Thank you for a wonderful glimpse into an American success - you— but also for a positive reminder of YES WE CAN too
 To become takes not only self esteem but people leaning in and caring and supporting. Mrs. Obama speaks from the heart and asks everyone to try,to support , to be strong , to be Willing to risk, to grow and be the best you can regardless of fears. Beautifully written
 Oh, my, do we miss Michelle. This book is well written and informative. It should inspire young women and show both men and women what greatness is all sbout. Bravo!
 Michelle Obama has evolved to be a wonderful, inspiring, positive role model.  We really need more people like her.  She has an amazing story to tell and I'm so glad I got to witness it.
 I am so thankful I read this book.  I now can understand the person behind as well as beside our 45th president.  I enjoyed the inside look at this beautiful hearted women.  She made me see we are all alike.  We all want the same thing for our children. I wish her and her family a safe beautiful life.
 I really enjoyed learning more about Michelle Obama.  She definitely had great insight into the whole bull shit of politics.  Wish she would run against Trump.  Good view of the limits out on first ladies.  She did a wonderful job with gsrden and health issues with our kids.  Great advocate for women
 Becoming Michelle Obama was a wonderfully inspiring journey into who Mrs. Obama is behind the glitz and glam.  She's as regular as the rest of us, which made her book extremely relatable.
 A great read: interesting, educational, uplifting. The facts, the feelings and the believable adventures of the family convey to the reader a sense of authenticity that is very refreshing. I recommended it to many of my friends.
 It was interesting to know more about Ms. Obama's background and early days in Chicago. She's written before about her campaign experiences and actually living in the White House, but it was all here in one place. The only thing I didn't like is that she errs, quite obviously an perhaps wisely, on the side of caution; it isn't possible for her not to have strong opinions on most subjects.
 All like ... nothing but like for this book ... worth the purchase!!!
 The White house garden, the arm twisting to get  policy changes, the example set for others have really made a difference in our collective eating habits and health.  Thank you, Michelle for all you have done.
 I totally enjoyed Becoming. I took my time reading it so that I could savor every moment. I'm glad I got the physical book this time as I normally just download books to my Kindle. I'll probably go back and read it again. Thanks Michelle for the great memoir.
 Wow!  A true class act!  And an inspiration to many...
 I am enjoying reading &amp; discovering the story of Michelle Obama.
 I love the writing style. She is so natural that I feel like I know her. She is an inspiration and i was surprised at her early home life and background. Not done but I can’t put it down
 The trajectory of Michelle's life from poor kid with parent's who cared more for their children than for "things" is a life lesson for all parents.  Well told and illuminating.  A must read!
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading Michelle's book.  I don't tend to read a lot of autobiographies but this was an excellent book.  Very heart felt and real.  What a lovely person and family.
 This book is inspiring and hopeful. Everyone should read it. It gives each person the feeling that their story is important. We can’t all end up as FLOTUS but we can strive for excellence in all we do.
 So well written. I don’t consider myself an Obama lover, but this was a fantastic book and I really related to Michelle in many of her stories.
 Becoming is VERY WELL written; there are times when you will just laugh and others when you want to reach for a tissue.  It is a great look into the life of a well accomplished Black female.
 This book was very insightful.  Thank you Michelle for bringing clarity to us about how we as women must stand together and speak up for other women.
 This was a beautifully written book that keeps you in awe through out the story telling.  Michelle is such an inspiration to many.  Wishing her and her family nothing but the best in life.
 It was a well written memoir that was easy to understand.  I enjoyed reading about Michelle Obama and her years as First Lady.  Reading about her life experiences before that added to my understanding of her priorities.
 Michelle Obama is perhaps the most influential First Lady I have seen in my lifetime.  Her book is a testament to what we as human beings can become if we put hate and prejudice aside and strive to become the best we can be in every situation.  This book is all about "becoming" for our whole lives.
 What a wonderful story, beautifully told. I couldn’t put it down. I love the idea that reaching our goals is not a destination but a constant forward motion as we continue to learn and grow.
 This journey was absolutely a magical work of art! I can usually make it through a great book in a day or so but  Becoming took me several weeks. Not because it was a 'hard' read but because I had to savor each morsel!<br/><br/>I'm so grateful that Michelle Obama shared so much of her essence with the world! This is a must-read and should become a part of your permanent library.<br/><br/>Here's to the evolutionary process of BECOMING!
 What else can we say is the 1st lady Michelle Obama is and also read I recommend it to everyone in fact I believe that it should be put into the schools as one of them curriculum reads
 Bought this book for a friend who said she'd wanted to get it. She read it all and said it was inspiring and that she was so glad she got to read it. Michelle Obama is an amazing inspiration.
 I'm enjoying reading the book very much. The language and descriptions are great.<br/>I accidentally downloaded the audible version. I had no intention of purchasing this product. They are refunding the Portuguese version, which I accidentally clicked on.  The problem is that there was no opportunity to edit the cart or remove items. I was simply charged. I will be extremely careful in the future. If I encounter this problem again, I will go elsewhere for my purchases.
 Honest, well written, does not try to hide anything, pull punches, esp. Difficult given the one who followed Obama. Recommend to everyone. Book brings in readers with desire to read on even though it is not a suspense.
 I had been awaiting this book for several months and it did not disappoint on any level.
 Through all trials and tribulations this family maintained their strength and dignity.  In so many ways they positively impacted the lives of Americans.
 I read the book because I admire Michelle Obama and I found her story very touching and straightforward. Christine Healy
 So well written, I was surprised that it was truly a great book with information I didn’t know. Interesting insights into a variety of topics that will be relevant to a wide audience.
 Excellent and extremely motivating read!!
 My favorite genre, living and experiencing life through another person's perspective.<br/>Michelle shares her life from childhood through her years in the White House in a very humble way.  She is intelligent, thoughtful and grounded.  She is caring, involved and proud of who she is.<br/>She, Barak, Malia and Sasha are an American family that has survived the spotlight and have given us a blueprint for leadership in our great country.
 I so enjoyed this intimate look into the life of my forever First Lady and how the first family came to be. Mrs. Obama was raw and unfiltered in a way that was so refreshing that I feel as if I know her. I recommend this book to anyone who has ever wanted more for themselves, who has ever felt invisible or who simply wonders how they can make a difference in the life of a child. I wish the book were longer! AMAZING.
 So loved the up close &amp; personal writing, I felt I was seeing everything in person. Getting to read about the behind the scenes events to things we have seen reported on the news was awesome. Written with dignity &amp; class, just like our First Lady, Michelle Obama.
 Thanks Michelle for taking me on your very interesting and honest journey.Becoming is a great read that can inspire young women. I am very proud of you and you make me proud to be a black woman.
 This is such a readable and inspirational book - great story told by a great story-teller.
 A compelling story of how a bright young girl from the South Side  worked hard, first in order to achieve and then to find her places to serve others. Would have been great story even if she had not made it to the White House as First Lady.
 I loved reading about her growing up years and meager circumstances with high ideals and extraordinary values.  I also respect her for her strong desire to help people whether young, old or black, white.
 it was a Christmas gift, and she loved it
 Can't put it down! Such an awesome read!!!!
 MICHELLE OBAMA'S BOOK 'BECOMING' IS THE BEST BOOK I'VE READ IN A LONG TIME.  I HAVE ALWAYS ADMIRED HER AND BARACK.  SHE IS ELLIGANT, PERSONABLE, CONSIDERATE, LOVING, CLASSY FIRST LADY AND STILL IS.  I ADMIRE THERE MARRIAGE AND HOW HONEST THEY ARE.  I HAVE RECOMMENDED HER BOOK TO MANY FRIENDS. GREAT JOB OF WRITING MICHELLE!!!  YOU GO GIRL!!!
 I haven’t yet read the book, but I’ve followed her on her tours for the book.  Michelle connects with people because she and Barack have made it this far because they are down to earth people.
 Amazing look at her life. I didn’t know too much about her before this and this was a very interesting and informative look into their lives. I fully enjoyed her perspective and personality.
 Perfect Christmas Gift For My Mom She Loved It!
 Very articulate, interesting, and enjoyable. Michelle Obama is a very classy, smart, and hard-working women. I don't usually read books like this and was surprised when I enjoyed it so much. I read it in two days.
 I think every young person, no matter what your race is should read this book. If my  grandparents were living.  They would have love to see history of black President. They would have love The Obama Family!! This book was AWESOME! EVERYONE SHOULD READ BECOMING!!!!
 Wonderful read. I love her more after reading her story
 Loved learning her story. She did a fantastic job of conveying the most Important experiences of her life that we could all relate to. Recommended reading for every woman to see that we have more in common regardless of our life circumstances.
 Wow, this book was very well written, uplifting, motivational, inspiring and very informative. Michelle told her story in an articulate and powerful biography. Highly recommend this book a must read.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book and learned a lot. What a find person. The Obamas are the exact opposite of the current holder of the white house. Such a shame how far we have fallen.
 Bought this on my kindle so I could read in large print. This is an important narrative. I loved you and your family. Wish I'd have had a friend like you. Thank you. Keep safe and enjoy life.
 I was so honored to read this incredible journey of Michelle Robinson Obama!  She is intelligent, classy, beautiful, strong, hard working, humble, loving and kind!<br/>She was an excellent First Lady!!  Her story is so inspiring.<br/>Thank you for all the work that you have done and are still doing on behalf of our children.
 As amazing and inspiring as the Obamas were, getting a glimpse at the life of the First Lady makes them even more relatable and inspiring. I truly miss having an intellectual family at the The White House. Reading her book brings back some of the hope that was lost since they left the White House. Her memoir is truly amazing, as we could have expected. None of the negative reviews are verified purchases, it’s just people being hateful. They haven’t learned, “they go low we go high!”
 Got this for my mother and she loves it
 Excellent book!! I highly recommend for all Americans and those from the Chicago area will especially appreciate.  Read this book!  Yes it is fillled with many thing you don’t know.
 Michelle Obama eloquently narrates her life story from striving for excellence out of south side Chicago to being catapulted into the public eye as first lady. Her commitment to public service and her ability to advocate for those that don't have a voice are beautifully intertwined in an autobiography which I couldn't put down! Her message, life lessons, and principles are ones we should all strive for: love, respect, and hard work!
 I wasn’t going to read this, I am not a democrat but still admired the dignity and grace on how Michelle handled herself throughout her time as the First Lady so I gave it a shot.  So glad I did.  I admire her even more now.  Learned a lot that I did not understand about living in the White House.  It was a very good and interesting book.
 Read with an open mind. To those that can't understand how, why it is that Black people talk about being Black is because race or your otherness is thrown in your face almost every day of our lives.
 This is a gem. Michelle is a great writer, a reporter, an historian, a great soul on planet earth. This is a reference book, a teaching tool to people from all works of life, a refreshing book. This is how I was dreaming to write my memoir, but I have it only written in my mind. Lol. Thumbs up Michelle!
 Here’s what an ordinary woman does on her extraordinary adventure. Becoming exemplifies the American dream. Every American should read this book to see what dignity looks like in public life.
 Michelle Obama did an incredible job on her book. I ordered it as a gift for my sister, but kept the audiobook for myself. It is very long, but held my attention and intrigue. She did not spend the majority of the book talking about Barrack or even the politics, but on herself and how she became Michelle Robinson Obama. 10/10 recommend for everyone - regardless of political ID.
 Easy read! Great storyline,very inspirational.
 What a great book. I expected nothing less from her to be honest. I love how you can feel her spirit in her words.<br/>I learned so much about her that I did not know. Great book!
 From the little details to the larger public events Michelle relates, I found this narrative of her life impossible to put down. Her humility and love shine through, as well as her strength and determination. Certain sections brought tears to my eyes and others caused me to laugh out loud. It is a wonderful book.
 I ordered more than one copy to give as Christmas gifts and so very happy I did.  Great read and was nice to learn about Michelle Obama before the White House.  She is truly an inspiration.  Hopefully someday I can get my copy autographed.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Made me appreciate the Obama family even more than I did before. Very informative and inspiring. Thank you for sharing your life and your family with the American people and the world.
 What an amazing story she has to tell and she tells it with such grace.  She is one amazing person who has given so much to her country as well as many many other people.  What an inspiration to all of us.
 Recently saw her in the Barclays Centering Brooklyn. Wonderful conversation with Sarah Jessica Parker. The book has more intimate look into her life from birth to Becoming...
 This book contains many words separated by spaces and punctuation. Ultimately, this results in sentences which compose paragraphs.<br/><br/>I bought this book for my wife; she enjoyed it.
 Well written and interesting story of a woman most Americans hold dear. And, a fascinating narrative of trying to keep sane and productive, while devoting quality time and energy to your family, amid the pressures of living in the White House.
 Excellent writing by a woman with so much digniy. Michelle Obama was,is, and will always be a strong role model for young women.
 This is an excellent book, well written and full of surprises!  It is great to see how one goes from just a normal human being to being the first lady of our country!  Great read!
 I've been in a depression about our country and its divisiveness.  Feeling hopeless about our future and how we can come back together.  Then this book arrived and I couldn't put it down for two days.  It reminded me that there are thoughtful, hardworking people who believe in inclusion and fight hard to better our discourse and promote our common humanity.  Thank you, Michelle for all you did as first lady and for being such a support to our best president.
 Michelle Obama's book is one that everyone should read. She is honest about her life before and after her husband's Presidency. The book is so well written. I enjoyed it so much.
 This is a treasure to be read by many for reasons that you don’t even know yet.  An astonishing, thoughtful, intelligent account of the experience of an extraordinary woman - a First Lady - at an amazing time in our history.  She stands on many shoulders and now many more can stand on hers.
 What a wonderful book!  Michelle Obama is honest and real, giving us a view of what life is like inside the white house.<br/><br/>Lots of encouraging words for girls, women, minorities--just about everyone.
 Really interesting read regardless of political affiliation
 Becoming was an excellent book for me to read, Michelle took me thorough her whole life like I was there with her every step of the way. I truly believe that when you are born your life has preach been destin for us and God set the path from the beginning. I wish I had the opportunity to visit the White house the first family was there but time wasn't my friend. I will always hold the Obama's in my heart forever and the will always be my first family, love you all!!!
 Every American should read this book. The story of Michelle Obama's life is very inspiring. It also helped to remind me of the many accomplishments of the Obama administration.
 I laughed and cried through out this entire book.  Michelle was really able to Express the joy and the pain she was feeling in each circumstance.  I cried over the tragic losses and rejoiced over the births. I could not wait to find out what would happen next, even when I already knew!
 One of my favourite books. Poetic
 I loved this book. The story is personal and very well written. An unique journey filled with ambition, intelligence, race issues, struggles of all kinds and, above all, family and love.
 The book arrived in poor condition. Ripped cover, all corners bent, some stained and ripped pages inside. Normally not a big deal, but was planning to give this to my Mother who is really meticulous for Christmas, and now I'm out 30 bucks and I still have to go to a brick and mortar bookstore.<br/><br/>That said, the book itself was a great read, and I really enjoyed it
 I did not expect anything less from Michelle Obama, but it made me love her even more.  Myself and 200 million others miss you and Barack so much in the White House. However, I'm happy for you both to move on and I look forward to your future contributions to our world.  All the best to you.
 I loved this glimpse into what makes Michelle Obama tick. She shared the good and the bad and, despite radically different (and, in my words, ugly) leadership in the White House today, provided a way to look beyond. I have hope in the young people of our country, particularly young women of color. I believe that people who read this book will also become more hopeful. I truly admire its author! Thank you, Mrs. Obama!
 This is written with a warm heart and by a very special first lady. We should all be thankful that Michelle and Barack served our country with such a wonderful spirit.<br/><br/>Wonderful read
 Wonderfully  literate, informative  and inspiring  autobiography. It is a treat  it is so enjoyable that you’ll be sorry when it ends.  I  read my copy,  and then purchased another as a gift to my teenage niece
 Michelle Obama story well appreciated
 I am Nana to an incredible child who is black, I am a white Jewish women. As close as my grandchild and I are never did any book make me AWARE of things my grandchild might be feeling. Thank you for opening my eyes and making me a better Nana.
 Inspiring just when I needed it.
 I love this fantastic biography by Mrs. Obama. This thoughtful well-written book made me feel much closer to her and her line of thinking. It's a great read and worth the money.
 What have not been said about this book. It was a great read at a great price.
 There are many people in our beloved country who identify with being from "no special place or time"...however, see themselves in your resolve.  Your gift to the reader is simply a journey of reflection, a mirror, a ripple in the stream, a cruise through many rivers. How fortunate we are to know you as our genuine and thoughtful First Lady, and now as our friend from our street back home, our classmate in school, our own self.<br/><br/>Thank you for this memory.
 What a beautiful depiction of an amazing woman’s life. She is a true inspiration for me and for how I want to live my life. Thank you Michelle Obama for representing what this country should be and for showing woman everywhere what we can strive to be and have the ability to be. Beautifully written and a must read.
 Michelle Obama 's book. Was great! It really opens your eyes as to what her life has been like and what goes on behind the scenes in the White House. Very interesting and encouraging.
 Love everything about it. Love our former First Lady. I honestly bought it because I like her. To my delight, I found it very enjoyable to read. A great well written story that truly gives an insight into their family and their very real lives. A first family in my book forever.
 Inspiring. Thank you, Michelle Obama. This is a book I needed to read right now.  Let us all keep working for a better world
 I had the great privilege of meeting and working for Barack when l lived in Nevada. I never met Michelle but her background is so reminiscent of mine that her story was wonderful. Read this book!
 I felt like she was having a conversation with a friend. It felt honest. I learned a lot about what a family gives up and gets when a partner is a candidate and is elected to the presidency. I have always been impressed by Michelle Obama, but admire her even more after reading Becoming.
 My Mother in Law absolutely loves it!
 I loved the wisdom that was shared about looking back at earlier selves.  I am in awe at the creativity of the programs that were created and how enriching they were for so many people.
 I purchased this book for my grandmother as a birthday gift. She is also apart of a book club that plans to read this book in the near future. No complaints, she loved her gift!
 At 62 years of age I find myself still questioning where I belong.  Michelle Obama puts into words my thoughts and I am sure the thoughts of many other women.  Yes, we can find our way through life and belong where we want to belong.
 I loved it!  Michelle is a wonderful woman.
 Cover was put on upside down, and backwards. Can't use as a gift!😜
 ...what else needs to be said?
 There's nothing like a rainy day with a good book &amp; cup of tea. I bought this book to learn more about this awesome woman and former First Lady of the U.S. Never in my lifetime did I think we would have a Black president and beautiful family.
 Good book. Quick read.<br/>A few surprises.
 I am totally taken by our elegant former First Lady.  It is thrilling to hear her tell her life story in her own words.  She is so smart, so clever, so classy, while remaining VERY real.  Caused me to miss the Obamas even more than before.
 Great Autobiography by a great First Lady!
 This remarkable story is an inspiration and a rebuke to me for having failed to fully appreciate the power for good demonstrated by the Obamas. I thank them all for their service.
 This is a delightful, inspiring book. Michelle encourages everyone to reach for all that is possible In themselves, always believing the best can happen. Thank you, Michelle!
 I could barely put this book down.  Michelle (so warm and welcoming you have to call her first name) "Becoming" is a great read written by a wonderful intelligent insightful woman.
 So great to hear her story. I knew she went to law school @ Harvard &amp; all but was so impressed with her other pre-FLOTUS roles.<br/><br/>Some very funny quips<br/><br/>Best FLOTUS ever
 I really enjoyed this book. The grace, determination and acceptance exuded by Michelle Obama throughout her life is fully supported in this book and it’s so reassuring to think/hope that someday soon there could be someone back in the White House with this level of integrity.
 Yes yes yes, I love the Book 📖
 The entire book was awesome.  To walk in Mrs. Obama's shoes from the Southside of Chicago to the White House was inspiring.  The entire book resonated with me and I can't stop talking about Mrs. Obama.  She wrote the book in a way that made me feel like I was listening to my girlfriend talk about her family and life.
 Down to earth writing, easy to read- so nice to read about a real honest person, her family and her life lessons. Makes one long for the good old days of the Obama administration, when honest, upstanding, patriots represented our country.
 I normally do not read biographies, but this one is amazing. It is a must read you will not regret it.
 Great book! Well written..... U wont be disappointed!
 I would have paid more for this book.
 Very well written and with all the honesty and integrity we all became so accustomed to from out First Family, the Obama's!
 I could feel the authenticity and honesty. She inspired me to continue on a path of becoming. It was so tastefully and elegantly written because it felt like an inside look without getting too intimate...<br/>I bought my mom and sister a copy. I want my nieces to read this book too.
 I just love Mrs. Obama!She is a great role model for women.  I am halfway thru the book. It's hard to put down!. Please buy her book. It's wonderfully written. Funny we didn't really know her life when she was at the White House. But now I do and I love her and respect her even more!
 This book is a more than a good read, it is truly inspirational. After I finished, I had my 16 year old daughter read it. This is a book worth having in your home.
 Just ordinary passages that lead you through one woman's phenominal self-made journey. Loved every minute. Fun to look up videos of the events she describes
 Book is beautiful, hardback with lots of color pictures in middle of book! I received it today, but it was sloppily boxed loose in a large box with another item! Front page of book was crumpled! Ugh!!!
 EXCELLENT read! Looking forward to gifting for the holidays!
 This book is a must read and it gives insight into this beautiful woman’s life.
 Excellent book by Michelle Obama.  Gives you a in depth view into her life as a child, teenager and young adult.  Very touching and engaging.  Highly recommend this book.
 Michelle Obama is one terrific writer. She leads you through laughter and tears  and makes you feel really good about being an American. Terrific book. Terrific life. . Terrific person.
 An excellent eye opening biography about running for president,  and living in the white house as a family and head of this Nation, through the eyes of Michelle Obama...
 lovely book from a lovely woman, came on time
 I felt like Michelle was speaking directly to me.  She made me feel as if we are friends and I could sit and talk with her about anything. I would recommend this book to everyone regardless of their politics. All females should read.
 I really didn’t know much about Ms. Obama. Wow, she can really  write. Her story is inspirational. I’ll never forget how graciously the Obamas presented themselves on behalf of our nation.
 This book strikes a cord in all working women trying to make a difference in this world and maintaining a family at home.  Whether First Lady or career woman all have same concerns.
 Great insights into how MO is as daughter, mother, wife and first lady. I appreciated her even more since she dealt with so much in situations that felt like a lose-lose but she made the best of it. I love getting to know her through this book, and her mom sounds like the type of mother I'd wanna be.  The chapters around campaigning and WH life felt a bit long, but I'm glad it picked up again at the end.  This wasn't life changing for me, but it was inspiring and entertaining.
 Well worth the read and there's a very good reason it's been #1 on the Best Sellers list for months. Ignore the haters and their racist posts. And this is coming from a 60+ white guy.
 No matter your political background, you should read this book.  It is so inspiring and gives so much insight into a woman who came from humble beginnings and rose to become our inspiring first lady.  Such an intelligent and inspiring woman.
 This book is a keeper.  I took notes as I read and that's unusual for me.  Michelle is "good enough" -- a question that bothers her to this day.  She's an inspiration.  Her honesty is refreshing.  I can't say enough  positive things about this book or its author.
 I liked the writing.  Michelle was candid and personable.  It felt more like talking to her.  Great read.
 To talk about ones journey - to lay bare the highs and the lows - to not gloss over the stumbles and finally, to admit that it is still not the end. I think every reader regardless of gender, race or ethnicity, can relate to some aspect of her life and think, we can make it too. What an inspiration!
 This book was given as a Christmas Gift
 I would recommend this book to anyone curious about Mrs. Obama's life.  I could hear her speaking with each word I read.  I didn't think I could admire her any more but my heart swells with pride that she was our first lady
 I felt like Michelle opened her heart and let us all in. What a journey she takes us on!  I've always been a fan of the Obamas, now I am a Superfan of Michelle Obama!!  This book is her life so far... But it is also an inspiration for so many people to follow in her footsteps...not necessarily as FLOTUS...but as a successful human being.
 Awesome book very pleased with this product
 Revealing. Well written.
 A must read for all American women and for the men strong enough to hear the truth. History will celebrate the icons that are the Obamas.
 I am enjoying reading this book.  Michelle's back ground and experiences very easy to relate to.  Her writing is easy to follow and understand.  I can't wait to finish it.  I am reading non stop.
 Couldn't put it down. Wonderful insight into the Obama family and presidency. Recommend this book to anyone  who is interested in what goes into the making of a President of the USA
 Honest, heart-felt, &amp; genuine. Exactly what I expected this book to be and more!
 Who am I and what do I need to do?<br/>I am rethinking my comfortable retirement and considering ways to make a difference.<br/>Where is the bottom? Perhaps it is up to me to assure that we don’t find it.
 This was one of my favorite reads lately.  Easy to read, and written so it seemed you are talking to a close friend.  I have great admiration for Mrs. Obama, she raised 2 great kids in the  White House, all while she was running programs, supporting causes, and helping her husband.  I wish her a great "retirement", it is well deserved!!
 Details of Michelle’s Chicago childhood were interesting as was the journey from the south side of Chicago to the White House.  At times the book seemed a bit repetitive.
 I found her life fascinating. She is a woman of principles and intellect. It was interesting how her background helped to form her values. Very smoothly written as well.
 I am a fan and the book just confirmed it for me.  She came from a solid family that put everything they had into their kids and look at what that dedication brought!
 I'm  absolutely awed by her life story, accomplishments, pain, work and selflessness. I hope that many young people are motivated and emboldened by her life and words.
 I hesitated at first as to whether or not to read this book, but upon completion i am grateful that i made the right choice.  Very well written and deals with a lot of behind the scenes of a Presidency.  Loved the book!!!
 This is a tour de force. A spellbinding read that highlights a remarkable journey. Thank you for telling your story Mrs. Obama!
 Loved Michelle Obama  view of the before and during Barack Obama's presidency.
 I absolutely love this book. I love the writing and Michelle's candor. I can relate on so many levels, family, marriage, school, self-doubt, etc. This book is everything!!! If you are a late bloomer and still on the fence wondering if you should make this purchase, I say yes, yes and yes. Just get it. You won't regret it. I love her and the family even more after reading this book. So inspiring!
 Pure and raw. So good that I also purchased the audiobook.
 A very down-to-earth, "real" read.  I could hear Michelle's voice as I read her words.  It is powerful to hear where she comes from and to learn more of the behind-the-scenes parts of the Obama campaigns and time in the White House.  Very powerful messages throughout.
 Good book.  Worth the read
 “Becoming” takes you places! From the south side of Chicago to Princeton, Harvard, back to Chicago and to ultimately, the White House. Lessons learned and experiences along the way are honest, forthright and vicariously experienced by the reader. Decency, ambition and honesty keep you invested. You will be educated, humbled, but mostly, inspired to see our Country through the author’s experience. Great read that will stay with you long after reading!
 This autobiography of Michelle Obama covering the time from her early childhood to her final days as First Lady gives the reader a comprehensive picture of a woman who may very well be the most competent and caring first spouse to ever have occupied that role.
 Very good, candid book.
 Excellent. I urge everyone to read it regarding your political leanings. I believe it will give you a new perspective and understanding of political life. Michelle is extremely bright and insightful.  Such a wonderful family to have represented us for eight years.
 A rare glimpse into the unexpected twists and turns of a life and a great example of how choices can yield unanticipated results and the willingness to let go of a small dream can lead to a huge experience beyond what could have been imagined!
 From the first turning of the page I had a hard time putting it down. Michelle`s story is uplifting and hopeful for a brighter future.  At times it also brought tears to my heart.  Love her writing style
 I loved reading about Mrs. Obama life experiences. She is a role model for alto emulate. Thank you Mrs. Obama!
 An honest and straightforward autobiographical account of Michelle Obama’s life and times. It’s a wonderful counter to the hostile and aggressive world view of the current POTUS.<br/><br/>Optimistic and pragmatic - great read!
 I just read an inspirational novel and am overwhelmed at the positive message and hope that this book has delivered. What a great American story. The author managed to make a connection with any and all fortunate enough to read this. Thank you Michelle Obama for sharing yourself once again. This would make a wonderful movie!
 I gave these for holiday gifts to my friends after reading it. All women have a story, Michelle's just remi ends us She is human with struggles, triumphs, and doubts. She tells her story as I hope to one day!
 I absolutely love her openness and honesty in this book.
 Proud of you Mrs. Obama.
 As a writer and reader of memoir and autobiography, I thoroughly enjoyed this book for its insight and detail about life on the inside of growing up and then finding oneself in the midst of a public life. The writing style pulled me in immediately, and held my attention. Definitely worth the effort to read the whole thing -- it's a long book, but you won't realize it once you start reading. Some day, I hope she'll write a sequel.
 Very well written... I was there with her.... from her past to the present...and I felt all of her.... becoming the wonderful, intelligent,giving, passionate and blessed daughter, woman, mother and wife she is today. I am so honored to have witnessed this significant part of history.  The details of her journey.... will help what becomes of mine.
 Honest, compassionate, driven, insightful, smart, and inspirational.....Michelle Obama writes as she is.  We have been so fortunate to have her as FLOTUS; for her to lift us, express our sadness and pull us forward to action on behalf of all.  May her spirit and example continue to show what is possible and who we all can be.  Well written with humor and reality holding hands.
 I bought this for my Mom for Christmas, who is a big fan of Mrs. Obama.  The book that I purchased was in large print, enabling Mom to read it easily.  She absolutely loved it.
 Powerful read! Michelle Obama takes you into her life and guides you beautifully through her childhood through adulthood. She weaves wisdom, love, and realness into every story told in this book.
 The book was written in a down to earth manner and held my interest from start to finish
 Haven't read it yet but seen an interview with Michelle Obama and Robin Robert's and it peaked my interest to read hehe book.
 Michelle Obama’s story is so truthful and raw. The way she shares her time as First Lady through her own eyes is a treat, as it is rare that we get to see past the President and into what his family endures. I am grateful for her sharing and would love nothing more than to have Michelle over for dinner. This is one of the most well-written books I have ever had the pleasure of reading.
 Beautifully written, graceful and honest.  Would highly recommend.
 Gifted to daughter, she loved it!
 I bought this book as a birthday gift for my 20 year old sister, so she can empower herself. I am going to buy this book for myself as well, because how can you not love Michelle Obama? There is something wrong with you if you don’t, seriously.
 Wise, eloquent, humble, and insightful. You need to take the time to read this book. Then you need to take the time to reflect on this book.  Then, maybe read it one more time.
 Must-buy! She is so transparent and personable in this book. It is easy to read, and anyone would enjoy her perspective on life, family, dreaming, prosperity, parenthood, marriage, and more.
 I enjoyed every page of this book. Michelle Obama has a great story to tell and she tells it beautifully. She is the personification of intelligence, caring, and class.
 What an honor having this great lady as our First Lady for 8 years.  She is the very definition of a great American success story, something we all can aspire to.
 I enjoyed the book,I used my audible the most with this book,her life experiences mirrored mine,I found her to be so honest and open,I felt like she is my sister.
 Sorry, but I assumed that the book was not delivered on Sunday because I kept checking my front door and nothing was there.  It was placed in my mailbox which I didn't realize.  So happy to have this wonderful book by such an amazing woman.
 This book is about the life of Michelle Obama; from early childhood to being the First Lady of the United States. I thought it was well written and I would recommend it for everyone.
 After reading her book, I love Michelle Obama more than ever.
 Amazing read.  Top seller and enjoyable to read.  It was a fast read for me and could not put it down.  Michelle’s life childhood to after the White House.  Becoming the person she is!
 The book make for great Christmas gifts!
 Good read for those who enjoy inspirational stories.  Share with your daughters.
 The style is such to make you imagine her experiences are our experiences. That you feel and think the same way.  She is amazing.  Will reread over and over.  Waiting for her next book.
 I love this book “Becoming” written by First Lady Michelle Obama. It is well written, insightful, and honest from her perspective and experiences during her years in the White House. Absolutely love “Becoming” and I would recommend it to everyone.
 I loved that I could read on my Kindle and listen on Audible and how well they switched from one to the other. I really enjoyed the book, although towards the end, it seemed to get bogged down in excess detail. I liked reading about the life of this woman whom I so admire.
 I can't' get any work done because I can't put it down!!  Everybody should read this not only for the history through which most of us have lived but for the humanity of it.  It could change people's lives.
 I purchased these books as a gift to college girls I mentor. I wanted them to read the journey of such an influential and successful woman and be inspired.
 I now understand many things about a first family<br/>Living in the people's house. Most of all this book helped me to reflect on how working for the better can make a difference that is long lasting..
 Becoming is a must read for all Americans. We have been privileged to have President Obama , Michelle and their lovely daughters reside in our White House for 8 years. The pity is that the new family residents are destroying all that the Obamas have accomplished.
 Compelling and thoughtful read. I throughly enjoyed this book more so than I originally asessed.
 Engaging reading.
 Such a good read.
 Terrific book! Insightful, inspiring and informative. Definitely something to encourage any person battling esteem or self-belief issues or having an identity crisis.
 Michelle paints an interesting, warm, genuine, honest picture of her life so far. I have always been a fan of the whole family and I see after reading this book that I was right.
 It is a gracious read, artfully expressive and reminds one to be  careful not just of what you say, but how you say it as well as wait until the time is right to tell your truth-especially of your pain and disgust and hurt.
 Michelle Obama is more unfiltered here than she had the luxury of being as First Lady, and that is a real gift. It’s such a lovely insight into her family/upbringing, her drive, her relationship with her husband, and what it is like to live in the spotlight as the spouse of the most powerful person on earth while also being an equally competent and powerful individual in her own world. This is a must read!
 One of the best books I've ever read. It is strong, honest and powerful. A very important perspective on our country and our government. Everyone should read it.
 Excellent story of our former First Lady’s life, including important moments that shaped her views and allowed her to become who she was and will continue to become as a private citizen. I would recommend this book to everyone who would like to see our nation and world become a better place for future generations.
 Down to earth, written by someone who knows about life and knows what it is to experience good and bad . Someone who is real and I feel very honest about herself and what she has achieved.  Doesn't hesitate to compliment others who have walked her path with her.
 Love love love!!!
 This is a refreshingly non-political autobiography of a First Lady who found herself pulled into the political sphere by her husband's political aspirations.  The book is humorous, sad, poignant and inspiring.
 When I saw Michelle Obama was reading her book I chose the CD's over the printed book to hear her voice and am so happy I did.  Her intelligence, humor, and personality came through and made me feel like she was reading to me.  I love this book.
 I loved this book so much.  Getting to know Michelle and the courage and heart this lady has was amazing.  I'm suggesting this book to read for book club next month!
 Ideal gift for the avid reader in the family.
 Never knew how annoying large type face was when you didn't need it till I ordered this. Pay attention so you don't order the large type. The book, the story, is fabulous.
 I loved her honesty. She is someone I would like to know.
 I enjoyed the book. This book provided insight to our first black family life journey. Michelle provided relatable experiences that black American encounters.
 I love Michelle Obamas candor, authenticity, and transparency in her book. Her life lessons are deeply profound and relatable. Everyone should read this book!
 Loved the book, highly recommend
 Thank you Mrs. Obama for continuing to inspire all of us.  This book brought to the forefront every imaginable emotion.  It gave me hope and a belief that "good and decency" will ultimately triumph during this turbulent time  in our nation's history .  This book provides a wonderful synopsis of past, and present history.  It also offers promise and hope for an extraordinary future as we continue to embrace diversity, the strengths, and uniqueness of each other.
 Excellent read. I’ve always admired MO but really feel that I now know how authentic she is.
 Not just a biography of a Chicago black woman but a biography of a woman who always strove to do more - we can all learn from this.<br/>Loved the story and her early years- her drive to only do the best. The part about her White House year’s drug a bit., still a fascinating read by a fascinating woman. I hope my Becoming is that graceful.
 Michelle Obama writes in a very personal way. When you read this book you feel as if she is talking to you across the table as a friend might tell her story.
 This is a must read.
 I enjoyed this book from the very beginning and it is an excellent book from the beginning to the end. Very down to earth as well as inspiring. Thank you Michelle for writing this book. Everyone can benefit from reading it.
 Reading this book only encouraged my deep respect for the Obama family. She touched on so many aspects of her life  growing up in a loving but poor family  to her achievements in school  And then her college years Then political years.  She is a wonderful dignified caring woman and loved her story. Becoming !!!!!
 Very good read.
 Becoming is one of the Best Books I’ve read.  For someone of color who grew up on the south side of Chicago and accomplished what she has in life is amazing.  Granted she had wonderful parents and brother and learned so much from them but she still made so much of her life and helped so many people and is still doing it in our world.  Thank you Obama’s.
 Such an eye opening  perspective on the human toll of life as a woman, a person of color and politics have on individual lives. So proud that a woman with power is trying to put that obese child of a genie back in the bottle. The genre's a little slimmer thanks to you Michelle.
 I’ve read all of Barack’s books and loved them. Now Michelle fills in the relationship areas as well as her own life as it evolved. Looking forward to more!
 A great read, uplifting and enlightening. Definitely recommend reading this book. So interesting to learn more about each of them and their early ambjtions.
 Michelle Obama is AMAZING!!! So grateful for this book. Mrs. Obama is one of the most inspiring women living today! Thank you to her for sharing her story!!!
 Great read....
 Michelle Obama has shared her story with all of us and it's a<br/>Detailed account of life inside first her private world and what becomes her public world.
 It was difficult to put this book down. I also didn’t want it to end.<br/>Michelle Obama is exactly the role model every American can be so proud of. We are blessed as a nation to have had such an intelligent, kind and accomplished woman representing us.<br/>Have been Recommending this book to everyone.
 Michelle Obama is not only one of the best and inspiring First Ladies we have ever had,but has proven to be a great author as well.  I felt like I was beside her every step of the way!  She draws the reader into her journey, and I began to feel as if I was one of her best friends!<br/>With all the doom &amp; gloom we have had these past two years, with Donald Trump at the helm, I have hope in our future!  Thank you, Michelle
 Great read...wonderful woman.
 The way she tells her story is simply elegant and sophisticated. I’m loving all her details and thoroughly impressed by her writing such an effortless read.
 I would highly recommend this book to anyone, regardless of status.  Well written and thought out, I plan to reread it many times over. A great addition to anyone's library.
 Reading her book gave such insight into how she became the person I admire so much.  And it makes me miss her and her family so much, every day since Jan 20, 2018!
 This book is full of hope despite the serious problems we face as a nation. Michelle Obama shares an intimate view into the lives of those who continue to be marginalized in our country and the role education plays in leveling the playing field. An important book for all women of all ages and race.
 Awesome book!
 A wonderful behind the scenes look into being a president in modern times. This book makes you feel close to Michelle and will only make you love and respect her more.
 Michelle Obama has allowed us to step inside her world. During the reading I felt like I was in her shoes moving right along with her. Her life story is very inspiring. Every moment was shared passionately and clear. Many of her struggles are my own and I appreciate that she was able to explain her feelings without dimming the light of her accomplishments. I am glad that I purchased this book. I am going to share it with everyone I know.
 This book was a great read. So informative.  I enjoyed following Michelle's life from a little girl through the White House Years.  Her family was just a normal family with parents that allowed the kids to follow their dreams and make their own mistakes.Yet they were there guiding them in case they strayed too far. They were not wealthy or privileged in any way.  Michelle and her brother achieved their success and fame through hard work.
 Book had no point at all and full of lies. Save your money.
 I could not put this book down.  I love that she was so honest.  It felt like I could hear her voice as I was reading it.  Great life lessons in this book.
 Michele Obama is an extraordinary woman with ordinary roots.  This book was like spending time a close friend.  It was insightful of the eight years she spent in the White House.
 Although her early life was interesting, my favorite part was life in the White House. This book is easy to read with lots of detail. I found it inspiring.
 An honest and incredible book. In Becoming, Michelle Obama creates a vivid story of her childhood and beyond, creating an interesting and moving story of her and her husbands journey to the white house. An easy read which captivates its audience. After reading this novel, I have a new admiration for our amazing first lady!
 Great book. Can’t put it down
 Thank you  Mrs Obama for sharing your truth.  You story is an inspiration to everyone and gave hope through your eyes of a strong America, a loving America.<br/>Thanks to you and your family for your service.
 This is a phenomenal read, written by a phenomenal woman.  This is a woman who did not let her humble beginnings, and her financial disadvantages dictate her self worth. Bravo!
 She has made us proud.  She was very honest and told us what she had to go through  to survive.  Michelle deserved much credit for standing by<br/>Her dear husband !  THank God  President Obama was and still is a<br/>Brilliant man who got our t Country through  the mess the former<br/>President left us.  I highly recommend
 She is so honest and forthcoming that I felt like she was a good, close friend.  Also, her commitment to giving dignity and voice to those our society undervalues is immense.  An honorable woman.
 Smart, whitty, graceful, and a refreshing truth telling read in 2019. Only wish the book came with tickets to see this intelligent woman speak in person- listen to her for days.
 Amazing book!
 OMG I absolutely love this book!!  It's an easy read and an awesome love story.  Michelle thanks for sharing your life with the world.  I appreciate you!!
 Worth every penny. Every young black woman should read this as we sometimes believe we can't achieve anything greater. But we must realise that we are limitless
 Enjoyable look into Michele Obama's background. She is an example to all of us, as a daughter, wife, and mother. I especially loved her parents' practical child-rearing style. Highly recommend to fans of biographies.
 I love First Lady Michelle story about her childhood and experiences in the White House being a black lady. She’s extrodinary because she’s transparent with who she is and she holds herself accountable for her choices. And I love the motto when they go low we go HIGH!!! Amazon gave me a great price for this book but now the price has gone up. I was going to gift a friend with this book but it I would like to have the same price!
 I listened to this on audible and enjoyed every moment, narrated by Michelle herself! Informative, uplifting, and included a sweet love story.
 Bought as a gift and my mother loved it!
 I love it.
 Well written,  worth reading...
 My wife loves the book.
 Loved reading the history of Michelle Obama life, from growing up in Chicago to her life in the White House.  She is a wonderful human being and a great example of a First Lady.
 Intelligent, educated, open-minded, compassionate. This book shows that (no matter what economic background you are coming from), supportive family, a stable environment and education is the key for a bright(er) future.
 Excellent read
 This was an excellent book of a first lady’s transition from the Southside of Chicago to the White House. What a great read for All women, all women who makeup this country of ours, no matter what color, creed, religion or political affiliation.
 Loved Michelle Obama's book, Becoming. I was engrossed from the beginning to the end. Her story is so relatable in the early days. After meeting Barack, I had a chance to envision everything through the her eyes---I felt the emotion. Great book.
 I have the hardcover &amp; the audible. Mrs. Obama’s narrative of her book Becoming is a soothing &amp; optimistic respite in these turbulent moments. Highly recommended!!
 Inspiring story
 I have recommended this book to a lot of people.  It really opens your eyes to who the Obama's really were and where they came from.  Oh I miss them so.
 Absolutely mesmerizing! Written in such a way that the reader feels, smells, and hears in Michelle Obama's voice! Captivating! Can't put down!  A must read!
 An absolutely amazing book that millions of people can benefit from. I will also purchase the audio version of the book. Congratulations to Mrs. Michelle Obama for a most magnificent book.
 Good read
 This is one of the best books I have ever read! It’s so encouraging  to hear about the life of a First Lady, her differences and sameness of all women.
 I rarely like to read memoirs type of books, but this one is beautiful. Michelle set the bar very high for a first lady and reinvented her role. I loved the book and I’d read it again just to remember how inspirational she and her role as a girlfriend, wife, mom, and first lady was.
 I’ve always been in awe of Michelle Obama and her style of communication. Despite not being interested in politics, I adored this book and the beautiful parallel she draws of the political events during her lifetime.
 I felt I had Michelle Obama speaking to me in my !living room. She tells her story so candidly, honestly and so heart felt. As depressed as I feel with the state of our country, Michelle give me hope that there are many just and peaceful people out in the world.
 Excellent book
 A thoughtful, open telling of the life and events which brought, in my opinion, the most gracious First Lady to our country. I’m so grateful to have the insight written here and especially for the optimism as we deal with current circumstances.
 Inspirational story of Michelle Obama who truly is representative of so many American women hoping to be their best selves while providing the gift of love and unconditional support to those who rely upon them.
 Michelle Obama has written a very sincere, heart felt, honest and open book about her life and experiences as this country's First Lady.  Becoming should be read by all. It gives us hope that things are within our power to change ourselves and our community and country for the better.<br/><br/>Thanks.
 Very inspirational and allowed me to connect with my forever First Lady of the United States. As well as the possibility of knowing there are more opportunities despite the obstacles and systematic structures in our society that prevents the mobility as well as equal opportunities!
 A great biography of a wonderful First Lady who came from South Chicago. She tells all in a relatable way for two to three generations. Very readable.
 Becoming was a book that I was not sure whether or not I was going to enjoy.  But from the very first chapter, it was well written.  She was able to put her emotions into the book along with what was happening to her.  She must have an excellent memory to remember all the things that happened to her, even if she did keep some kind of diary.i especially liked how she put her husband into human form, rather that just “Mr President”,
 Michelle Obama writes clearly and evocatively. The book kept me engaged. She talks about very personal topics as if I'm a friend who's come by for a heart to heart.
 It was a gift for my daughter who is 14 and she loves it. Thank you Michelle for sharing your personal stories.
 So glad I purchased. What a wonderful human
 Mrs Obama writes like she is sitting across from me in my living room. I gained a look into her and her husband’s childhood and life experiences that shaped them into the kind of people they are. I also found her discription of the behind the scenes life in the White House fascinating. Interesting and compelling read
 What an inspirational read! Michelle Obama brought you into her world and made you feel like you were right beside her. I would recommend this book to everyone! It brought laughter and tears and I dry my eyes as I head to my book club to share and discuss this great book.
 I swear I could hear Michelle's voice throughout and what a powerful journey for her and her family. I sincerely miss Our First Family, we could look up to and trust, that they endured what they did, for the greater good, in spite of what it cost them personally. Thank you for your service.
 Well written, gives context to everything we think we know,  hope for our country,  and more humanity (if that's possible) to my two of my favorite public people.
 Excellent book.
 I thought I knew the Obama story, but Becoming gives so much more insight into both Michelle and Barack and makes me appreciate and respect them even more.  Well written and very interesting!
 Michelle when I was reading this was just like me. Now I am almost old enough to be her mom but I could still identify with her in her school years. Then she passed me up.
 My favorite book
 I liked the fact that Michelle Obama came across as being down to earth and a genuine person who just happened to fall in love with a "hot shot" lawyer!
 Awesome read! Michelle is such as inspiration. I highly recommend this book to others.
 Wish I could give it more stars. This woman is a class act and what am first woman should be. She’s intelligent and eloquent and wrote an amazing book, which I naturally preordered. Highly recommend reading this!
 I appreciate that Michelle Obama wrote this book to give insight and to inspire women across all lines to use their full potential and to believe and trust themselves.
 Michelle Obama is an extraordinary woman, and this is an extraordinary book. I am in awe of her brilliance, strength, humor, courage, grace and beauty—all of which shines  through in the pages of Becoming. Thank you, Mrs. Obama, for being an inspiration to so many of us. You will always be our First Lady.
 You feel like she is in your home having coffee and telling you about her life.
 Michelle Obama's honestly and beautifully written memoir serves as a positive model for all to emulate. Thank you for sharing your journey with us.
 Michelle Obama’s voice is open and authentic as she gives us a glimpse into her amazing journey. I couldn’t put the book down.  Highly recommended!
 I just began reading Michelle's "Becoming" and love what I'm reading.  Michelle is delightful and a very insightful, wise lady.  Michell has risen!
 An in-depth reflection of life inside the campaigns and 8 years of the presidency of the first African-American president by his wife and the mothr  A
 As a woman in the country and of the same generation as Michelle Obama I could relate to many moments in her stories and antidotes. The depth of feelings and rememberng many recent historical events brought tears to my eyes on many occasions.  Her work for minorities and women is outstanding, beyond the political, and shows who she truly is as a person. Outstanding memoir!
 Michelle Obama reminds us that authentic, hard work and persistence, combined with genuine caring for other humans can transcend any barrier. She is an amazingly generous, resourceful and effective woman. Every girl should read this book written by this radiant, powerful woman.
 This is a must read for woman and everyone else. It’s honest and engaging. It gives hope that anything is possible if you surround yourself with people who are supportive and encouraging. Always listen to your heart and do work that you are passionate about.
 While Michelle Obama was a well-known presence throughout her WH years and was so personable during the various interviews she held over the 8 years, her book about her childhood, college years, working as a lawyer for a large firm and for the non-profit sector, as well as her experience as a wife, mother and the FLOTUS is as moving as it is illuminating.  A must-read for anyone interested in her story and history.
 I did not read the kindle book as I had asked for it to be removed from my Kindle. I had thought it was a hard back copy I wanted to buy for a friend.
 Michelle Obama is a wonderful role model for everyone not just young girls.  I am sure she will continue to inspire all of us to pass it forward and uplift those that we encounter.
 What a beautiful and well-told autobiography.  Listening to this feels like she is talking to me in my living room.  Love the realness and genuineness with which she writes.
 Like
 Great book, would purchase for a friend.  Brought me closer to who she is and how she is a regular person, striving for the for her and her family.
 A beautiful, honest and open book about the challenges and lessons of becoming the United States first black family.
 I have long admired Michelle Obama but after reading this, that admiration has grown immensely. She makes me want to be a better American, a better woman, a better ME!
 This book is refreshing and empowering. You can't deny Michelle's intelligence and grace. Being able to read more about her childhood and time before becoming the First Lady has been inspiring. Great read about a great human being!
 It was a beautiful read than left me touched and inspired.  It captures with grace the human and social aspect of being the first black lady in the USA.
 I hope each of us ‘becomes’ our most authentic selves as gracefully and courageously as Michelle has.  She brings us hope and optimism in a very scarey time.
 Was captured by the story from the first page. I'm only half way through the book, but I think it's worth the read. Very good book and easy to read and relate.
 Awesome read! I truly enjoyed Mrs. Obama's journey of 'Becoming!' Such and intellectual and inspiring read. Thank you! Forever my First Lady of the United States!
 Michelle is amazing
 This was an excellent book.  I had always admired the Obamas because they handled themselves so well and were obviously wonderful parents.  I now admire them even more.
 I liked the fact she as a woman is successful.  I taught and always told the young women in my class they could do or become anything they wanted.
 It was a beautiful story about a beautiful person who aspired to be the best!<br/>MICHELLE  captured her life from little girl to become The First Lady of the United States.  She portrayed herself as a very unselfish lady willing to give of herself in every aspect over her 54 years.
 This book was such a wonderful read. I liked that it showed that she is as she seemed on tv while with her husband. Funny and also a woman that is independant and proud of her family. I bought two copies.
 Wonderful Book!
 This woman and her story are inspiring! It holds back nothing and doesn't move too slowly. She is a hero to this country.
 The first half, her memoir of growing up in Southside Chicago as Michelle Robinson, was interesting. The rest was too much about being Mrs. Obama, which she is, but it really was rather dry reading.
 One of the best books I have ever read well written could feel all the emotions enumerated  during the First Ladies life , education, family,aspirations and deep concern for the children of our country my admiration has only grown about what a phenomenal woman she is
 I loved Michell from the moment I heard her speak the first time.  But this memoir enhanced that love.  Her warmth and honesty, her reflections on her own life and character and those of Barack, her retelling of significant world events experienced firsthand, are engaging and insightful.  Loved it!
 This book was hard to put down.Michelle bared  her soul. A very intimate look inside a political family. Great writing. Well organized from beginning to end.
 I thoroughly enjoyed Becoming. Michelle Obama conveys a myriad of experiences, observations and emotions. Her voice is strong and engaging as she shares her story with readers.
 I loved the cadence and pace at which she unfolded her story.<br/>She was sincere in bring out both her vulnerability and strength with admirable optimism.<br/>Well worth a read!
 Thought -provoking and engaging. A glimpse of a love (being) well lived. I highly recommend this book. I will be buying a few more copies for a few women who need to hear this voice
 This was such an amazing story written by an amazing person. I cannot recommend it enough, and do in fact recommend it to anyone that hasn’t read it. Michelle Obama speaks of hope, of life, and of raising above what you’ve been handed in a way that is entertaining and beautiful to read. After reading this book, I want to do better. For my children, my husband, and myself. Eat healthy, be active, live your life in a way that makes you happy, and VOTE!!
 Excellent book. Easy to relate to as she shares her lifetime of becoming. She explains that we are all Becoming and we all have a story. Delighted as she shares her story.
 Michelle Obama’s story is uplifting, compelling and beautiful. I love her message and passion towards uplifting others. It stands clear to me that she knows exactly what our struggling communities need, and that is for each and every individual to know that we all matter and we can make a change.
 Loved the book. It was so nice to know how important our country is to the obamas
 Michelle’s honesty and viewpoint of the political process is refreshing. Her compassion and love for others is evident as she shares her passion for giving hope to those less fortunate. I admire her more than ever!
 I liked how she gave a detailed synopsis of her life and exactly how she got injected into the political arena. As the wife of a politician who has zero interest in becoming a politician herself, she offered us a real world, bird’s eye view of what life is like as FLOTUS!
 Just a great read. 👍
 I could not put this book down. Michelle Obama is a beautiful person and her words reflect that beauty in an intellectually pure and interesting manner!
 I really enjoy this book, Michele shares so much of her life. She is truly dedicated to whatever task she takes on. I found the book to be reall, motivsting and informative.
 Absolutely love this book! So eloquently written and real! What a privilege to get an intimate look into the life of Michelle Obama’s life and how she became such an amazing woman, role model and all around extraordinary human being! Forever my FLOTUS!
 As warm, lovely and engaging as the woman herself.  I loved every bit of it.  Highly recommend it to anyone who wants to believe in hope and love again.
 Inspirational for a young woman entering university.
 Amazing book. I was hooked instantly. It was nice to read about what was going on in her mind during their whole trajector. What an intelligent and balanced woman. So proud.
 This book is a fantastic read and provides great insight into what shaped Michelle Obama as a person and First Lady.  It left me wanting to read more about her journey. I look forward to her next book as she continues to “become.”
 The most authentic realistic depiction of the life story of one Becoming who they truly are. Being first lady did not make Michele Obama. Michele Obama made the role of first lady as it should be. This is an excellent display of character to follow for any administration. I applaud the entire Obama family for leaving  such a rich legacy of excellence!
 If I could give this book more than five stars I would. I learned so much. It is a page turner. Michelle is a remarkable woman. We were blessed to have her for eight years.
 I loved the book, felt I was given an insight into their lives. Absolutely exposing the ups, downs and in between of their personal and professional lives.
 Becoming is a great book. I don't recommended it if you have a timeline to get something done, like grading papers. It was so hard to put it down and get to work.
 purchased for my wife and she loves it!  She has purchased more to give away as gifts.  Michelle Obama is an amazing and very strong woman...
 A book that lives up to its reviews.I found it very interesting  and learn a lot about her life as a child,student,wife,mother. Easy to read.
 Very thoughtful and well written. Michelle writes just like she talks and seems to be; very down to earth and real. This is a fascinating look into the lives of this amazing woman and her family.
 Good read
 Wonderfully engaging book.  My son immediately began reading (a rarity) and I was impressed with connections he made.  From Mrs. Obama's humble beginnings to her seizing opportunities.<br/>Thank you.
 A personal and honest recollection.  Gives a sense of the struggles that we all make with the decisions in our lives.  Thank you for sharing.
 Love it and her
 I gave the hard copy of this book as a Christmas gift, and the recipient loves it.  I, myself, downloaded it to my Kindle and I am in the middle of enjoying it right now.  Michelle Obama writes as naturally as she speaks, and her book is heartwarming.  Keep writing, Michelle!  You are wonderful!
 Wonderful memoir, you will not be disappointed! Michelle takes the reader on a ride back to her childhood home in Chicago, through to the white house and what a journey
 She’s amazing! I love the book, every page is inspirational! Glad I got myself a hard cover, since I will have it on display at home Incase anyone wants to borrow it!
 I don’t know what I expected when I began reading this book, but I found it to be thoroughly engrossing. The world is a better place for having Michelle Obama.
 Great book. Well written. Easy read.
 What a great read and very true to the title. You never know how you will start out, the process in getting there but enjoy and be thankful.
 I have difficulty seeing most books through to the end, but the author kept me completely engaged.  I highly recommend it.  Entertaining, informative....all around good reading.
 I loved this book!  Once I started reading, I didn't want to put it down.  I especially liked the first half where she talks about her childhood and her relationship with Obama.
 Absolutely loved this book. Michelle Obama is now and always will be my favorite First Lady.  Her storytelling was very unique and I felt as though I was a part of her entire life because of the way she drew you in to every situation throughout her entire life. Was very sorry to have it end
 Such a wonderful book!!
 I could hardly put this book down. It was entertaining and shared some insights into what life is like for a First Lady living in the White House
 I love this book so much that I sent a copy to my daughter.
 This is a deeply personal autobiography, with virtually minimal political rhetoric. Obama is straight forward, honest and positive thinking.
 The book is a fantastic read well written.<br/>I bought large print because I had surgery that effected my eyesight my first large print book,<br/>I will definitely buy more.
 I wasn’t sure I wanted to read this book. I thought we’ve already heard so much about Michelle and Barack Obama. I’m so glad I finally became curious.  Michelle is a really good writer, and her story is fascinating. I enjoyed every page.
 I have been a fan of Michelle Obama since she became first lady.  I found her story to be most interesting.  Her writing style is excellent, and her story can be a vision for others so they know she can succeed regardless of their circumstances.
 Excellent book, but two stars because the corners of the book came damaged and I would have just bought it at Barnes and Noble had I known that...
 Love!!! I bought the audible version as well so I can listen along as i read. Feels like she’s in the room with me having a discussion. ❤️Forever First Lady
 I loved everything about this book. Her honesty, transparency, inspiration, drive, ambition, and love of her husband, children and family members.
 This is a very well written, engaging book. My only regret is that I raced through “Becoming”, rather than savoring it.
 Michelle’s honesty, authenticity and willingness to reveal her vulnerability are stunning. I feel privileged to have been let into her life.
 Really enjoying this enlightening book. What great insight into the everyday life joys and struggles of the Obamas  from their childhood till present.
 It is refreshing to see a grammatically correct read that captured me wholeheartedly. I felt her experiences as if I were with her. Kudos to writers and to Mrs. Obama, who will go down in history as the most influential First Lady and human being alive. Bravo!
 Well written and interesting. I enjoyed listening to Michelle Obama read about her fascinating life.
 I expected the book to be good but honestly, my expectations were exceeded. I’m thankful that my Auntie Michelle opened up her life &amp; her heart to share with us.
 Michelle's book will be read for years, centuries, as the authentic record of the Obama Presidency. Every word is truthful and will pass the test of time so that in this current presidency the contrast will so dramatic it will be hard to believe. Great book!
 Love the book it was wrote with love and transparency
 Excellent true story Gives one a true story of a great lady. A lady who changed Washington in 8 short years. Whom with her successful husband made history for America. This will be turning point for Americans true history  THANKS BE TO GOD
 Mrs. Obama writes from the heart  and mind. She makes all feel normal. I especially liked her insights on her husband. What a great and noble couple!
 Loved how open and honest this book was a s so I aspiring
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It was enlightening and entertaining. She is an awesome writer and I hope to read more books that she writes
 The former First Lady shares her life and experience with grace and dignity.  I love this book ia glimpse into the life of the first Black First Lady and it is certainly a birdseye view of an intelligent Women who have seen and experienced Politics.  It's a great Read and I purchased the audio version where The First Lady actually reads the book it's like your seating on a couch just talking very intimate setting.
 I was so excited about my 'new' book to arrive... But I was heartbroken when the book arrived &amp; looks damaged.<br/>Doubt I go through this seller again.
 I loved the candid recounting of the history Michelle shared, as well as the insecurity that she lived with and ignored to do a magnificent job. I also warmed to the love affair with Barack and her ability to allow him to be the incredible, sensitive and intelligent human being that she shared.
 What an awesome book. I related to so many things that Mrs. Obama experienced, although we are of different cultures and upbringings. I have always admired her strength and grace. I do even more so now.
 Beautiful book
 I loved this book so much. The storytelling is just wonderful. Her voice is so authentic and sincere. Way more interesting than most political memoirs.
 Surprised by how much I liked this book. It was engaging, fun to read, insightful into her life; but also had strong and beautiful messages
 I don't read as  much as I used to but this was worth the time I took  to read .  Will probably read again to make sure I didn't miss anything
 I really enjoyed reading about Michelle Obama's humble beginning's and how she handled being the first black First Lady of the United States and all that entailed.
 So empowering and enlightened - her voice comes through strong in this book. I could imagine her saying each and every word. Highly recommend.
 Excellent writing skills. So insightful , funny and inspirational but not sappy. I couldn't put it down and I am a writer and very particular in the books I read. One of the best autobiographies I have read in a long time.
 Beautifully written, Inspirational for ALL,  Factual as a woman, a wife, a daughter, as a sister, and most of as a mother protecting her family from the dangers within while walking by faith, hope, love, and understanding as The First Family representing our United States of America with class and dignity at home and aboard.
 Great reading about Mrs. Obama and very well written.
 As I read this book it was like I could here her voice.  A wonderful and informative book on what has made her tick. I am proud to have called her our First Lady.
 Miss this woman and her husband as leaders of our country and positive roll models for everyone. Interesting to read about their childhood. Loved her story♥️
 I loved every morsel of it - so honest, inspiring, courageous, and intimate. So easy to identify with her struggles and dreams, yet so hard to mirror her resolve and strength. Her wisdom is timeless. Michelle is both a pathbreaker and a pathfinder. Thank you so much for sharing your life with us. A grateful nation.
 Michelle draws you into her life from the first paragraph! Her childhood experiences in urban Chicago were quite similar to mine in rural Iowa a generation earlier. What a talented, compassionate, and exceptional person Michelle Obama is, and how blessed we were to have her as an admirable First Lady. About halfway through the book, I began rationing how much I read each day, just to make every page last longer.
 Wow! Great book. Terrific easy read. Cool things I never knew about the best First Lady ever!!  You will love this book, it’s a must buy!!
 MICHELLE OBAMA’S AUTOBIOGRAPHY OPENED MY EYES, HEART AND MIND TO THE TRUTHS, CHALLENGES AND POSSIBILITIES OF LIVING AS A MINORITY IN AMERICA. SHE SAGELY OFFERS INSITE INTO HOW TO STAY POSITIVE, ON TARGET TO GET WHAT YOU WANT, NEED AND DESIRE. THE NEED TO MOVE FROM INSPIRATION AND HIGHER PURPOSE PARTICULARLY RESONATES WITH ME. MY HOPE IN A BETTER FUTURE IN SPITE OF OUTWARD APPEARANCES IS RENEWED. THANK YOU MICHELE AND BARRACK OBAMA FOR YOUR LEADERSHIP.
 Wonder read
 Becoming is a must read! Mrs. Obama is honest, humble, and encouraging and also speaks very candidly about her past and present experiences being first lady and in life as general.
 Love Michelle even more now! I think a lot of lower and middle class individuals can find her upbringing somewhat relatable. I think low and middle class families can benefit from her message, regardless of race.
 I loved the book, very insightful. I felt like I was living through her eyes. I felt a deep connection and understanding of who she is.
 Great read and very interesting. Starts slow but gets better.
 I just love Michelle Obama and couldn't wait to read her book.  It was everything I could have hoped it would be.  Wonderfully written.
 The story itself is fscinating, not surprising because Michelle Obama is fascinating. But what really stands out is the quality of the writing. If one of my students asked me how to write a memoir, I would tell him or her to read BECOMING because THAT is how to write a memoir.
 Personal, engaging and intelligent, just as our First Lady presented herself from the beginning. Emotions run through the pages giving a calm, friendly &amp; dignified glimpse of her life.
 I love that this book only cost $19.00. It goes without saying that I am looking forward to sinking into savoring the brilliance of this accomplished, classy and intelligent First lady.
 This book was amazing.  I bought the audiobook and was elated that Mrs. Obama narrated it by herself. It made it so much more personal for me and I felt like she was here with me.  It is so honest, and real and personal.  Thank you Former FLOTUS!
 It’s beautifully written and well-edited. The biggest surprise was the suspenseful narrative; I know how the major plot-liners evolve, and still could not wait to find out about the proposal, the election, the transitions. Nicely done.
 I was raised in an low socioeconomic area in the United States. There were cousins, aunts and uncles, maternal and paternal grandparents. I never once thought about what I didn't have. My widowed mother taught neighboring schools, and sent all five of us boys to college. "Becoming" reminded me of those growing up times and my dedicated mother.
 Michelle's honesty and down to earth style make her book relatable, enjoyable, and inspiring!<br/>Read this book!<br/>I have also had 2 people recommend the audible version.
 We are all becoming. Let us become better together. This warm, human book gives much-needed guidance on how to get there, even starting from here.
 Haven't read it yet bought bought the book immediately when I heard Michelle say she had written it.  She is such a lady, great wife and mother.  I just wanted to own a book she wrote so I can pass it down in my family.
 I enjoyed reading this book. Michelle is a very special woman. It's nice to read about her transitioning into the woman she has become.
 Perfect book by Michelle
 I love this woman even more than I did before.  She is intelligent and kind and did so much for our country in her limited role as FLOTUS.  If only we till has one quarter of the kindness in the White House now.
 In these trying and unsettling times, Michelle's story gives me renewed hope in the future of the United States.  My admiration has only grown stronger with the additional insight into the Obama's incredible experiences before and during their White House years.  Michelle is warmly caring and so very respectful of the people and situations around her.  Thank you for sharing so much of yourself with all of us.
 Love this book.  A wonderful look into her life and life in the White House.  Made me laugh and also weepy eyed at times.  I am reading it to a senior with vision problems.  She is enjoying it also.
 After reading Becoming, Michelle Obama is even more relatable and real to me. She invites you into her life by being honest about her experiences. She doesn't try to hide her flaws and insecurities.
 Michelle Obama brings her whole self to the table - whether it is raising her daughters, planting a garden, leading a country, or writing a book. Uplifting!
 Well written and an enjoyable read. Fascinating story of a life well-lived. Full of insight, hard work, determination and love of family. And, I am certain, more to come.
 I love the book content, and the honesty of the memoirs. Michelle Obama is very graceful in sharing  her stories.  This book will be gifted to several folks this Holiday season.
 Wife has been incredibly busy at work, etc.  But when time permits her nose is deep in this book along with her goblet of Chardonnay.
 A wonderfully told autobiography. Michelle is a model of grace and quiet dignity.  Thank you for this insight into your role as first lady.
 and times of the first lady . All the things they have experienced and have. Endured while being in public life. The book was very good read. I enjoyed reading the story.
 Beautiful book written by a classy and beautiful First Lady!  I bought this as a gift and the dust jacket is damaged. I’m surprised it was packed that way! (Picture added)
 Just plain great.  An excellent account of an exceptional life and wonderful person.
 I bought this for my mama for Christmas. Michelle wrote it, so its awesome. I didn't read it, but Michelle could be writing the alphabet and I'd buy it
 Loved the book
 We are grateful for the  President , but you wanted to Be First Lady Michelle friend and this book reinforced the reason why!  Love the book....Should be require read for all women.
 Mrs. Obama gave a very insightful look into her life. It was good to see the white house from her point of view. Loved all of the photos!! She will always my FLOTUS!!
 Such a real and poignant share of her life's experiences. Sights, sounds, smells, tastes, and emotions were clearly conveyed and the reader can put themselves in the place of Mrs. Obama as she so irrevrently takes them there.
 This is a classic book, a historic gem that tells it like it was and is.  I appreciate the honesty and especially the perspective she provides of her journey from ghetto like home to the white house.  Outstanding.
 Excellent Book and beautiful pictures.
 I enjoyed this book with her story from childhood to now. The honesty was refreshing and no bashing of anyone. She is too classy to engage in that fashion.
 A most readable, interesting glimpse into the lives of the Obama family. Highly recommended for young women of any color to learn that if you want to...you can ‘become’.
 I always had a fee l ing that our Former First Lady was just as real as the rest of us. Love her even more e after reading her book.
 great read
 You will laugh and cry right along with her. An excellent read that opens your eyes to the inner workings of the White House, but also of the hearts of American people.
 What a well written book! I had a hard time putting it down! Michelle Obama is one smart, strong, and beautiful woman!
 Just fantastic. I raced through this book, enjoying the writing, story telling and encouragement. I did not want this book to end. I hope she writes another!
 I am truly enjoying reading this book.  I was going to order it on audio but having the book in my hand is so much better.  It is a keeper for future generations to read.
 I have not had a chance to read the 44th FLOTUS book yet but my sister says it's really good.
 I was a bit skeptical about this book.  I thought I knew all about Michelle Obama, but I didn't.  Her story is important and interesting.  And more than a little inspirational.
 She writes like she speaks, straight forward.  I enjoyed reliving certain events through her perspective, it helped to broaden mine.
 I adore this book. It’s inxredibky real, raw and a transparent look into our forever First Ladies upbringing and current life. I loved it.
 Great book! Michelle Obama’s life story is so interesting and inspiring! I’m so glad I purchased this book and I recommend it to anyone - men, women, college students, etc.
 For fans of Mrs. Obama this is a fascinating book.  Great incite into her life both in an out of the White House.  Truly enjoyable.
 This book is awesome.  To learn about the 1st family from the horses mouth was very informative.  It was a fairytale in the making.
 Even though I'm not African-American and belong to a generation a decade younger, I could identify with the main theme of her book--becoming.  Becoming a woman and a person of high moral character.  Her story is inspirational.  She sowed seeds in the White House garden and into the spirit of women everywhere.
 Very interesting to learn more about our Forever First Lady! No need for a long review as I'm sure you've heard. Just believe the hype and purchase. Well done!
 Brillantly written! Inspiring! Longing for the days when US had a First Lady and a leader at the helm.
 An amazing story, so eloquently written! Makes me love her even more. A truly enjoyable read!
 It's an easy read with great details about Michelle Obama and her journey from Chicago's Southside to the White House. Reading it is like listening to her telling the story. A great look in the lives of the Obamas, told without pretense or hyperbole.
 Such a wonderful story of a life well lived.You just know that Michelle will continue “becoming”. This is truly inspirational for any and all, but especially young people. However, I am “old” and realize that I too can continue to “become”.
 This book is filled with the most important feature of the Obama presidency - hope. Uplifting and full of honesty. A great reminder of the responsibility we all bear to contribute to our fellow human beings
 Absolutely great gift.  Have heard lots of wonderful things about the book,  even from those who initially didn't want to read it.
 This was a great inside in what molded her into who she became. She served our nation with such grace. She is such an inspiration to our young people. Thank you for your sacrifices that you and your family made for our nation! Everyone needs to read this, they would gain great incite on what they go through.
 This book was amazing.  There are so many things that people do not know about Presidents.  There are so many things that people do not realize that women and girls go through.  This book was simple amazing.
 Great and interesting book.
 I loved the book - Mrs Obama writes so beautifully that it makes me feel so a part of her journey.  Thank you for your beautiful book.
 A book on strength through intimacy. Education in honesty.<br/>And a reminder that this brilliant hardworking couple chose public service.<br/>A gift
 Genuine
 I enjoyed every chapter of this book! Michelle’s story is definitely interesting and relatable and it is very well written. I also felt that it was very sincere. My main takeaway is that, in every stage in your life, you’ll learn something that will take you to the next one, and that doesn’t necessarily have to be the traditional path ahead.
 I loved this book! It was beautifully written and showed how one very special family survived the office of first family with grace and class! I would recommend this book highly!
 This book was everyrhing I imagined. Michelles story is much like most women who grew up in the inner cities around the country. We were also raised to believe that nothing was out of reach. Her grace, class, perseverance, and desire to bring others up with her is inspiring.
 Wanted to know about Michelle's life I wasn't disappointed. This is great writing and a beautiful story. I'm so proud of this First Lady
 A thorough book of an extraordinary life of a woman that looks like me. As I age I realize representation matters and this book reminds me to be the best version of me and that I AM ENOUGH. I am so blessed to have the time and energy to read this book.
 I felt like I had just visited  the Obamas after ever read. The writing is vivid and Michelle doesn’t hold back. I say Michelle because it feels like I know her. Putting the Obama presidency in perspective feeds my love of history and the work she and her teams accomplished are an inspiration. I’ve given the books as gifts. I highly recommend Becoming
 Excellent book.  Made you feel like she was speaking directly to you.<br/><br/>directly.
 What a classy lady. Everyone can learn from a nice lady and I do mean everyone.  Oh and I am white but bleed red like all of you with or without class.
 Very inspirational, I am giving this book to all the young ladies I know who are graduating from middle school, high school, and college. I will always remember "am I good enough?" " yes I am".
 What's not to Love about our forever FLOTUS
 Mrs. Obama’s autobiography appeared to be fair and balanced, warts and all.  It was quite inspirational and I’d highly recommend it.
 This is, hands down, the best modern memoir of our generation. Ladies, it is a must read for both you and your daughters. A delicious and courageous bio that reads like a novel. It surprises me not at all that it was an immediate best seller--the biggest of 2018.
 Well written, bio providing timeline detailing events and thought processes that lead to their becoming First Lady and President.
 Absolutely love the whole becoming book. The life of Michelle childhood to becoming Mrs Obama mother of two beautiful daughters.
 Characteristically and unsurprisingly well-written. Best FLOTUS ever, looking forward to her continued contributions to the U.S. and the world.
 This book was like a conversation with a new/old friend!  It is inspiring to learn about the people and challenges that helped to shape the character of Michelle Obama.
 Very genuine people doing their best! What's not to like? Written in such an intimate tone, you'd think she was sitting across the table from you. I like her more now than I did before I read the book.
 Her thoughtful, inspiring book makes me feel as though Michelle Obama is my friend.  The book is so well written, the most articulate I have read.  Thank you for the very personal, heart-felt insight to your life, and as First Lady.  Inspiring look at what can be, aching for return of Hope to our country.
 A very inspiring and encouraging book. This book let you dream wake up then realize witnessing a dream burbs reality.<br/>Great Job  Mrs. O
 Excellent read.
 Becoming is a starkly truthful account of facts and emotions that make up the story of one of the great ladies in American history.  I thank her for writing it.
 A breath of fresh air during our current political thunderstorm.<br/><br/>This story gives you perspective into MIchelle’s childhood, adolescence, adulthood and time as First Lady. I look forward to the chance to read this story with my daughter once she comes of age.
 This is one of the most amazing books I have read in a long time. Mrs Obama gave us an unguarded look into her life we can all learn from.
 As expected, I love her book , buying more for Christmas presents .. need to remind myself this current horror (this too will pass )<br/>and reading BECOMING helps
 I loved Michelle's humanity and truthfulness. I wept at the contrast between the Obama white house and how far we've fallen now to an  amoral nation.
 Excellent read whether or not you are fan. Is not loaded down with political positions. Very down to earth. Have given repeatedly as a gift.
 I have the utmost respect for Michele Obama as a woman, a mother, a daughter, a wife, a politician and an encourager of herself and others.  If you want to raise your self-esteem, read this book to learn how it’s done.
 There was so much that I did not know about the Obamas, and felt that Michelle would tell the truth about herself and her family.
 My wife likes her gift so far and enjoying reading the book
 Wonderful, warm recounting of Michelle Obama’s life.  She connects on a human level to her reader, as if we are good friends.  As the adoptive mother of two black boys, I appreciated her absolute candor about the American experience of living while Black.
 A refreshingly honest and intimate account of her life and her years in the White House.  She doesn’t sugarcoat the difficult realities nor minimize the complexities that she and her husband faced in their childhoods, marriage, and political lives.  Articulate, intelligent, well-written, and inspiring.
 I have always admired Michelle Obama. She’s such a classy, well educated, beautiful, caring lady. I’m actually reading this book for the second time. That’s how good this book is.
 A nice and different perspective on the history we know. An honest but superficial story that provides just a glimpse from the inside.
 I chose highest rating, because it's well deserved.  Michelle is a beautiful and inspiring lady. My recommendation:  Everyone should read.
 Michelle Obama tells the story of her life in a highly readable fashion and gives the reader a clear picture of her personality and her relationship with her husband.  Excellent throughout!
 They will always be hope, and change! One step forward, no steps back. Just keep stepping! Thanks for showing us all girls matter!
 I have long admired Michelle Obama, and the book just reinforces that feeling.  I believe she is humble and open, introspective and empathetic.  I enjoyed every single page!
 Wow. What a heartwarming, and compelling book. Such style and grace will always be admired by so many!  THANKS for sharing your story!
 A great look into a remarkable woman’s journey. Well written with the grace, intelligence and compassion that we came to love during her tenure as First Lady. Thank you, Ms. Obama for reminding us in these dark days to keep our eyes and hearts directed towards making this planet a better place for all.
 I loved the book and highly recommend!<br/>May God continue to watch over and bless not just the Obamas but her mother too for the major part she played.
 A great read and it gave an inside glimpse of Mrs. Obama's drive and passion. I thoroughly enjoyed this book and highly recommend it.
 Very well written book. Many insights into growing up African American on the South side of Chicago in a middle class family. Also interesting were her very intelligent thoughts and observations about herself, her husband, family and life in general beginning at a very young age.<br/>I didn't want the book or the Obama era to end
 Michelle Obama pours her heart out with sometimes painful facts about her life and that of President Obama.  It’s a wonderful story of her life and their adventure into politics.
 Absolutely loved it! So inspiring! She has lived her life with such grace and passion. I loved the way she was able to promote causes during her time as First Lady and appreciate them even more now. I even found her relatable as a working mom, which I did not expect. Really liked her before, love her now! Truly appreciate her ability to maintain a positive growth mindset and to take the high road.
 There are so many stories within this book.  President Barack and Michelle Obama’s lives are like fairy tales come true and shows how all of us, particularly minorities, how we can become educated, work hard and be leaders of our country.  The peek into their lives during his presidency was insightful, heart-warming and even entertaining.  What a wonderful book!
 I gave two of these books for Xmas presents in 2018. We love M. Obama and love reading about her.
 Beautifully Written. Ms Obama took you on her journey from early childhood to Becoming the person she is today. There was so much love in her heart for everyone she encountered . Her story gave you a sense of the sacrifices and benefits that she got from being the First Lady.
 I wasn’t looking forward to reading this book but brought it along on a weekend just for something to read.  I ended up not being able to put it down, and loving it! It is well written and inspirational.
 I received this book as a Christmas gift and I love the book. I decided to buy it for my friend for her birthday now in February and the jacket is faded. I guess the print of this particular edition is not so good. I'm disappointed because I want the jacket to look new not like I bought it from a second hand store.
 Michelle Obama is a wonderful, natural writer. She told the story from her perspective. I sobbed through the inaugurations, moving in to the WH, planting the garden, her mother's advice. Her honesty about their lives brings home the miracle of their road to the WH......just thrilling. They made America great again.
 Michelle Obama, how we miss you. Thank you for the honest and open reflection you have provided about your life and your time in  the White House. Your stories remind us all to be open, lead by example, be kind, and serving others leads to a better future for all.
 Very inspirational!<br/>The book is a great read that highlights the work ethnic, strides and gracefulness of her and her families life
 Most political autobiographies are a disappointment, but not this one. Michelle is a wonderful writer and tells her own story with humor, honesty and warmth.
 Many of my younger friends were(and to some  extent, still are) discouraged by the regime which followed the Obama terms of the office of the presidency. This book will help you understand why hope is still alive in my 75 year old heart. Thank you, Michelle, for sharing your life so far. I too am still becoming...
 Classy lady. Came from humble beginnings and she never forgot it. Love so much. Just when I thought I couldn't love the Obama's more...
 Informative, well written, inspiring account of Michelle Obama's life from childhood to post First Lady. I highly recommend this book.
 I ordered audiobook for myself, fall in love with Michael! I ordered this book for my teenager daughter, I am glad that she loves the book too.
 Loved it so much more than I thought I would! I enjoyed hearing about her life and her perspective on politics. So impressed with the person, mother, lawyer, hospital executive,  politician and supportive partner Michelle Obama is. I am inspired by her.
 A very good book I'm enjoying every page of the book. I wish that the people that had preordered the book could have gotten it signed by Mrs Obama
 Her history and recounting of her life is so accurate in remembering when I was at home with 3 small children while my husband was 3 hours away in the state ,eggs,store and then the state senate. The campaigns, raising children while working without their father for 3 months every year all came back.
 This "comfortable" book was like chatting over coffee with a warm, confiding friend.  There's no down and dirty secrets --<br/>just the amazing ability of an intelligent, interesting, woman to come into her own as a wife, mother, professional woman who just happens to become the nation's first lady.
 Gave these as Christmas gifts. All my friends were excited to receive this.  I can’t wait for a cold snow day to settle in with hot chocolate and read this.
 I couldn’t put it down and hated for it to end. Becoming gives you an honest and unfiltered look into the life of being a first First Lady.
 Michelle Obama is vulnerable, honest, candid,  inspiring<br/><br/>I laughed, I cried<br/><br/>I was deeply moved<br/><br/>Thank u Michelle for sharing yourself, your husband, your girls with us — u r truly amazing!
 This is the first biography I’ve ever read. I couldn’t put it down. Easy to read but more importantly it is uplifting and inspiring. I have little in common with Michelle And yet her story is so relatable.
 The Story Was A Great Look At Positivity In Her Home Life, Being A Daughter, Friend, Her Education, Becoming A Young Adult, Relationships, Wife And FIRST LADY. It Explain Each Chapter Of Her Life Until Now.
 Wonderful book
 Bought 8 copies for gifts with one for me.  Everyone extremely happy with gift.  We love Michelle Obama and can’t wait to read her book.
 Awesome book. Well written and you feel like you are on the journey with our forever First Lady. Honest, real and transparent.
 This book reveals a true patriot and humanitarian.  It also gives me insight to the complex choreography of Washington politics.
 Thoughtful honest account of Michelle’s life before and during Obama’s presidency. She affirms all of my impressions of her and their family , her energy, integrity, compassion, empathy and  desire to accomplish real change for disadvantaged people and all Americans.  I loved reading Becoming.  I am joining Michelle and taking the long optimistic view of our country
 I enjoyed getting her perspective as a black woman who can see opportunities and make choices that influence many.  Thanks
 A must read - I have such respect for the examples set by the Obamas. They both set the bar for harnessing their influence at all points of their lives to truly make a difference for all Americans. Great read.
 Uplifting says it all! Inspiration for the next generation to reach for and achieve their potential. Yes you can!  Adult generations need to provide the means by ensuring GI Bill benefits and affordable higher education opportunities are funded.
 Wasnt expecting her to be such a good writer . Honest.
 You will love it. Paper a little thin. But thought about everybody with print size. The paper should have been better for the price.
 This book touches your heart, challenges your mind, and warms your spirit.  The writing is simple yet powerfully effective to convey a story of hope, triumph and becoming your more complete self—no matter your journey.
 What a wonderful book, beautifully written. I received another as a gift so returned mine. Almost decided to keep both!!!
 I was impressed with Michelle Obama's writing skills. She is well-written and her story is very interesting and engaging. It's well worth reading.
 The book was very well written and conveyed the incredible journey of a young black girl who ultimately became the First Lady of the United States. It is emotional, intelligent and inspiring. I am so glad I read this book and I am happy to recommend it to all others, especially those trying to maintain hope and optimism.
 What a great American story for humble beginings to FLOTUS for 8 years and the most admired woman of our time. Could not put it down.
 Very interesting to read. If you love the Obama’s like I do, you will like this book.  Such an intelligent &amp; accomplished woman.
 A wonderful biography  about a really smart , sweet and compassionate first lady.  Very much different from the present first lady and her inept husband
 A must read especially for our younger generation. One can’t help but be touched and inspired by M. Obama’s kindness, humility and genuine love of people.
 What an amazing story her life has been so far. I loved every page and will miss her voice now that I've finished.<br/>I admire her tireless work as First Lady and her accomplishments.<br/>We miss you Michelle Obama, thank you for your service to our country.
 The most interesting story about a very interesting, unassuming family! I read this as if I was Michelle Robinson Obama💜😄
 This book was worth the wait. First Lady Michelle Obama is honest and straight forward. I love it and recommend it to everyone that I know.
 Michelle Obama is a fantastic writer who stays true to herself while reflecting on all areas of her life. It is an inspiring book that makes one realize just how much hard work goes into creating impactful change no matter how small or how big.
 I found this book a powerful and gripping read. I loved her insight into life and how to make a better life for her family and all those around her.
 Excellent book by an amazing woman who has led a fascinating life thus far. I look forward to seeing where she goes from here.
 I was an admirer before. Now, I am very impressed.  Michelle Obama is a lady in every sense of the word. Very inspiring.
 This book was very good. Michelle made me feel like, I was right there. She brought her story to life.  I could visualize the family gatherings. She made me think of tines with my granny. I am thankful that she wasn't embarrassed of where she came from. Michelle is a prime example of, no mattter your race; you can be anything that you want to be. Thank you former First Lady Obama. You have made our race proud!
 I have not yet read. Gave as a Christmas present and my friend loves it. Looking forward to borrowing it and reading it.
 This book tells a interesting story with a perspective that offers insight and some pearls of wisdom along the way.
 I already had great respect for Michelle Obama, but now I have even more. The most remarkable things about this book are Michelle’s honesty and genuineness. I thoroughly enjoyed learning about her and her life’s journey.
 Everyone, everywhere should read this book and be inspired.  It is well written and very interesting on so many levels. I have given it to everyone I know.  Buy this book.  You will not be sorry.
 This book is fantastic.  It is very well written and very interesting.  Also, the font is big enough for me to read easily.
 I loved the book. Written like a conversation with an old friend having a bottle of wine. Don’t look for secrets, it’s about Michelle.
 I really enjoyed this book and would recommend it. The former First Lady shows that compassion, kindness and empathy are what is needed to combat hate, division and cruelty.
 I read this book so quickly. I am know reading it over to my daughters. It is filled with encouragement and prospective.
 Engaging and honest. This is a wonderful book that speaks to working mothers everywhere. A delightful glimpse into what makes Michelle who she is. Sometimes funny and often sobering this is a must read for anyone thinking about the future of American people and politics.
 I love this book so much I'm not done reading it but it gives me life! I recommend that everyone read it you will enjoy it. You will laugh and cry.
 This book reminded me of how it feels to deeply respect and love our leadership and that we CAN feel safe with the right people in power. I feel gratitude to Michelle and family for their example.
 Reading the thoughts of this wonderful, honest, warm and bright American, was a delight from the first paragraph to the last.  Michelle's honesty, self-awareness and thoughtfulness was evident throughout the book.  It was like having a great dessert without the calories.
 Awesome!<br/>What is not to LOVE about this book!!!
 Purchased by Mom and myself one she loves it So do I
 For anyone to  read. I was curious at first and then engrossed,  A vote for education and smarts, There.  Enough words.
 I loved this book with every fiber of my being. She is so intellectual and hearing her life story is an amazing piece of history.
 I wanted more! All that was there was fascinating, smart, poignant and encouraging. A good overview but not as revealing of real thoughts she probably had about some subjects. Not particularly vulnerable and insightful as I expected. An extremely admirable woman however.
 Michelle Obama has been a brilliant and "doing" woman her entire life. Before reading this wonderful memoir, I only knew her as the active and involved First Lady.
 This book covered her life to date in an interesting style. It also clearly documented what a family goes through when one of them runs for high office.
 Well- written, insightful and thought provoking. I was initially skeptical but I couldn’t put it down till the end. An intimate close up look at Mrs O- a moving and powerful voice.
 Easy to read, this was a present and I asked my friend how the book was and I got it back to read. Nice easy flow and entertaining
 Wow, wow, wow! What a great lady. And a great story! I loved it !It was a good read and I can’t wait for my daughters to read it!
 Surprised it wasn't wrapped in bubble paper  Open carefully as to not cut cover.  Books were received new and without issues.
 This book was a struggle and not believable at all! A person that is totally privileged and does not relate at all! Do not waste your time!
 Michele Obama's revealing insight on life inside the White House. I would recommend it to anyone, whether you are a fan or not.
 I miss this woman and her husband every day and wanted to know more about the woman I admired.  I learned a great deal more about her normal middle class upbringing.  Though I dislike the middleCLASS word, this lady has CLASS.  Loved the book.<br/>susiep44
 I'm a big fan of the Obama family. Michelle's story is inspiring. I believe I've learned more about their efforts on behalf of our country and I support their causes.
 More pertinent to how she grew up then to any sort of political spin. She is indeed a hell of a lady, as is her husband. To grow up poor and find yourself at the top is always a great read. She cares about people, especially young girls.
 Michelle Obama has written a very interesting book about her life, both before and during her time in the White House.
 Inspiring read.
 Beautifully written.  From the heart.
 Thank you, Michelle, for writing this amazing book, sharing your story and being such an inspirational role model to so many of us.
 I am loving this book I listen to her reading it and I have a hard copy of the book but The First Lady tells her story so well
 Michelle Obama is truly a woman of grace and dignity.  I hope her daughters learn well from her example of womanhood.
 So inspirational, so relatable, at times funny, other times worrisome. Michelle Obama is even more amazing than I could have imagined. Best book ever!
 Michele writes a fantastic book about her life starting with her meager beginnings in Chicago's South Side all the way through to the White House. She tells it like it is and has a great way of telling it. Humor, tears, joys,  all the emotions of her life.
 There was no bogging down in details as is expected in most biographies of politically connected people.  It enlightened me as to the plight of 20th century African Americans who came through  the Great Migration.  A very enjoyable, easy read.
 Good book, bought as a gift for my mum and she loved it!
 I am moved and encouraged that people such as the Obamas exist. At this time our country is so fraught with difficulties of the current administration that just to know that such people exist gives me encouragement
 This book was a fantastic read. The book was refreshingly honest and sincere. Michelle Obama you were a great first lady and President Barack Obama was a blessing to the American people.
 What I enjoyed about Michelle’s book was that she let the reader know how she and her brother was raise , the schools she attened and about her parents. I like the way she Let  us know that she came from a working class family and how her parents let her make her own decisions based on what she learned from her parents. Then she took us on a journey how she met Barack and how her journey went from ordinary to extraordinary.
 I loved reading Michelle's book.  I feel so connected to her and her experiences growing up and the values under which she was raised.  I could feel the family love through each word and each picture. Becoming is a MUST READ. In fact, I brought several copies and gave them as gifts. Thank you Ms. Michelle.
 Love the Obama family and all that they did for our nation.<br/>Michelle says it like it is...pure honesty.<br/>Thank you for letting us into the White House and the life of being "First Lady"  with dignity.
 Found this book to be very interesting and informative. Our family likes the Obamas. Read this book late Winter 2019
 The nightmare story came out of nowhere! Well written book that showed the personalities and events to produce this great first lady.
 Michelle Obama is an inspiration. The way she writes her story, telling the world she is no different than anyone else. That each person has de power to define themselves, by choosing wisely and sticking to what they stand for.<br/><br/>She shares her problems, her thoughts and her continuos growth. Stating that “becoming” is not something finite, it’s an ongoing adventure, who only each of us has the power to define it.
 It was very clear and informative,inspiring with much love , I am almost 80 years old &amp; I learn new things, Thank you madam President!
 This book is great. Full of wonderful stories of Michelle and her family. I looked forward to reading this book each night before bed and was sad when it was over.
 Obama is a very good writer and I enjoyed this book a lot. She seemed to be much more frank than most autobiographies are which made the book more real and very interesting.
 I loved the book. She is very open and real .<br/>I'd love to have continued reading more of her story.
 Such a beautifully written book which everyone should read. Sent a copy to all my girlfriends who have birthdays this month!
 This book is so interesting, honest and easy reading! When I tell my friends about it, they already have it...best book I've read in a long time...thanks Mrs. Michelle Obama for a great book!
 It was written in a very conventional manner making it easy to read while not losing the significance of her perspective and experiences.
 The best book.
 Michelle Obama, through and through. I can hear her talking as I read the written words. Powerful, inspirational and authentic!
 Not surprisingly Michelle Obama turns out to be a gifted writer in addition to all the other things she does so well. I enjoyed reading her memoir and found her telling of events to be very relatable and moving. How could we have so taken for granted the basic decency of this wonderful first family? Sigh.
 While this book may be Michelle Obama’s memoirs, it is also a book that makes one think about their own life. The optimism will hopefully affect the reader to examine their “becoming.”
 I USED TO LISTEN TO THE MICLELLE'S BOOK WHILE DRIVING TO AND FROM WORK. LOVED THE BOOK. SHE IS AN EXTRAORDINARY WOMAN.<br/>MISS LISTENING TO HER VOICE ALREADY<br/>NEED BOOK NUMBER 2 3 ETC
 I loved the perspectives and stories of Michelle’s life and experience. Very inspirational and honest. Thank you for sharing your story with us.
 A great book ,could not put it down,on certain occasions in the book .I cried.I love you and President Obama,sorry you  are not in the White  House.Thank for sharing your life.I will forever be grateful.
 Michelle Obama tells the tale of her life here, it's a wonderful memoir. Nice companion book to Dreams from my Father.
 This book is for all people that have ever struggled, ever cared about humanity, and ever strived for something better than what they had. Michelle Obama is relatable on countless levels. Red it. You won’t be disappointed.
 I enjoyed this book from cover to cover. Such insight into the life of a woman I admire deeply.  So sad when I got to the end!
 It is a really engaging book that gives you a real look inside the life of Obama family and the challenges faced by Michelle Obama as she began her pursuit of and then became the First Lady.  It gives you a real picture of what is involved in campaigning while trying to maintain a career and still be a super mom.  It is all down to earth and real!!!
 I love the Obama family even more. Mrs. Obama sharing so much, validated their genuineness even more. One copy was for my ddaughter's 50th birthday on yesterday, and she is loving it already.
 Classy strong woman! Great book. How lucky are we to have Michelle Obama as a role model for our young girls and women?? A+++++++
 The engaging life of a strong yet sensitive woman. She spends no time belittling or regretting her or her husband's (many, many) enemies, but in doing so triumphs over them all.
 Inspiration of hope. I truly enjoyed the journey. Looking forward with optimism in my heart for a very bright future for all. Thank you.
 Michelle left no stones unturned.  She talked about life, it's ups and downs and thee daily issue we ALL have.  Very well written.
 I've always been interested in Michelle Obama - and we mainly only hear about her from her life as and post First Lady. So yes, the first half of or so seems "slow," but it's a wonderful biography that's built upon her first memories and childhood upbringing. Loved how well written and balanced it was!
 I thought this would interest my girlfriend and gave it to her for Christmas. She is reading it now and loved jt.
 Extraordinary book. I find Michelle to be a very intellectual person and she does a beautiful job with the accounts in this latest novel.
 A page turner of her fascinating life. Terrific insights into her childhood and the shift from a mixe d  neighborhood  to one that was almost all black.<br/><br/>..
 everyone got a copy for Christmas!! The words and experiences are real and I love her insight.  Definitely should be on everyone reading list!!
 This was one of the best books I have read in a while. I enjoyed her honesty and humility. It was as if she were having a conversation with me.<br/>  I highly recommend this book.
 It was wonderful to hear this from the First Lady without a media filter. It's hopeful, inspiring, endearing and insightful.
 Great read. Insightful  Made me long for the intelligence and grace of that bygone presidency.  Her strength and pursuit of what is right and fair are a testament to her character.
 Her ability to take a reader through history in such s gracious way. Thank you for opening my eyes to a different world.
 It is a motivational book.  Great for young persons.  Shows that no ones knows where they will end up and it is important to take opportunities as they arrive.  Book shows how different worlds can meet in a union and make it work.
 This book reveals the "real" everyday life of the Obama family, during their presidential years, through the eyes of the First Lady, Michelle Obama. Touched my heart in so many ways.
 This forever first lady's novel is beautifully written. She knows how to capture your attention and your heart. She is pure and I feel like I am becoming a different person when I read this book. I waited awhile for this novel to come out and it was indeed worth the wait.<br/><br/>Thank you First Lady Michelle for your class, your strength, your intelligence, your truth, and for sharing your story to the world!
 I love Michelle's writing style. Very warm and caring. She has done so much for children re education and nutrition. She will go down in history as one of our finest FLOTUS.
 I really enjoyed reading this book. I wasn’t sure what to expect when I started but was very happy I read it. Go ahead and buy it you won’t be disappointed.
 "Becoming" Inspires my hope for our country, our young women, our daughters, our selves. In the midst of political power, Michelle Obama kept her head. She did not despair. On a daily basis, she knew more than Mika, Andrea, and Rachel. She remains optimistic as we all must. Thank you for reminding us of the  power in truth.
 My book club gave this book our highest rating.  We are old white women at the end if our lives and we know what is real.
 What a wonderful feeling to have gotten this for my wife.
 Honest, compelling.  Mrs. Obama sounds like she’s chatting across the kitchen table. Loved it!  Love her!  It’s not political so much as principled
 An engaging autobiography that reveals how and why Michelle Obama is a remarkable person who is making a difference in our world.
 This book is a beautifully written memoir of one of the most politically important periods in our country’s history.  In many ways it was, for me, painful to re-live these years in light of all that has been destroyed since then.
 I really like this book . I added audible love here in Michelle Obama's voice read the book with so much Passion. Good read
 Wonderful book!  Very easy reading.  Loved the story of Michelle's life.  She is such an inspiration.  Love her!
 This was a book about humanity, growth, perceptions, understanding, BECOMING.  Men should read Becoming, women would understand.
 This book is an insightful and entertaining look into Michelle Obama's life, from growing up in the South Side of Chicago through leaving the White House for the last time and adjusting to life post-presidency. Her voice comes through loud and clear; you feel like she is talking right at you. It made me want to laugh and cry at different points and was hard to put down. Great read, would recommend to anyone!
 Reads like a novel. Couldn’t put it down. An intimate and personable look into the life of one of the most accomplished and amazing women in America.
 This is a wonderful  story that should be read by everyone.<br/>I laughed, I cried,  it's for real. Thank you!
 Michelle really tells you the good and bad about her rise to first lady and her feelings about being<br/>in the spotlight. I especially enjoyed her recounting of childhood memories
 Michelle Obama gives each of us the courage to believe in our own stories through telling hers so humbly and honestly.
 This is an excellent book; well written.  A great glimpse into the private lives of the best first family ever!
 Love this book - Michelle is so down-to-earth and it’s an easy read that you don’t want to put down.
 Inspiring. Beautiful. Heartbreaking. Hopeful. The stories told, the voices heard, and the humanity at the core of it all make this book one I will read over and over again.
 Wanted to learn more about their lives before the White House and I did.  Their story was told in a warm, personable way.
 This is a wonderful book.  Mrs Obama didn't try to hide anything, she just put it all out there. I didn't want the book to end.  May God continue to bless you and your beautiful family.
 I admired Michelle Obama before and now I understand how much more she has done for others than I ever knew.  She has answered her own question AM I GOOD ENOUGH? How lucky we were to have had her as our first lady.
 It's not at all political. She writes about her life as a child and explains it such detail it left me feeling like I could have been her neighbor. It's a great read.
 I enjoyed every minute of this interesting autobiography, from Michele ‘s early days to the inauguration and beyond.  I very intelligent woman who came from a loving and respected family.  So happy she and Barrack met!
 Couldn't put this down.  What a hard working, dedicated and accomplished woman who fought lots of challenges.  Hope everyone gets a chance to read it!
 Excellent. I love how really and candid Michelle Obama was about where she came from and her progression to into the beautiful person we had the pleasure of getting to know for 8 years.
 I’m loving this book! It is so refreshing to hear from Michelle Obama because she is such an interesting lady.
 Easy read. Inspiring and strength
 This book resonated with my soul. It was beautifully written in so that I felt every emotion and visualized every scene.
 This book was so well written and so detailed. Nothing was left out. It was an awesome read. You didn’t want it to end.
 Who would have ever thought!  Such an uncensored and up close view into not only the world of the FLOTUS, but the games politicians play in the sense of RED or BLUE and not the needs of their constituents.  Thank you, Michelle.
 Michelle Obama’s story reminds us of the dignity and maturity of the Obamas in their movements toward the presidency.  While Michelle was not involved in political decisions, she initiated her own programs toward inclusivity, education and healthful lifestyles for all people. A very uplifting book.
 I felt like I knew Michelle by the end of the book. Believable and moves quickly through her childhood, meeting Barak, and culminating at the end of the second presidential term. Inspiring book that encourages the reader to "go high when others go low".
 I like the way the story read. Straight to the point
 Very easy &amp; relatable read for all women, but especially for women of color as we tend to find ourselves balancing our real life self, with our professional life.
 What's not to admire about our First Lady, she is FIERCE. I love her honesty and willingness to share the most intimate<br/>parts of her amazing journey from the Southside of Chicago to Pennsylvania Ave. One thing is very clear and that is she was born with those inherited characteristics of dignity, natural grace and beauty we were so blessed to have her as our First Lady for eight years.
 I loved this book. So down to earth, interesting. I don’t read a lot of autobiography, but this is an exception.
 It’s written in such a beautiful personal way.  I can truly visualize some of her humerious comments. A GREAT READ!
 Mrs. Obama is an excellent writer. I thought I knew her through media coverage, but now I know her much better.
 Michelle is a phenomenal story teller.  I felt as if I was there listening to her tell a story personally.  Hard to put the book down.
 Well-written. Not too political. Interesting take on finding balance as a working mother. Fascinating inside look at her experiences in the White House.
 Very pleased that I read this book. I learned a lot about inside politics and the life of a president and his family.
 Loved the book. Love Michelle!
 I thoroughly enjoyed the transparency and love that went into the telling of Michelle’s story. Ordinary people accomplishing extraordinary things. That never gets old.
 One of the best of the best items that I have every purchased.  Looking forward to reading this book in its entirety.
 This book has given me a glimpse of life at the White House during the Obama years.  It makes me feel  hopeful that our current political climate will pass and we can return to civility in our political discourse.<br/>I pray for those that are invisible and feel the need to become the best I can be by following Michelle's lead.<br/>Thank you for sharing your story and restoring my belief!
 Amazing. Well-written, thoughtful, flows well, never drags. Best book I have read in a long time. My husband and teen daughter also thoroughly enjoyed the book.
 I really enjoyed Mrs. Obama’s frankness in telling her story.  I admired her drive and her devotion to her family.  She is someone I would love to just have a cup of coffee and a good long talk with.
 I really got all into this book, well written and kept my attention. There were times I didn't want to put it down. Looking forward to your next book. A fan from afar, best wishes to you and your family! ~T~
 It was like having a conversation with a very dear smart and loving friend  I will probably read it again because it's filled with so much hope humor and honesty
 I loved this book. It was honest and open and powerful and a really good read. I was sorry when I reached the last page. Buy it and read it and be inspired.
 Love the authenticity and grace .  Michelle is such an amazing role model and lady.  So inspiring.  Read this book.
 I loved the story of her childhood with a solid family core.  Sorry Michelle missed her opportunity while in the White House to work towards furthering the importance of marriage in the black family.<br/><br/>So often Michelle would start her subject or object in the sentence with her name first, followed by "and so and so".  Aren't they teaching grammar in schools anymore?
 Such an easy read. Already had a lot of respect for Michelle Obama. After reading this book I have even more respect for her. She is down to earth with the same personal questions running through her internal dialogue that any other female would have. I hope she writes another book in the future.
 Love this book👍🏽❤️❤️❤️❤️
 Amazing book! Everyone regardless of politics should read; not about political persuasion.  It’s about family, faith, and love. A must.
 I hear that it is a good book, bought it for my Granddaughter whom I hope will be an inspiration to her future growth.
 Great book. Very easy to read and informative.
 Not what I expected. Mrs. Obama is a great storyteller. Very captivating and engaging. I admire her more than ever.
 Thus book us real, honest. It gave me so much to think about, to hope and the encouragement I need to finish telling my own story.
 I am a big Michelle Obama fan, so it was fun to read about her life in her own words. (Yes, I know it was co-written, but the writing sounded the way she speaks.) It is an easy and interesting read.
 Extremely informative. I learned so much!  Also incredibly well written.<br/>You will learn so much about life in the White House.
 Whatever side your political vote sways, there’s so much from Mrs Obama that we can learn from. The ability to be kind and steadfast in difficult situations, be yourself in a sea of chaos and misunderstanding and to find hope where darkness lingers. I loved this book for so many reasons and will be gifting this for years to come to college and HS graduates. Thank you mrs Obama for going high when they go low....
 Michelle Obama has such a way with words! This book took me on an emotional roller coaster. I laughed and cried, felt her anger and sorrow as well as her pride and admiration pour from these pages as she recounted various parts of her history. Her "her-story". Her story is truly one of resilience.  Even though I read this on Kindle, I'll be purchasing a hard copy for my personal library. Very inspirational read.
 Book is heartfelt, warm, honest and insightful.  Takes you through from her childhood.<br/>I highly recommend this book.
 Personal touches gave real insight into rewards and drawbacks of being FLOTUS. We are most impressed with her descriptions of her Father and Mother's parenting abilities. Every parent should read this book. Every young person (particularly young women) should read this book. The insight she provides into the President as a man and Father was particularly moving. One of the better books we've read. We highly recommend it.
 I haven't finished the book yet, but it's a beautifully written book; and how could one not love reading about the life of this wonderful human being?!
 As a white male i found this book to be very uplifting for a country that is going through some tough times
 Well written, thoughtful, honest, and earnest. Michelle Obama writes this book in a way that feels like she’s having a conversation with you. I enjoyed the passion she poured into this book.
 I not only understand much more about how government works,I also see much more clearly what we are missing with the current occupant of the Office of the President.<br/><br/>the first time in a
 Well written an a great read. I was also surprised how much I related so personally to the stories even though I come from such a different background.
 Original purchased book for my daughter, than my mom saw it and wanted one.  Guess what she is getting for her birthday on Monday.!!
 OMG. This book is so inspirational!  It is a must-read!  I’m ordering 4 more copies to pass out to friends, telling them to read &amp; pass on to other friends.  If you aren’t my friend yet, do yourself a favor &amp; order one here!
 This was very interesting book. Good book about her life before the White House and during the White House.
 I loved the book....Michelle Obama is one of the most honest person in politics next to her husband. I truly admire her energy<br/>and drive to teach us that all people matter and to always remember that......
 We all have a mission.  It may take a minute to see it. But don't be afraid to follow the many twists and turns, good or different to get there.
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  She was a wonderful First Lady and we miss her. She accomplished a lot in the 8 years.
 The book was extremely insightful into a world otherwise unknown to the public, that is the presidential life. I felt very inspired and uplifted, the book radiates positivity. Very well written couldn't get enough.
 There was a lot of hype about this book.  It was better than any review.  It helped the subject is just a "remarkable woman".  Would recommend without reservation..
 Honest and real.  This was a wonderful incite into not only Michelle, but the family and her relationship with her husband.
 Wonderfully open and honest.  Provides invaluable insight about living as a First Lady in the White House.
 I LOVE this book and it’s encouraging and relatable messages. Mrs. Obama is a POWERHOUSE in her own right.
 Thank you, Mrs. Obama for this wonderful gift of a look into your life.  As an admirer of yours from the beginning, I now feel like a personal friend.  You did such an outstanding job on this book. It is warm, candid and intimate-full of grace and honesty just like you. I will, as they say, "take a page from your book" and stay optimistic during the months to come.
 Reading this makes me wish for the “good old days” of the Obama presidency. Things were so much more sane!
 This book is so good. Michelle Obama is such a classy lady. Love her and what she stands for. Buy the book.
 Captivating book from start to finish. I love her message that we all are good enough. I wish she would change her mind someday and run for office.
 I felt like I was able to walk her journey with her and feel and understand her struggles as a mother and wife. This book was so real and detailed, and allowed me to envision the Obama family’s lives before the Obama Administration and during. She gives me hope and inspires me as a mother and career woman!!!
 Michelle Obama says she won't ever run for president or any office. I think its a shame after reading her life story.
 Such a well written book! It was a great read! I didn't want it to end. SO interesting to read from Mrs. Obama's view and from her childhood to today. Loved it! Would recommend it highly!
 It is such a heartwarming thing to hear on nice this family is. My only wish is the rest of the country would believe in what she says is an absolute truth.
 Awesome Read
 I was thoroughly enthralled in reading this book. There are so many instances where personal memories of family, campaigns and events were brought to the surface eliciting emotions of joy, sadness, hope and inspiration. Thank you for this wonderful walk. Be blessed !
 Terrific insight into what formed the first African American First Lady and a window into the life of a President and his spouse.
 I really enjoyed this book. It was almost like having a conversation with Michelle. She was open and candid. I admire her even more after reading some of the challenges she faced growing up. She is such an intelligent woman.  Highly recommend.
 Reading it makes one wonder, if the author were not a 'famous' person, would the book be equally popular?
 Bought this even after listening to the book on Audible. A must have to read-read and annotate. There are lots of important life lessons within.
 I enjoyed the glimpse into the Obama's lives. The book read as a time capsule, of the first black American President 's family.
 I am happy with this purchase. This book is one of those you go back to and read passages again and again.
 A glimpse into the life of a first lady. I can see why some women can't handle it. Living in a fish bowl where where you are always on display would be hard.
 This book is about her from the get-go.  What an interesting youth she had and how she developed into a well balanced adult.
 She's beautiful inside and out. So miss having the Obama family representing America in the White House.
 If you’re curious, go ahead and click buy! Regardless of political affiliations, Michelle’s life experiences are inspirational, dynamic, and relatable to any hardworking 21st century woman!
 Honest, human, unpretentious!  She is a gracious lady that lives her beliefs. An amazing example of daughter, wife, mother and friend.
 I love the book from beginning to end I cannot pinpoint an particular part because it’s all humane and thoughtful I highly recommended it
 Where is the family now?  How are they adjusting to private life and are the girls in college now? Thanks
 I've started reading it and many of my friends are jealous that I have it already.  I Might Loan it to them ;-).
 Excellent book, worth every penny. Well written and genuine. The whole family has read it.
 it'sinteresting as a point of view I don't often share - being italian, white and privileged. She's absolutely awesome.
 I found this book not only interesting but happy that Mrs. Obama shared her deepest thoughts, and truths.
 And America can be proud of the story she shares. We are all better together and better when going high when "they go low". Thank for sharing with us.
 I got Michelle Obama’s book and I love it!! Great read and I love her honest, grace and intelligence in her book. You will enjoy it!! 😊
 Just received my copy of Becoming! Excited to start reading about Michelle Obama’s incredible new memoir! I love learning about inspiring women and their life journey.
 Michelle Obama's Memoir is amazing.  Her family during her growing up years created an environment where Michelle and her brother could succeed and excel despite the poverty around them.  Reading about Barak Obama's background and rise to the presidency is inspiring.  The Obama's years in the White House are included in Michelle's memoir and are thrilling to read.  This book is inspiring for anyone to read.
 This book is written with the same optimism, Grace and style that define the Obama administration. Always will be missed!
 I loved the fact that in reading this book you felt like you were right there with her.  The amount of detail gave me empathy for her life, her experiences, and how she experienced being the First Lady.
 Wonderfully written story of the highs and lows from Michelle Obama’s life.  I particularly enjoyed the emphasis on her family upbringing and how it has shaped her into who she is today.
 I gave this book to my sister and wife and they loved it!!  The perfect gift to conscience woman........
 I Respect and Admire this Wonderfully amazing FIRST LADY! I have enjoyed her book. Easy read and appreciate her journey!
 As one might expect, this book is written in Michelle Obama’s direct and informative style. She sugarcoats nothing and delivers a readable journey from her childhood on Chicago’s Southside to the White House. A treasure to read. A treasure for our county’s history.
 This is a wonderful book.  What an interesting background Michelle Obama has and she writes beautifully
 This order came when it stated it would and in perfect condition.  They were both gifts and I've heard positive feedback from both parties.
 Getting to know Michelle Obama through this book was a delightful experience. What an honor it is to share in her incredible life. I highly recommend this book to everyone.
 An amazing book by an amazing person. Smart, honest, grounded and human, the First Lady gives a candid account of her life and the responsibilities of public service.
 Book really surprised me on how well written it was. Her life story is remarkable and provides a glimpse into black reality in America.
 First Lady Michelle Obama has a way of grabbing you and make you love her even more! You get a glimpse into what is in the fabric of “her.” I listened to the audible version, it was actually the first time I’ve done that. I purchased it to hear her read it in her voice. That was such a great decision! You will enjoy it.
 I could not put this book down.  Great insight to the Obama family and our most popular First Lady.  A must read for everyone!
 Honestly with the price, I was able to purchase two books for the price of one. Also, a third! The book came in protective packaging.
 This was a spur of the moment gift for my daughter, don't know if she read it yet. I'm always sending her books like this
 Great book for anyone who’s never thought they too would or could succeed. Hard work with perseverance pays off.
 Beautifully written look into the all-demanding role of the family of the President. Michelle Obama left nothing out...I applaud her for that!
 I learned a lot from this book. It's a very educational book and easy reading.  I highly recommend it.
 Feels like you're actually in on a conversation.  Haven't finished it yet, but I'm really enjoying it.
 I like how she brought me from a child up to becoming first lady I love the build up to everything
 This story took me through a range of emotions that had me crying both happy &amp; sad tears. I appreciate this story of one woman making the most of her path &amp; sharing her journey.
 Michelle Obama is an amazing woman.  Her insight and ability to translate that into action is truly inspirational.  I knew about her initiative to improve American children's diets but was unaware of her efforts to improve educational opportunities for girls around the world.
 A riveting story of a young black woman finding her way in life’s ups and downs through puberty, education, friendship, motherhood, volunteerism, family, marriage and career. Regardless of your race or ethnicity, there is a facet of life we all can relate to.<br/><br/>The book details emotions that had me laughing and crying all in the same breath..
 I love Michelle Obama's insight and candor in this amazing look into her experience as the first black FLOTUS. Everyone should read this.
 You will fall in love with the Former First Lady all over again after reading her Memoirs, Becoming!!!
 I loved this book. So frank and honest. Being a fellow Chicagoan she highlighted so many positive things about living in Chicago.
 I never thought I would have anything in common with THE Michelle Obama but her genuineness and  honesty showed me that most of us are very much alike. I've never read a book that invoked so many emotions. I am so grateful to her for sharing her truth and helping us all to face our fears and doubts so we to can become our best selves.
 The price was great for such a good book.
 I personally wouldn't read this but someone at my wifes place of employment ask for the thing during secret Santa.
 Thoroughly enjoyed the whole book.  It’s a really good look into the behind the scenes life of the Obama family.  I’d recommend this book to anyone who would like to know more about Mrs. Obama’s life from childhood on.  Although I am very different than her, I found many common themes between our lives.
 Michelle Obama writes from honestly from the heart and illustrated a life grounded in reality with true caring for children.
 The beginning of the book was a little difficult for me,  The story of her life in the White House was very thorough and we'll written
 Love this book! Read it in one day! I can see why she known as our FOREVER FIRST LADY! Great gift from my mom!
 Michelle writes her story in a beautifully riveting and inspiring way. She continues to amaze. She continues to be a "First Lady" of First Ladies.
 I enjoyed this book immensely.  Mrs. Obama is even more driven than I imagined.  I admire her father for his everyday courage and determination.  It’s no wonder she is the kind of person we all try to be - loving, kind, determined, inclusive, smart and a born leader.  Thank you for sharing your extraordinary life (thus far) with us💕
 I am in the middle of reading Becoming and could not have been happier with this purchase. I believe Michelle does a fantastic job of telling her story.  As someone who has read both of Barack Obama's books, you get another perspective on the Obama's history and understand their relationship better. I recommend this book to everyone.
 Meche tells her story with adorable easiness that makes one become her friend in life. Join her in the shoes of a women that knew her foundation of family. Then fell in love with a special man, and together they became 44.<br/><br/>This is an easy page turning read that draws you in and captures her joy. You will become a better person in know this couple for her heart .
 There was nothing not to like about this book. It was so well written and so entertaining. I loved it!
 I really enjoyed reading this biography.  Obama is an excellent writer and has an interesting story to tell.
 I could not put this book down.  I found it fascinating, very well written and confirmed by believe that Michelle Obama is a women of class, honesty and just a wonderful human.
 Just a really great heartwarming book of a smart, young woman who found herself in extraordinary circumstances and handled it all with grace, humor, and dignity.
 Michelle Obama did a great job at detailing her life and making you fall in love with everything about her.
 Bought this as a gift for my 92 yo mother. She read it through in 3 days, and thoroughly enjoyed it.
 Purchased this book for myself. Getting to know Mrs. Obama while riding the metro to work.
 A very readable story of an incredible women formed by a loving family. It was very uplifting and very moving.
 Michelle Obama exemplifies grace at its best!  Her story is real and comes from her heart.  My hope is that someday we have another First Family who cares about our country as much as the Obamas.
 This is a great read. I learned so much about all of the wonderful projects that Michelle and Barack have worked on and learned so much about where they came from.
 This was amazingly well written and filled with nuggets of hope and inspiration. I have always been a fan of Michelle Obama and am glad she graciously shared her story with us.
 Heartfelt book espousing those values of perseverance, tolerance, effort, and love through personal experiences. Well written, engaging and though personal, this book highlights some universal human feelings, questions, life transitions, and thoughts. All written with the essence of dignity and grace!
 Mrs. Obama--Michelle--shared her unvarnished story.  The book left me churning with ideas and plans to harness my skills, sharpen my abilities, and continue becoming me by living, as Michelle, a life of service despite being--or maybe especially because I am--a middle aged, black, female, immigrant who has felt the painful sting of racism and marginalization, but remains hopeful that our  better nature would prevail.
 This is one of the best books I've ever read.  I recommend it to everyone who enjoys a well written book.
 Great, easy read. Gives great insight into political life, life of First Lady, and raising a family  in The White House. Lovely story of beautiful lady.
 Michelle is my shero!  I'm not really big on memoirs but this book felt right...like getting to know her on another level.
 I feel like what I read became my memories and I lived her life with her. I gained understanding of what life in the white house was like. Her review of her life experiences has helped me think in my own differently. Happy I read this book.
 An excellent read into the life of Michelle Obama and the demands of the presidency and faculty rest family overall. She is an even more inspiring and caring leader than I appreciated before reading this book. Although my life does not mirror hers there are so many points of connection to the kinds of experiences and perceptions she expresses. Sorry the book ended!
 After reading this wonderfully written book I feel even more determined that our country must and will be back to its cooperative state. Yes, there are always differences of opinions but if the politicians can't listen to each other we are doomed. I thank the Obamas for giving us 8 years of being proud to say "I am an American." I still say it but I can't say I am proud of our government at this time.
 A down to earth inside view of what it is like being the first family.  Written by a woman giving her experiences of being a professional, mother, wife, daughter and Minority , double minority woman and black.
 Mrs Obama is a wonderful writer, down to earth and genuine. The story is fascinating. I've laughed and cried.
 The story is amazing.  I laughed.  I cried.  Michelle is certainly human and her story is very relatable.
 I so enjoyed this book.  It was very informative on what is like to live in the White House.  I do miss the Obamas very much, but am glad that Michelle can open her windows if she wants to.
 Michele Obama is smart, articulate and an excellent writer, and her story is really worth the read.
 Love the book hated the shipping. In a soft manila envelope that was only 1/4 sealed and the books corners were damaged.
 and so much more! Thank you for everything you have done for our country and for this wonderful, inspiring book.
 Fabulous and real.  One of the best books I’ve read.  I learned so very much about Barach and Michelle.  Thanks!
 Written with emotion and passion.  This is my second memoir and both take you from humble beginnings to triumph.  An intense and intriguing read.
 Ecxellent
 Love
 The story and life of Michelle Obama is so inspirational. From it, I’m encouraged and reminded that we are all becoming and our journeys are just as beautiful and just as impactful.
 It would be difficult to not admire Michelle Obama.  Her book is inspiring and very enjoyable to read.
 I enjoyed reading about Michelle Obama's life. It have me insights into her as a child and a woman, not just the political side.
 Appreciated the  in-depth tell ing of her story. Warm, funny at times and was at times. Heartfelt and endearing, a rare look inside the spouse of a President
 Love this classy lady. Very funny lady. She is the best of America, a roll model for everyone. Too bad she's too smart to run for president, she would bring class, kindness and respect back to our country.
 I found myself tearing up while reading this book.  I dearly miss the integrity that inhabited the White House for 8 blessed years.
 I chose this rating because it was the most enjoyable reading experience I have had in a very long time.<br/>I would recommend this book to women in all walks of life. It is both encouraging and inspiring.
 Great read but a very slow moving book in the middle and it might take a couple of months to read.
 One of the best autobiographies. All through the book I could feel how her brilliant mind works, her captivating powerful love for people  and their problems and their successes , and her drive to make life better for all people. Couldn't put this book down until I finished it.. A great read!
 Didn’t dislike anything about it. Wonderful book with lots of good lessons for all of us. She did s great job!
 I loved Mobama before reading this; I love her and obama even more AFTER reading this. Love seeing the personal side of her - so honest
 Reading Michelle Obama's book was an interesting, open and revealing experience. She is truly an amazing woman.
 This book is so real and engaging. I feel like I know her as a good friend now.  She was just like me or any other goal oriented, determined yet, family oriented woman.
 So inspired by how open and honest this book is. So blessed to have the opportunity to buy and read this.
 Excellent. I love the acknowledgment of the many bumps on the road in becoming who you are. The nation needs this story and they need the Obamas.
 A wonderful lady, a wonderful family.<br/>This book makes compulsive reading, very hard to put down.<br/>It has sad and happy moments, brings tears to your eyes and then makes you laugh.<br/>A story that sends out hope to those who think there is none, thank you Michelle, you are a lovely person.
 I didn’t want this book to end. A captivating truth from a women who makes all of us want to be better.
 Got the kindle version, great and informative book
 Michelle Obama is a remarkably kind and loving woman, with a determination, intellect and work ethic that enabled her to achieve so much and become a role model for so many. She’s also funny and a good writer!  I find myself wishing I’d read this book in time to catch a speaking engagement. She’s real, and she’s someone I wish I could know personally. An educational, moving, interesting, fun read.
 No matter your political affiliation, this book offers a  candid look at how far we have come in racial equality in America and how far we have yet to go.
 Can't put it down, well written. Reading a little more each day as my special "treat" to myself.
 A Gem<br/><br/>Michelle Obama has written a book that is a gem.  She is honest, thoughtful,  genuine and transparent in her writing.  I recommend this book to everyone, female and male, teen a d adult.
 Wow an awesome Book! I am so glad I purchased it. This is a page turner-a must read! Well worth it!
 A queen. Came in perfect condition.
 Amazing book from cover to cover!!!
 Thank you Michelle for sharing your story.  I enjoyed reading it very much. I've learned from it.
 Love it
 Exactly everything I could have wanted from Michelle. As a young(er) person, I'm inspired. As a mother, I'm comforted. As a woman, I'm strengthened.
 The book was really an eye opener. It also provided me motivation to keep pursing my dream regardless of the obstacles for my non profit foundation.
 Becoming by Michelle Obama is a fantastic read. I could hardly put it down. I was excited to know her story from her point of view. I enthusiastically recommend that not only that you read this book but that you share it with everyone you know.
 Michelle Obama articulates clearly and actively practices what is so cloudy in most people; simply being yourself and recognizing you are good enough; -while lifting up others so they can follow suit. This book is a must read on so many levels.
 Great book from a classy lady.
 Most American women will find a part of themselves in this book, whether it be that education is so powerful, the times women are looked down upon, or the importance of motherhood. Are we good enough?  Yes, we are.
 Michelle Obama is a wonderful writer and history will show her to be one of the greatest First Ladies.
 Ms. Obama honestly tells the story of how she has become one of the most iconic women in my lifetime while showing me how her upbringing, while in some ways completely different, is closely related to my own. I will forever appreciate and respect her and her family for the service they have given to my country.
 This is a really good book she has a way with words interesting life the book itself came in good condition I didn't have a problem with missing pages I checked right away
 I really enjoyed this book.  It has an inspiring message.
 You feel like Michelle Obama is your friendly next door neighbor. Approachable &amp; down to earth.
 this country was incredibly lucky to get a "two-fer" in electing Barack Obama.  You keep "going high" Michelle Obama!
 This was hard to put down and took in such an intimate, personal way. As usual, Michelle Obama is classy and delightful
 I love Michelle and reading about her life was very exciting to me
 I heard Michelle's voice throughout the entire book. Very interesting to travel throughout her life of becoming a model First Lady. I also learned a lot of new words. Miche's vocabulary is amazing!
 I loved this whole book, but particularly the insider look at life in the White House as a family member, not the President. The book gives me hope for the future and for what this country was, and could be again, if Politicians started caring less about their own bank accounts and jobs and more about us. After all, they work for us.
 This was purchased as a Christmas give and I'm hoping my wife likes it. If not, a return will be available.
 Thoughtful memoir of key experiences that built Obama's life so far. I especially liked Part 1, Becoming Me, because I learned more about Michelle Robinson's earliest influences. She has an amazing story and shares her warmth and passion clearly.
 Thank you for sharing your story. You have given a voice to all women. Your story could be part of our own story.
 Is there anything this woman can’t do? She is beautiful, smart, poised, elegant, and now she can write too! I loved the details in this memoir and now I miss the Obamas more than ever.
 Several pages of book were blank, not printed, breaking story line.
 Excellent reading!  Love this book!  Packaged well. Arrived as promised. Great Book. Thank you Michelle Obama!
 I’m a neighbour to the north where most of us like the leader of our country, his wife AND children.
 I bought this book for my daughter and I thought she was going to sleep with it! It is awesome that it comes hardcover. Constructed very well and brand new. Lots of pictures, and well-written! A very easy read.
 A great listen! Even if you read the hardback. Not only does it make me miss her family, she gave me hope that we are all in this together. She sounded strong and ready to weather the storm, so I will do my best to follow her lead.
 I have always respected Michelle Obama. This book reveals her, her life, marriage and years as a First Lady, in a well written and extremely transparent way!
 I loved the book.  Her writing gave me many insights into their lives.  It was very touching at times.
 Michelle Obama narrates a story that only she herself can tell. Written in a strikingly straight forward, honest way, Becoming, is a powerful and insightful narrative as to how she moved through different time periods of her life, highlighting especially her time as the first African American mother and career woman to become First Lady of the United States.
 I liked sing this whole thing through the eyes of the president's partner in life, parenthood, politics.  This is the kind of book I would've written if I lived what she lived.
 It was a delight to read this book. I admire Michelle immensely and her book portrays her class and intelligence.
 All of it
 No surprises. Good for them to advance themselves like that. An easy read. Read it for a book club choice.
 The gift of this story as a “both and” story.  Loved being taken to a range of different worlds, and feeling the evolution and the connection across all than unites us a global citizens.  There is so much we can be and do!  Wonderful message.
 A beautiful recap of the struggles and triumphs of an outstanding woman. I highly recommend this book.
 It was a nice read, but no real substance... disappointing !
 She simultaneously told her story and spoke to my life story in a very compelling way.  I both laughed and cried while reading this book.  I highly recommend this book.
 Strong and beautiful look at an incredible woman’s journey. Her raw and honest perspective was empowering. I loved hearing about all the “behind-the-scenes” things in the White House and what living in the public eye is really like.
 The book was purchased for someone else it was gift and the feedback I have received is that the book is wonderful and they are very please with it.
 This book is absolutely wonderful, not just the content, but how it is written and how relatable it is.  Michelle Obama writes as she speaks - with confidence and humor.  I loved it.
 Inspiring
 Book was excellent. Showed one how hard and involved they were as family and to their agenda
 Love the book the format is very detailed making you feel like your going through the journey with her.
 Best thing I have purchased this year. Its like viewing  the inner workings of a well oiled machine.<br/>Love and miss this amazing FLOTUS.
 It is wonderfully the same as the picture. I'm so glad I was able to get it as soon as possible.
 I was very anxious to read this and so glad I did. I had no idea she did so much as First Lady.  Such a great story.
 Truly enjoyed the book. I love Audible.  Did a lot of traveling over the Holiday season and enjoyed Michelle narration of her book.
 Excellent book.  I bought one copy for myself, and two as gifts.  Proud to add to my library.
 An amazing tale of her journey through her childhood to the White House. An easy read and throughly enjoyable story, her story is one that everyone should read!
 Her brains, her judgment, her patience, her courage!  Get to know her a little.  Read this!
 Love, Love, Love and Love everything about my Idol book. I wish I could give this rating a millon star's.
 First edition.  I gave it to my daughter as I am praying that it will be a collectors edition.
 I joked with my friends that “Whew, Michelle had a lot to talk about!” And “Girl, give me the tea!! Tell me the juicy stuff!” However, in the end she validated what was already known. The Obamas are good, genuine, honest, and hardworking folk who wants only the best for America. Better yet, the world!! Read to the end and be motivated to become a better you!!
 She tells it like it is.  Michelle gives extensive background of growing up and how things progressed to becoming First Lady. She is quite the lady!
 I'm thoroughly enjoying Michelle Obama's book, Becoming.  Down to earth, easy to relate to.
 The book was in nice shape, however the cover was defective.  This book is a keepsake to me and I would like to have another cover.  Thank you for your assistance in this matter.
 Gives you hope there are good, sensible people like her still in this world.  Mrs. Obama makes me proud to be a woman.
 One of my favorite biography /memoir book. I learn the story of a girl became a lady, became a wife, and the first lady of the US. Admittedly, I feel respect for her and her life journey. I can't imagine myself doing every role in a day like her. finishing my day to day work wears me out completely at the end of the day.
 LOVE love love this book!  It is very detailed about Michelle Obama's life,  her first impression meeting Barack Obama, what it was like living in the White House and challenges along the way.  I highly recommend this book.
 Thank you to Michelle Obama for sharing her story! She has set an incredible example. The book reflects her generosity, compassion, intelligence and dignity. Brava!
 I admire Michelle and the book she wrote. It was a page turner for sure!! She is a classy, caring, intelligent, respectful, and beautiful woman. I love what she stands for.
 Michelle gave a great picture of how a person can grow up anywhere and become great by helping others to find their voice. She helps anyone who takes in her message to be brave for the sake of a better world.
 The entire story from childhood to First Lady to the USA... much enjoyed and I recommend that we all take a moment and read her story... Tumbleweed
 Is an amazing book. So little times can you hear the author voice through out the lines and words. With this one you sure can. This what makes Becoming an amazing book.
 With every chapter I learned something new about Mrs. Obama. I read the book as if she was narrating it to me. I can visualize her with every story told. Truly a good read.
 Loved the writing style and over all message of optimism in Michelle’s book.  This book is great for all audiences because the real life characters in her book are so relatable to most Americans - regardless of race or gender.  This book focuses on the demographic in south side Chicago but the problems many families experience and their household dynamics are relatable across the country.
 One always has a unique point of view. My point is so very far remov3d from the authors, but the view to which we look is the same. We look toward respect, justice, educational opportunities, hope for a fruitful life. We understand the necessity for diversity and the wealth it brings. And we see personal growth as universally possible and necessary.
 This book was an enchanting look into the life of an amazing woman. We are all so thankful for her grace and dedication!
 Have a couple of copies as gifts that were much appreciated.  Planning to get a copy for myself as well.
 This book was encouraging and educational.  There is something everyone, especially women can take from it. I learned a lot about our country and how it works in different settings and contexts for different people.
 Michelle Obama has, and will always be, an icon for women of all ages.  I wish I could thank her personally for the honesty and candid nature of the life she's shared with us all.
 I did not vote for Barack Obama but after reading this book, I wish I had. Michelle Obama has a very engaging style in both public and private life. She worked hard for everything she has and cares about much more than just herself. She is a positive force in American life and I hope she keeps a high profile as she continues on her journey to become the best she can be.
 This was Our monthly book club selection. I loved the book. It was easy to read and I not only learned from it, it was just like a friend talking to me.
 What can I say?  A wonderful human being, intelligent, kind, compassionate - it's great to read her thoughts and her story, her struggles and victories.
 Thank you for sharing your heartfelt stories that inspire, chronicle history through the eyes of the untold, and invoke action of all mankind to be better and create more meaning for all beings.
 I truly admire Ms. Obama, so reading about her experiences and insight is an inspiration.
 Written with the grace, style, warmth and intelligence of the Michelle Obama we all had the privilege of knowing during her eight years as first lady of the United States.
 Excellent book. I loved reading about Mrs. Obama’s childhood and her drive to succeed. When it came to the election and first inauguration, I cried with pride and happiness and sorrow at where we are today. What a lovely gracious First Lady we had.
 There aren’t enough words to say what this woman means to me and our country. Hope others follow this path.
 Excellent book...very well written...couldn't put it down.<br/>I laughed and I cried.<br/>Michelle Obama is a classy smart caring woman. Thank you for sharing your amazing life with us.
 Michelle Obama is a fantastic storyteller! This text is engaging and revealing, what a great read!!
 Excellent writing!  Easy to read and hard to put down.  Inspirational!
 A historical book of how people in the White House  make the United States keep running smoothly  an insight to  what life is like in the White House  This is a book that will encourage you  to  want the best for the United States and live together as equals  .
 This gives the reader to walk in Michelle's shoes  letting us see the challenges she faced .  Her positive attitude carries the hope we need for  our future.
 Young people, especially black, should read this encouraging book.  It is heartfelt and very revealing.  You'll learn things about her husband as well.
 This book is so inspiring and informative. I have read about life in the White House but Michelle makes it real and so relatable, which is weird because how many of us can relate to this life? She does it because of her focus on family and relationships.beautiful story of a true American hero in my book.
 Loved this book...such good stories of Michelle growing up &amp; how much her Mother (Marion) was such an influence in her life.
 My Sister’s With Voices book club read this book and we absolutely loved every word. Very enlightening.
 x-mas gift for a friend and it is exactly what I ordered and she loves it!  and we love the Obama's!!!!
 Fascinating writing by inspiring former First Lady who reveals details of her life that touch all our lives.
 I have only read certain things so far. It's a read for rainy days when Christmas is not upon me
 I gave this book a rating of 5 because of the ex excellent narrative, a 'couldn't put down' experience ! I highly recommend this book and have encouraged colleagues,staff and young people the read this biography.
 This is a good book &amp; it comes in handy, My church book club is using it this month as the book of the month
 I liked the chapters on her early life before Barack became president. The chapters when in the White House were a bit boring and self-serving, probably because we already were familiar with the events. Also, we didn't need a big commercial on all she did while she was First Lady. Good writing, though.
 Michelle Obama proves why she is one of the most admired women in the world.  Such an inspiration.
 Michelle Obama is an amazing story-teller! You truly feel like you are there every step of her journey. Her descriptions are so vivid! One of the best autobiographies I’ve ever read! #ForeverFlotus
 Michelle is excellent writer and story teller.<br/>This was not a book intended to be tell all about either party or person,  but instead a book that depicts her life journey to inspire others.
 Michele Obama is a great role model.  I highly recommend this book; it is truly a good book to read and reflect upon.
 This was a well written book and very interesting . I enjoyed learning about her life .
 It makes you yearn for what was and not what we Have now  she is a,classic and will be an asset to the country
 This is a magnificent book I love how she wrote this I'm about to go back in order the audio CD as well😍
 Beautifully written . Great behind the scenes look at one of the most important, influential women of our lifetime
 Loved that it is large print. Purchased for a senior friend who appreciated the fact is was large print.
 I liked Michelle’s honesty, how she was able to take criticism and grow with it, how she loves her family<br/>How she works for good in the most effective way she can. She is so very balanced!
 All my friends are putting themselves on a list to borrow this book, it's the talk of the town!
 Enjoyed reading about Michelle Obama's childhood in Chicago and journey to be the FLOTUS.
 Thrilled with my purchase!
 I bought the book for me,my mom and sister. Great book. Nice to have in your library of books
 A lively and well-written account of the life of one of the most fascinating women in America.
 Got this for my wife....She wouldn't stop reading it. I bet it must be very interesting..I think it's a good buy for women empowerment
 What an incredible human being she is!  She has style, grace and class!  Her story is amazing.
 One of the best books I've read in YEARS!  Engaging from page ONE!  Michelle Obama nails it!
 It was wonderful to be taken along the journey that has been Michelle Obama's life.  In these times especially,  to be reminded of hope,  optimism and the belief that people are inherently good is a special gift.
 Beautiful book and an even more beautiful story. Book was delivered promptly. Thank you Amazon! Will purchase more for gifts.
 This is an early Christmas present for me. Enjoyable to read. Full of interesting information. Michelle draws you right in, makes you feel welcome.
 It is beautifully written,  full of warmth and insight from a beautiful  strong,  compassionate  voice!  I loved every page  but forced myself to read slowly to savor every chapter like a delicious meal!
 I  admired Mrs. Obama as first lady and my admiration grew as I read this book.  She is a role model for all young women  and her accomplishments are great.
 For young girls and all women...here is a voice and a life that truly makes/has made a difference. Highly recommend this read.
 From beginning to end this book has left me pondering so many of my own life choices. From being a strong, independent woman to a mom to eventually a grandmother, what am I saying right now that effects people. What life lessons will I leave behind for my kids... Its good read regardless of politics.
 Please read this book. Well worth your time. What a great insight into the Obama family.
 Michelle offers that unique perspective of the life in politics as a Former First Lady. The highs, the lows and all in between. Really didn’t want this book to end. I enjoyed learning who she was with and without Barack. I miss them!
 I especially enjoyed reading about Ms. Obama's growing up in Chicago.  Having lived there for 25 years, I recognized a lot of the places she talked about.
 I absolutely love this book. Purchasing a few fir gifts.
 Mrs. Obama writes just like she speaks. Powerful, wonderful book.
 I bought this book expecting to be inspired and coached by someone I look up to and admire, particularly as a working mom. I got what I was hoping for, but so much more too. Michelle Obama's book gripped me right from the start, and managed to hold my attention through each of the very different sections. I'd highly recommend this to anyone.
 Got for Christmas. I love the Obama's and admire Michelle, so I look forward to starting this book.
 Best autobiography I have ever read.  Thought provoking, touching, a window into the extraordinary story of our first African American First Lady. Her heart shines through in her stories. She shows her vulnerabilities and resilience and paints a picture of the difficulties and triumphs of principled public service.
 The book is truly an inspiration for all of those who have taken the time to read it.
 Mrs. Obama is a wonderful writer who has lived an interesting life. Strongly recommend.
 In Part 1, I felt as if I was living her life. So many similarities to my midwestern - Detroit- life.  I tell you Michelle wrote exhibited every thought that crossed her mind. Thoroughly Enjoyed Becoming.  Now I guess I’ll take Michelle from my bookshelf and read it too!
 A must read!
 A beautiful account of the conflict women have trying to manage a career, rasie a family and accommodating  a husbands career aspersions.
 It is so refreshing to be reminded of the intellectual content and moral tone we were lucky enough to experience as a nation. It’s a lovely and easy read. It’s not a “can’t  put it down” book, but it gives great insight to the daily intensity and responsibilities that go with the job.
 I'm really enjoying Mrs. Obama's Book on "Becoming Michelle Obama"  - a very good read.
 I really liked this book. It was as if Mrs. Obama was speaking to me as I read her words. Very well written .
 This book lightened my soul and renew my faith in politics. She is a beautiful person. And so much common ground. I wish she would consider a go at President.
 Fantastic read, I really understand why she’ll always be referenced as our forever first lady
 An inspiring look at an amazing journey.  Michelle Obama makes you feel like she is sitting directly across from you and telling you this story.  Very well written and emotional.  I laughed and I cried.  I miss her more than I can say.
 Great read! I really enjoyed this book. It’s a great story about a wonderful family.
 I have both listened to the audio book and read the ebook. Michelle Obama’s voice comes through loud and clear...she shares her story and her journey like a friend talking to another friend. Her warmth, her no BS attitude, her steely determination, her brilliance and her unique yet universal POV provide hope, strength, wisdom and light just when we need it most as women, as humans.
 A fantastic read. Love, love the glossy pictures and all the truths I can relate to.
 It brought back memories: good and bad.  As a woman, never be told you are less and remember your vote matters.
 I was hanging on every word from start to finish...I just love Michelle is more now!
 This book is wonderfully written, encouraging, a must read for all, especially in the african-american culture..  no one can hold you back unless you let them.
 I am not a fan of biographies, but Becoming reads like a personal conversation with Michelle. It was delightful, painful, and uplifting.
 Wonderful and well written book!  Received quickly and packaged appropriately!  Hardback book.
 Beautifully written, compelling storytelling, transparent and inspiring. She shares very openly about her life, childhood, and what it's like to live in the White House. Such a deeply ethical person.
 Didn’t think I could like or respect her any more. I was wrong. She writes eloquently and simply about her journey, and her message is clear-we are always evolving, growing, and learning.
 Love this Book. Great, transparent, honest and forth-coming. I purchased the Audio-Book. Loved it...
 This book was highly readable, interesting and instructive. Michelle’s humanity and intellect shine.
 I found the book to be very interesting and informative. She has lived an honorable life and she is someone for all young girls to look up to.  Learning about her early life was very interesting and tells a lot about who she is. I would highly recommend this book and I will probably read it again!
 The journey of an amazing intellect who achieved so many things for herself and our country. I found tears of joy as well as regret springing to my eyes often. It is reassuring to know that her awesome work is not finished even though it, regrettably, will not be in the White House.
 Loved Michelle Obama's life story and how she came from meager means, as many of us.  But I must admit that her last chapter was I believe the most profound of all others. I have admired the Obama's from afar as they became the first in many ways that will only enhance their tenure.
 Michelle Obama is a very excellent writer. Her story of Becoming is written with sensitivity and much candor. I enjoyed her passion for helping young women realize their potential. She takes you through her journey of becoming in a very personal manner. I truly enjoyed the ride!!!
 Such a beautiful autobiography.  It keeps<br/>my interest going. It is a very good read.
 Nothing damaged turned out the book itself is brand new and not tossed and bent around while being shipped.
 The book was an honest look at michelles whole life. I loved the last half best of all. The best years are still ahead.
 My admiration for this woman has grown the more I read her story. Page turner from the beginning.
 Thoughtful, well written by a beloved First Lady.  Politics aside, every man, woman and teen should read this book.  Her insights give me hope that our future is not lost, we must forge on.
 Gave them a as a gift,no way will ups I want to read it.I have an intense dislike for her
 Started reading this book. It is absolutely awesome!!
 Being a woman should never be regarded as being second rate.  Making sure to vote is the best way to get started.
 Reassuring, hopeful, increased my admiration for President Obama
 This was part of my wife's holiday gifts.  She adores everything about our former first lady.
 Great book, an eye opener, well written, I really enjoyed reading this. I learned a lot.
 Michelle’s backstory sheds so much light on who she is and how she became a graceful, inspiring and memorable FLOTUS. This book is a wonderful gift to her daughters and all women everywhere. She reveals her honesty, moral character, strength and vulnerability in an engaging first person dialogue.
 I love the former First Lady and I am always looking for momentoes to keep the Obama's in the forefront of my memory and to pass on to my children.
 Not only is this book inspirational, Michelle Obama is just so GD honest! Especially for a book from a semi-political figure, it almost comes as a shock.  Couldn't recommend this book highly enough.
 Excellent read. An outstanding book by Michelle Obama!
 This book is everything and more.  One of the few books that lives up to or exceeds its hype!
 I love the way this book reads as if Michelle Obama is chatting with the reader. She has an incredibly interesting life story and she tells her story with humor, poignancy, and honesty. A great read.
 It is well written. It is easily readable from the app I don't have to stop reading when theres low lifht if reading a regular book or use a book light
 Awesome book! I’m still reading though. But so far not disappointed. The intricate details of her life and what has shaped her. How the experiences of life can make you who you are and using experiences for good things. Well written, love it
 This book was very well written. The audiobook was excellent as well with Michelle reading it herself. I have a new understanding of her and her family, her background and their sacrifices. It was inspiring!
 An excellent storyteller and personal historian, Mrs. Obama's sharing of her beginnings that shaped her future destiny is thoughtful, humorous, direct.  She truly draws the reader into her life...no hold barred! Mostly, her thought provoking statements can be regarded as quotes that will go down in history.  A great read, too hard to put down.
 After reading this book I feel that Mrs Obama and I have so many core values in common.  I also feel inspired to be more activist in my own community.  Highly recommend this book.
 Great book - really enjoyed reading it.  It arrived promptly and in perfect condition.
 Great book but I early order and 1 day after it came out there was a 30% discount!  Not fair’bb
 Loved learning things from Michelle’s point of view!  Makes you think about where we are as a nation when it comes to diversity and opportunities or lack there of.
 If memoir is your favorite genre, then this should be on your list. One of my favorite parts was about the big cats on the lawn of the White House. That was hilarious!  That got me going.
 I really enjoyed this story of Michelle's life and how she grew to be the person she is.
 I loved this book. Her writing style is easy and transports you to Southside Chicago, Princeton, on the campaign trail and the White House. I felt a connection with her immediately. Her love story continues as does my hope for the future.<br/>I highly recommend it!
 and grace. Our country was blessed with you as First Lady. You are an example to all of us as we move through our own lives.
 Becoming is an amazing book! Its honest, heartfelt, inspiring, courageous, etc. There are really no words to fully explain how this book makes you feel when reading it. I would recommend it to everyone.
 Thoughtful, inspiring and felt very honest.
 What a great book! I didn’t want her story to end. Michelle Obama’s life is quintessentially an American one and I truly miss this remarkable family.
 Wonderful to read about a intelligent and gracious person.  Book came on time in very good condition.
 Honest &amp; identifiable to ALL those with even one hardworking, dependable, grounded parent; Also tremendously familiar to those with “real” authentic, working class 60’s (Michelle’s parents) and 2000’s (Michelle &amp; Barack themselves) black parents who wanted the best for their children &amp; sacrifice to make that happen.
 I would recommend this book to everyone! It should be required reading! I loved the book, wish it didn't have to end. I now love her more than I already did!
 A very good read. I gave them out as Christmas presents this year to all the high school and college family members.
 this is an excellent audio CD book product to be used for recreational purposes.
 I so enjoyed the honesty and heartfelt messages Michelle Obama shared in this book. I take away a heart full of gratitude for all their administration accomplished and hope for tomorrow.
 Easy to read, an attention getter, and a very informative play by play of being the First Lady and what it took to get there!
 Perfection! My idol and role model up close and personal! Love it to pieces!
 In these sad times, it is eloquently hopeful.  Well written, generously spirited.
 I am disappointed that my copy seems to have been rushed for delivery.  Of the first one hundred pages, fourteen of them are blank!<br/>I am enjoying the content, but not the quality of the printing.
 Fascinating account of a woman’s journey through life from south side of Chicago to First Lady and beyond. Wonderful true story.
 I really enjoyed reading about Michelle's life and what shaped her and gave her strength.
 This isn't really about politics completely. It is also about hard work and what happens when you are passionate about what you are doing
 This book was an easy read.  I enjoyed hearing about her life from an early age.  I have recommended this book to several people and gave copies to family members for Christmas.
 This is an inspiring and thoughtful memoir which I thoroughly enjoyed.  I didn't want it to end! The inside look at Michelle Obama's early life and time in the White House makes one realize how much thought and planning went into each aspect of her life.  I look forward to much more good work from her, whether I ever hear about it or not.  She is energizing!
 Very informative about their life’s and what Michele is like.  Very easy read and enjoyable
 This book is simply incredible. I was already a fan of Michelle Obama before reading Becoming. Now I have to say that I admire her even more. What a great human being. An example and inspiration.
 This book is relatable on so many levels. Her writing style brings you into the moment, so that you can feel and see everything. Amazing read!
 I enjoyed every bit of this memoir. Michelle Obama’s thoughtful, forthright and often funny telling of her life from childhood, (when she decked a neighborhood bully being a favorite) through her relationship with Barack and the intense WH years,from HER perspective, made for a wonderful read I won’t forget.
 Great book! Such honest dialogue and insight into Michelle's life. I would recommend this book whole -heartedly.
 The story is inspiring, intriguing and challenging at the same time! I love it!
 I would definitely recommend reading this book . I usually don't like memoirs but this one held my attention.  I  learned a lot about her family and the workings of the  white house
 Loved this book!!
 My book club picked this book for our December read. Everyone enjoyed this selection. We all highly recommend this book.
 A wonderful review of Michelle’s life. Easy to read and professionally presented
 I loved this book! It gave me an inside look at Michelle &amp; Barack Obama. I learned so much more than I thought I knew about them, sweet &amp; funny things, as well as how hard they worked for the American people!
 It’s only 3 days into 2019, but I can confidently say that this will be one of my favorite books of the year (if not #1). This book is beautiful, poignant, and wonderfully optimistic. It reaffirmed my hope that the world is full of great people and goodness can prevail. Michelle Obama is one of the greatest. :)
 An open and honest look at what life entails on the journey to the White House and the running of it in a modern world.  Thank you God for letting me experience America under the Obama Presidency.
 Well written. Michelle is a very interesting person and she gave an open and honest history of her life so far.
 Loved this book.  Ha e been waiting for the release and the boot was everything I had hoped of.
 I loved hearing about her parents and parenting in general. And great to hear a different perspective than my own.
 Loving all the shared experiences of her life story...highly articulate lady!!
 In this time of and spite and negative politics, Micelle O'Bama still goes high.  Please be kind to one another.
 Reading this book was like having conversation with Michelle Obama. Miss them'
 Pleasure reading.
 This wasn't exactly the book I was hoping for or expecting...and I loved it.  Michelle Obama tells HER story and it's wonderfully done.
 Great book that makes it seem like you are having a conversation with Michelle
 Purchased this for myself as a Bday gift and for a friend of mine. Can't wait to read it!
 Thank you Mrs. Obama for telling us your story. I could actually hear you speaking while reading your words. I can't wait to see what happens in the next chapter of your life.
 Easy Read. Awesome look in this incredible woman’s life and family. Every person should read it. Couldn’t put it down
 An inspiring read which will help take you through the dark times we are now living. This book has the ability to make you smile and make you cry.
 I didn’t know what to expect from this memoir and I finish it nothing but impressed, inspired, and respectful of The Obama’s!
 Glad to receive book promptly, so I could read before the holidays.  Excellent book, and provided great holiday conversation.
 Loved reading this and seeing photos. Michelle is an eloquent writer and thoughtful, honest reporter of her “becoming”.  I love that she shares her vulnerable moments along with her triumphs.
 I was so happy to get this book. Just started reading and love it , the photos make you smile.
 A very mesmeric and intimate memoir. Michelle’s writing style instantly drew me - I was hooked from start to finish. I had many feels as she summed up her life with honest emotions. I also completely gushed with admiration as she recapped how she met Barack and how their relationship blossomed. My love for Michelle was deep but now it’s really deep! My Forever FLOTUS &lt;3
 I didn’t want this book to end. Just as I hated to see the Obama presidency end. Thank you Mrs. Obama for sharing your inspiring story. And thank you for being our First Lady and representing our country with such elegance, class and love. I can not recommend this book enough, no matter your political leanings. Mrs. Obama’s words are much needed in our world today.
 This book gives one a very good idea about what it's like to be the family living in the White House.  I enjoyed  Mrs. Obama's back story, it really explains a lot about how she conducts herself and how she takes care of her family.  Very good read!
 as always michelle obama is just brilliant. Light reading I finished this book in less than a week. God I miss the obamas
 Awesome First Lady, Awesome book. Thanks for opening up to us.
 Ong so wonderful! The audible version is narrated by Michelle which was a pleasant surprise. I'm enjoying her story very much
 I'm enjoying reading it. I haven't gotten to far in the book to give a honest review.
 This was well written and interesting to read! I was surprised by how much I liked it!  An eye opening view in to a world I will never know!
 Very interesting and intruging . Good read for everyone. She really was transparent.
 Nice read. Loves it. So I bought for my co-workers for Christmas absolutely loves it.
 Awesome Book!  Easily my best read in a long time! Mrs. Obama really lets you take a look inside of her life.  Awesome!
 Genuine, honest account of Mrs. Obama's life.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book
 Such a great memoir of a leading First Lady. Her genuine style and honesty is commendable. Such a great read!
 Such a good read! Very enjoyable, she's so down to earth and true. Really enjoyed reading this book. I definitely recommend!
 Down to earth and inspiring!  Wow the perspective from someone who has been there in the White House and able to put it into words so we can picture it in our minds.
 Lovely book about the life of an extraordinary woman. A genuine role model with high values and standards.
 Great read, easy flow to read and break<br/><br/>Learned at lot more about my First Lady.
 The things that happiness are made of. Michelle Obama is a shining example of Virtue and Character.
 Even though I am a quarter of the way through the book, on what I have read so far, this book is outstanding.  I will continue to read until completed.
 Loved the book , the Obamas are both so down to earth and kind and caring people.
 What a phenomenal look at someone in the public eye.  I always liked her,  but after reading her book I'm in awe of her as well.
 Priceless book!
 Thank you Michelle for modeling for me to go high!  Great book.  You are a classic.
 Incite full look into the Obama Presidency.  I was glad to learn more about their beginnings and how they became the people they are.
 I just love Mrs Obama just wanted to have her book because she was the most beautiful First Lady we had
 Loved the book. It was so open and I understand much more of why Mrs Obama was perceived as she was!
 I have not started reading Becoming as yet. I know that I am going to love it.
 I love our former First Lady. She pulls no punches and she speaks her truth.
 My mom really wanted this book for Christmas. This was the only book she asked for. If only I captured her face when she opened it on Christmas!
 This book was like sitting down with her with a cup of coffee and having a casual conversation.  Her “voice” shone through....clear, frank, and heartwarming.
 Great book<br/>I always thought Michelle was amazing, now I know all the reasons why I was correct.
 FLOTUS Michelle really gave us an insight into her life. This is a great read!
 A very powerful nod to all women to be "the best" that they can be.  Thank you Mrs. Obama.
 Outstanding!  This is a topic of discussion as I attempt to read while traveling, in airports and on airplanes.
 Great book didn't read it, but when my wife was I got some peace and quiet.
 I already loved Michelle Obama as our First Lady...and her book reinforced that sentiment. Wow. Talk about an amazing life story, and with class, a little sass, and hard work. A must read!!!
 Wife loved it.
 If you miss the compassion, intelligence, and classiness of Michelle Obama on our nation’s stage, you will love this book.
 Absolutely lived this book.  Have even more admiration for Mrs Obama.  She wrote a very engaging memoir.
 There is nothing disliked about this book. Oh my goodness I am taking my time to enjoy every page!
 Reading this book and learning how Michelle has  lived her life has  been wonderful.<br/><br/>The candor and sharing what she has experienced is remarkable and will provide me with much food for thought.<br/><br/>It makes me wish I could meet her and will keep thinking  of  what she shared with us.
 I got it for a friend and she love it
 I gave this book to my friend for her 70 th birthday. She really liked it.
 Your story is well told and we'll written. I cried, I laughed, I sighed and saw everything as if watching a movie. Hint, hint. You are amazing. Your husband is amazing. Your children are blessed.  The world was a better place with you both in the White House. God help us all now.<br/>Plenty love and respect from Jamaica!
 I “inhaled” this book in less than two days. I could not put it down. It felt like a personal letter or conversation with a friend.
 Michelle is personable and real. Throughout the book she opens her life to us and shares as a close friend would. She makes me believe that it is possible for good people to achieve the highest office in our political system. This book gives me hope.
 Christmas present for my daughter.  She loves it.  I will be reading it also.  Have to share with mommy.  What I read so far online is great!
 Delivery on time and excellent book!!!
 I was moved and spellbound by this s book.  It w a s thought provoking and educating. We all have a story to tell!!!!
 Our Former FLOTUS Michelle Obama did an excellent job of letting us into her private moments, she was honest and vulnerable and powerful. I really enjoyed reading it, learning and reliving some of her accomplishments.  We are better as a result of having her in the White House for 8 years, I loved going down memory lane with her.
 I started reading the book &amp; didn't want to put it down.  I was truly amazed of her memory of events of her youth &amp; early life.  She gave us insight to her as a child, young lady, a strong black woman with her own opinions &amp; a wife &amp; mother.  A class act. Full of Grace &amp;  compassion for others.
 Every girl should read this book. Anyone who doubts his:her abilities should also read this book. What an amazing woman!!
 Compelling stories and well written.
 Becoming is a great read and is very encouraging for everyone who ever have doubts about their place in the world.  I highly recommend this book to all readers!!!
 As I read I was struck by how ordinary many things in her life were while achieving extraordinary things.  An emotionally affecting book.
 Daughter requested for Christmas, glad I found it being it is sold out where ever I go.
 Beautiful book bought the hard back. Came fast. Got it for my mom for Xmas. Hope she liked it! 👌🏾
 Well written!  There are great parenting and life lessons here for everyone.  Would not be surprised to see an Obama woman as President.
 I highly recommend this book to anyone.  Political views aside, it’s an excellent book which provides greater insight into the dynamic woman that Michelle Obama has become.  I found it very interesting to read, a real page turner.  Mrs. Obama comes across as a very genuine and down to earth woman.
 Interesting! It was great to find out who our FLOTUS is just as Michelle.
 Michelle Obama is a special lady!  It was great to learn about her background and her strong ethical values.
 Easy read and good writing. I learned more about her and her husband. I sometimes thought her falsely modest
 An inspiring book for all to read.  Mrs. Obama gives a personal insight to what it means for an individual to "become" a person that give back to self, family and others.  I believe that all young adults (girls and boys) should read this book.
 Extremely well written and easy to read - almost like listening to a fascinating story teller! Loved it and I tell everyone that they have to read it! It is sooooo good!
 I really enjoyed this book. Such an intimate look into Michelle's life from Euclid Avenue to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Well done!
 Such a great read! Loved every minute of it! Michelle Obama is honest, funny and endearing while also motivating and encouraging.
 Very much enjoyed an American success story; even the First Lady gracefully addressing the slings and arrows
 Mrs Obama is a gifted writer. I loved the first person vs third person. Yeah for MICHELLE O!
 As usual, Michelle Obama was able to make me cry and laugh intermittently by her graceful and wise outlook on life.
 Beautifully written, very honest account by Michelle regarding her varied trials and experiences becoming 1st lady.
 Great book. Michelle was very candid and honest. I appreciated her stories and it motivated me to keep pushing no matter the circumstances.
 Beautiful, honest, touching and encouraging. First Lady Michelle Obama's compassion for humanity shines from every page. A wonderful read, and a glimpse into the behind the scenes of our country's most powerful office.
 I really liked her honesty about all aspects of her life.  Her dedication to her children as well America’s children is admirable.  She was a great First Lady.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the read. My respect for Mrs. Obama has only grown. I don’t believe (as. Caucasian) that we have come to terms with our role in the oppression of others. Michele is an excellent role model.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book, Well written and engaging, I felt sincerity behind the words and laughed, cried and learned so much along the way. Above all I felt inspired by her story - recommend to all!
 Nice crochet work.  Looks very pretty for the table that I put it on.  Perfect size!
 Great Christmas gift for all the women in my life!  They loved the gift.
 Well written heartfelt memoir from a bright, warm, funny, dedicated woman who has made it her life’s work to “go high”.
 I  went into reading this book open minded &amp; desiring to learn good &amp; bad details about the Obama White House life &amp; the adventure getting there. I appreciated her vulnerability &amp; her ability to report her journey genuinely.  It gave me hope that things will work out even in today’s ugly political climate! She did our name proud!!
 My mom loves the Obamas and this was the perfect Xmas gift.  Large print so she can easily read it without her magnifying glass.
 I enjoyed the book.  As the first AA first lady,  her experience was like no other.  It was wonderful to read about her honest opinion and insight. It also tells the experience of many women who lives are thrown off to support the dreams of their spouses.
 Our book club chose this book for this month's reading.  We find it compelling to read and inspirational.  'So happy<br/>Michelle wrote this book!
 Received as promised by the seller.  Proving to be a good read from a beloved former FLOTUS
 Mrs. Obama is a class act, reading this book gives me hope for this tattered nation
 Enjoyable and informative reading.
 A good read about a fantastic woman. Michelle Obama is a role model for all girls.
 Simply amazing story for anyone of any gender, race, or political affiliation. Mrs. Obama’s words will inspire you as a parent, American, and humanitarian. It is a must read
 Well written book about an astounding woman's journey. It's personable, relatable, and funny.
 this was a gift and the women i got it for loves it and was very happy to get it
 I was torn between reading this book quickly or savoring it slowly. The conversational tone created an intimacy that invited me to linger. I am so grateful to have this look at Michelle Obama’s journey, and wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone who could use a reminder of what hope and integrity look like.
 Wonderful!
 Great book for women AND men!  I love stories of people overcoming adversity and excelling.
 The book was well written, and straight forward.  I liked that it told the story with stirring interest without any vulgarity, etc.  that some feel must be used in order to hold the interest of the reader.  I laughed at the humor, felt pity at some points and felt romance as I read.
 Read in two days, good read, real life, you should read this, you will be surprised!
 Amazing, well written, and a wonderfully informative narrative biography that made me feel there aren't so many difference between people as many folks seem to be intent on proclaiming these  days.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Ms Obama has done an incredible job of making her life open and clear to everyone.  I thank her for sharing so much.
 I'm loving this book so much.  Inspires me to write about my own life.
 This is a wonderful enlightening book...<br/>highly recommend reading
 Fantastic lady and lovely book!<br/>Missing the Obama Administration... sooo much!  Add her to list of excellent First Ladies<br/>of our United States!  Recommend this book!
 Very  inspiring and hopeful.  Remarkable legacy. Please read! I would recommend to all Americans and those interested in American history.
 Sadly the copy I received had every few pages blank or lightly printed. I didn't know this as I gave it as a gift and it was opened after my return date. It makes it impossible to read :(
 Loved it!  If you’re a student, a sister, a wife, a mother or a compassionate human being, you will find this book relatable and inspirational.
 I liked that it seemed like she was talking not writing a book. Great insight to a great lady.
 Great "story," very well written, and interesting read.  I honestly didn't know much about Michelle Obama or her background before I started.  If you can find, I highly recommend listening to the audiobook version that she narrates herself.
 It's a book on a topic I wanted to read about that I selected; nothing to dislike here.
 Michelle Obama is an eloquent writer whose words make you feel like you’re having a conversation with her herself. A great read and an inspiration to do whatever you can to better other peoples lives.
 EVERYONE should read this. I gave it to my 12 year old granddaughter.
 It is one of the best-sellers. I find it very interesting and well-writen.
 She has always seemed so approachable.  This book just confirmed that
 Forthright, compelling, a story everyone can relate to. Good insight into life in the White House and how the Obama family adapted.
 I was already impressed with Michelle Obama but now I'm blow away by her openess, her empathy, her optimism. Simply stated - this is a remarkable book.
 What a wonderful story of an amazing, smart, caring, passionate very real woman.  Inspirational and hopeful message for all, but especially young women.
 I absolutely loved this book!  The Obamas are a great team!  I am an old woman and am so grateful to have lived long enough  to have seen  Barack as President and Michelle as First Lady.
 Totally a page turner! What a voice! She should be required reading! My mom read her copy of Michelle’s book in a matter of days! I am sending my best friend a copy...and thank you for filling in the blanks for me
 Mrs Obama makes me yearn even more for the hope, dignity and  inspiration she and her family brought to Washington and our nation. Now, I mourn every day for what’s lost.
 I would like to thank you for letting us in , sharing your life.  Your optimism, strength, and encouragement, are the wonderful graces your parents gave you. Your family, and your children's, children, will gave wonderful values to live up to.  Becoming ,is a book, I will recommend.<br/>Lora M.
 Gave as gift to several friends. All have enjoyed Mrs. Obama’s story as well as the quality of flyer writing.
 This sincere, heartfelt book gives us a peek into the extraordinary life of the Obamas, and how they came from modest backgrounds to be the President and First Lady.
 An honest and very well written read.  Admire this lady a great deal.
 I love her perspective on her time in the WH. Her childhood story was quite similar to mine, so I took time reflecting on that and making parallel connects to my life today and my journey, as well as those who said I would not be successful. Thank you, First Lady, for your words.
 This is a great book, I have recommended it to all I’m in contact with Her life story is told so well by her, It gives one hope that<br/>That when you read it, It humbles you, Makes you think about<br/>Our yet racially devided country, and feels the shame of it.
 Beautifully written...and opportunity to get to know our Forever Flotus up close and personal.  This is a page turner.  My favorite buy of 2018!
 Thoroughly enjoying this book!
 Binge read it in a week. Before the White House its more interesting. It shows how you can change the world if you are a leader wherever you come from. Followed his further steps. She's so charismatic😀
 This book was a great read. It was poignant and made me cry multiple times. I loved it so much I bought a 2nd copy to give away.
 It was wonderful getting to know more about the Obamas.  I loved it!
 Michelle Obama rocks. And she writes well too! I really enjoyed it.
 I am inspired and uplifted by this honest and authentic story of Michelle Obama’s evolving journey. It is a personal look at her life that creates room for you to identify with her and take a personal look at your story and be emboldened to find more of your voice as you become.
 What a wonderful, well written. It is very down to earth. Great read
 “Becoming” was exactly what I thought it would be. Beautifully written, rich in both detail and honesty and a rare glimpse into the lives of the Obamas.  I enjoyed it immensely and recommend it to all readers
 My wife is enjoying the book.
 I got this for my mother who had stopped reading. she couldn't put it down.
 So well written . Gives a real inside look at Michelle and Barack Obama.  I always thought she was a special first lady, this book confirms it. She is an inspiration.
 This is a MUST READ for everyone. Very inspiring. I wish I could give this a million stars.
 Love the flow of the book. An up close and personal with the former FLOTUS
 I think MO is a beautiful smart woman .  I am enjoying reading her book.
 Exactly what my daughter wanted
 Great book! Love how intimate it is, how she speaks so candidly. I also love how she breaks it down into 3 parts; Becoming Me, Becoming Us, Becoming More. Very inspirational as well!
 Not sure how she considered herself as a working class person, considering she got quite a lot of money. Good education at top schools, career attorney, first lady?
 Love her story.
 One of the most honest piece I have ever came across. Amazing!
 This woman's story is amazing. About halfway through so far. Certainly worth the time. I'd grab a copy if you can.
 I'm enjoying reading about Michele Obama's life story. She's such a great role model. This book is worth reading!
 Great read. Everyone should read it. I loved the way she became the woman she wanted to be. Bravo to .Michelle for being so authentic<br/>.
 Beautifully written.  Very inspirational.  A must read.
 Beautiful honesty will make you laugh, cry and love her even more!
 It was a wonderful insight into her life. Loved it. Even went online to find the videos she mentioned. I'd vote for her in the next presidential election.
 The insight, honesty, and openness of Michelle Obama is a delight to read!  I had a hard time putting the book down and have thought about what she said often.
 Well worth the wait. Mrs. Obama, you made me laugh, cry, scream and dance. I felt like I was truly watching Michelle grow up and become everything she was meant to be. This book is everything! Get your copy now!
 Read both Laura Bush and Michelle Obama’s books.  As an avid reader, I enjoyed both and without saying, admire each of these First Ladies.  The country has benefited from each of their initiatives. They did not asked for the First Lady job but performed it with grace, kindness and love for the country and their families.  God love them.
 I love how Mrs. Obama takes you through her family's personal and political journey. To the Obama Family - A job well done!
 You feel the emotion behind the words. Mrs. Obama takes you on the journey with her and gives you those ah-ha moments. Excellent
 You feel that she is sitting across from you and speaking to you.
 Amazing!!!! This work will indeed resurrect hope, build bridges, and give many the lift needed to relentlessly BECOME.  Day by day, moment by moment with each breath until the very last one. This is what this work has meant to me! WOW!
 Wonderfully insighful never boring honest contemplative. Great history. Written by  true American who dearly loved our country. Michelle was the most open true to life Flocus ever
 Priceless read.  Greatest add to my first edition collection.  Definitely a keeper.
 Amazing buy!!!  This person has a WONDERFUL story to share with the world.
 My sister and I each gave this book as Christmas gifts to each other! Most important voice for women, mothers, wives, leaders, girls of the 21st century!
 Love it!! Packaged safely and was the perfect Christmas present!! Shipping took about 2.5 weeks but not a huge deal to me because it got to me before Christmas.
 The narration is amazing, easy to follow, and makes you wish Michelle would be a president.
 Love her and hubby
 A wonderful story about the life of a gracious woman who earned the respect of the American people. Mrs. Obama took on an enormous task as the first African American firstlady. She did so with complete dignity and made us proud. Wonderful read.
 wonderful,. Can’t say enough about how much I enjoyed this book.
 Awesome!  I felt as if I personally knew Michelle.  It's a must buy.  The book arrived as planned.
 I  enjoyed the book tremendously, but resent having to  fill out a review in order to  exit  the book so I can load another to read.
 Michelle Obama (my “Forever First Lady”) wrote such an amazing, inspiring book. It’s refreshing to know that she had some of the same fears and struggles that so many of us do. “Becoming” is beautifully written with so much courage, vulnerability, and humor. Best book of 2018, indeed!
 On some of the pages there was ink spots some words.
 I enjoyed the first part of the book immensely. Michele Obama's background and upbringing was very interesting. It is  worth reading to get a glimpse of her values, her education, her challenges and her truth. She is a wonderful example of a wife, mother, and intelligent human being.
 This memoir read more like a novel.  It also showed M. Obama's grit, her strength, and her savvy.  As a woman in a powerful position she is very much also a woman just like all of us and I found her to be very relatable through her book.  She is also as seen through her background and to where she has traveled through life very inspiring.
 Will I Be Good Enough? - She is so much more and the book reflects it!
 This book is everything I hoped for and much more.  Mrs. Obama's storytelling is raw, honest, jarring, insightful, vibrant, hopeful and inspiring.  Major kudos to her for delivering this special gem to the world!
 Perfect book! I added it to my collection and also order one for my mother.
 I bought this as a preorder and came in pristine condition- a present for mom and I love it
 So far I love the book. I can hear Michelle reading it to me. A very talented writer in my opinion.
 I was never into politics and probably never will be, but The First Lady has shown that even in the midst of being in power. One can remain humble, can move gracefully, have compassion for others. This book can help anyone appreciate where they and and realize you don't have to stay there.
 You can’t go wrong with Michelle
 So inspirational!
 I enjoyed this book. It brought back memories of better times. It was interesting reading Michelle Obama’s view of her family’s days in the White House.
 This book was amazing..A story about the first lady and her the footprints of her life before during and after her husband Mr. President Obama.  I loved her journey and all she accomplished for her and others.
 Love it! such a wonderful well written book.
 Thank you Mrs Obama. Becoming is refreshing, and authentic. I loved it! Keep on Becoming. I look forward to what you do next.<br/>#MAXGreatness<br/><br/>SCoakley
 I am speechless. I was moved to laughter, tears and moments of breath holding as I journeyed with Michelle Obama as she was Becoming. Thank you for giving one more part of yourself to us.
 While reading Becoming it's as if I were sitting down with Michelle and hearing her tell her story.  I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  It's well-written and entertaining.
 This book was a Christmas gift  and they loved it, about to order my own book.
 Rushed to publication, needed one more draft to tidy it up perfectly
 Well written and hopeful. I couldn't put it down.  Thank you, Michelle Obama,for sharing your story with us. Very inspiring.
 Well written, and book was in new condition.  Ordered 4 and gave 3 as Xmas gifts.
 I can’t put the book down. From the beginning keeping my attention. I also purchased 3 as gifts. This is definitely a great read!
 My wife listens to it every time she is in the car, She loves it.
 Absolutely the BEST!!! I could not put it down!!!!<br/>Loved it from cover to cover!!! Michelle Obama’s grace of dignity were all hers long before she entered the White House
 I give it 5 stars even though is not the best literarily work art. But Michelle Obama invite us to go through her journey hand by hand, always wanting us to read more about her in its many roles. I recommend it to anyone who believes in change, the power of being one self and ultimately whomever believes in hope.
 Michelle Obama's book is well written and interesting to read.
 Wonderful book by Michele Obama. Very real, very well written.
 I love this book and the Obamas. Thank you for writing your story with dignity, grace and strength. You are an inspiration for us all. I hope we can get back on track.
 Please read this book.  It is worthwhile. Amazon requires a certain number of words for reviews.  It's a biography and it's wonderful.
 Gift: fought over and loved. Winner promised to share her copy.
 Such a wonderful peek into an amazing woman we can all look up to, I truly enjoyed reading this book.  It was inspiring, though provoking and motivating.
 More than a political auto-biography, this book clearly was written from the heart and projects an honesty most rare in today's political reality.
 A simply AMAZING read! Full of tough realities and continued optimism even in the face of hate against her family and her very existence. There will NEVER be a better First Lady or First Family  representing the ideals of this country in the White House.
 LOVED This Book! Mrs Obama is an excellent Writer! I literally had to remind myself that this was not a Novel, but a Memoir!
 I bought this book as a person who does not read many books. But every night I look forward to coming home just so I can take a trip into Michelle's world before I go to sleep. The book is extremely well-written, funny, inspiring, and most of all, endearing. Michelle makes me want to be a better student, parent, and just a better person overall.
 Well written. It flows and includes some very interesting topics. Style is pretty lean.
 Very interesting and entertaining autobiography. Very easy to read.
 Very well told autobiography. A little slow reading at times.
 purchased for my grandma as a christmas present. she is going to love it
 Becoming is a joy to read, informative look into Michelle Obama's early, middle and later life. Just about halfway done and can't stop reading!
 In the process of finishing up reading of this Book and one of the BEST EVER!!!
 Michelle’s story is real. She is clear, direct and tells it right.
 Fascinating read, from childhood to leaving the White House this is well thought out and well written memoir. Easy to see why it has become a bestseller.
 Wonderful story and telling of what it’s like to be in public service. Loved all the personal stories,the issues she raises about work, family,community. And all with dignity.
 Michelle Robinson Obama's powerful autobiography captures the multiple aspects of her personal, professional, familial journey from the South Side of Chicago to the White House.Extremely readable and relatable, this book inspires and encourages reliance on self, family, community to achieve ones goals.
 Michelle Obama tells the story of her life so beautifully. It had me laughing and crying and saying “awwww!”. I loved it!
 One of the best books I’ve read!
 Great book from one of the classiest and smart women on earth
 A MUST read!  A lighthearted, down-to-earth narrative that will make you smile and empower you.
 I loved Michelle's courage and strength. Having the courage to stand tall shows young, middle aged, and older generations that you can succeed in anything you set your mind too and achieve your goals.
 One of the best books I have read recently. Very well written and it’s very interesting and captivating
 Liked all of it!  Southside of Chicago to the White house and normal again!!
 Loved this book. Insightful and honest. I laughed and cried and did not want it to end. Hoping for a sequel in a few years!
 Interesting and great to understand her upbringing and life in the White House. Amazing person, who persisted in her goals.
 I was expecting much more. It is a good book, starts really good and then is always the same.
 This book was so good! I’m glad I made the decision to purchase it. Michelle gives you an inside look at what living as First Lady is really like. It made me appreciate the Obama’s even more!
 Michelle Obama writes as she speaks; clearly and with sensitivity and humor.  A great read about a very special lady.
 Well done. Interesting story. Flows well. Lots of details. Love the perspective.
 Well written...insightful.....shows a different side of this so called angry black woman that she is a woman with a strong voice
 It is a good look at what it takes to be the First Family, and their journey to get there.
 The book is a real page turner!  You won't want to put it down.
 Very good.  But it's Michelle, so how could it be otherwise?
 Public service is something to admire when it’s honest and true, when there’s that inspiration to really help people. This book is a sample of that.
 My wife loved it. It's perfect!
 So relatable. A real page turner. Very insightful, a must-read!!!
 Well written!  Inspiring.  This book was simply amazing.  I strongly recommend it.  Michelle Obama is an inspiration to women all around the world!!
 #EverythingMO.  She is so hot right now. This book is perfectly timed.
 This book was enjoyable to read. While Michelle has had experiences  that most of us will never have, at the end of the day, she is just like so many of us. This makes the book very relatable.
 came in a timely manner...…. still reading it.. interesting
 Beginning of book very interesting and then I lost interest
 Michelle Obama takes you on her life's journey. This journey brings on many things pride inspiration and the knowledge that you too can achieve if you are willing to put in the work
 Loved it. Too short.  I  could have read another 100 pages.
 i felt like i knew her after reading. very honest and revealing.
 purchased this book for some of my elders and it is completely understood why its the #1 book in the country. great job to the former first lady!!
 a very uplifting book about a most charming lady. Her story is the America  story I know
 My respect has grown for Michele Obama even more. She tells an inspirational story. It instills hope. She makes me want to be a better person. I would recommend this book to everyone
 Dust cover is all scratched up and dirty finger prints on pages. I don’t believe this is a new book. I’m sure the book is wonderful and can’t wait to read it.
 I basically smiled while reading the book, especially during the sections "Becoming Us" AND "Becoming More." Just so much class and what an inspiring women she is!
 I enjoyed reading of Michelle's school days and her work as a young woman. Her experience as First Lady is very moving. Thank you Michelle for sharing your story.
 Of course this book is nothing short of amazing just like Michelle is
 interesting  and informative.
 Well written, down to Earth look into the lives of Michelle and Barrack. I thoroughly enjoyed reading about their lives from childhood through the years in the White House.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book, Knowing where Mrs Obama came from made me apreciate her more. She is a lady who is very  much to be admired.
 I am really missing the Obama’s more than ever. It reads like a conversation with Michelle Obama.
 Awesome read
 Having this wonderful, heartfelt book in a Kindle version allowed me to read in the car while we were driving to and from Florida. Being able to read "in the dark" is such a neat benefit that many people don't think of when considering this format. Plus, it's less expensive than paperback/hardback.
 Not only is Michelle Obama an inspiration and leading example of strength and altruism, she is so relatable! I thoroughly enjoyed her book and cannot wait to see what she does next.
 There’s a reason this is on the BEST SELLER list. An amazing story told my an amazing woman. I didn’t think I could possibly love her any more than I already did.
 This book is an easy read, but carries a wonderful message that all of us need in today’s world. I recommend it to young and old; black, brown and white; liberal and conservative; Republican and Democrat. At the bottom it’s a good story about an interesting person who has something to say.
 Becoming is an awesome read that all young adults, especially young urban high schoolers who believe that all odds are stacked against them, must read. Michelle Obama rose above all adversities to rise to the top. She is a very poised and classy woman in a league of her own!
 I'm doing a slow read on this book so I can enjoy all the parts.
 Mother in law loved this book and read it within two days.
 Nice auto biography of Michelle Obama life from childhood to FLOTUS!
 She is an amazing woman and roll model. This book is well thought out and executed for an interesting read. Should be on all teens reading list as it is very inspiring what can be accomplished with hard work.
 As if my obsession with Michelle Obama was bad enough, this book took it to a whole other level. I loved it so much I read it in 4 days! She’s an extremely wonderful person and incredibly articulate, witty author. Such a great read, and I’ll recommend it 1,000 times over.
 I just got my book this evening and I'm very excited to start reading it. I purchased the hardcover because I want it to last for many years to come and pass it on to my family and friends. I will write another review after I've finished reading.
 A beautifully written and revealing read. I have given this as a gift.
 It felt like we were best friends with her writings. So raw and real. Can’t wait to see her soon at Becoming concert
 I purchased as gift, so I'm sure the avid reader will enjoy this one.
 Honest, funny and news making. I REALLY enjoyed the read.
 Great story telling, enjoyable reading..highly recommend!
 Very happy
 5 starts just because.  I love Michelle Obama.  My forever first lady.  A woman i look up too.  I have my own copy but i purchased this book as a Christmas gift so i know the recipient will love it.
 I liked Michelle's openness and honestly about her life growing up, family relationships, fears and concerns about becoming a mother, and her every day challenges in early years of marriage.
 I found this book a great read and we'll written! I also do not understand why people need to review with such mean spirit and hate! I l love the Obamas and will buy this book for my sister.
 The rating of this book is above a five for me.  The journey beautifully illustrates the navigation one can take to achieve their dreams.
 Gave as a gift and got a really big smile upon delivery.
 Wonderful memoir! So well written - I was captivated from the first page.
 This piece lacks depth and emotion.  Very disappointing.
 I bought 2 of these for Christmas gifts and they were a huge hit!!
 A very human portrayal of one of our most beautiful first ladies.
 I absolutely loved this autobiography by Michelle Obama.  I couldn't put this book down. There is so much emotion that I can relate to. I laughed and cried with her.  An amazing book by an amazing lady. I would recommend this to everyone.
 I loved readying and learning more about this powerful couple!
 Authentic, heartfelt, thorough, honest. We listened/read the Audible Kindle combination which I highly recommend. I appreciate that it was read by the author. I expect I’ll read it again.
 Great read!
 Former FLOTUS Michelle Obama did an excellent job laying out her background and her very real journey juggling her career, family life, and the demands of being in the public eye.
 I enjoyed Michelle's story. It was inspiring to see the successful journey she and her family lived. I loved the familial  strength, the partnership and love I found in this book.
 I'm almost done reading this book and it is excellent. It is a great read.
 Mrs. Obama wrote well in a way that made reading approachable by many levels of readers.  We can all learn more about our government, leaders, and the vision of hope the Obamas projected through it all by reading this book.  Thanks to the Obamas, we had a glimpse into how a presidential family can add dignity and grace to American leadership.  Thank you.
 Exactly what I ordered for a great price and quick delivery...
 Was super excited after seeing multiple interviews to get it in my hands.  Purchased some extras as gifts and one to pay it forward for a share as long as it keeps being passed on.
 I love this book because it's so reminiscent of their presidency and of the high class that she and Barack epitomize!  She is truly an amazing, yet down-to-earth person!
 Thank you for sharing. I appreciate the insight  and inspiration you provide with your story. Thank you for being a wonderful First Lady. I hope you and  your family continue to enjoy all life has to offer.  Thank you for your service and for Becoming!
 Loved this book. It was so much better than I was expecting.
 I gave this to my Mom for Christmas and she could not put it down!!
 What's not to love?  Beautiful book, outstanding woman.
 I gave this book the highest rating possible. Wonderful, inspiring, excitement, sad, enlightening. I so wish I could have met you. What an inspiration to young and old girls and women. To bad the Trump family didn't take a few pages of yours and President Obama from this book. Best First Family ever! Thank you.
 I have not read it yet. Set for January cold and snowy days with a nice cup of coffee.
 Because I love this couple I had to read their book it very interesting I can relate to some of it
 A great read . I recommend it . I was also given the hard cover as a gift will add to book shelf .
 What can I say about this book? It’s everything I hoped for and more. A must read.
 Just the most positive person ever. I love this family.
 I ordered this book in audible and in book form and I also got it for Christmas...lol, it is a great read I’m glad I got the one for Christmas because I can pass that one on the book is inspiring uplifting humorous and insightful I would recommend it to everybody.
 I loved the entire book...learning of her time in Chicago growing up, her education, her career and then helping to boost the political career of her husband...all done with grace and integrity. SO missing in today's world.
 Loved the book, well written, personal, honest and accessible.
 The sharing of Michelle's private life was an honor.  I highly recommend this book if you want an insite to life in the political world (be it ever so ugly and glamorous at the same time). Thank you Michelle for giving us so much of your life.
 This should be required reading for women and girls of all ages. Michelle Obama brings a message of hope for us all that intelligent and open-minded men will appreciate as well.
 This is one of the top books I have ever read.  I so much enjoyed reading about  the family n all the little things that mean so much to  them.  It made me laugh at times and then have me crying at other times.  I would recommend this to anyone. It tells about life as it really is.  I Thank Michelle Obama for sharing her life n family with us.
 This book is a page turner: i just couldn't put iy down.  What would Michelle do next?  There are many paths to the white house and her story is so compelling.
 This book made a wonderful Christmas gift for my mother. She loves it!
 I'm only half way through, but this book is both encouraging and intriguing
 I was so excited to receive this book. It arrived in excellent condition.
 Beautiful book!
 Got it as part of a gift for my mom and she loves it!
 This book was great. My in-laws are from Chicago and know the streets that are discussed in the book.  The book is easy to read and gives her perspective to all that was going on while first Lady. It gives girls of color a shero to  follow.
 I  chose to read this book based a several factors -namely because Michelle Obama is the first African American First Lady,additional the book was on Oprah Winfrey Book club's reading list,and finally because it made the Best Sellers list. An excellent account of her time in the White House. Sometimes funny.,sometimes sad but always truthful.
 A fascinating book with much insight ... still reading and savoring.
 Love this book. every time I start reading I'm reminded of times I spent with my grandparents as a child and the unconditional love I felt. Maybe I'm biased because of my LOVE of everything Obama. I purchased two copies and gave one as a gift this past Christmas.
 The product was in good condition.  It contains the story of a famous American woman.
 Wonderful book by wonderful woman. Great for Christmas gifting too.
 This book is wonderful, it reminded me of all the progress that has been made. And how hope can change a nation.
 First Lady Michelle Obama you are a true inspiration to all women.
 It was very well written and gave me an opportunity to get to know this very bright family women and her family. It also showed how well she and the family handled living under a VERY BIG SPOTLIGHT
 Product though slightly damaged is usable. We will give as gifts.<br/><br/>Thank you!
 I was sent this book as a kindle gift by a friend.. I could not download it and am now buying it .. this is the second time that a gift from amazon for my kindle has been lost to me !!!!
 My 14 year old daughter loved it! What a great gift.
 I’m missing some pages in my book... I need a replacement ASAP
 Very interesting book with some insights to her life!
 This should be required reading in every jr high school. It tells children that they have the ability to become whatever they want regardless of their situation in life, whether a child of privilege or poverty if they have the desire to work for a better life.
 I love this book and and was mailed out pretty fast.
 Great purchase
 I loved how Mrs. Obama brought to life not only the power of the first lady but the reality of the struggles as well as trimphs.
 Excellent book well written by the most fabulous lady.
 Speedy delivery..informative...great read
 Excellent.  Very well written.  Interesting.  Kind of long though.
 If you didn't already love Michelle Obama before reading this, you just might after you get to know her better. She is smart, classy, articulate, brave, and genuine.
 Loved this book. I was a fan of the Obamas from the start, and this book just confirms my view of who they are as people.  Worth the read even if you didn't agree with them politically.
 A fascinating look into the American Presidency and those who live it. Michelle Obama shares her thoughts and experiences with her readers as though we are her best friends.  I loved this aspect of the book.<br/>.
 A Christmas gift for my wife.  She loves this book.
 Very well written open honest in depth coverage to our nations First Lady.
 This is, by far, one of the best boys I've ever read. Kudos to Mrs Obama.
 Gave it to my friend on Christmas and she loved it.
 This was well written  and very interesting  and a heart warming story. I enjoyed learning more about Michelle and her family.
 Really great - I don't go in for books about famous people, but this one was an amazing read.
 What a beautiful testament to hope and grace.<br/>Her writing is clean, powerful and personal.<br/>Highly recommended as a very human and real chronicle of the Obama years.
 What a fascinating lady and what a fascinating look inside “life in the White House.” I also highly recommend this book to any mother who has raised children while also persuading her own career.
 We - my wife and I - miss the Obamas more every day.
 I did enjoy the history of Michelle Obama related to her childhood. You can clearly see the relationship between her upbringing and her choices as an adult
 As a personal and inspirational read, "BECOMING" has served the purpose well!
 She's an awesome author. Loved reading about her life.
 I couldn't put this down. Michelle is a great story teller with a rare perspective. The book is a great reminder of who America really is.
 Well written, engaging, humorous, nice selection of photos.
 Michelle Obama gives us a glimpse into her life growing up in the south side of Chicago all the way to her time as FLOTUS.<br/>It is a wonderful, interesting story and a book that I just couldn't put down.
 It is an inspiring book for young people. It does not matter where you come from if you work hard and get an education. You can fulfill your dream
 A work of art!  May Michelle Obama’s legacy live on - I look forward to what lies ahead for her!
 I absolutely love this book. I couldn’t put it down after I started reading it. Michelle Obama lets you into her life and world with this book. Highly<br/>Recommended!
 Received slightly damaged.  The cover and corners were crushed.
 First lady knows how to write to capture your interest.
 This is a warm and understandable story of the life and emotions of a normal girl who grew into an exceptional woman.
 Haven’t had a chance to read but I’m sure it’s great
 I would recommend this to everyone has wants to understand how a true American feels. Wish more of us could be so positive and humane in our hearts
 She's all that, and so is her story, go read it!!
 A wonderful book!  It's only 2 years later that I realize how much the country has lost in its leadership . . . really sad situation for the U.S.
 I found it very interesting to hear about where Michelle came from. Interesting to hear some of her thoughts on what is going on now in the White House.
 Beautiful book. Looks so pretty in person. My grandma was ranting and raving how bad she wanted this for christmas and it came in a week before. So happy. Our family loves Michelle :)
 Easily in the top 3 Books of the Year! Awesome. Insightful. Well written.
 Such a valuable book! Definitely a lot to learn from a great woman like Mrs Obama
 A very thorough book. Very detailed both of her childhood and her college and law school years. On to her years as First Lady—and a good one she was!
 In impressive insider look into life as a first lady.
 I recommend this book to everyone who loved the Obamas and wants to know more about their lives and behind the scenes reality of those eight great years.
 Honest and true; warn and profound. I loved every word, and savored the continuing helpfulness exuded from it. What a fabulous intellect, heart and soul!
 My daughter in law was delighted to receive this for Christmas as she had heard so many good reviews.  I hope to borrow it later
 Loved reading this book.
 I feel like I've gotten to know Michelle Obama as a friend while reading about her life. Her optimism and compassion and work ethic are inspiring and make me wonder how I can be better.
 Loved learning about life as experinced by Michelle Obama.  Well written, compelling stories.  Couldn’t put it down!
 I loved Michelle Obama before I read this book, and I now love her so much more!  What an amazing life story, and what a remarkable woman.  This book certainly has me evaluating my own life and has really stimulated some deep thought!
 Extraordinary novel. Great read and will be cherished for years to come.
 Poignant , powerful, beautifully written, and inspiring beyond words! What class and elegance! Thank you Mrs. Obama for sharing your husband, your children and your life with us!
 Brilliant look into the intimte life of this ordinary and extraordinary woman, her life, family, career, and public life. Inspiring, witty...great read!
 It isn't a book to rush trough.  It is interesting.
 I purchased this for a friend and I heard it was great so I purchased the audible version for myself
 This book is so amazing....could not stop reading.
 What can I say...it’s my forever First Lady!!  Beautifully scripted!!
 What a good read!  You don’t have to be a FLOTUS, woman, mother tonget into a lot of what feels legitimately shared here.
 Excellent book. Well written. Fascinating woman
 Purchased this to exchange at a white elephant. The best gift to bestow. She's the best❤
 An amazing story of Mrs Obama. From childhood to the White House, beautifully written and interesting life this woman has lead. Even if you don’t agree with the politics, she has lead an interesting life
 It was an incredible close up of a woman who shares her voice and life story that any of us can be ordinary with an extraordinary life.
 Amazing book, could not put it down! A must read for all!
 Christmas gift for someone who still reads hardcopy.
 She is  thoughtful and a good story teller.<br/>You feel as though you really get to know her.<br/>Highly recommend it.
 With this outstanding book, Michele Obama tells her remarkable story,
 It was a great read. Lots of wonderful nuggets!
 I loved this book!
 Loved this book. Enjoyed hearing how she grew up and progressed through college to marry Barack Obama and become the first African-American first lady.
 Michelle Obama is a wonderful writer, I loved the book and was sad when it was over.  A very fast read!
 Best book I have read so far. Michelle Obama has truly touched my heart and I'm sure inspired many.<br/>Highly recommend BECOMING!!!
 Excellent read. Michelle gets personal and let’s you into her world. Very well written. I felt a part of it.
 Buenas tardes no me llego este producto aún
 Wonderfully inspiring book. Highly recommend to read no matter what your political beliefs are or who you may have voted for.
 Great book about a great lady! Purchased for my mom for Christmas!
 Beautifully  written.  Wonderful to relive history through her eyes.
 An absolutely fantastic read!  I loved the writing style and really enjoyed the book!  On of the best books I have read!
 It was a great book with a lot but f insight into political life
 Very intimate and beautiful story.  I would love to meet her. Wonderful story.
 An excellent elaborate look into the 1st Lady's life.
 The detail of her life and experiences can be felt as I read! She is very transparent and honest!
 Very enlightening story of the Obama’s lifestyle leading up to his Presidency.
 Beautiful, well written book. A life of love, honor &amp; kindness!!
 Great read.  Very honest book with nice photos too.
 I absolutely love this book and believe anyone who has ever felt disconnected should read this. It’s very interesting and helpful. Quite reflective.
 Large print option was nice for older parent.
 Michelle Obama is a role model, a force and a great American  .  She inspired and honestly gives you a window into the true workings of the White House.
 Got it for my mom and she loves it. Says it's really good
 I absolutely loved the e-book.  I truly enjoyed listening to my First Lady story in her own words.  I had so many emotions reading her inspirational story.  It'll make you angry at the treatment she received by some, laugh, cry, motivate, encourage, and inspire you beyond your imagination.  Thank you First Lady Michelle Obama....You Rock!!!
 This was an awesome read, gave me an eye opening perspective to her life as a women, wife, mother and First Lady.
 What a wonderful read...what an amazing subject!
 I really enjoyed this book. It was insightful, interesting, and relatable. I found so many life situations similar to my own.
 Is a great close up to the live of the best presidential family we have had. Its a great motivation for women and young people to believe in their dreams and to keep believing in our country even in those dark times that we are going through. We will unite and united we will rise, together as one, as the United estates of America .
 Kept me up many nights as I could not put it down
 I enjoyed from beginning to end, great woman.
 I liked that she told her story in her own words with dignity and with the utmost authenticity.  Such sn awesome well-written book!
 Received as promised and would buy again from seller.
 This book gives us a better understanding of what Michelle Obama's priorities were not only as a first lady but throughout her life. Even if you are not a fan of theirs, the humanity of this book will soften your views. For those of us who supported this first family it brings hope and strengthens our belief in our democracy.
 The book was compassionate showing good characteristics of all the people she came in contact with good to see  the-journey of an average American into leadership of our country
 I haven't read it yet, but my sister cried when I gave it to her so it's already a success.
 Remarkable woman and so inspiring. Loved it!
 interestingly everyone in our family gave this book to someone for Christmas., was a great group read on Christmas Day
 Was a hard book to put down. Michelle Obama is so down to earth.  She's "one of us"!  Interesting content.  Very enjoyable to read how a 1st family lives in the White House.
 I’m missing 2 pages ...page 52 and 53!
 The first book I ever bought online and it's amazing, I got for my wife for Christmas and she loves it, which led to me buying one other book as well. Thanks Amazon.
 It was given as a present, and the person loves it !
 This book was the best one I have ever read.
 LOVE this book -- it's like she's sitting in your living room with you talking!!  Regardless of party affiliation,  this is a great read!!!
 A very insightful look into Michelle Obama from her childhood in Chicago, all her accomplishments and as the first black First Lady.  Her journey was powerfully revealed to the reader.  What a role model, mentor and activist for America’s families, especially our children.  Didn’t want it to end!!
 Every black woman should read this book it tells you a lot about the former First lady you did not know
 Love this book. I can read it again and again!!
 Michelle Obama writes a detailed and candid story of her life that it juicy and interesting to read. She is so optimistic at the end that I was uplifted and left hopeful once again.
 Michelle Obama is such an amazing lady. And after reading this book it just made me respect her more. I was sad when I finished it.
 Amazing book by an amazing woman! Such a class act!
 I loved this book. Flotus is candid and surprisingly detailed about life both her upbringing and her time in the White House. She’s inspiring and relatable.
 Well written and great read!!
 An inspirational book. Left me feeling hopeful during these difficult,  two sided America times.  She I miss her as First Lady
 It was really good! She is to be admired, she knows what is important, she appreciates what she has, she is humble and thankful to those who propped her up to help her succeed. Very honest and open.
 I loved this book. Well written from the heart
 A very insightful, positive book.  Not political - just personal. Loved it.  Can’t wait for 44 to write his memoirs.
 I like Michelle's mother.  I liked the fact that Michelle knew who she was and although she had occasional  doubts, she reached her educational goals and defied being told Princeton was not for her.
 Wonderful read by an amazing lady. Loved having her insight to her and Barack’s life together. They are s loving couple. Miss them
 A an honest look into the soul of a remarkable woman and all of us.  I hope you enjoy it as much as I have.
 This book was is inspiring to me in my 80s as I'm sure it is for  teenagers. It reminded me of the joys of helping others and making a difference. How lucky we were to have had Michelle as  our first lady.
 Arrived in good condition.  All was great.
 Everyone should read Michelle's book. Her attitude is inspiring.
 Her life is a good example of the American dream.  I was impressed with how well she adapted to every stage of life.
 Wonderful book.  Wonderful woman.
 Quite an inspiring autobiography from our first lady.
 Every person needs to read this book. It is very inspiring.
 This 1st lady is a brilliant writer. A must read!
 Well written and an honest portrait.
 Unfortunately a group of about a dozen pages were all stuck together. Pages had to be cut to read.  Poor quality.!!
 I found this book hard to put down...This was a very interesting story.
 It got me on my wifes good side
 one of the best books I have ever mentally consumed
 Loved the book, read every page where I thought I would skim thru it.
 Great book.  I enjoyed every minute of it.  She is so down to earth.
 Excellent reading. Very insightful and well as educating.
 Awesome first lady and she has a awesome story
 💕
 Beautifully written book. What a joy to read. They are a true example of a first family.
 Wonderful reading easy to read loved the book
 I don't dislike anything.  I have not finished reading it, but I love it so far.
 Loved learning more about the Presidency.
 This was such an easy read and wonderful Herstory. I highly recommend it. The honesty that Michelle Obama shares in this book is very insightful.
 This was such a well written accounting of the former first lady’s life. It was a joy to read it and a pleasure to learn a little more about her.
 It was exactly what I expected...loved it
 I love it and so did everyone I gave it to.
 It is.  Mrs. Obama writes in a beautiful way, she brings one into her fine thinking.  A wonderful novel.
 Her story was so good that I read it in a day...
 This book is wonderful!
 I love Michelle, and glad to read her life story.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read. So informative and from the heart!! Thanks for writing this!
 I am so happy that I chose this book to start reading again. Empowering and lifting. I could not put it down
 Wonderfully written account of Michelle's thoughts before, during and after being FLOTUS!
 Book was very relatable. and an interesting read.  I love it.
 Love the book,love Michelle Obama, Great read
 I loved reading this book.  Michelle is so down to earth and has such class.  It is a book written from her heart--easy to read.
 Love this First Lady! Looking forward to reading her book!
 A wonderful memoir about a wonderful family.  Only in America will you find a powerful, can-do, story that highlights the promise and opportunities that exist in this country.  It also shows how we grow, adapt, and change and that life and living bring us opportunities and the opportunities allow us to Become.
 The story of Michelle Obama is inspirational. What I liked the most, apart from her life story, was the way she narrates her whole life and the enrichment of the vocabulary.
 I loved this book By Mrs. Obama. She went into detail about her childhood all the way up to the present. She had a great since of humor and down to earth spirit throughout the entire book. I would highly recommend this book to anyone. It is worth the money!
 I bought this book for my sister and she loved it.
 Loved the candid, open and endearing details of her journey of becoming.  Michelle is still becoming more than she can imagine now....I feel HER best is yet to come.  Love her more than I already did after reading her beautiful words.
 NOTHING to dislike!!!!! Wonderful book and so well written!
 Inspirational look into a great woman's life!
 This book gives truly fascinating insights into the world of politics. Michelle is also a remarkable woman and a real trailblazer in her own right in so many ways.
 Loved everything about this book. It's amazing
 Everyone should read this book, she is a beautiful example of how every human should think and behave.
 One of the best books I've ever read.  Beautifully written!
 Such a great read, wonderfully written. Definitely recommend it.
 Read it in 5 days,  couldn't stop!!  Michelle Obama is a fascinating woman!
 I have only read the first few chapters but it kept my attention well
 Love the book...actually read the beginning then switched to the end and then the middle.  She is one fantastic women.
 Will update as I process but so far loves it
 Well written, very descriptive language.  What a interesting life, a must read.
 She gave me renewed hope for our future, by sharing her past in an open honest accounting of her amazing journey.
 Mrs. Obama opened her heart and let everyone in with this magnificent book. I admire her courage for how much she shared, especially after 8 gruelling under the microscope.
 I hated to put down the book. It kept me very involved.  I would definitely recommend it to my family and friends.
 Can’t wait to read this book. Great reviews.
 He read it in two days so it must have been good.
 Excellent and interesting writing. Michelle Obama's dignity, grace, and specially her intelligence and sensitivity are all well reflected in this biography.
 It’s a book written by Michelle Obama - of course I love it!!!!
 Thanks for a large print version of this wonderful book. Enjoy!
 Haven’t finished reading it yet. However, so far a great and MUST read book!
 I liked it all.  The Obama’s are awesome people.  It is great to live in a country where lower class people with hard work, determination and God’s guidance can succeed.
 Michelle is such an inspiration! Loved the book!
 Amazing book! Can't put it down, I got the hard and audible for when I'm driving. She's so inspiring.
 30 yr old daughter loves it, I don't but it's her thought that coubts.
 I had pre-ordered Michelle Obama's book Becoming for my Mother but it didn't arrive when expected so I requested a replacement and of course it arrived the next day....along with the replacement.  I decided to keep both books.  So glad I did.  An excellent read.
 Well written, held my interest. An insight to the life of a First Lady.
 She  truly did so much for all. Color or anything mater. Never judged. I so adore this marvelous beautiful lady.
 arrived in new condition. very happy with purchase!
 So well written and so hard to put down. I have always admired and respected Mrs. Obama. Those feelings are strengthen even more after reading this amazing book.
 Michelle Obama provides a detailed description of her life and family, weaving in social and historical perspectives.
 I loved this book.  I loved the honesty of it most of all!
 I purchased the Book as a Gift to my Wife.
 A refreshing, open and honest look at the upbringing of the former First Lady.  I appreciated her candor, especially about President Trump.
 The perfect read, especially in the midst of the current political crisis. Michelle Obama is touching and determined! She is so relatable, even as a white woman, 25 years younger, who grew up in suburbia I felt so often that we were kindred spirits while reading!
 Bought it for my wife and she loved it
 One of my all time favorite books.  So down to earth and real.
 This is a look at a real person's private life that we could compare to our own. It shows how an optimistic, hardworking person can achieve success and make the world a better place.
 Well written personal story.  As an American I am proud of our past first lady and hope to see more of her in these troubled times.
 I liked this book,  showed what a lovely, classy woman is.
 Interesting book. The inside view of the life of the Michelle as first lady.
 Love the book. Love her! Well written!
 Awesome
 Excellent book. I was so glad to get Mrs. Obama's perspective on life during the Presidency. I simply love her.
 Nothing but the best from the First Lady. She is just truly amazing and this books just seals the deal. Good read. A book that has something to give and something to take away with.
 Loved it. Made me love Michelle even more!
 We are reading this book in our book club. Every woman should read this book! I bought several for family and friends for Christmas!!
 Michelle Obama writes a book that captures so beautifully the importance of vision in everyday life while being in a leadership position.  Thank you for all your insight.
 Inspiring and a wonderful account of personal triumph and difficulty. A must read for all people. Loved it, bravo Michelle!
 Wonderful book by Michelle Obama! Such an amazing and insightful memoir of her life! Encourage everyone who cares about our country to read this book!
 This book is great.  It gives you a real insight into how she became who she is.  She is a role model for all.  The best first lady ever! !!!
 Wonderful book!  So interesting to learn about the role of First Lady and the challenges of raising young children in the White House. Mrs. Obama is an amazing woman.
 Great First Lady. Her life was so ordinary and yet she accomplished so much. I especially related to being a working mom and supportive wife.
 It was a easy, interesting read. I rarely read biographies of people who are living, but I’m glad I read this book. There were several times I was brought to tears. Really brought you a deeper understanding of how smart, determined and caring their entire family is.
 , I was amazed by the honesty, warmth, and detail of a lifetime lived by this amazing woman! We're there certain events that I would have loved to hear more about? But all that is in this book shows a consideration and dignity of all those around her, whether family, friends,or foes. Awesome, Michelle!😄👌
 Everyone enjoyed receiving this gift.
 Great story teller and story. Outstanding publication
 The first 3/4 were the most interesting.
 A great story from an inspirational woman. I was disappointed that the sharp edges seemed a little dull. It was a little fluffy for my taste, but good overall.
 Great read, a must have. Motivation inspiration.
 It was at times repetitive but provide a whole new aspect to what it takes to be the a First Lady
 Good writing, good subject but not a real page turner.
 Fantastic classy lady, learned a lot
 I enjoyed reading about Michelle Obama’s story with refreshing honesty and authenticity. Her book  s a reminder of the importance to be yourself and speak your truth.
 Bestseller!!!! Praise to this beautiful queen 🙌
 really was able to see the real Michelle Obama through her own perspective and was overjoyed to read it<br/>it will be read a few more times I'm sure
 One of my favorite reads. She’s a great writer.
 THE BOOK WAS WONDERFUL!! We LOVE it!!!!
 A wonderful glimpse of how history was made and the individuals path to the White House
 Honest and refreshing - an incredibly well written account of a long and complicated journey. Especially loved the insight into life pre-White House days.
 THIS IS A GREAT READ<br/>VERY INFORMATIVE<br/>LOOKING FORWARD TO THE NEXT ONE!!!
 Well written and still being enjoyed.
 Excellent. One of my favorite modern women.
 Love it
 Hearing her story of Becoming was not all new to me, but wonderfully put together and most interesting.
 Enjoyed reading about her childhood and family life.
 It’s Michelle O! What more can I say !!!! Great book!
 I am relate to her. Great storyline. Believable. Honest. Forthright.
 Beautifully written about a beautiful First Lady.
 Surprisingly personal. Very detailed.
 Every woman should own this book. What an awesome classy Lady.
 Great read!  I recommend this book and this seller to everyone!
 This book was pretty inspiring. Mrs. Obama showed us how the investment in a child’s life can have an astounding impact on that child’s future. Through her story, we can see how a kid from Southside Chicago could become the Princeton grad, Harvard Grad, health-conscious First Lady we’ve all come to love.
 Love the Flotus and her story.
 Good shape and beautifully written!
 Very well written autobiograpy. I enjoyed it very much.
 Surprised to see how open and candid she was.
 What an excellent book!<br/>Paints a  full and vivid story of optimism and achievement., and the support and structures that are required for success. Michelle’s warm and engaging way of being with people shows on every page as she tells the story her life
 I enjoyed her style of writing and glimpses into the Obama’s lives at the White House, her empathy and compassion that shines through her writing, her hard work and struggles. It was a shining chapter in the history of the United States.
 I highly recommend this book it is a wonderful look at Michelles life.
 As a fan of this particular first family, I’m guilty of bias towards this book. I thoroughly enjoyed the candor of her stories; her thoughts and emotions carefully laid out on the table. It’s a reminder that we should never forget our voice, and the journey of becoming is only just beginning.
 A great read written by a great person!
 Loved reading this book.
 it was a very telling story of life from the "white house
 Mom and sis ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🍾🥂🔥🎁👏👏 loves this book.
 Anyone with an interest in what it takes to overcome conditions beyond your control and to always persevere should read this incredible biography.
 Simply Outstanding, perfect gift for a loved one.
 Very good read. I have great administration for our former First Lady and great respect for former President Obama.  I would highly recommend this book to every American who loves our country as much as I do.
 But... did not want to miss a beat.
 Whether you're an Obama fan or not (which I am), this is a very good read. It flows well, it's very descriptive and you can tell that it was written by a well educated woman. It provides a lot of insight into the humble beginnings of our former First Lady.
 I bought as a gift for my daughter
 This item was purchased for a friend
 have not read giving too much input to u
 Totally fascinating. Well written.
 Excellent Book
 I've always been an admirer of the former First Lady, but I absolutely LOVE her voice in this memoir!
 An enjoyable and candid look into what it is like to be a First Lady.
 Great book.  Fantastic story, beautifully told.
 A must read for everyone  A Great Great story
 Love Mrs. Obama's sensitivity, candor, intellect and humor!
 I bought this as a gift for my wife and received it in excellent condition and very timely. She has certainly enjoyed it.
 10 stars!!
 As a young person who leans right, politically speaking, i have always found Mrs. Obama incredibly relatable and inspiring. This book embodies those qualities. Not overly political, but respectfully candid where is. Honest and optimistic. I loved every page and picture.
 If you are a woman you must read this book
 All I can say is this book was awesome!!!!! I could not put it down.  It was very enlightening!!!! I wish there was another book so that I could continue reading!
 This book was as all that I hoped for and more.  Honest, showing the good and not so good truth about Michelle Obama's life this far.  I share that because she is still becoming...<br/><br/>I would encourage anyone that has felt they were not enough to read this amazing book, you will be encouraged.
 Bought this for my mom and aunt for Christmas. They have both already read the book and absolutely loved it. They said they would recommend women of any age to read it. I'm about to order one  for me.
 This is a must read! Mrs. Obama is very candid and unapologetic about her story. Thanks for letting us in and inspiring us all to embrace our own story while also valuing the stories of others regardless of whether they differ from our own.
 This book starts off awesome and makes you feel like you are right beside her for every moment ! It’s a must read for every one!
 Great stories, eloquently written.
 I couldn't put this book down and loved learning more about Michelle Obama. I highly recommend this!
 A story of love. poise, intelligence! A great read!
 I greatly enjoyed learning about Michelle's childhood and who her greatest influences were through various stages of life.  I also learned more about her struggles embracing a political life and how she ultimately used it to further her causes.
 I was super excited to be able to send this to my mother for her birthday! I can't wait to receive mine from attending the MINDBODY conference here in San Diego so we can read Becoming together from a distance!
 It comes as no surprise that this book is awesome!
 The book arrived as scheduled. Thank you!
 The rest was boring...and I like Michelle O.
 Well written. I really enjoyed the book. A must buy.
 This book is just for small kids
 I found the book very interesting and inspiring. Mrs Obama's words were easily digested and provided great insight  and inspiration into her decisions before, during, and after marriage/motherhood/and her husband's entry into political life.<br/>I love it and would recommend it to women of all ages.
 Best Christmas gift for retired friend....
 This book was superbly written! I couldn’t wait to read it and see how such a powerful, yet humble woman managed it all. I saw myself as a young woman, wife and mother several times! I recommend for girls to read beginning in fourth grade.
 I just loved this book..Couldn't put it down. Have recommended it to everyone I come in contact with.
 Insightful, great advice, page turner
 Exceptional reading.  A really good book.
 Loved the audio versions with this.  Overall a great read.
 A great and interesting book. A must read for those thinking that life is easy on the top.
 A well written intimate life story from humble beginnings in Chicago to life in the White House. I admire Michelle and Barack Obama's elegance, enthusiasm, endeavors and ethics and applaud their eight scandal-free years in the White House!
 Very easy read told in what appears to be the First Lady’s authentic voice, quite enjoyable! I honestly had trouble putting it down.
 Michelle Obama’s lofty goal of motivating young people certainly resonates with me, a high-school teacher with nearly fifty years in the classroom. I also grew up as a female in Chicago, sharing some of the same struggles to get an advanced education. Michelle Obama’s journey and philosophy are truly an inspiration to me.
 Wonderful easy, funny and informative read!
 Just do yourself a favor and purchase a copy of this book. Seriously, it's one of the best I've ever read.
 Good quality and great content.
 I haven't completed reading it.
 Don't expect any negative reviews.
 A well written informative biography.
 From down to earth childhood to "becoming" a classy First Lady, this read is full of inspiration and hope. Journey through her life's up and downs and read stories you've never heard before--full of laughter and a few tears.
 Best book ever!!! You must get the audible of this book as well.  I purchase the audible and the hardcover.
 I love how Michelle related to her feelings, overcame negativity, highlighted positive results, empowered others, expressed integrity, she truly loves America and her family.
 Read the book..bought as a gift
 Phenomenal. What more can anyone aT about this awesomely insightful book! A must read..or even better  -listen!
 Wonderful book.  She is great role model and so honest in the book.  American needs more people like her.  Great read!
 One of the BEST books I’ve read in a long time!!
 This book helped to change my life! Her story inspired me to pursue graduate school and begin my novel. Thank you Michelle Obama for sharing your authentic soul with the world! This is a must read!
 Very inciteful and interesting.
 I have been delighted and intrigued by the Obamas since I first heard of them. This book is a wonderful example of the changing expectations American women have for themselves and for society.<br/>The joy of life,the love of humanity, comes through in every chapter.
 enjoyed reading this from start to finish
 as advertised...great product!
 This is a very well written book detailing events in her life to date. She was extremely diplomatic in her political commentary. I wished she had added a bit more detail about the move from the White House to today but can understand why she glossed over most of it. This is a very interesting read.
 Self-promoting and egotistic this book should is best left on the shelf.
 Michelle Obama is a world class storyteller. You cannot be what you cannot see. This book should be core curriculum for every female student  of color starting in 5th grade.
 I loved reading this book. Some parts felt familiar to me since I read the other biography written about Michelle, but I loved to hear it from her own perspective and to hear more about the time in the White House. We were so lucky to have her as our First Lady.
 Loved the page by page layout....pictures...<br/>transparency....
 iT'S MICHELLE OBAMA, NEED I SAY MORE?
 Great and easy read.  Plus finding out more of What is expected with a spouse and family of the president.  Michelle is charming.
 Really it was fun and a joy to read.
 Loved this book.  Best biography I have ever read, and one of the best books ever.  Should be required reading for every young girl of every color.  So inspirational, and gives us true insight into a very special family.  We were so fortunate to have the Obama's for eight years in the White House.
 Excellent book from a true inspiration.
 This woman. I bow to her. Guts. Grace. Gumption. She is truly inspirational.<br/>If only she had political ambitions.<br/>We all need to find how to become true to who we are.
 This book was really good! Michelle Obama is so down to earth and real! Unfortunately, I found the end a little sad since almost everything she worked for has been somewhat discounted. But she remains (I hope), optimistic!
 I enjoyed this book so much!  Michelle Obama is a rockstar!  I learned so much about her that I didnt know and I truly admire her and all that shes accomplished.
 WISH SHE WAS STILL FIRST LADY
 Recomendado para jovenes, adultos, hombre, mujeres. El testimonio verdadero y honesto de una gran mujer! Es un gran regalo para esta Navidad
 I gifted this for Christmas. What better way to spread that Christmas joy than sharing this with family and friends
 Love this book. Michelle gives you a lot of insight and inspiration.
 My wife loved the book. She says it's a great read...
 Great book. Gave as a gift that was received very enthusiastically and with joy. Yay!
 Bought for my mother, she loves this book, haven't had a chance to read it yet, but looking forward to get my chance.
 I got the book just to have I’m a audiobook person. I know I will enjoy l  listening to this book and will dislike my book .
 Bought as gift and worked out goodn
 I haven't read the book yet but I know I'm going to love it because i admire Michelle Obama. I've never met her but I can tell she is a genuine person.
 This book was sent to a school girl in Malawa. I hope she enjoys it as much as I did.
 Thank you Michelle Obama for taking us through the journey of your life- I truly enjoyed the book and may we all continue to become.
 I identified so much with Mrs. Obama, female, black, wife, mother, girlfriend. So much to take on but you would never know it from the outside looking in. Thank you so much for sharing this experience and putting a human feeling to the most important job that anyone could master. Danette R Isaacs
 I would like to thank Michelle for being such a wonderful role model for all women young and older!  You truly have a caring and loving heart!
 Love Mrs. Obama and I love her book.
 Thanks so much. This is a xmas gift.
 This is a must read for everyone.
 I liked it, the book is amazing.  I was critical when buying it, but after I read it, I really appreciated the first lady's humble beginnings.
 This was a Christmas gift to mom mothers in law. She absolutely loved it!  I also purchased a Kindle version for myself, but hadn’t had a chance to read it yet.
 I bought this as a gift for my wife and we both ended up listening to Mrs. Obama. She is wonderful and the book is great.
 Great Book, great read, great author!
 Interesting to understand her point of view about things that happened and how she dealt with the major life events for her family.
 I love her and wanted the book
 Well received. Arrived timely.
 The media spoiled the reading experience once I received the book. Media told the good parts.
 Of course! :) Mrs Obama never disappoints. She is real and Amazing
 Loved reading about the humble beginnings of this amazing lady. What a wonderful role model for all of us. A true inspiration.
 Insightful and truthful read.  Her story inspires you to overcome and help with re s.  Living in the public eye is a challenge.
 Very easy read; loving it so far!
 Gift for my mother. She is enjoying
 Liked the whole book. Liked that she gave credit to the people that worked for her.  I was glad I bought the book.
 Wonderful writer, great stories.
 I think women would like the book.  Mrs Obama is a tough lady and has had. a tough and strong life and is a great asset for Barack
 This was a very easy book to read. It was hard to put down &amp; I felt as if Mrs. was sitting next to me talking &amp; sharing her story.
 I will have for a long time
 A beautiful book by a beautiful lady. It shows that through Faith, Love, Determination and Vision any thing is possible no matter who you are, where you come from or the color of your skin. A very inspiring story. Thank you Michelle!
 Great book, even greater woman!
 The book was very engaging especially in the beginning. Her story is very relatable. However, the book becomes repetitive and boring towards the last 100 pages. It’s a good memoir for the most part but she could easily have said the same thing in a 250-300 page book.
 Xmas present for my sister. She enjoyed reading it.
 Perfect gift for someone looking to have a little more insight on one of America’s best First Ladies
 Everyone should read this!
 Surprised how raw and real. Great insight to what it is to be in the white house as a wife and mom
 And excellent read, enjoy this book so much!
 Very interesting story. Well written.
 Who wouldn’t enjoy a great read.
 A great memoir of her humble beginnings!
 Transparent,  moving,  relatable,  emotional,  insightful.
 Great product. Five starts
 Nothing but liberal garage as expected
 The best read of the year!
 Ordered one for myself and the other for my mother in law. She loved it! I’m still reading but I love it, love her!
 What an extraordinary life.  Everyone should read this book to understand how blessed we were to have. This first lady.
 Transporting. Emotionally engaging. Relateable. Easy to read.
 A good look as a wonderful person.
 Highly recommend for everyone. Throughout this book I have highlighted MANY every day reflections &amp; affirmations that I will continually come back to read.
 This book was inspiring and very well written. I loved it. A breath of fresh air and good sense.
 Michelle Obama grew up a couple of miles from me and I relate to her story. It's an honest portrail of her and her family"s struggles and acheivements. I absolutely love this book!
 Loved every second of this book...
 This is a fantastic read. I love the way she incorporated her past with her current life. Just to see that being the first lady is not as easy as some of us ( mainly me) thought is refreshing.
 I Iked the real talk connection. Very well put together and I loved the book.
 I just love our Flotus, she is amazing!
 My mother loves reding the book.
 Excellent history of an amazing first lady!
 Walls would crumble, sense would prevail, decency would return, hate would go back into hiding, and America would go on to be the shining beacon on the hill.
 Great read!!!<br/>Nothing to dislike!!
 Love the book  easy to read.exceeds my expectations
 Amazing, inspiring, well-written, can go on and on.
 So very well-written!  One of the best auto-biographies I've read in years!  So many insights into what she accomplished through perseverance.  I'm recommending it to all of my friends!
 Michelle Obama’s book is the best.  Inspiring and honest.  Like she lived her life, going high when others went low.
 Michelle Obama is an inspiration to our nation.
 I did not order this book
 Excellent reading for all
 I thoroughly loved every moment reading this wonderful life story about a woman I have so admired for a decade.  A beautiful person, inside and out, we were so lucky to have her as our First Lady for 8 years.  I have never been a big reader of bibliographies, but reading this one may surely have changed that.
 Always the inspiration, Mrs. Obama never fails to convey a sort of relational understanding that I don’t see very often. Her book, her life, is something that we can all find some sort of connection to and in that, she inspires us to continue working toward our own hopes, dreams, and changes.
 I felt identified with her story even though we are from different ethnicities.
 Bought for my wife.  She really enjoyed the read!
 Loved it.  She took us with her on her journey.
 I loved hearing Michelle's perspective of being in the White House, and how important it was to make sure her girls had some normality to their life in the White House.
 My daughter was thrilled!
 My mother in law loved it
 Great book in brand new condition
 I gifted to wife and 3 daughters. All are raving.
 This should be required reading in every high school. Not only was it enlightening and educational, it is also a powerful story of one woman’s struggle to make choices and take chances will trying to make this world a better place.
 I sailed thru this book, enjoying the insider info shared, and feeling the stress and anguish of this beautiful author's life.  Smart, bright, entertaining, and honest---what's not to love???
 This is a very interesting and candid book.
 Everyone knows this is the bestseller of 2018.  You should read it. It's so inspiring!
 Loved this book, so heartfelt,  every book club  should choose  this book !  Great insight into what being a fabulous FLOTUS, wife, mother and daughter is all about.
 Its very detailed and not an easy read. But its very interesting.
 I liked Michelle Obama before reading “Becoming”.  I love her now that I have read it.  It is such an honest and down-to-earth, relatable  telling of a woman from a humble but proud beginning to her becoming a single career woman to a wife, then mother, then first lady, then becoming and still becoming more!
 The best book I have read in ages.
 This is a wonderful book.
 Love this book! Must read!
 An excellent book that gives real insight into the factors that motivate young people and how a strong family can help you overcome barriers. A fun and inspiring read.
 Delivered on time as advertised.
 Great book! Beautifully written.
 One of the most heartfelt, well-written autobiographies I've ever read!  I couldn't put it down.  She is a superb writer and down-to-earth person.
 An inspirational work through the eyes of a phenomenal women! Lends hope to the quest for success of minorities. This is a relatable memoir by a woman with real life experiences, qualms and successes.
 Excellent book
 Loved the book.  Recommend all should enjoy.
 Have not completed reading
 Michele and Barack’s integrity and caring for others is what this book is about.  I am so glad I read it and recommend it highly.
 very well written and to the point
 A very good read if too long by half. I really enjoyed the first third of the book, getting to know Michelle’s voice &amp; outlook. Had to skim the rest from sheer length of details.
 Great book very easy reading.
 Came in on time and new!
 Great read! So amazing reading her life's experience. Very empowering.
 My wife loves this book.
 Glad to learn about the Obama family!!
 The book is a gift to my daughter. She loves Mrs. Obama.
 Smooth Transaction. EXCELLENT READ!!!!! Definite Page turner.
 I am enjoying this book
 Loved this book, her story and the optimism she expresses even through the hard times.  The story I can relate to , as a child from  parents who had a lot of love but not a lot of comforts to achieving my vision, this book is an inspiration.  Such class and grace.
 Great book!
 Outstanding book. Very revealing and heartfelt telling of her life before and during the White House years. Must read.
 This book is  marvelous story about a marvelous person.  I truly enjoyed the insight into her unusual world.  Loved it
 I have never read a more complete novel, about someone life impacted for the greater good of humanity. Thanks so much.
 How I miss the Obama's in the White House. Their integrity,humble roots, care for the people with less. Currently all gone.
 I enjoyed reading about the Obamas lives.  They seem like such down to earth people .
 and hold it for the rest of the book. Indulge yourself.
 Great book. Better than I expected.
 I was always a staunch Obama's supporter, you both lifted my spirits during your years in the White House. I have felt so confused and  lost to what reality is since 'he' took over. Your book helped me renew my faith tin the American people and renewed hope for the future. Thank you, you ate sorely missed.
 Would buy over and over!
 This is what America looks like. From middle class to.the white house. Mrs Obama character shines brightly. Daughter wife mother first lady
 I loved this book and had a hard time putting it down.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone.
 I have always greatly admired Michelle Obama.  This book filled in all the facts about her life I didnt previously know.  I highly recommend this book.
 I love Michelle Obama and her story, her family is my family. I love love love this book..
 This book is an instant classic, written by one of the most admired women in America.  A beautiful gift to the reading public.
 After 8 years, this was an up close look at the First Lady! It was refreshing, insightful, and genuine. The same traits she's portrayed through a lens are now cemented in words.
 Gift to my wife , she loves this book about Mrs Obama and her family.
 Completely spellbinding. Fascinating how a girl from the East side of Chicago could have become such an Amazing Woman. Someone with compassion, and love that tried to share what she was with the world around her. Job well done. Inspiring.
 Love Becoming...a good read. Read it in two days Michelle Obama is my favorite First Lady!
 Just what you'd expect from Michele Obama. Thank you for giving such hope and positivity to so many. Even tho I would love to vote for you one day I fully understand why you won't be running for office
 I appreciate the ending, but the beginning was most helpful to me now!!!  I can see this book being my new guide in life, yes even at 54.
 Love reading her book, so informative
 I am so glad to have read such an inspiring book!  I appreciate learning of Michelle Obama's life and how she grew within it.  I was brought to tears in several parts of the book as well as Laugh out loud moments. She is down to earth and brilliant and my own horizons are now broadened due to her sharing.
 Loved the book! Surprised by how much I enjoyed it. I think this book should be read by everyone, regardless of political party.
 I usually do not read auto biographies of famous living people but Michelle Obama 's book was a selection of my book group and I am grateful I read it. I am really interested to see what this marvelous woman writer will do next.
 i read some of the book every evening and it was like coming back to a friend every time. Michelle Obama is a great example to us all.
 If you are looking for a juicy inside story of The White House this is not for you. It is the story of a strong woman and her journey of spiritual growth in the vortex of America’s most profound civic experience, the presidency.
 She wants to be POTUS, and she has the stuff to be a great one, just like Barak or even better.
 Inspiring narrative of a women's love for this country and spent energy to make it better. I was motivated to be a better me.
 Very informative and inspiring read!
 Really enjoyed her skill of writing
 Enjoyed her story.  Very interesting.
 Awesome story! Awesome lady!
 Great book by a great woman
 I am glad to have purchased this book. I thought it was well written
 Michelle Obama in all her colors
 Wow! What an inspiring story.
 Highly recommend this book.
 Well written and heart felt.
 A good read and one where you really get to know her story.  I hope that it can be updated with her future projects.
 I will give this book 10 STARS .
 Loved the book from start to finish. Felt like I was sitting with a friend each time I picked up the book. I would<br/>encourage anyone to make it part of their reading list.
 Transparent and inspiring!
 Love this book, Michelle did a wonderful job of describing her life in the White House. Reading about her younger years and how she wanted to impact the lives of young people while living a life most only dream about was a great inspiration.
 Michelle Obama is a talented author, I’ve been heavy sighing at the end of each chapter. Inspirational and captivating.<br/><br/>Must read book and makes a great gift for young women. It’s a book I wish I read in my 20’s, the guidance I needed to navigate life.
 Interesting take on her life
 What a moving story Michelle Obama has written. She brought dignity, joy, and meaning to the role of First Lady. She inspires me to continue becoming all that I can be and gives me hope that our country can become a place ruled by love and justice for all.
 Best book I have read since Educated.
 Love Michelle Obama!!
 A rare glimpse into history from a family who strove for positive change in our nation and did so with grace, dignity, love, and authenticity.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I hope it becomes required reading for public school. Everyone should read it.  I am so glad it is a best seller.
 I liked the writing and her honest story
 Amazing book and great read by an amazing First Lady
 I enjoyed reading about the Obamas.  The book was very interesting, especially interesting to me was reading about Michelle 's and Barack's childhood s.
 Love this book-huge fan of the Obamas!
 Good book!!! Very interesting!!!
 This book was an amazing read! The transparency and wonderful descriptions allowed me to feel as if I were in each scene up close. I'm thankful that the writer shared her career transitions because i'm sure it will help so many understand and not fear stepping out of comfort.  Thank you for sharing!!!
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 Started reading right away love it so far
 But the book for my birthday
 Truly admire her even more after reading her story. Love her!
 Hove her as a person mode mother and First Lady k
 The Obamas are fantastic individuals and Michelle’s book is a MUST read for all.  This is the best read I’ve had for quite some time.  Enjoy!
 I seldom read nonfiction selections but this one I looked forward to being released. The writing was great.
 What else could you expect from our forever First Lady?
 Great read!  Very inspiring...
 Inspiring
 The book itself is an excellent read. My dissatisfaction is with the condition of the pages. Some of the pages were still attached upon arrival and had to be ripped apart, which left the edges of the pages torn (a total of 5). Other than that, the print and the images throughout the book are of good quality.
 Item arrived on rime. Great read!
 A great gift for my wife
 This book made me emotional, angry, happy, and optimistic. I literally laughed out loud in public transit, and my eyes welled up at random places when reading this book.<br/><br/>Highly recommend.
 liked to read about former first lady
 Any Michelle Obama is awesome!
 American story. It is a view of a President and the office of President. Emotional and thoughtful writing let's the reader know Michelle. The book is a personification of the saying "act locally, think globally.
 Purchased as a gift
 I loved the fact that it was written for all ages, a young teenager can pick up this book ,  read it and feel great about the USA and what was accomplished by an amazing couple. Just as I a senior citizenship did.
 This autobiography felt as though Michelle and I sat on a plush oversized couch speaking for hours, there are so many lessons I learned while digesting each word. I loved the candidness she shared from the begin to the end. Excellent read!
 It was such a good read.  Growing up on the south side I loved the reminiscence and the honesty throughout
 from the first intro , easy to read informative and honest. wonderful person
 Bought this a gift for my grandma- she loved it!
 Great pick up!! Loved the book from beginning to end and I’m not even a book reader. This book gave great insight to who she is and a glimpse of life as flotus. She also revealed a side of her that was rarely seen. Interesting would be an understatement.
 A book that everyone should read and share and discuss. I am so proud of this wonderful woman, her intelligence and foresight. THANK YOU, Michelle Obama!
 Loved it.  Got this copy for a family member and they are excited to read it as well.
 I loved the book!! I love the way the stories re-appear as a lesson.  I love how it can empower moms and women.<br/>It has wonderful insights of the First Family.  Michelle Obama feels like a friend after reading her book!!
 Very interesting and well written book about our first family
 Awesome,  Amazing and Inspiring!
 This book reads like you’re sitting having a relaxed conversation with Michelle in your livingroom. I feel I gained a good sense of who she is, and what the experiences of her life have been. Really enjoyed it!
 Good book with details of Michelle's life.
 It was a joy to read this; I can relate to Michelle which made the book so interesting.  I learned a lot about her I didn't know. She made me so proud of her accomplishments, her tenasity, her intellectual mind, and her love  for people black and white.
 Great Book and even more amazing woman..
 I am thoroughly enjoying this audio book. It is interesting and well-written. Thanks for sharing, Michelle Obama!
 This was everything I hoped it would be. I will always love Michelle Obama! She is a role model while just being herself!
 Very well written and informative.
 my sister loves it
 I am a fast reader, I made myself slow down so I could read her words, and make my read of this book longer.  This is totally a must read.
 Michelle Obama is an American treasure.
 Michelle Obama is Beautiful &amp; Genuine.
 I’m still reading but so far it’s very interest. I liked how Ms Obama detailed her upbringing and evidential meeting of Mr Obama; gives a lot of depth to her character—and his. I’m not at the White House yet; and this is what I am most anxious to read. Love this book!
 Loved the book. Love the author
 Wonderful book.  Look forward to seeing her on her tour.
 My Granddaughter was overjoyed with recieving this book. She just graduated from college, it was on her CHRISTMAS list which I wasn't aware of.
 very well written. Great insight into our former first Lady.
 Highly recommend!
 Still reading it.
 very well like book
 MICHELLE, MICHELLE, MICHELLE
 Love the Becoming book!
 I loved everything about the book, I feel like I now understand a little about The White House, and I’m glad to have done the tour during The Obama presidency.<br/><br/>Every woman should read this book to learn how to channel their inner power to advance the causes they are most passionate about.
 The natives are still living like prehistoric salvages. And she never experienced the Jim Crow laws, only the benefits of Affirmative-action where she was given every break in the books.
 I absolutely love everything about this book!!
 A wonderful adventure of family and hard work.
 This was a gift...and, according to the recipient "if you were ever interested in 'needing to know more', this is the book." Now, I have no idea what that meant, but I take it they're enjoying it page-for-page.
 Love, love, love, this book.
 she loved it, surprised to discover she did not want Barak to be president....
 Great book,  inspirational. Everyone should read it. My kids love it
 It’s Michelle! Need I say more?
 My mother in law is enjoying the book with its large print.
 The book is an intimate portrait of what the journey has been for Michelle Obama. There are so many layers to her personality. It’s an inspiring read for everyone, especially in today’s political climate.
 Practically perfect in every way.
 She is reading it and says it's great!
 Would recommend.
 Beautiful, insightful memoir.
 Loved this book. Would recommend it.
 So far so good.  Great read.
 Nothing short of amazing!  This is an exciting and pulsating read as the former First Lady takes you on a journey of dreams, hope, promise and fulfillment all in one.  It's that type of read where you instinctively question yourself and ask "am I doing and being all that I can be?"
 I didn't think I could love and respect the Obama's more!  Michelle takes you on her journey from her childhood, to college,meeting her love to becoming a mother. Her view from being a wife of a politician. Love love love
 So authentic! She gives hope while working arduously in her endeavor to make us all want to be our best.
 Read this book regardless of party affiliation. A great window into life in the White House (with kids!), the role of First Lady and what it’s like being married to the leader of the free world.
 Her journey was/is a good story. I'm proud of her
 Love reading this book.
 Absolutely inspiring and well written. I knew I would love it!
 Great read, love her positivity.....awesome just like her and President Obama.  Truly special to read this book at this time in history.....when they go low, we go high!
 If you love reading make this book a part of your library.
 A very good read.
 Such an amazing book!<br/>Heartfelt, touching, transparent and inspirational.  Every word was meticulously crafted to share the honest truth and emotion of an inspiring journey.
 Very enjoyable.
 Trash.
 One of the best books I read last year!  Michelle Obama is a class act!
 Glad to get it , sold out
 Courage and vulnerability on full display...opening up about details of her personal life not spoken of in public very often ie miscarriage, marriage counseling, and infertility...it’s a remarkable book.
 Love the fact I can hear her story told in her own voice...love it
 Love this book!
 Awaiting a read
 Honesty beyond belief !!!
 Excellent read.
 I loved the book from cover to cover. It was a very insightful view of life in the White House but most importantly how dreams do come true and how we all can achieve what we set up to do. My admiration and respect to Mrs. Obama and my sincerest thanks for sharing this with the public.
 The media doesn’t allow the public to see the humans who serve our country. Rather, we are presented with a stranger’s interpretation frequently biased by his/her life experiences. I enjoyed reading Mrs. Obama’s interpretation of her life.
 What’s not to love !
 Highly recommend this book!
 Great insights.
 First lady of the United States
 I love her story
 tells about michelle from child birth to the white house. Great reading
 A truly honest portrayal of an awesome woman and her precious family.  I loved the inside look at President Obama.  Very inspirational.
 Love just read it
 A read I couldn't put down.
 This is the most warm, heartfelt, hard hitting, sometimes humorous telling of a life I have ever read.  Michelle Obama pulls no punches.  She tells it like it was and is and you come away knowing that you can do it too.  This is one for the library to be read over and over again.
 Wonderful read from beginning to end.
 So well written, with passion, and with prose that we long for today.  Michelle Obama is a person to emulate!
 Great book, great read.....Love my First Lady
 Amazing, loved every word.  Such an honest insight into their lives, early on to right now.  Love and respect for them.
 I found it interesting and entertaining.  I like knowing what went into shaping the woman so many of us admire.  It also contained a little glimpse of the development of the President himself.
 She speaks truth!  Awesome writer!
 This is a beautiful book.  Reads like a novel.  So much about Michelle that we did not know...and now we do!  Look forward to sitting down each night to enjoy a chapter or two...or five.
 If you are a reader, you must add this to your collection. Period
 An absolute must read. I love it! Haven't been able to put it down since I started reading it.
 We're able to take a peak into the personal and professional lives of Barack and Michelle Obama and get a deeper appreciation of having lived and experienced having President Barack Obama as our President.
 Wife loves the book
 Loved the book, love Michele, quite a story of her life!
 I am truly inspired!! What a wonderful picture of one of the most up-lifting women in the world. I'm sorry the story ended. I read and listened to the book.
 And large print perfect.
 Excellent book so far! One of the best purchases I made this year.
 I'm very glad our former First Lady wrote this and that I read it. My 90 year old mother enjoyed it as well.
 Although I am older, Michelle's writing spoke to me. She tells us her story. No woe is me. It is inspirational interesting and would be a great required reading in any classroom. And as I  write this I am aware of the squabble that might bring about.
 Love the book
 GREAT READ!!!
 I was very impressed by this book.  It was well written and insightful.  It is a great incentive for all women.
 Truly inspiring. Enjoyed reading about your life in Chicago and Washington DC. I will always look back on your time in the White House as a great achievement for our country. May God bless you and the whole family for all you have done to make us a better nation.
 I absolutely love this book, it shows she worked very hard for what she wanted in life. so many people write reviews like she was suppose to lie about her journey. I love it just like I love the Obamas
 Thanks for speaking from the heart.
 Bought one for me and another as a gift!
 Captivating life story
 I loved the entertaining, easy to read and enjoy book. It's easy to relate to the former First Lady.
 A must read. So heartfelt and personal on her life that will motivate you to become a better person.
 I am loving this book
 My book showed up in time.. Was a gift for my mother!! Very Happy.. Now everyone wants to borrow.. I told them to go on amazon buy their own!!
 Beautifully written autobiography.  This book is a non-fiction pageturner!
 Just the right mix of her life before becoming our First Lady. Great insights and behind the scenes details. Who knew we charge the First families for the food they eat in the White House? Loved the book!
 Love this book
 As a black girl that grew up in the inner city with other black girls like me. This book has given me so much encouragement. I saw myself in these stories, I saw my friends and family. From reading this book I now really believe that I am good enough! Thank you Aunty Michelle for this!
 I was worried this would be a highly political or “nothing to something” kind of book, but it was far more than that.  It was touching in unexpected ways.  I highly recommend it.
 This is an amazing look at a woman who has found her own voice of love, pride, hope and optimism. A reminder to all of us to strive to become our best by bringing others with us.
 This was a great read! I really enjoyed this book. It was well written and enjoyable. I just love Michelle Obama! I would highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading.
 bought as a gift
 Beautiful, articulate writing. She is thought provoking and honest. She reflects the integrity of her own family values and the integrity of the Obama administration.
 It was a gift
 Love Michelle!
 Good read! Like having a conversation with her over coffee.
 Still my best FLOTUS
 Great read! Love Michelle Obama and loved hearing the personal side of being first lady and getting to know who she is, and what she stands for!
 Awesome book!! Easy to read . I have been reading it to my kids and they love it!
 Wonderful book, highly recommend
 Life changing, read it.
 Excellent book!
 The details of her life are extraordinary. Her gift to us all is such a labor of love. Becoming should help us all. Everyone should read this book. Everyone!
 Well written
 Awesome book, now I am a bigger fan of Michelle Obama
 GREAT BOOK LOVE IT!!
 Outstanding!!!
 A fantastic true story by an inspirational, intelligent, loving, fierce and humble lady. A must-read for everyone I would say.
 Love the book
 Gift to my educator daughter
 This was a good read. I liked how real and honest she was about her life and political journey with her husband. The book was inspiring and yet made me reflect on my own chapters in life and the wife and mother I am daily becoming.
 A great read
 Excellent and Fantastic read! Love Miche! She is Amazingly motivating!!
 I loved that the book was written in such a personal and easy fashion. I strongly recommend it to all, but specially to women. I felt directly spoken to while reading it. This book reinforced my admiration for the Obama family and revived my hopes for our country in this dark hour.
 This book was very well written and interesting to read! I was surprised by her honesty and vulnerability.
 I'm grateful the way our 44th 1st Lady shared her life w all of us; pre, in the midst of, and post her family's  private and high profile political journey.  AND she is intact, still hopeful, still going high.
 Best bio of the year by far.
 This book is AWESOME!!
 a good read
 Amazing Lady
 Excellent book - loved it!
 It seemed like an honest accounting of growing up black in the 60s. i gained great respect for the Obamas.
 This was a gift in perfect shape.
 slot. Gift.
 Great read.
 Very inspirational for young women.
 wonderful!!
 Good book.  Excellent read.
 Great Read!
 Becoming was an authentic and inspiring read, I recommend it to everyone. Mrs. Obama’s honesty and vulnerability, and tone, makes this a refreshing read.<br/><br/>Thank you for revealing so much and all you’ve done for our country and women around the world.
 Brilliant! Need I say more.
 Great book, inspired me to reach for more in my life.
 Great stories. Great Book
 Wonderful book.  Very interesting read. And of course you know what the ending already is.
 I am sure she will like it.
 great read
 Enjoyed reading
 Great read
 She is REAL!
 I was so excited to hear Michelle Obama reading the Audible version of "Becoming".
 This book was an awesome and it made me feel inspired to push forward , evening when it's seem all the odds or against me.  She really laid out her life to all the readers.
 Excellent recounting of eight years as First Lady of the US, with lots of words for thought. Proud to call her my First Lady.
 Great read
 Good price
 Insightful<br/>Compelling<br/>Engaging<br/>Well written<br/>Sincere<br/>Loving<br/>Socially necessary<br/>Personal<br/>Intellectual<br/>A charge for change<br/>Transparent<br/>Vulnerable<br/>A confident unabashed account of a woman who they said shouldn't make it
 I recommend that book to anyone. It covers her childhood all the way to her last day in the White House. When I believed I could not respect her anymore, after this book I do!
 I love First Lady Michelle Obama!<br/>So glad that my book arrived and, I got one for my Mother for Christmas!
 She’s excellent and so is the book.
 Love it!!!!
 Wonderful book.  Very well written and a great story for all Americans.
 Excellent book
 Good Read!
 This is an easy read and it is thoroughly entertaining.
 The title was catchy and is everyone's story since we are all becoming or became :) in our own story of life.  I am part of a book club in which this was the chosen book for January.
 A Must Read
 Awesome Book, Michelle Obama Down To Earth 1st Ladie❤️❤️
 I LOVE MICHELLE OBAMA
 Excellent from page one to the end. I would give this book 5 stars 😁😂😊🐇🐩. God bless you and your family.<br/> ihour
 I know anyone's achieve greatness when given support and confidence.  Striving to make a difference  brought results.  Well written and interesting.
 Loved the book
 I loved learning about her early life and meeting Barack.  I thoroughly enjoyed their courtship.  The behind the scenes political information was insightful.  Engaging writing style , although I felt that there was a lot of repetition in many regards, It was a great read.  Well done!
 Great read. Enjoying it.
 LOVE IT!!! Love my husband more for surprising me with it!!!
 Loved it. It was incredibly moving, inspiring, and honest. I have been telling everyone to get this book. I recommend it to everyone!!!
 Great read
 As a latin woman, professional and mother of two teenagers, Becoming has resonated with my own life.  I am a Colombian living in South America but this book confirms that no matter where you are, women face the same struggles across the globe.
 Excellent
 Couldn't put this book down, enjoyed reading<br/>Recommended  to family and several  friends. Looking  forward  to her visit to A
 Michelle Obama gives us a fresh, honest recount of her life. From her working-class childhood in South side Chicago to her years at Princeton, to her courtship with Barack, and finally her years in the White House. I kept wanting to hear more of what Michelle had to say.
 Awesome lady, awesome read!
 I've already finished the book and bought two (2) more as gifts.
 Good reading
 Great /read
 Really enjoyed this book.  Inspirational. An exceptional woman with very clear and balanced views about the opportunities that are available to all of us if we can see our way clear to believe we can achieve them.
 This is one of my favorite books of all time. Michelle Obama continues to amaze me, just as she did as First Lady. She opens up to show the human side of her family's journey to, during and beyond the White House.
 Awesome and well written!
 Nice read
 10 thumbs up!!!!!!
 Love the price
 was worth the money
 Good read Ann interesting insight, easy to read and engaging.well worth the read, leaving with the dignity that was her life.
 I love the Obamas and this book is no disappointment. LOVE,IT.
 I truly enjoyed reading Becoming.  I have  always admired Michelle and after reading the book I admire her more.  She was everything a first lady should be and she made our country proud of all her accomplishments
 Best book ever!
 Great read! Very inspiring.
 Bought this book three times as Christmas gifts. Excellent book!
 This is a must read for all women, of any age or race!  Enjoyable and inspiring from page one!
 Michelle Obama did an excellent job of telling her story. It was heartwarming and well written!
 Incredible read! The honesty and vulnerability in each word is inspiring. Definitely a book worth picking up.
 Purchase for wife, she loves it.
 Positive focus tempered with some humor
 As advertised
 Wow! Michelle Obama outdid herself! This book is amazing and inspirational. After reading it, I referred everyone I know to read it too.
 Cant wait to read my book
 Amazing read!
 I have no idea how good this book is but I can say that my x-Mother-in-law was super happy when she got it for Christmas.
 This is a Christmas gift for someone who had this book on their Christmas list. It came in excellent condition.
 Great writing and story!
 I will reread this book several times. Mrs. Obama's story is timeless and speaks to an entire generation of girls and young women who are becoming themselves.<br/><br/>Thank you Michelle for letting us know we are not alone on the path.
 Loved reading about the real Michelle Obama.  She is an inspiration to all women.
 So inspiring!
 An amazing account of a life of service and compassion.  I highly recommend this book to anyone.  Very well done.
 WAS A GIFT
 She was honest in her feelings, trepidations, hopes and dreams. We get a glimpse at the challenges she encountered in her career.
 I just adore Michelle Obama.
 Love, love, love this book! I’m still in the beginning but loving getting to know her through this read!
 Michelle Obama is an amazing woman who shows grace and class as she tells her own personal story. It’s an inspiring book that I hope to share with my own child when she is older. It’s empowering to all people.
 A must have.
 AMAZING
 Excellent book
 Read it in two days! Smart, polished. I love that it reads like a novel and goes so smooth through to the end.
 I purchased four copies of Becoming, 3 as gifts and 1 for me. I am still reading it, but love the book already.  Will give a more extensive review when completed.
 Excellent read
 Great read!!!
 A great read so far
 Fascinating story...i left reading it a bit wiser and more hopeful than I've been of late. There was also a lot of information that I had somehow missed out on during her White House years.
 Great enjoyable reading and I felt like I was in the places Michelle talked about.
 Great book
 You’re going to be so impressed with this.
 I haven't finished it yet, but I love it. O also wish that her and her husband were in the White House.
 Thanks First Lady Michelle Obama for sharing your very interesting successful story!  You are an inspiration to so many, esp. to young women.  Forever grateful.
 Love it
 A down to earth nareation of those experiences that form you as a person...
 If you love Michelle Obama you will love her book!
 This book should be an inspiration to all women, everywhere.  She is a genuine American woman.<br/>I honor her and idolize her.
 I haven’t had an opportunity to read this yet! But I’ve heardnonly great things! I’ll be indulging next month while on vacation!
 It feels like you are sitting with Mrs. Obama as she tells her life  story. It's a very comfortable, easy read. ENJOY!!
 Hearing her story in her voice - priceless!
 Do I really need to say anything it’s Michelle , Chelle Gabe is such a honest look into her life and the key moments she remembers that made her her and her ready for my forever Flotus
 Love it
 I like Michelle obama
 Outstanding
 Love the easy flow of the book and it draws you in like you’re one of her best friends!
 Fascinating book fast shipping
 This was a gift and the recipient loved it!
 This was an amazing book
 VERY INTERESTED
 Excellent read.
 Great book! Well written!! Love her!!!
 Well written book about Ms. Obama’s life.  Thank you for sharing your experiences growing up in Chicago, as a mother, in the White House and as a wife.  I enjoyed learning about all of your accomplishments and the legacy as a First Wife. Looking forward to seeing “what’s next”!
 Great book, love Michelle!
 Excellent read. She really took her time with this book!!! Must read for ALL.
 This was a great book.  Only complaint was that the copy I received was missing 30 pages near the end.  Skipped from 550-something to 580-something.
 Gave as a gift.
 This was a great book one of the best I have ever read
 Awesome book!
 Good condition
 Love it
 It took me 3 weeks to finish but it was informative if you want to know about Mrs. Obama. I wanted to love it so bad.
 Love this book! What an incredible life.
 Excellent reading journey
 I loved the way she set it up and it helped me look at my life... How did I become me and how can I become more
 So encouraging and enlightening. People tend to put anyone in or around politics on another level....this book was so down to earth, it was a great experience to walk through this journey with Mrs. Obama!! I loved the book!!
 What a powerful strong woman. Great read.
 I read every page and enjoyed it. Inspiring story to say the least and it will remain so for many generations to come
 Excellent
 Great book!
 Excellent! Great historical context in the telling of her story. Well written.
 My grandmother loved it!
 EVERY PERSON SHOULD READ THIS ACCOUNT OF THIS ESTRAORDINARY WOMAN!
 LOVE THIS BOOK TOTALLY WORTH PURCHASING!
 Couldn't read the book as there were blank pages in the book.  It started out great until I hit the blank pages.
 Inspirational would recommend to read
 Beautiful!
 Good read!
 this book is sucha great read thanks Michelle
 If you Love Michelle u must read this!!!
 I loved the clarity of the writing, Mrs. Obama, is brilliant writer, but then we all knew that.
 A gentle reminder of strength, resilience, perseverance, love, and grace. All things, unfortunately, sorely missing in this day and age of political cynicism and ongoing scandal.<br/><br/>Admirable genuineness of a beautiful spirit and her story!
 But couldn’t put it down. Michelle tells an astounding story of a real person taking advantage of unreal opportunities.  While I’m relieved Michelle won’t run for office (she has too much integrity) I’m saddened that the field is so thin.
 Loved this book. Now i have even more respect and love for the Obamas and their journey and story. Exemplary couple.
 Michelle Obama weaves her life history into an interesting and insightful narrative.
 I enjoyed her whole story from children to adulthood and her meeting her husband and our POUS her struggles to conceiving her honesty it was a beautiful book I admires Michelle Obama
 she loved it...
 She is amazing
 Excellent read.
 Excellent book! Make me want to be the best version of myself, flaws and all.
 Total winner
 Gave as a gift
 Ms. Obama has done a fabulous job of sharing her experience of being FLOTUS. This book reads like you are in an easy, thoughtful conversation with her! Love, love, love!
 Proud of her
 What an amazing woman Michelle and told her story well!
 A good read.
 Excellent book.  I didn't want your book to end. As flotus you were an inspiration.  Thank you for what you did.<br/><br/>Notatclevel
 Beautifully written, excellent story.  I loved it!
 It was better than I expected!
 this was at times like listening to a friend tell a relatable story over lunch or coffee ... and at other times felt like the first real talk from someone respectable and  in the know about how life in politics really feels. loved it, and will read it again and again
 Her openness about her life.
 What an amazing woman
 Michelle Obama presented her life in a very real way. A way that will continue to empower women for years to come. She thoroughly  shows at every stage of her life, resilience and passion the every woman should not be afraid to release and embrace! Thank you Michelle!!
 Chose this rating because that's what it deserves and more. Loved everything about it and highly recommend it to all.
 Her honesty. Her lively writing and earthy perspectives. The fact she didnt bash other politicians in order to lift herself and Barack.
 Very good read.
 Great memoir. I learned a lot about Michelle and her life that I didn’t know. She is both inspiring and very real. Wonderful memoir
 It's Michelle Obama's thoughts.....what more needs be said!!
 Great story
 Reading this made me feel like I’ve met Michelle Obama, and realize one again how fortunate we all were for 8 years
 Great book
 Amazing woman!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this written History of Michelle.
 its Michelle
 Interesting finding out were she came from, her background.  Nice historical book.  Very well written.  I really enjoyed it.
 Awesome book! I love Michelle Obama even more!
 LOVE
 Bought this book as a gift for my girl friend and she loved it .
 As you read her story you are able to see her world through her eyes, her ability to fit in with everyday people and the upper class to be able to see that the world belongs to all of us not just a select few  I really enjoyed this book
 Yes 1st lady. Easy, visionary read.
 From the first moment I saw Michelle on tv I knew she was a woman I wanted to follow. Her style and regard for all people was comforting in many sorrowful moments in time.  Thank you for sharing your private life with us through this book and God bless you and your wonderful family.
 Wonderful book.
 Great Book
 I loved this book for the openness and honesty of Michelle Obama.  I admire her tenacity.  She is truly a role model for all people not just women.  Thank you Mrs. Obama for your service to this country.  You are truly a person of grace and integrity.
 Awesome read!
 loved item
 It was a truly remarkable inside story that was written with considerable honesty.
 What an amazing life story written with insight, humility and honesty
 A wonderful narrative, with a sense of reality so different from current events. Not sugar coated but also warm and aspirational -- great to hear from her.
 Excellent book. I highly recommend.<br/>Excellent book. I highly recommend.<br/><br/>So refreshing to read as we watch our current president disintegrating before our eyes.
 "Becoming" is a wonderful read. With this memoir Michelle Obama opened herself to the world the same way her family opened the Whitehouse. Well done and appreciated!
 Best book I have read in years, enjoyed it from the very beginning of her life until the end of the book
 So awesome and beautiful a story about Michelle Obama rise from the South side of Chicago to the White House! I got to know her so much better and love her more for her revealing life that impact our history and our future! LOVED IT!
 Thank you so much for your insight, story, dedication to the United States! I miss you and your husband's classy attitudes!
 Mom loves it
 Michelle's ability to dig deep inside &amp; describe for all to vividly see every emotion she experienced during this ride called life was truly amazing.  Done with grace, transparency &amp; humor, "Becoming" is a breath of fresh air so sorely needed by the entire world audience.  Thank you, Michele.
 She is so realistic and inspiring!
 I love it and excited to read it
 Loved this chance to get to know Michelle Obama. What a precious woman, a mentor I will always consider for the many young women what are still becoming as I myself am. Thank you!
 Interesting to get an insight into how families of the president live
 Great book
 Perfect  &amp; the  Price  was Great!!!!
 A great book, a great person and role model.
 Enlightening!
 Enjoying
 She gives the reader good insight about her life and her feelings about politics.
 Love it
 This is the best memoir I’ve ever read. First Lady Michelle Obama tells the story of her life beautifully. This is an outstanding book and should be required reading in literature classes for high school students. Thank you Mrs. Obama for sharing your life with us!
 Boring, don't waste your time
 Loved learning more about this fantastic family.
 Michelle Obama is an inspiration to women everywhere.  Strong, honest, real, and amazing.  I highly reccomend this read to everyone.
 Good read
 Great book
 Happy to give them to my daughters.
 Great read.
 Yes Michelle
 Wonderful summary of the life of a very authentic family touched by a larger than life opportunity.<br/>I am looking forward to Michelle's perspective 20 years or so from now.  I am also interested in<br/>Barack's perspective of the presidential experience.
 There waa something so very warm and personal andI<br/> honest about this.  autobigraphy. Especially loved how she described the grinding details that allowed her to makeger grace look easy.
 Awesome book, beautiful, smart, honest and humble First Lady and family.
 She loved it!!
 Well written, quick and interesting read.
 Christmas gift
 great
 I admire Michelle so much. Love that see is telling her story!
 purchased for a christmas present
 I love having my own, personal, hardback copy.  Her story is very interesting.  Loved the pics.
 reading it now  cant put it down
 Great read of Michelle Obama before becoming and after FLOTUS
 Love it
 In more ways than one. Very personally written and reachable to a large audience. I felt as if a good friend was telling me her story. I was already a fan but this read deepens my devotion.
 Well written. Refreshing honesty. I miss the Obama's in the White House. I respect the hard work put in to her years as First Lady.
 Awesome book
 Authenticity of dialogue v
 This book held my attention from beginning to end.  Well written.  The author allow you to picture exactly what she was describing.
 I knew I’d enjoy reading this book.  I admired Michelle as our First Lady and had a strong feeling getting to know her story was going to cement the respect I have for her and all she has done. A beautiful person, inside and out!
 Just what I expected. Book came in a package very nice and neat.
 Great book and very moving
 Excellent book!
 Not at this time as I'm very moved and need time to compose. I'm originally from a third world country and worked for a while as the National Coordinator of the FORUM FOR WOMEN EDUCATION OR FAWE. Yes, education is most liberating!!!
 I admired Michelle Obhama before I read Becoming and now I'm in awe with her - her love for her husband, her children and her country. Her life, feelings and opinions all wrapped up in one acutely self-aware and transparent account.
 Bought this for a gift, she read it in two days and loved it!
 amazing, can't put the book down. thank you Michelle
 This book was so amazing! I didn’t want to put it down. I loved reliving Michelle’s life in the White House and her upbringing. She is such an inspiration to so many.
 Fantastic book!  Very inspiring and I recommend for all ages!
 Great Read! Very warm and heartfelt. Love Michelle Obama!
 Honest, humble, and a privilege to read.  A wonderful depiction of America at its best.  It was as if she was talking directly to each reader.P
 Reads like a novel.
 What an exceptional women!  So real, so loving and so professional. She accomplished so much, but still remained humble and always seeking to growalways
 Absolutely Outstanding - A Must Read!
 Enjoying it
 I really enjoyed reading this book. It is well written and very interesting. Getting a glimpse into the Obama family was so great.
 After reading Becoming, it mad me love Michelle Obama even more.
 It’s More checkers Obama. Bought two and gave one as a gift.
 Good
 Best book ever! I loved every page!
 Necessary reading for the times, and season.  I love the title and how she uses the word becoming for each phase of her life.  Clever and relatable.
 What I loved the most about this book is the way Michelle shared her insecurities and her spirit.  She didn’t apologize for wanting a career and an identity of her own.  It truly is a story of becoming.
 Very good read.
 A beautifully written memoir by an extraordinary woman who has risked openness to help others.  Her strength and coping mechanisms are a lesson to all.
 I love Michelle Obama authentic, down to earth tone and honesty, she is as real as it gets. And her sense of humor and humility come through in her story, her truth. What a beautiful memoir and an inspiring story for every young girl! This book is unputdownable!
 Loved it great book
 This book is a well-written testimonial by an accomplished (and reluctant) public servant.  Michelle Obama tells her story with great humor.  I found it inspiring.
 I’m not usually someone who enjoys autobiography’s but seeing into a world I’ll never see into has inspired me and given me hope.
 I love the Obamas but this book was a little self-indulgent.  I found myself anxious to get to the end but for the wrong reasons.
 Excellent
 This book was everything I was secretly hoping for and more. I could not put it down!
 Great book
 very interesting
 great book
 Factual, inspirational, motivational and at times humorous side of the life of a politicians spouse. I really enjoyed reading this book and would recommend it to anyone.
 Michelle Obama was and still is an amazing human being.  Her story is so inspiring, especially in these awful political times of today.  It was so refreshing to read about a woman who has become a legend in our time.  well written and a wonderful story.  Didn't want it to end.
 Extremely interesting and well written.<br/>Admirable lady and so humble. Must admit that I hadn’t realized what an amazing person Michelle Obama is.
 Purchased this a gift for my mom. She loves the book!
 Omg love this book, best way to start reading again..
 Good
 Love you Mrs Obama. Please keep writing for all of us. Look forward to you being our next PRESIDENT in 2020........we love you - AMERICA needs you❤️❤️❤️
 My gf is happy with her book. The price was amazing!
 I bought this book to support the first Black First Lady of the United States of America and to read about her experience as such.<br/>You'll be amazed, concerned, understanding, inspired, surprised, in awe, have fun, ...
 I have always admired Michele Obama and this has grown immensely after reading this book.  How she not only survived in the insane political mess in Washington and came out the other side stronger is a miracle.  I miss the Obamas
 Love the First Lady. This is a very good read
 This was a very interesting and easy to read book.  It held my interest throughout.
 Outstanding
 Clear sited, funny and deeply resonant.  I read this and have hope that in the long run the struggle will be worth it
 I lived the pace of this book.  She managed to encapsulate her life creatively fluidly and weirdly efficiently .  The pace was smooth but not rushed.
 I love this book
 Captivating from page one. A portrait of a family who navigated the waters of life in the political spotlight with grace and exceptional integrity. Michelle Obama has earned the title of contemporary American hero!
 Love this book,  feels like I'm there experiencing the different events.
 An amazing view into the life of Michelle.
 My daughter loves it
 Warrior Transition Unit in Alexandria, Virginia She is an amazing woman.  I recommend that one should take the time to read it.
 I am happy to support the Obama family
 It was a beautiful book from the beginning until the end. It was encouraging for all women; it gave me a sense of being there with them in the white house, step by step. I commend them for all they did and went through.  Great Job as First Lady and President.
 Love it
 This book was very well written and very informative. I enjoyed learning the details of the former 1st family.
 I recommend this book to everyone. I liked Michelle's openness and genuiness. I loved learning about her projects and how she affected so many young people in a positive way. I feel inspired to follow her example.
 What a compelling read!  This woman has it in every department and the US is fortunate to have her in a leadership role.  Loved the book.
 Great Gift
 Great read
 great read
 I especially like hearing about Michelle Obama’s childhood and<br/>The parts about their last champagne. She is a good writer
 Beautiful book by a beautiful lady
 Good read.
 Great read
 The book was great.
 Very well written account of life stories and experience's that have led Mrs. Obama to who she is today. Inspiring.
 Michelle Obama’s book is awesome. Easy read and you feel like you are living and walking through the story with her. I feel like I was on the Southside of Chicago.
 Thoughtful, introspective that spanned a childhood very similar to my own and probably very many other black women - to a life long journey or learning and achieving for the better good of others.
 Great book.
 MOTIVATION. INFORMATIVE.
 Great book
 I definitely recommend this book to anyone but especially to young ladies. There is so much hope, promise and encouragement in it.
 Well written
 Well written, entertaining and inspiring.
 An in-depth look at her life and at life in the White House.  A must read no matter your politics
 Love it
 Love it!!
 This incredibly well written book is a must read for every American of all colors, shapes, beliefs and political persuasions.  Becoming is a must read for all people  who who choose  to live with moral integrity,
 I aspire to her grace and hard-working optimism. This book only confirms what I already knew- she's a national treasure. Thank you, Michelle, for lifting us up through difficult times.
 Awesomely written and awesomely read!
 Love Flotus!
 Love!
 Purchased 2 books!
 This book is AWESOME,  a definite page Turner! I love her candidness, her writing is impeccable! Michelle Obama will forever be a positive role model &amp; inspiration!
 Excellent book and so easy to read. Our First Lady showed us what a First Lady can do and she did it to the Max.<br/>I like the way she loved and treated her family. If more people would follow her example the world would be a better place.
 Every time I picked this book up, my eyes welled with tears soon after. Tears of hope and pride. Michelle’s story is written so beautifully in these pages that I found myself trying to slow down and savor every word. I didn’t want it to end.
 I love this book Michelle keeps it real!
 This book was wonderful. Michelle Obama was open and honest about her experiences on the  campaign trail and her experiences as the First Lady.
 Becoming was even better than I had anticipated,just wow.Michelle is an awesome role model for all women.
 I bought this for my sister as a birthday gift and she absolutely love it
 Looks good
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS BOOK
 To read.
 Amazing book!
 Michelle Obama is true to her words. Her story was new, enticing and thought provoking. Although the ‘political’ path to elections were not my favorite (due to our current climate) they were necessary. I completely enjoyed her sharing her personal journey.
 The book is written with love and honesty. It flows seamlessly through Michelle's life. It is filled with insights into the life of a girl who rose from her  inner city life to become an outspoken jewel, the most refreshing First lady of the United States.
 A wonderful read! An honest portrayal of Family !
 Great read!
 This book was more than I expected.  I had no idea of the personal history of her life. My wife was  surprised I was reading this book.  So was I.  Thanks for writing it.
 This was a great read.
 My wife, who loves biographies, is reading this now. So far, she likes it a lot.
 Awesome
 Great book
 Awesome!
 Got this as a gift for my Mom for Christmas! Love it!!
 Loved Becoming!  Michelle Obama writes from the heart.
 Such a lovely lady
 My wife can't put it down.
 everyone should read this. one of the best books ever.
 Love, love it.  Great insight on what it's like to be Michelle.
 Becoming is an honest look inside the life of First Lady, Michelle Obama.<br/>It makes for an interesting &amp; great read!
 So well written!  I found it to be a page turner, surprisingly.  It’s informative and at times I forgot I was reading about the First Lady - real world issues.  Loved this book and may re-read it!
 Love love loved this book! It’s a wonderful read!
 Great book.  Great reading.  Mrs. Obama is an inspiration to all!
 I am utterly impressed with not only the excellent writing but also the entertainment factor. I feel like I got great insight into Michelle Obama’s life as well as White House livimNg. I now want to be friends with Michelle!
 I am enjoying my book!
 Book club
 Very Good Read
 Simply amazing. I learned that life atl being challenges, but it is a choice to rise above them and keep going. Loved learning more about Michele and the White House.
 Perfect, beautiful writing by an educated string woman.
 I want to learn more about this lady!
 Love it
 It’s Michele Obama so of course it’s amazing!
 Very readable. I was hoping for more political background and so on. Still interesting, glad I read it.
 Simply enjoyable.
 This is a memoir. Yet this is also an ode to who everyone wants to be. The difficulties are damning but they’re also honest about what to expect if we’re to aspire to some form of public goodness
 It is a gift
 I love Michelle Obama and can't wait to read what I know will be an amazing book.
 Amazing First Lady
 I loved everything about this book!!!
 A nice read and down to earth.
 Well written.
 Not only is Michelle an amazing and captivating author, but her insights into her life were down right spiritual. She gives a positive, easy hope to me; a middle class white woman, helping me to be truly compassionate. Thank you Michelle.
 Good book very personal.  The pictures were a nice touch
 Takes us on a journey of her amazing life. How lucky we are to have had these people in our lives.
 This is one of the best written books I have ever read. I felt like Michelle Obama was sitting next to me telling me her story. What a smart warm and  compassionate woman. I hated for the book to end.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It gave me some insights as to how President Obama and Michelle and their daughters , plus Grandmother were dealing with their new life. Thank you Michelle for sharing.
 I’ve always had deep respect for Michelle Obama. This book was an amazing look at her life and struggles of not just her, but her family. Highly recommend.
 Well written and fun read as well as an inspirational biography.
 Great for grandma
 5 stars, all the way. Great book.
 You may want to watch Michael Moore’s documentary on Amazon Prime for free before purchasing this book. Also watch Snowden.doc on Netflix... you may have a different opinion of Barack. I had put them both too high on a pedestal... now,  so disappointed.
 Great gift.
 Bought this for my fiancé and she loves it. If she’s happy, I’m happy.
 What a fabulous book, by a very special woman!
 No problem with the book but we had problems with packaging twice! First it came without a cover and just the grey hard cover... and next it came with a torn paper cover - we gave up and kept the torn one :(
 Excellent book about her life growing up poor in Chicago’s south side and becoming our nation’s first Africa American First Lady. Little on politics, a lot on her efforts to build a better America and world.
 A beautifully written book by former First Lady, Michelle Obama. Her story is a true American story. Her depth, insights and truth are awe inspiring. It was refreshing to her story and her point of view of what transpired during her family’s tenure in the White House.
 Great book
 It is a page turner that gives the reader insight into a admirable yet complex lady.
 Bought for my wife who has raved about the book, how important the lessons are therein, and how interesting the storytelling is. She was an English major and is a smart lady. I will be reading it soon.
 A must read! I got this for my book club. The books arrived ontime and was able to begin reading! I recommend this book for everyone. The book is both rewarding and life changing.
 This is one of my favorite books. I could not put it down. Read  it in 2 days. Michelle is a beautiful strong amazing classy woman. She is everything I imagined her to be and then some. I loved this book so much that I've been buying it for my friends.
 This book is really great! Couldn’t stop reading! She’s incredible! Love her and this book
 Love this book. It is just a great read and give you some insights of her life before, during and after the White House.
 Jacket cover arrived torn a bit and a few of the pages didn't print.  Odd!!!
 Excellent journey into life of Mrs Obama
 Loved this book - she gave great insight on where she came from - and a great peek into what life in the White House was really like for both she and her family.  I highly recommend this book.
 Inspired. This woman possesses incredibly disciplined perspective. I aspire to be as honest with myself and in tune with my truth.
 I am beyond satisfied
 Everything you’d hope to hear from our former First Lady, but even more so everything you hope other women of accomplishment would share about their journeys.  It was heartfelt, strong, smart, funny and inspiring.  Loved it from start to end.
 Excellent book. It's a story of learn oneself and finding love that helps you grow. Becoming more ☆♡
 Absolutely loved this book, the more I read the more I felt like her actual friend.
 SO GOOD!
 Amazing and honest insight from the former First Lady. She's a class act and tells a rivioting story about her life. I would highly recommend
 Excellent Book!  Very insightful and at times heartbreaking to know what the Obamas went through.  I'm so glad they persevered and became the best President and First Lady ever!!
 Reading the first couple of pages I got cold chills. I cannot wait to read this book and highly recommend this!
 Did not want to put it down. Awesome 👏🏾 so proud of Michelle
 As expected
 Inspiring and thoughtful. Excellent book! I loved the audio version as well. So much I didn’t know about our First Lady
 Great book
 Loved this book. Her story, her voice, her narrative are something I always wanted to know.
 I love this book!
 My daughter is happy.
 On becoming Michelle Obama was a delightful book.  easy reading, a page turner.  I trully enjoyed reading this book, learning more about our first black first lady.  She is so intelligent, well read and gracious.  If you are looking for an easy read, pick this book.
 Excellent read
 Buy it and you will not be disappointed
 Can't put the book down, so well written.  Inspiring stories from our former First Lady Michelle Obama and her beautiful family.
 Thoroughly  enjoying this book
 Great Read! Outstanding woman!
 Great book!! Such great in sight.
 Thank you, Michelle Obama, for sharing yourself with the world. Becoming gives me hope that another Obama-like family will occupy our White House again - very soon!
 Beautifully written.  A must read!
 Best book ever. Luv it
 Such a well written book! She is so real, so honest. It takes you through her entire life to date. Truly a remarkable woman. Loved it and have bought several copies for friends.
 Didn't give it 5 stars because I knew the ending. Good read with lots of insight into her childhood. Highly recommend.
 I Liked the story and details Michelle shares on this book, the narrative is engaging.
 Best book ever!
 Perfect
 I felt like Ms. Obama was sitting in my living on my sofa with me and telling her story. Beautifully written. What an amazing woman.
 Absolutely excellent read.
 I loved it and her.
 I've only read a couple of chapters so far and I already love it!
 Great book!
 Love it
 Cant put it down . She is real you can realate to her story. A must read.
 A must read book
 I love this book with all the family pictures.
 Did not want it to end (very much like your time in the White House.) Thank you for your transparency.
 Well written, captivating book. I love M.O. and her story!
 A great read!!
 Loved this book. While reading the book, I felt like we were sitting down together over coffee. She is an incredible lady and her book was very much her own story.
 Refreshing and inspiring
 i recommend getting the audio book in addition to the kindle version. i enjoyed hearing the stories of serious issues along with the humorous stories.
 Loved The book, especially her openness and candor. There is nothing not to like. She is also an excellent writer and story teller.  This was also just plain fun to read.
 I loved this book. I learned that living in the White House in that incredible fish bowl is something that, for a family, is something I never want to go through. It’s amazing that anyone wants to do it.
 Absolutely wonderful! She is such a great role model!
 This book is so touching , it reads like Michelle is right there . Its a beautiful Heartfelt account of being First Lady &amp; her goals in life as well as who she is. An inspiration to us all.
 Absolutely wonderful book by a wonderful woman!
 Gifted
 Love the way the story is told! Inspiring read! Especially enjoyed becoming me!!!!!
 Wonderful insight into how a black girl from a poor neighborhood in south side of Chicago became the First Lady of the United States. She is a role model for women everywhere.
 Good read!
 Like being a fly on the wall. Personal account of her experience in becoming who she is and the tolls.
 This book was a fantastic read. I wanted to know who Michelle Obama really was and this book served that purpose. When I see her pictures or interviews, I feel closer to her and show she is. Some of the political info was a little heavy for me, but I appreciate it purpose.
 Insightful.  Great read.
 Michelle Obama’s ability to bring you into her world with her detailed and relatable stories made this book approachable, real and engaging. A great read well worth the investment of time.
 Honest, graceful and inspiring. This is a must read for all and a must share with young people,especially young women. Obama humbly tells her story and those of everyday Americans. Just what we needed in the current political state of our country.
 Can't put it down. I need more of her. ❤☕
 THE BOOK: After opening the package, the book looked flawless. My sister pointed out a little damage on the bottom right corner. It wasn’t terrible and I didn’t mind at all.<br/><br/>THE STORY: Awesome book. Though I disagree with some of her beliefs and political points, I must say after reading this book, I feel like we are best friends with differences. And I’ve learned that it’s totally okay.
 Many scenes resonate with me. My dreams from when i could recall, my aspirations and fate just as you describe brings it all together.<br/>Thank you for this book. MO.<br/>Forever my mentor in my mind who i might never meet in person.<br/>Evelyn,Tema-Ghana
 I loved reading about how Michelle grew up, and the process of her and Barak working through the whole election process and maintaining their family.
 Excellent
 I enjoyed this book from beginning to end, even the Acknowledgements!  I laughed, I cried, and I realized how much I miss this family. Thank you, Michelle, for this glimpse into your life and your perspective.
 Excellent book
 Love this book
 Love this book
 Delivered on time, great quality.
 Loved the book, hard to put down. Was great to hear the "backstory" on many events, and best of all, get a little hope in my heart again!
 What an inspiring book - she is firmly rooted and allows her vulnerability to show.  She’s a very good writer and reminds me of how blessed we were to have the Obamas in the White House.  I hope she keeps on writing.
 So enjoyed reading this book.  Michelle is a great success story from humble beginnings all the way to the White House.  Loves learning more about her early years and how they shaped the amazing woman she has become.
 I liked that she was truthful about her life. I was able to relate to her challenges and triumphs.<br/>My daughters and daughter-in -law received the book for Christmas gifts. They have read the book with great joy.
 I am presently reading this book and am so enjoying it...... inspirational
 Got it as a gift for my grandmother, she is really enjoying the book 😊
 Everything went well shipping and great book
 Very insightful and inspiring. A real taste of sn extraordinary adventure. Honest and engaging of all roles of a modern woman.
 Loved that it came so fast!
 I can really relate to some of the things Mrs. Obama has written about. She's so real!!
 aspiring to be a better person but remember where you came from and to be more grateful
 Excellent read
 She loved her book!!!!!
 Gift for friend.  She loved it!
 I'm trying to read it slow. It our 1st book for our new ladies book club.
 Great read
 I loved Michelle Obama's brutal honesty and authenticity throughout the book. Great read and very inspiring to all women, especially minority women.
 Wonderful memoir. Michelle's narration made it so intimate. Beautiful writing.
 Though you named this book BECOMING to symbolize  perpetual growth, movement and change , I must say that the force that is our beloved  Michelle  Obama is not only  becoming, but in fact has ARRIVED!
 Honest, relevant and timely read. A humble, refreshing insight into her life and her journey as a daughter, wife, mom and First Lady.
 Thank you, ,Michelle, for sharing your story! I feel I got to know you in a very personal way, and I really appreciate your values and  accomplishments. By your actions, you have inspired an entire generation to improve conditions in this world.
 Fantastic read, received as promised, and I ❤❤❤ that Amazon had large print as an option.
 A touching memoir from an amazing First Lady. Definitely worth the price and the time to read.
 A very thorough  and enlightening peek into the fabulous First Lady and the roads she’s traveled. I recommend this book to anyone that is curious about the Obama’s trajectory as well as anyone that needs “ lifting up” and to renew their hope.
 Refer to the headline.
 Love the book. Love the woman.
 The entire experience was like talking to a good friend.
 Becoming is the must read book! Her story is inspiring and refreshing. In the days of "alternative facts" honesty is a nice change and what we expect from our prior first lady! Loved it!
 Package was just right
 Major book for library
 This was a slow read for me because I wanted to hold on to every word. The labor of love and humility my sister but in this book was felt. So many feelings came over me,happy, sad, joyful, powerless, hurt, hopeful. I see you and you see me. Thank you.
 Loved this book. I
 love is Brooke so much I've been telling everyone about it. I suggest everyone read this book. If you already admired Michelle Obama you will love her now
 Nice read
 Would recommend
 Everyone should read this book. It is an eyeopener on so many levels. Thank you, Michelle, for sharing your life.
 This book was an inspiration to me. I have always admired Michelle Obama because she always comes across as the "real deal"! She is not afraid to show her humanness.
 Love the book! What a special look into her life.
 Would recommend highly.
 What an extraordinary documentation of Michelle Obama's life. This book is beautifully written to keep you intrigued until the end. It is both motivating and inspiring. We so need this story at this time in our American history. Please read it!
 Great book, wonderful reading
 The book answered so many questions, I have about life, race, equality and gender-gap! Raising bi-racial children myself, I found strength and hope in every of Mrs. Obama’s words. “When they go low, we go high”!!!
 Fantastic Reaf
 Gripping read
 This is a great Christmas gift for my mother!!
 Interesting
 Michelle is amazing!
 I could relate to so much!! Thanks Michelle Obama for sharing your story! 💕
 So well written and one of the most informative books written<br/><br/>A great insight into everyday life in the Obama administration<br/><br/>Thank you Michelle for this book and thank you to my book club for choosing it as our selection.
 Love
 Very nice reading
 Michelle is brilliant, beautiful, strong, smart, and real. Love love love
 Simply, a must read!
 I am not a typical reader but I was hooked on this book. I love how it was a story and not an opinion.
 For history
 I like the book and very inspiring
 Loved this book of 1st lady.
 Mom loved this book
 Gift
 Very interesting, a bit tedious.
 Easy read yet great inspiration!! Great conversation piece!
 Mrs. Obama’s book is very interesting and entertaining. It provides a revealing look into her early life, as well as her years as the first lady.
 This book is clear and direct in voicing her perspective on complex events.
 Very candid and open look into Michelle Obama's life journey.  I recommend this book to anyone who is open to learning about others.  Very, very good read! D
 Started off a bit slow, but I stuck with it and I'm glad I did. After a couple chapters,  I couldn't put it down. The only part I didn't like was the ending because that meant the journey was over.
 Reading this book was so inspiring.  What a human Michelle Obama is!  It reads<br/>like a really good novel, but it is ALL fact and truth.  More admiration for a woman<br/>I admire.
 I LOVED this honest, heart warming story of Michelle Obama and her journey in life to where she is today. Every young woman<br/>should read this!
 is a great book. would recommend anyone to read
 This is very well written story of Mrs. Obama's life.
 Love the book cant put it down
 I got this as a gift for one of my best friends. The book arrived in great condition and she loved it! Would recommend (:
 What a great read.
 Although I'm a Republican at heart, this book gave new meaning to freedom...to speak, be heard and to grow as a nation. Was throughly delighted by the writing and loved how expertly Michelle drew the reader in with a story I'll never forget.
 Awesome book!!
 Words cannot express how insightful this book is!
 I like the book
 Would recommend
 Wonderful well written memoir. I waz excited,  in tears,  laughing out loud, wishing I was there.  Thank you Michelle  for showing how a Lady should be.
 Pleasant, interesting read
 Great price. Waiting to read the book. Good job guys.
 Political leanings aside, every mother of a daughter should read this book.
 Great book
 Amazing book from start to finish. This book was well written, she touched on every thought, every moment from childhood to present. Best book I have read thus far, not sure what’s next to read since I can’t imagine any possible contenders.
 Great read.
 Loved everything about this book.  Mrs. Obama's honesty  and hopefulness and just plain love were heartbreaking and heartwarming at the same time.  Wishing only the best for her and her family.
 This book is great, very relatable.
 Great read from the former FLOTUS. We already knew she is amazing. This book justifies why she will is the most loved and respected FLOTUS in the history of the US. And, she is also an AWESOME wife and mother!
 It's a candid view of Mrs. Obama, from childhood through the end of her husband's presidency. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 What a life.  I enjoyed this book.  Michelle works incredibly hard at everything she does.  Thank you for your example.
 Nice book a gift for Christmas they will like it
 What a wonderful and moving memoir!  I do not make it a habit to approach strangers but I was in my local bookstore and saw a woman pick up this book.  I put my hand on her shoulder amd told her it was marvelous, uplifting and a must read.  She bought the book.
 Reading it
 Mrs Obama shares her most memorable moments and inspirational quotes throughout the book!
 So far it’s a good read!
 Order was on time! I am just enjoying reading this book!
 a fabulous book sprinkled with humor, a little drama and tears  She is indeed an inspiration
 Great Xmas gift for the reader in the family
 Reading this book s like having a personal conversation with Michelle Obama. You feel her joy and suffer her anxieties right along with her.<br/>I recommend this book to everyone, but especially to women, young and old, who are struggling to become
 Must pick up to read
 A must-read for all Americans...especially women!
 Very well written. A piece of history that should be remebered.
 Great book
 I really enjoyed looking through the perspective of the former FLOTUS, Michelle Obama, experiences in the White House and what the journey was like to get there. This is one of the very few books I could read again and learn something new each time.
 Very good
 This book was an excellent read. Michelle Obama expertly wove a story of perseverance and love. Looking forward to additional stories relating to life in the bubble!!
 Powerful and sincere. Shows how ordinary people can accomplish extraordinary things. Should be recommended reading for elementary school on up.
 Interesting book
 Pre-order is the best!!!!
 I really enjoyed the openness of Mrs. Obama’s book, she kept me wanting more and not wanting it to end.  She is a good role model, she is just awesome!!!
 Best ever audiobook memoir. Michelle we're so sad you aren't secretly considering a run for president, but we love you showing up all the places and telling it how it is!
 This was the best book I have read in a long time. She is an amazing woman and an inspiration to all of us.
 What’s not to like?
 I bought it as a gift for someone, she love’s it
 She loved her gift.
 Upon arrival the cover was torn a little in the top left corner, but I won't trip.... This time.
 Muy bien relatada su niñez, buenísimo el enfoque sobre sus metas. Muy explicativa en su relato de la campaña presidencial. Amena en lo que se refiere al período presidencial. Muy bien resumido e interesante.
 Loved the whole book and the behind the scenes stories.<br/>A wonderful story of truth and grace .  I will recommend it to everyone I know.
 A rare and beautiful account packed with education, information, honesty, and love. I highly recommend listening to the audio book as you read. Her voice adds a certain depth and empowerement to this already amazing piece of art!  An absolute must read!
 An awesome read
 Very well written, and interesting.  I want to be just like her when I grow up.
 I rated Michele Obama's powerful book with 5 stars because it distilled the strength of the writer and of our nation.  Her clear writing reveals  the power of love, compassion, and clear conviction to move us toward a better society and world.
 A balanced and interesting behind the scenes look at what it’s like to be First Lady and what it takes to get there. Felt like a really honest take; warts and all...
 What a great opportunity to get to know Michelle and Barack Obama and their humanity, integrity, sense of dignity and humor.
 I have not read this book yet. I gave it 5 stars because I am a Michelle Obama fan and have heard and read many great reviews of the book.
 This will be one of my favorite books of all time. Michelle Obama gives me hope for the future of this country!
 I thought it was very well written. Very truthful.
 Not only was it easy to read, but also very direct, reading about Michelle Obama is like reading about the girls I mentor, she brings you into her world, showing us that through it all, she remains the girl from south side, Chicago.
 A must read. Always admired the Obamas but after reading this book I am admiration.They are close to perfection as can be and are genuinely loving and caring people.
 It is great getting to know about her journey. Great read.
 Awesome!
 Gift for my beautician.
 Very interesting. Enjoyed it very much. Always liked her, but now admire her even more.
 A++++++++++
 I expected a good read and was not disappointed.  Michelle Obama has always displayed Grace and dignity in her role of first lady and has done so once again, as a private citizen, in a well written, very interesting book.
 Highly recommend! Courageously honest, encouraging, and enlightening self-reflection of the former FLOTUS.
 I ordered this book for my grand daughters and they loved it!
 AMAZING BOOK!!! I promise you will not want to put it down. I would recommend everyone to purchase a copy.
 Very well written autobiography and interesting to read
 I read the book because I admire Michelle Obama and wanted to hear from her in her voice
 Wonderful book. Michelle is  open,  honest, humorous revealing &amp; encouraging.  A must read. I just attended her book tour here in Denver.  A life changing experience. Attend if you can. She was totally awesome !!!
 It seemed to be an honest account of what it was to be a first lady, wife and mom.  The book made me appreciate the Obama family even more.
 Great
 Love her even more
 Excellent book
 Loved everything about the book
 Everyone should purchase this book.
 I would recommend this book to everyone. I so enjoyed learning more about Mrs. Obama. Loved the candid way she told all about herself and her family. I'm sure I will read again in the future.
 Such a great book. A must read.
 It's Michelle Obama, i gave this book as a gift to my daughter, she was estatic, and so was I.
 I love reading real and interesting stories. Wonderful read.
 Love
 First it’s not about politics but about the joys and worries that all women face - our children, our marriages, our jobs, our communities, our country, our world. It is real and heartfelt and optimistic. It is a joy to read and to reflect on. Read it.
 One of the best First Ladies, Humble, Intelligent and a person that you would invite over for Dinner and into your life
 What is not to like and The FIRST LADY SPEAKING and READING TO YOU!!!
 I loved her authenticity and relatability!<br/><br/>She didn’t do a lot of demeaning our current president!! I wanted more of that but like she says Obama Family Mantra is “when they go low we go high”!!
 I love this book.
 Great read of an amazing woman who also happened to become First Lady of the United States. Her determination to excel as student, Lawyer, Mother, and FLOTUS is motivational and moving. Kudos to Michelle for doing it all so gracefully.
 Wow! What a book - I read it in one sitting. Loved every single page :)
 A very personal account of things the public might never become aware of.
 I love this woman. She is an inspiration to the world. I cherish this book.
 Thank you Mrs. Obama for being you; an amazing woman for our girls to look up to. You and your husband are a breath of fresh air and gave me hope again that people can make a difference. Thank you for sharing your life with us.
 Page turner. Inspiring. Real roll model
 I enjoyed this book she really hit a home run.
 Love this book.
 We need more people with her values and honesty in our government.  She represents the best that America has to of.
 Exceptionally well written by Mrs. Obama.  Provides great insight into the Obama family and the Obama White House from FLOTUS.
 It’s Mrs Obama
 Great biography. Very inspiring.
 Very good.  Wondered how you navigate becoming the first black FLOTUS and she did it beautifully.  Her parents were wonderful, we should all have parents like that.  Have been recommending it.to everyone.
 I felt a little tired in the beginning but I'm glad I continued reading. Mrs. Obama is a natural writer!
 Michelle met every challenge that was thrown at her with charm, knowledge, and grace.
 I real quite a lot.  I found this to be very "down to earth" and enjoyable.  I had no idea that Michelle was raised lower, middle class.  I think the Obama's were the only classy couple to have lived in the White House in my lifetime.
 Gave deep insight into her life from childhood until end of Obama presidency
 Amazing! Luv Michelle!!
 The read was awesome. I totally recommend reading this book.
 I had a great experience listening to this amazing book. Thanks Michelle for pouring out your heart.
 Best price for this book.
 What an inspiration to everyone.
 love her
 I would recommend this book to anyone.  It is heartwarming and so honest.  The words take you on her journey to becoming Michelle.  I love this book.
 So looking forward to a few days, after the holidays, that I can sit and just enjoy this book about one of my most favorite women in this world.
 An interesting read no matter what your party affiliation...
 Michelle shares with SO much class!
 This woman is incredibly talented
 I have become a Michelle Obama fan.
 Michelle has written her story with love and compassion as only she could do. Her vulnerability and strength wrapped up in a truly amazing presentation of her time in history.
 This book was missing pages. Some were blank😕
 Still reading but it's very engaging as Michelle Obama takes us through important parts of her life
 Good book. Can’t wait to hand it down.
 Gave this book to my Best Friend as a gift and she absolutely loved it! There were parts that were super touching. This book really humbles Michelle Obama and makes her relatable. Based on my friend's comments, this was a great read!
 It was so nice reading and hearing an articulate woman who always handled herself with grace and poise.
 I'm a Michelle Obama fan.
 Can't wait to read.
 Excellent read.
 So many personal feelings and thoughts of a truly wonderful woman, wife, mother, daughter and friend.  This book left me feeling proud that I lived during the Obama era.
 Enjoyed reading about lives and people whose experiences are so different from my own. God bless the Obamas for their service to us and our country.
 A must read!!! She's an amazing woman, mother, wife first and foremost. And just as much of an amazing first lady. Her story is amazing.
 Her life was real and she was what I thought. A very great person yet very down to earth even being a First Lady.
 A great read... I smiled, cried, and got chill bumps! I just finished the book and plan to read it again.
 Great read.!!! Such an Amazing woman!!!
 Loved this book. She  is an inspiration. Her perspective is clear and she is extremely self aware. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a good quality read.
 A read you wouldn't want to miss!
 Michelle Obama is a real inspiration to all Americans that education and commitment to higher ideals will make a difference.
 Read entire book on a lazy Saturday afternoon
 Love it! Mrs. Obama’s words made me proud. The insider glimpse into her historic 8 years was all that I had hoped❤️.
 Excellent book. Highly recommend.
 Love it
 Such insight into the life of a first LADY.  Couldn't put it down.
 Love it! LOVE HER!
 My fiancée was so happy to get this for Christmas
 Similarities of middle class life/values on Chicago's South side and Iowa farm country. Grace dealing with Princeton's elitism or that at Sidley Austin. Style! Class! Decency! Excellence!
 It’s a fun read and wonderful story. I love that it’s not about politics but about courage and staying sane under pressure.
 Good book &amp; priced well.
 It's everything I would expect from our Forever FLOTUS: honest, compassionate, reflective, optimistic. So many amazing stories that both humanize and immortalize the Obamas.
 My daughter's favorite Christmas gift!
 I’m not a fan of autobiographies. I try to reas them and generally, I give up. But Michelle is a great storyteller. I love her humility and perseverance. I love her parents.  Such a great peek into the presidency as well. Highly recommended!
 Loved
 I liked all of it
 Loved the book and did not want it to end. It is a very easy read. She is an amazing woman.
 This book made me proud to be an American in a time when that is not an easy thing to feel.
 I loved it, she is so real. I wish they were still in the White House.
 Outstanding
 I was surprised at the normality of her childhood and early adulthood.  You often think of public people as having fantastic, unusual lives.  The book is very educational about what being in politics can be like.  Well written and worth the time.
 Wonderful Book, enjoyed it throughly. I do so admire her and the love of her family shows throughout the book. She is beautiful, well educated and smart. I usually read non-fiction and as a rule don't enjoy auto-biographs, this was the exception.
 Such a beautiful story. A very easy read. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone.
 Bought for gift
 What a wonderful return to sanity. Love hearing her 'voice' again. Inspiring story about an amazing woman and her family.
 Best seller for a reason and a perfect gift
 A wonderful read of becoming.
 Michelle Obama you rock!!!
 Reading her story only reinforced reasons I love Michelle Obama!
 Excellent
 Great read.
 There was nothing about this book I disliked, and would recommend that everyone read it!  We should all strive to become!
 Awesome read!  Learned a lot about our beautiful FLOTUS!
 An amazing First Lady who lifts us all up with her amazing story well  told.  Her care, honesty and can do optimism has left an indelible mark on the world that will continue to inspire new leaders women and men alike for generations.
 book shows what a wonderful every day kind of woman she is. I would love to have her as a friend.
 The Obama family were amazing people, relatable, smart, hardworking, classy and yet down-to-earth.  If you want to feel proud to be an American again, and be hopeful that things will change for the better in 2020, read this book!
 Inspiring, insightful and brilliantly honest. Thank you Michelle Obama for letting us, your public, into your life, for being so dedicated and especially for being the picture of grace and strength ♡
 Got a little slow in the campaign stuff but a good look into the heart and soul of a class act  Good reminder what honor service  and dignity in the White House looks like
 Awesome Book! Arrived quickly.
 I had to read a true message of honesty , love, patriotism, kindness and more to keep alive my beliefs and hopes for America. We are under attack to divide and deadly demoralize us.
 I loved this profoundly genuine and personal book from the first revealing word to the very last, achingly poignant one!
 This was one of the best books I've read.  I needed something positive to read about our Country because since Thump was elected I've been totally depressed.
 Excellent!!
 I read this to form my own opinion of the Obama Family.
 I love her honesty and candor. She tells a great story of her determination and grit as well as how she helped others. What a story!
 Fascinating and captivating, I enjoyed every aspects of it. I strongly recommend!
 A must read. It’s Michelle Obama what more can I say. Love, Love, Love
 Awesome read
 Love it great read and fast delivery
 I love total honesty in people and this is a very unique, honest and insightful quest for a personal reality-check in a<br/>very unforgiving political environment. How does any of us adapt to a very precarious enviroment.
 Thank you.
 So relatable no matter your background or where you come from.  Gives me hope that we can all be better- we all deserve better.
 This book was absolutely amazing! I could literally hear Ms. Obama’s voice while reading. As if she was sitting in my living room having a candid discussion about her life!! This is a MUST read!!!!
 makes for a great gift!
 Enjoyed reading this memoir.
 Michelle knocked it out of the park<br/>Page Turner great book.
 I appreciated the honesty with which the book was written. A great inside look at marriage, motherhood, racism and politics. I truly admire Michelle Obama!
 Very good.  Down to earth reading. Feels like you are there with them
 It was refreshing to hear the story told by Michelle herself.  I felt connected to her throughout the reading.  Her compassion, dignity, honesty, and character are refreshing given our current political climate.
 Arrived in fine condition, no problems at all.
 Interesting, emotional, inspiring and so down to earth!! Reading the book made me admire Mrs. Obama even more so!! Highly recommend this book!
 Read this if you want to be inspired to move past barriers, become your true self and share that with others. Michele Obama’s autobiography is a true gift.
 I loved the book. This behind the scenes account of the life thus far of an amazing lady is very inspiring.
 I thought it was an excellent book.  It was good to hear a First Lady's opinion of life in the White House.
 Loved her transparency, openness and optimism. It gave me hope. What an amazing woman. And her work with girls and women from all walks of life around the globe is truly needed and inspiring.
 I am so happy with my purchase. This book is amazing.
 I would recommend this book to anyone who needs confirmation that they can do anything. I miss their confidence that our country will be ok.
 Michelle touched my heart. Her childhood was similar to mine and so many who grew up in urban America. Because she sees dignity in everyone, it is so easy to see the dignity in her as well as the desire to carry on her legacy of dignity and respect.
 Everything I expected and more.
 Michelle. Obama writes eloquently.  She is brilliant, compassionate, a and down-to-earth; most of all, she is a real human being.
 I liked the book very much.... there were many things to relate to.... like when she spoke about her kids, her relationships with family, friends and people she worked with. Her issues and concerns are so real.
 Love this book!
 Fantastic, invigorating read.  A candid review of the double standards we live with.  A tribute to a learned, devoted wife who has her own stature.  Ruth Frazer-Munroe
 Great
 she is awesome ! the book is awesome ! great  read !
 I loved the way the book detailed Michelle’s journey through life, all the stages. A normal kid becomes something remarkable, in a very normal way. Thank you for becoming!
 A MUST HAVE FOR ONES PERSONAL LIBRARY!
 Loved
 A good read!
 She's was one of the best first lady.
 Should be required reading
 She’s amazing.
 Best Memoir Ever
 If you think it’s not possible to like Michelle Obama more....get this book!
 Very good and interesting read.  Michelle speaks very well.  Makes me feel like I grew up with her.  Her success was obtain with a goal and a mission. Everyone needs to know and feel that they too can succeed.
 Great read!
 The book exceeded my expectations.  I thought I liked Michelle Obama before I read her book but now I love Michelle Obama.  Wish the story kept on going.
 I lobed every bit of this memoir... it is so difficult to pht it down to do something else. It kept me glued, made me learn and gave me hope that if she can i to can.
 Powerful, unforgettable experience. I enjoyed every chapter. Nice voice of Michelle Obama .
 Its Michelle Obama<br/>What else needs to be said
 She's my hero.
 The book is simply amazing! Detailed! Genuine! Real! FLOTUS for life! This book made me love and appreciate her even more!
 An Inspiring and easy read. Mrs. Obama reveals details about her life that are relatable which allows the reader to become deeply connected to her story.
 in American society, life, politics &amp; presidency. But above all a touching, inspiring and empowering story with all the ups and downs life throws at you, of an amazing woman!<br/>Absolutely captivating read.
 My heart was warmed by Michelle Obama's wonderful story - she shared so many intimate pieces of her life. She's an amazing role model for girls and women everywhere.
 I AM IN LOVE! The book arrived late even though I preordered but it is amazing and was worth the delay.
 After reading this book my admiration and respect for Michelle Obama has more than doubled what it was before, if that is even possible.  I would recommend this book to everyone not just women.
 BEST BOOK EVER!
 Can't put it down....
 I love it!
 I love that she express her beliefs about how a family can support their family and still be their self.
 Becoming is enlightening, inspirational, encouraging, and empowering.  It is an honest look into life in America and all it's challenges and rewards.
 Recommend for all readers seeking to understand Michelle Obama’s journey thus far. Very well written and definitely provides insight into the paths we take toward becoming more than just ‘me’.
 One of the best books I read in 2018. I loved the uncensored version of Michelle’s story and her unrelenting perseverance in the face of challenges. It is a must read for women and young girls.
 I chose this book because it was recommended to me when I said that I did not like political biographies because they usually sound self serving and unrealistic.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone, but my husband already declined.
 One of the best books on the market today or even the best ever
 Excellent reading that reflects the turmoil that has been placed on minority in this great country by a few illiterates.  If more people would read history the end result in 2016 would probably be different.
 What a fantastic read and insight into an incredible woman. Hers is quite the story. I understand why she has no desire to run, but, wow, we could use someone like her in office.
 Covers Michelle's early life and of course her meeting with Barack and her role as First Lady!
 It's so well written and I love some of the surprising facts that are sprinkled throughout the book.  I admire this woman even more after reading her autobiography!
 Really enjoyed learning more about this amazing woman and a .peek into life in the White House. Thank you for your service to our country!
 Fantastic book!  Loved every minute of the read.  Can't believe how much I related to in my life too.  Can't  wait to see the next chapter in her becoming.  Bet it will be great!
 I am happy I purchased this for myself. I am able to listen, while I am driving.
 I loved her story. This woman is so inspiring! Very well written and very interesting. I enjoyed reading about her life growing up in Chicago, and I loved hearing about life inside the White House. Only wish the book were longer!
 good book
 Loved this book! We miss the Obama family.
 Great book and very inspiring.  Once you start reading you can not put it down.  Every woman should read this book.
 Great book, came in a timely manner.
 One of the best books I have read this year.  The way she led the reader through the story of her life, from the time of her growing up in South Chicago to her 8 years in the White House, was delightful.
 I liked the book very much, it gave me insights to what it was to live in the US during the time that she was growing up.. It was written in a nice way without too many details.
 I love Michelle Obama. The book was honest and direct and pure joy to read! She is amazing!!
 So heartfelt and worth reading. Indeed Michelle Obama will always be my FLOTUS.  Must read and book to keep. Congratulations.
 What a candid and refreshing step back and what an accomplished life.  Kudos to her !  She makes you want to do better.  This book is life changing. Thankful for the time and energy and willingness to share
 I love this book! I love the journey she takes us on. Not a cookie-cutter what you would expect, and I love the open and honesty.
 Great read :)  This is a wonderful book  I  really enjoyed reading about this lovely lady :)
 Hopefully, her book will become a staple for not only young women, but for all...... younger and older.<br/>Best part: the clown car!<br/>That would have been something that I would have said.<br/>I only hope She will continue to share her insights.
 Excellent
 Great book
 Haven’t read yet, but felt price was right, and delivered with the usual timeliness of delivery.
 I bought this book for my mother who thoroughly enjoyed it! Makes for a nice gift.
 A warm transparent vision of the most amazing First Lady of all time.  I didn’t want the story to end.
 Great read &amp; open book
 Ms. Obama truly opened her door and invited us to see her life. She is an extraordinary woman, as is her story.
 Very well written!  Didn't want to put it down!!
 This book is a must-read, particularly for young people growing up in challenging circumstances. It inspires hope; and for those of us who are older the idea that we are never “finished” but always growing.
 Incredible and inspiring.  FLOTUS is a class act and a big part of the power couple.  Changing the world one day at a time.  A good read for sure.
 Great person
 Obama's eye on the prize life story and national saga are a guide to decency and deed. Thinking of how busy the Russians were while we argued about health care reminded me of how busy Bin Ladn was while we argued about Monica. Who is busy now?
 I loved the book. I was most impressed by her honesty and raw courage in exposing the intimacies of her life as a child, young adult, and professional. She was gracious and mindful of those who added meaning to her life. And most graceful to those who were less meaningful. It is a must read for those who need to show “grace under fire!”
 Michelle Obama gives an interesting and thought provoking look inside her life before, during and after her years as the First Lady of the USA. She has an amazing and inspiring story! Becoming is a book that will not disappoint. Enjoy!
 I.use.to.despise politics. Michelle changed my mind. A good person can do good things as a politician. It takes courage to confront adversaries. I will take her as  my inspiration. I will Learn from my mistakes and fight for my dreams.
 Thank you for letting me get to know you
 This book will go down as one of the most important books of the 21 century required reading for sure
 I loved everything about Becoming. This was my first memoir and it did not disappoint- it is full of real talk and truth. Michelle Obama is simply amazing.
 I've never read a book by a FLOTUS (or POTUS, for that matter) —until now. This was a wonderful, relatable, vulnerable read, and I am so glad that it exists! Thank you for writing this book!
 Love this book; great read.
 Perfectly written. Intimate, expressive, and laced with beautiful details of a highly influential being.
 Mrs Obama’s recollections, especially of her childhood, were vivid and touching memories and life lessons. My admiration grew even more upon reading her memoir. Mrs Obama’s love for her family and country are admirable.
 Excellent book to read I love Michelle Obama!!!!
 Wife loves it
 Fantastic book. Finished in one weekend.
 After all of the hype surrounding this book, I wasn't sure what to expect.  Michelle's memoir is sincere and honest in a way I didn't expect.  Highly recommend !
 I enjoyed reading this book. I couldnt put it  down. It channelled me as a young woman myself with questions she posed. And allowed me to see her for who she was. It was deep.
 Love anything Obama
 One of the best books I have ever read. And I'm a Republican;)
 It has been very interesting despite the media comment over the years. Highly recommended!
 Provided a great inside view to what took Michelle to the Whitehouse, what kept her there and the incredible love she has for her family. I learned so much about Barrack and his perseverance as well as Michelle's devotion to the role.
 Beautifully written
 Great book great lady
 I enjoyed the book it felt like I met her in person it was very down-to-earth and I would encourage everybody to get a copy and read it I felt like I know Michelle Obama personally as a good friend I will read it again
 Great book
 Great read
 Great book
 Love her!!!  History will forever be changed because of her as our First Lady.
 Great book, Great buy.
 Her beginning parallel to my early beginnings as an African American in this county.
 Loved the whole book! It’s well written and very open. She’s such an open, honest and down to earth person. Their story is compelling.
 Interesting life story. Very well written, inspiring, candid. We were fortunate to have her as our First Lady.
 Such a vivid look into becoming! A few vocabulary words I needed to lookup but we'll worth reading every page.
 It reads like a novel.  Very inspiring.  It is one of the most well written books I have ever read.
 This was a gift to my wife, she finished the book in one day, which means that she really liked it.
 Bought several books for gifts.
 Good book, worth reading.
 Love her honest beautiful mind!
 Wonderful book
 Beautiful book
 Great read, kept me interested. Love, love, love the author.
 Purchased this book for myself and I love it!
 No dislikes awesome book well written
 This book arrived in a good time and I love it. Will definitely buy from this seller in the future.
 The book arrived as described
 An engrossing, heartfelt, and inspiring memoir written by the most significant First Lady in the history of the United States.
 Was well written. Had as hard time putting it down.
 What a ride. Informative and thoroughly entertaining.  Had a hard time putting this book down. Highly recommended for everyone even republican s.
 Very well written book. Michelle is such an inspiration for all women.
 The book was so exciting and down to earth.
 What I liked the most about this book is that I felt like Michelle Obama were one of my girlfriends talking to me from the bottom of her heart! Giving me strength and hope!
 A beautiful person inside and out!  She was a perfect example as the First Lady to work on important issues and the perfect model as the support for her husband and family.
 Former FLOTUS has written an impressive, interesting, inspirational and powerful book. I bought 4 copies. My friends were so grateful to receive. A must read.
 Amazing book. So much insight into life in the White House. Wish they were still there.
 I have always been blown away by Former First Lady, Michelle Obama's Class; which clearly comes through in this eye opening work. Thank you for giving us such an intimate look inside. Brava!!!
 Great!
 Love it!!!!! Can't stop reading it
 Love this book
 Loved the book!! Love Michelle Obama
 Awesome Author, First Lady Beautiful
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book! One really gets a full picture of the amazing woman and her family.
 Loved it
 I loved this book, very honest and sincere.
 I usually read fiction rather than non-fiction, but I could not put down Michelle Obama's autobiography. It is beautifully written, and it is truly inspiring.<br/><br/>Put this on your reading list!
 I love reading this book, I got it for my mom as a early Christmas present and after she was done she let me read it
 We need new words. Better, stronger, more impactful words to describe the importance of this book. It was a joy to read. Within its pages I found a level of truth, connection and hope that will stay with me forever.
 Michelle gave us a vivid picture of her life, from childhood thru being First Lady.  I had trouble putting the book down because I was enjoying all of what she had to say.
 Very good book, and I plan to read it again in case I missed something.  Enjoyed it very much.  Was very interesting and informative.  Loved it.
 What a wonderful story inspiring me to believe anything is possible.  Thank you for all the wonderful progress the Obamas helped begin.  They are both true leaders.
 Purchased for a gift , good feedback
 Love love love Mrs Obama. Uplifting story, satisfied with purchase.
 This beautiful story was down to earth - discussing the realities and changes that the journey in life brings. Great autobiography.
 Loved hearing the story of Michelle Obama. A hard working, ambitious woman and a great role model for young African American women!
 Her honesty. Role model for girls and young women.
 Very relatable regardless of race.  Felt like she was my next door neighbor.
 Love it
 Thank you Michelle Obama for your grace, clarity &amp; strength.
 It was one of her favorite Christmas presents! Highly recommend this awesome book.
 No doubt, one of the best books of 2018...
 amazing
 Great condition
 Love this book! Easy to read and flows so nicely to keep you hooked. A wonderful read during my holiday travels.
 Book was very well written.  I found out about some procedures at the White House that most Americans probably did not know about when it comes to safety and security of the President and his family.
 This was a long-winded and somewhat dull overview of "life as the Obamas." I definitely have a lot of respect for their family, but I'm not sure I had any big takeaways. Not sure where the high ratings came from...
 5 stars, new book and nicely packed. Cant wait to read it.
 Wonderful book so far!
 The book was interesting and easy to read.
 A great book!  Found a lot of Michelle’s upbringing same as my brothers and I.  Great to read a lot of what the White House was really like especially in the eyes of the First Grandma.
 Loved it!  So well-written. Easy to read. Insightful. A great memoir. What a privilege to get an inside look at this presidency and this remarkable family !
 My wife hasn’t put it down! I was extremely pleased with this purchase and it went great with her Michelle Obama tote!
 Excellent narrative of Michelle's life, of her truth and that of those who surround her.  I am left with hope in humanity despite our current events and with the lesson that by allowing strangers in our lives we continue becoming
 I was always a fan of Michelle Obama when she was First Lady, but I am even more of a fan after having read her book. She kept me rapt and entertained through the entire book.
 I love the book. I ordered one as a gift as well.
 Excellent! Book of the year.
 A moving, insightful, compelling memoir that provides inspiration to all readers. Michelle’s independence, clear thinking and strong principles are a role model to us all. Reading this book is an uplifting experience - masterly written.
 So readable, she's an amazing human being. Thank you M.O. for sharing your thoughts and wisdom!
 I read the book and enjoyed it very much.
 Beautifully written by a beautiful woman.
 Easy read great story
 Enjoyed by recipient.
 I love it
 Great book
 I ordered a copy for my daughter,sister, and myself really great price
 So far the book is just an amazing as my client told me
 Beautifully written. Great philosophy. Learn resilience, optimism, faith, serving others, love, building a nation and a life. Inspiring and worth the read.
 Such a fantastic book and such a fantastic lady Michelle Obama is.  She us so open and loving to others.
 Grabs you from the start. Mrs Obama tells a true and poignant story.
 I really enjoYed Michelle's book; it was honest and truthful.  It was during a magical time and how it went down.  Alot of things are surprising but most was right on par. Great book!
 An amazing success story with many struggles along the way.  Extremely well written.
 The book arrived two days earlier than estimated which came in handy during the holiday season. The book was a Christmas present for my sister and she is thoroughly enjoying the book.
 Great read
 an amazing book
 Love this big jnwouldnre-read
 Loved the book at the same time it made sad because it points out the US has serious divitions
 I bought this book for my father for Christmas. He loved the book. He finished it in two days.
 Great book !
 Happy
 This book is an excellent read, so raw and honest. Thank you so much Michelle Obama for sharing a piece of yourself with us. God Bless you and your entire family always. You all will continually be in my prayers.
 I was blown away by the openness, the love and joy in this book.i cried, I laughed..I highly recommend it
 Awesome book! Well written! Can’t put it down too long.
 If you’ve ever wondered if you’re good enough or what your purpose in life is, this is the book to read.  Michelle Obama directs us to look at how we treat others and to raise ourselves to higher standards by sharing her story.
 Thank you Michelle Obama for such an informative book. It was actually a page turner for me, full of happiness, positivity and encouragement.
 Great over all
 Love, love, loved it. It makes love this first family hat much more and miss them. I couldn't put this book down. The Obama's story is one everyone must read about.
 It was an easy read and it was use for a monthly book club read.
 I could really relate to her pre-presidential experience.  She is an excellent writer who seems so down to earth and insightful.
 Beautiful effort to bring us inside her world from the early years in So.Chicago to the White House.  She is a true inspiration.
 It was an excellent book - well written, describing a chronologically journey of one of this nation's most beloved first ladies.
 Amazing book
 Mom’s, daughter and auntie  just love this book
 A very  good  book. Everybody could learn something from this book. This book should be a prefer Reading in classes.
 Michelle Obama is not only a fine storyteller, but a fine writer as well.
 Nothing to dislike
 I bought this for my Mom and Wife.  They both loved it.
 Excellent read! Loved hearing Michelle’s voice through her words.
 A great read!!
 Mrs. Obama provides reader with the highs and lows of a political life through the eyes of a spouse. Her transparency is commendable!!!  I admire her willingness to take the reader on a journey from start to finish.
 Watching the Obama family grow for the eight years in the public eye was one thing. Reading how they got there another. It is amazing to me how Michelle pushed herself to be what she is. How do you teach that to your children!
 Well written
 Good read--- very well written!!
 I bought this book for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it!!!
 Liked book very much.
 It made me realize even more how much our country lost when the Obamas left the White House and also how refreshing it was to have a moral leader who didn’t have to tweet daily about his “real” accomplishments.
 This is an amazing book. I have recommended it to so many people I know.
 It was a Christmas gift to my daughter
 Michelle Obama writes the way she speaks, intelligently, clearly and very personal. This is a joy to read and gives great insight into her experience, her trajectory from south side Chicago to First Lady of the United States.
 This is book is not only well written, it is an inspiration for men and women. It gives an honest look at Michelle’s life, and by doing so, it helps us to look at our own lives. It’s honest, bright, inspiring.... a must-read!
 I loved Michelle’s Obama’s insight to her life in and out of the White House.  I can relats to the hard times and blessings. I’m going to see Hamilton. I’m convinced.
 Splendid writing and very informative.
 I am very pleased with this book.  It will give you an insight into her world, as well as motivation for living your own best life.
 Was a boring read
 This was a wonderful book. Well written and a complete picture of Michele. REcommend to all.
 I heard a lot of good reviews but wasn’t sure what to expect when I bought this book. Really was such a good read. Was real, relatable and also an eyeopener into this world regular people will never know about.
 Can’t put II down!
 love it
 Love love love this book
 Thank you Michelle Obama for giving us a glimpse into your intriguing life. I would definitely recommend this book. 😁
 Excellent read and a great gift
 Inspiring!
 Well written, moving, emotional. A true FIRST LADY. Pointing out the beauty of hope in an increasingly ugly world. Thanks!
 Great read that was very informative of the First Lady of the United States (FLOTUS) upbringing. Lots of information leading up to and time spent in the White House.
 Great product - Quick Shipping
 I loved hearing how a rags to riches person was able to become the outstanding intelligent and compassion woman that she was.
 Great read!
 Great book!
 just started reading it
 I like it. I gave it to my mom for a gift.
 C’mon it’s Michelle! My forever First Lady. Candid, inspring, awesome!
 Becoming was an outstanding book.  I would highly recommend it.
 LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! Great book excellent!
 I highly recommend this book for all women.  Especially the young who maybe insecure about how to direct their personal future.  Mrs Obama 's words of wisdom will help make some good decisions.
 This book was profound in its entirely! It helped paint a clear picture of who and what Michelle Obama stood for! She is definitely a national treasure!! Great read
 A truly inspirational journey
 We were so fortunate to have the two exemplary people in the white house for eight years.  The book makes you realize those years were golden. It raises my aspirations for the future.
 I adore this book almost as much as I adore Michelle Obama. She tells a wonderful story about a little girl who could ... and gives hope to others who might be doubtful they can.
 Execellent easy read!
 Great Read!
 It got this for $17 when it would usually be $32 dollars so it was a steal.
 Love the book so far. I recommend it to everyone to read.
 Wonderful book documenting the making of a wonderful first lady.  So relateable, yet so dynamic.  Even though I knew the outcome, compelling narative.
 Excellent Read!!
 Great read I really enjoyed the Boo
 Michelle is a very good writer and story teller. She helps paint a picture of life as a minority with a great supportive, loving family. A great read.
 My daughter and mom in law loved this book!
 BUY AS MANY COPIES AS YOU CAN AND SHARE THEM AS GIFTS!
 Great Book
 Great read
 AN ENJOYABLE AUTO BIOGRAPHY OF ONE OF THE GREAT WOMEN OF OUR TIMES...
 Great read getting to know her more. Very relatable
 A beautiful story of the life of our fabulous former First Lady, in her own words. I loved the book!
 Enjoyed! Every woman needs to read.
 It’s authentic just like she is! I recommend it for all the men, women and children, who believe in the power of hope. “ When they go low, we go high”.
 An incredible book that portrays in detail and gives a genuine look at the life of Michelle Obama and her journey in becoming the woman she is today.
 Couldn't put the book down
 Inspirational storytelling with a behind the scenes peek into the lives of the first family. Although this is the story of a unique and privileged woman it remains e trembly relatable. Women from red and blue states need to read this.
 Love the story!
 I liked the historical view of the time in the white house.
 Christmas gift for my wife. She loves the book!
 I loved the book. I read it twice. Thanks for sharing your life and loves.
 I loved how Mrs. Obama told her story in such a way that you can illustrate the pictures in your head. I felt like I was there for the journey. Thank you being a role model to many Americans.
 I missed her sooo much that I bought her book!  Listening to her story on Audible.  Very pleased with this purchase.  It’s like sitting around the kitchen table listening to a new friend tell her story.  Fabulous.
 Michelle Obama is down to earth, relatable to all women, and inspirational in her vulnerability. I came away from this book inspired to keep becoming a better me.
 Absolutely great!! :)
 Great
 Our former 1st Lady, Michele Obama, is a role model for everyone female, 0- 100 years old.
 Love this book
 I have listened to Michelle narrate 1/3 of the book. It’s wonderful and she is even more impressive than I thought. I met her once. She was very warm and genuine. A true First Lady. ❤️ Her
 Great buy
 Love Michelle Obama!
 LOVED THIS BOOK AND LOVE MICHELLE OBAMA, SHE WILL ALWAYS BE OUR FIRST LADY! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE NEEDING TO BE LIFTED UP AND TO HELP THEM REMEMBER LOVE OF OUR COUNTRY.
 The book will leave you inspired, uplifted, and motivated!
 Love it!
 I am looking forward to reading this book
 So very personal, but uplifting , intelligent and thoughtful. I felt engaged in her storytelling and eagerly kept reading.<br/>I highly recommend.
 awesome!
 Information about the First Ladies experiences with her life in and out of the white house
 Awesome book!
 Very informative book. Great insight into the Obama family and the dizzying world of politics. Miss this family so much!!
 This is a historical keepsake for treasuring and sharing!!!
 So excited to receive my book. Ive been hearing great things and i cant wait to start reading
 Amazing read!
 We don’t agree on everything when it comes to policies, however I agree with how she can empower all genders to BECOME better.  Thank you for writing this book!
 Michelle Obama...your book is another affirmation that you have continued to live your life with purpose and with such honesty and transparency.  Inspirational!
 This book was beautifully written. Michelle Obama was very open and genuine.
 It was a very interesting and well written historical perspective of the life of a woman I admire
 Great Book!  Easy read and down to earth story!  Enjoyed reading a real life story that did not hold back everyday issues that most families endure.
 I bought book for myself. And bought another copy for my Sister 's Birthday.
 Loved this book! Extremely well written from an inspirational woman of our time. I also enjoyed getting a glimpse of Barack behind the scenes. They both truly are class acts. Highly recommend.
 Very interesting to read about her life and road to First Lady from a small one bedroom apartment in Chicago. She and her husband are truly caring, thoughtful people.
 Christmas gift
 Love her. Love him. Loved this book. Felt like I was talking to a girlfriend. Heck, I'd love to be girlfriends with her.
 I truly loved this book. Laughter,tears of joy, sadness,understanding and POWER. Highly recommend it to anyone who asks.
 Loved learning how they both had to work hard to get to where they are today! Make them real people! Learning their backgrounds help one see how special what they have done and do today is so incredible!
 What an amazing lady. I thoroughly enjoyed reading her journey of Becoming!
 Michelle is so open and honest about her life.  Highly recommend this book!
 Unrelated to the great content, the pages in my copy were completely out of order following the photographic insert. Seems like an amature oversight on the printer, for a book that was obviously going to sell millions of copies.
 My Mom is loving this book.  A very honest and good read for all.
 I’m still reading this book but I so love it!
 Michelle meets my expectations and more, always
 I love this book. It’s so well written that I feel like I can hear Mrs Obama’s voice.
 not political based, but rather the story of her life. very enjoyable. I liked it a lot
 A great read
 Reading this memoir was truly a learning experience. Grateful for the opportunity to have read it. Michelle Obama is truly wonderful woman, who sets a great example for all.
 Its Michelle Obama's biography! Of course good!
 I cried every time I picked it up. It is so insightful and well-written. I highly recommend everyone get a copy and read it today. It should be required reading for every high school student in the USA.
 I didn’t want Becoming to end! Michelle Obama is an amazing woman and talented writer. She nailed the struggles working women overcome to raise their families. Thank you for your service to our country!
 This Book is very well written, easy to follow, interesting and very relatable even for me a Black young African woman who hasn't always been a great fan of the Obama's- one of my best Amazon purchases.
 Eye opening, just another example of the family of a great leader lead the nation to believe there is HOPE. Specially during these days where all around is hatred, racism and entitlement.
 A very reflective and personal account of politics, family, education and how to be a truly nice person. Read the book.
 I love Michelle Obama, and enjoyed this book very much.
 Great read!
 One of the best books I have read.  Mrs. Obama writes so real and it was most interesting to read and see her thought process on her way to continue Becoming.
 Comes from humble beginnings, delivers a great message.
 Great quality book
 Beautiful,  just like her.
 Great story
 Loved every word in every chapter....great read!!
 I wish the haters could open their hearts enough to read this book!  What a bright light the Obamas are to this world.
 Enjoyed cover to cover. Well written and insightful. I bought this book for my daughters and daughters-in-law. I highly recommend.
 Great read
 I was estactic to get my hands on my own copy.
 Love it!
 Enjoyed it
 Gift
 Fresh, bold and a strong voice of Mrs.Obama. Becoming brings hope and inspiration to all of us. An amazing story of living life to its fullest.
 I was pleasantly surprised and delighted. The forever FLOTUS openness about all of her life experiences was insightful and moving.
 No words needed!
 Liked the fact that she sounds so normal compared to what we are seeing in the White House now. A really classy lady.
 Michelle Obama has written a book of encouragement . Mother's, give this book to your Daughters. This is a must read!
 Wonderful getting to know more about this amazing woman!
 Awesome...just a great read.  Mrs. Obama is a National Treasure ...no fuss, no mess, no drama.
 I am saving for a long weekend or vacation so I can read this uninterrupted! Should be an inspiring read.
 This book was phenomenal! I wish she would reconsider politics because I miss having this level of grace in the White House.
 Michelle Obama tells her story in a warm and relateable  narrative.  Her love of family and time and place come through and invite the reader to come along.
 Great book!!
 She did an excellent job in writing this book. You can tell she took her time and spoke transparently to the audience. Definitely the book you want to read.
 Don't like that you advertise trump hats on the same page as Michelle Obama's book.  I am going to cut you off from my email now.
 This is everything I needed right now. Such a sophisticated, intelligent and admirable women who opens up about so much in this book.
 I really enjoyed Becoming!  It was so authentic and very well written I wouldn’t expect anything less from Mrs Michelle Obama. This book is almost as stunning as she was as First Lady!
 It was very inspiring. I feel motivated to "keep hope alive" for our country. It is good to know that good people do still exist, inspite of the noise from the hateful ones. I believe that love will win in the end.
 I liked this book because it felt so authentic and real. Written very well and the story is a familiar one.  I really enjoyed it.
 Awesome read
 An awesome and inspiring book by a strong, caring, accomplished, and brave woman. She is a role model to us all -- not just women but human beings from all walks of life. I could not put it down!
 Honest portrayal of her life, marriage and years as First Lafy
 For me this was a heartwarming, honest book written by Michelle. I enjoyed reading it and have shared it with friends.
 This book was a good read. Loved every minute of it.
 Very interesting story of the former FLOTUS. I felt like I had an insight into every journey and key milestone that made her such a phenomenal woman. I can’t wait to start this book over and “become” something greater myself.
 Open, candid &amp; I was impressed how she handled situations with class even when it wasn’t in her heart.
 I liked Michelle's truthfulness, openness and transparency.
 As a woman, this book spoke to me on so many different levels. I too have asked myself, "Am I enough?" I feel like I could be friends with Michelle Obama. She is so relatable and a true inspiration.
 I wanted to know know about her background, parenting, and life in the White House. She addressed  all of these areas writing in such a personable style that it feels as if we’ve had a conversation.
 I really enjoyed the first part of the book which focused on her childhood and adolescents. Her experiences as First Lady were less interesting primarily because I was already familiar these events.
 This book was so enlightening! I enjoyed a peek into the life of our first black flotus and family.  Thank you for sharing your ups as well as your downs.  This book is also very inspirational, truly a good read !
 I didn’t want to put it down. She is a very good writer. Expresses herself very well. I had no idea how brilliant &amp; well educated she is. She and her husband, Barack, are a complimentary team. Don’t miss this one!
 It was refreshing to find so many similarities and know your not alone. I'm at a part in life we're I needed a book about pathway choices. This one does it the grace and humor I had expected.  Thank you Mrs Obama.
 Enjoying this lovely book!
 Historically
 Best story ever! Will motivate you as well to make positive change.
 Loved how Michelle Obama described how she came into herself at different stages of her life.
 This is a must read I hear so I’ll get back to you when I do.
 A must read. Great book, bes<br/><br/>Amazing woman, amazing book! Well written. Made me love the Obamas even more than I did.
 Love it
 I adore Michelle Obama and this book makes me love her even more. 💕
 My first book of the New Year (2019).  I was able to complete it quickly.  I recommend it and I will read it again. Really good if you are a young person.
 Love it
 I liked all of  the book.
 Full of hate, hate, hate!!  America is better than this!
 I really enjoyed learning about her growing up since I thought she was a classy First Lady.
 Beautifully and heartfelt. I am a fan of the authentic person you will read about and her journey. Integrity and character are everything...
 I loved the story! I could relate to Mrs Obama's upbringing and allowed the reader an intimate look at the family!  I strongly recommend it!
 I couldn't put the book down. Had to read it and then listen to the audio book as well. It's inspiring, hopeful, and motivating all at once.
 An amazing book, well-written, about a prolific figure in the US. You get a unique view of what makes Michelle Obama passionate about her work and a look into Barack Obama's persona.
 Amazing book from an amazing First Lady.
 Mrs Obama is a true lady and knows how to connect to everyone from demographics. Im not finished with the book and cant wait to finish.
 I love to read about a strong willed woman
 Daughter can’t put down since Christmas :)
 Michelle Obama wrote a beautiful book.  She portrayed her life in the White House with humor, love of family and fierce pride in our country.
 Loving it!!  Hard to put down since I’ve started reading it.
 Wonderfully written. Really sounds like Michelle is talking right to you. Felt like I could almost hear her voice!
 Michelle Obama is the definition of one of the best women to be on this planet. Her book was fantastic!! 20 stars!
 Fabulous woman (family) fabulous read.
 Love this book. My daughter’s are waiting for their turn to read.
 Great read!
 THANK YOU!
 Mitchell Obama is an inspiration to so many.  I miss a first lady we can relate to and a President who leads our country with the idea of what is best for our country.
 Excellent reading!  Proud to have had her as our First Lady! Prouder of her hubby for being such a fine President!
 Great book. Great reading. Learned a lot about our former first lady.
 Perfect
 One of my precious items in my collection. The book not only inspires you but gets you to experience the real person behind the ‘White House’ Michelle.<br/>Thanks for the lovely’s gift!
 I'm really enjoying this book
 Insightful and encouraging. It's a behind the scenes look of the emotional rollercoaster of being FLOTUS. Her words are relatable and inspiring. Probably the best autobiography I've ever read.
 Loved it!!!
 This was so interesting, I couldn't put it down. Loved this family as they are a normal hardworking family who devoted their life and made sacrifices to try and make this country better. Thank you
 Christmas gift.
 I just wanted to know her better. A fascinating look behind the scenes at the White House.
 A great read. After seeing this family in the White House for 8 years, I feel like I know the family now.  This book rates high on my list.
 I purchased 18 of these books for Christmas gifts and 1 iPad download. Everyone was happy with the book. I have enjoyed reading it as well.
 An intriguing perspective of finding yourself and following your gut despite barriers in life. Written eloquently enough that it feels like Mrs. Obama is writing just to the reader.
 I could relate to so many things in this book.  It was insightful and thought-provoking.  A truly inspiring read!
 love it all. I read it for enjoyment.
 I'm truly enjoying this book. It's a must read.
 Appreciate her transparency and sharing with us her amazing journey! A must read!!! Thank you for bringing to light the struggles of minority women so eloquently.
 Can’t put this book down
 Michelle's book is interesting and a way anybody could rise from nothing and with making a goal for yurself you could become who ever you dreamed to be o do in life!A
 Got it fast and as described thank you.
 Articulate, intelligent, thoughtful, interesting and honest portrayal of Michelle Obama's life up to the last day in the White House. I miss her and her family even more since finishing the book.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book! As a mother, professional, ambitious woman of color it is amazing to know that the daily struggles, blessings and challenges that I face and have faced are shared.
 Interesting read and keeps your attention.  Well written and large print!
 I haven't finished reading the book yet but what I've heard it's a Great Book
 Great read
 The best book I have read in years - if I had daughters I would make it required reading.
 It’s amazing!
 Loved reading about Michelle and family.
 It was perfect for my gift basket I made
 Easy reading and it holds your interest.
 easy to read
 I was intrigued by the cover of this book. I broke down and bought it. I liked it a lot except some chapters just dragged on.
 Great book
 How I miss her steady presence along with Pres Obama. Don’t miss this book.
 I liked and enjoyed reading the former First Lady’s book.
 A must read.  She is very real, raw and revealing.  Modern day fairytale love and empowerment story.
 Who cares!!!!
 I loved the authenticity of Mrs Obama's writing!
 Well written,but very slow first half,but worth it to get the second half a great insight into her world .We all went through,but it was so interesting to hear the story from her vantage point .
 Michelle Obama has written a memoir that speaks openly, honestly, and intimately about the America that is and the America that she and President Obama hope to see for those who come after them.
 Intelligent storytelling. She is brilliant, vulnerable and courageous. Thank you for giving us a behind the scenes look at the Obama family history and the journey to the presidency.
 Inspiring story about preserverance, the value of education and the Obama administration
 Enjoying the book.  Such a wonderful lady.
 I love love love Michelle. This was the best read I’ve had in a while. Inspiring. Go Girl Power!!!! Girls rule the world!!!!
 Wonderful reading
 Great book
 This is a wonderful book.
 Loved on Kendall, her voice is so relaxing and she built her life up so you could really understand who she is.
 Such a good and easy read. I felt like I was sitting and enjoying a good cup of coffee and talking to a friend.
 I could not put this book down!
 Michelle’s words give me hope that we can and will have responsible, ethical, visionaries in Washington again some day. I couldn’t put this book down.
 Never thought I’d have much in common with a First Lady but I was wrong. Michelle Obama opens herself up in a real, honest and relatable way.
 It gives great insight to understanding who she really is
 This book is a - "take your giant wool throw blanket to your nearest bay window with a cup of hot cocoa" kinda read!<br/> Congrats to the forever FLOTUS!
 Keep sake
 Michelle Obama was a great first lady she opened the White House to all Americans. She and the President made us proud to have them as our representatives  nationally and internationally. We surely miss them.
 Memoirs are the best!
 A fantastic  read. Great insight into the Obama family and what Michelle stood for. Empowerment.  Loved it. Could not put the book down.
 Did not expect all the emotions that came with reading this book. The Obamas are people of value, integrity and purpose. So proud to have them lead our nation so gracefully, beautifully and wisely. Thank you.
 I loved this book. It was so personal and down to earth.
 Love it. Powerful and interesting.
 Amazing Lady and an honor to read her history.  She will always be a leader.
 This book is the best autobiography or biography written on or by a First Lady.  She addresses the times we are in but does not dwell on them.
 Authentic and powerful
 I was pretty sure Michelle Obama would be an amazing writer and YES she IS!!! I learned so very much from this book.
 Inspiring, emotional, uplifting, upsetting...Michelle Obama is a talented writer and a phenomenal woman. The audiobook is also highly recommended. This I am important book.
 She is my flotus
 Love love love.
 Haven't been able to read much lately. What I have read had been great.
 Beautifully written with an amazing honesty.  Catches interest from the very beginning. Hard to put down. Inspirational to all who aspire to something greater than they think they can achieve.
 She really delved into her life! Well written.
 The view from her experience was enlightening.
 Love Lady Michelle. Book arrived on time
 I was captivated and enjoyed everything about the book.
 Love her
 Best book ever!
 Well written, refreshingly honest and informative!  I loved read about her reality with some of the things reported especially about the hug with the queen.
 What a wonderful book truthful endearing a joy to read I couldn't put it down thanks Michelle for a good clean read.
 I grew up in Chicago in a very different neighborhood with very different opportunities. It was inspiring to read about her life and what she became both publicly and privately.
 EVERYTHING
 This is such an uplifting book. It nice to read that even as First Lady, Michelle Obama put her family first.
 This book was very easy to read and uplifting. Reminds us of what's missing today. I hope she writes another.
 What can you say...it's Michelle Obama!!!!!
 This is a tremendously well written book from an amazing woman.  It only made my opinion of her even higher.  Thank you to her, and her family for their tireless service to out country!
 Terrific read!
 Great story telling.
 What an amazing woman!!  Very real, sincere, honest, fascinating, caring, loving!!!  Love her and loved the beautifully written book!!!  Thank you Michelle Obama. (and thank you Barack Obama)
 It’s the queen so ...
 Down to Earth read that captivates and invites you in to the thoughts and lives of some influential yet grounded people.  My admiration for her has grown as has my desire to contribute more to my community.
 It was very interesting giving me the insight of what goes on behind the candidates of presidency.  Her writing is excellent.  I enjoyed the entire book very much.  Toward the end I didn't want it to end!!!
 Although, I have not completed the book, so far it's really good. I can't wait to see how it will end.
 I would recommend this to any woman, of any age.  This really is about finding your voice in a male dominated world.  Well done!
 Very real, heartwarming and honest.  A wonderful reality and honest look at a woman and family greatly admired and loved.
 Great read from beginning to end. Best first lady ever.
 Perfect!!!! On time!!
 A wonderful wonderful wonderful book! It tells the story that we all lived but it tells it from a very unique perspective. Everyone should read it!
 Excellent book.
 My first biography and I'm so glad that I purchased it. Easy read and enjoyable.  Makes me really miss them and their time in the White House. Such a stark contrast to the current occupants.
 Awesome book!
 Love Michelle Obama couldn’t wait to read this book. She is such an awesome women. This book just proves it.
 Loved the story of Michelle Obama’s life. She is honest and down to earth, telling the good and bad of political life. I would recommend this book!
 I loved how candid Michelle was regarding her marital concerns.
 This was an inspirational, funny, heartwarming book. I truly enjoyed it and recommend it for everyone who wants to be inspired to be better and do better. Anyone giving a one star is clearly a troll keep it moving!
 This is such a classy lady, and love her family.  Soaking up all the details of her experiences!
 This book reveals the formative foundation of the person who served as our First Lady for 8 years.  Well worth the read.
 Although I haven't begun to read the book in its entirety, I have read excerpts. I can't wait. I have a few other obligation reads before I get to pleasure.
 Fantastic, interesting, beautiful.
 This is a sweet read.  I highly recommend it.
 Great story about the former first lady Michelle Obama and her family.  History will be kind to her and her family.
 Amazing story of the life of an amazing woman. The transparency and wisdom shared was truly admirable
 This was a non stop read. I loved it. I hope she writes another book with more detail about the second term.
 Amazing read
 Michelle Obama is eloquent, thoughtful and empowering. She embodies the forward direction that our diverse nation aspires to be.  This was a cant put down read.
 I love this book ! All of it was beautifully written.
 Great red
 I purchased 2 and both books where in excellent condition and a good read
 Very good biography.  Writtten I’m away that encourages you to write your own story, we all have one. Michelle is a very down to earth person, humble and such a strong encourager of others.
 A Christmas present for my mother. The book came pretty fast. A week before she said she was thinking of purchasing it.  She totally love it, and the book is very affordable.
 Reading
 Love it True story.
 Truly glad I ordered my copy early...
 Haven’t finished the book yet, but so far love it and I’m sure it won’t disappoint.
 The enlarged print was perfect to read without my glasses. There was a slight delay in shipping.
 I found this book hard to put down
 Very good read, well written, informational.  Have a new perspective on the Obama’s
 Got the book fast and I love it
 AWESOE BOOK
 My favorite First Lady is never without a good quip in a tight situation and surprising sharp with her recounting of specific events. I loved reading about her children and her passionate hope— so needed right now.
 Loved! Great read!
 Good read just as expected
 It was well written and very enlightening as to the role of a First Lady of the United States.
 Great read!!!! Purchased for granddaughters, sisters and others. One of the best reads ever!!!
 She is a very intelligent, sensible and  goal oriented Lady. She is a GREAT example to follow.
 This book was very interesting and told of the kind of person she is. It was interesting to learn about her life growing up. The trials she went through as first lady. Proving what a strong woman she is.
 Great read.  Hits on all the emotions and Michelle is as real as they come. Recommend for teens as well.
 I liked EVERYTHING about this book. It was beautifully written and gave me a whole new appreciation of Michelle Obama!
 Ideas, feelings, and facts were revealed in a honest way. It helped me rethink how to write my own story. Thank First Lady Forever.
 The book was like talking to an old friend.  Very easy read.  Loved the dialog;  felt like I was home on the south-side of Chicago.
 Bought is as a gift for a gf. She loves it! Every female needs this book in their household. Guess I should buy myself one too lol.
 Outstanding, funny, sad, and relatable in some ways. Enjoyed this book so much. I could feel some of the pain , also remember so if the teenage girl interactions, well done.
