 It's kind of hard to write a review about a book of fiction without giving away too much of the story itself, but let me give it a try. I read the Kindle version of this book, so I know that some other reviewers have pointed out how the print version was over 600 pages long. I read the book over several sittings, but I didn't feel the weight of 600 pages as the book is fairly well paced with very short chapters. What I liked about the book was that it kept me entertained for the most part. What I disliked about the book was the climax, which included the origin of Mal'akh (the antagonist).  That and pretty much the rest of the book from there just didn't work for me. After having the origin Mal'akh explained, I found the motives of the character too weak for the extreme nature of his behavior. Additionally, the entire involvement of the CIA and the treatment of the events of the story as being a matter of national security to them: also too much for me to believe once it is all explained out. The biggest let down of the book is what happens after the climax. All of the main characters of the book, such as Robert Langdon, Peter Solomon, and Katherine Solomon, seem to just bounce back to their happy philosophical selves after just a couple of hours from the time of the climax of the book. If we're supposed to believe how the world was about to end and considering the loss of life and/or near death experiences, the revelation of who Mal'akh is, and the blowing of some of the greatest secrets of the Freemasons, it just seemed absurd that the main characters of the book so quickly return to life-before-end-of-world-climax selves.
 Does Brown have an editor anymore or has his success allowed him to write anything? I suspect the latter. This book is tedious, overwrought and full of crap to be blunt. Noetic Science is junk science. Masonic conspiracies are overblown. National crisis, I think not. On by the way, the CIA by law is prohibited from operating domestically. The head of the CIA Office of Security has NO jurisdiction! Not to mention she was basically modeled on Edna from the Incredibles. The antagonists real identity is obvious half way through. The whole book could lose 100 pages easily. It repeats the same quasi-philosophical crap 3x times. Lastly, the updated 21 grams experiment made me laugh out loud. Thoughts dont have mass, random number generators didnt sync up, world consciousness isnt a thing etc.
 The text and binding is great on this edition but it doesn't have the illustrations/photos like the other books do. That's the whole point of me purchasing the illustrated edition so I wouldn't be stopping every minute to look up a venue or artifact.
 Brown doesn’t raise the bet this time around. He’s been holding a good hand and is playing it safe. Rather than flash his ace, Robert Langdon, he lets the other cards in the deck move the game along. For much of the action, Langdon resembles a joker rather than the ace. Still entertaining to follow the flow of the other players. Brown keeps some of his cards close to his vest and provides a twist or two towards the end of the game. The pot is still a battle between science and religion and some good research is the ante that keeps the game interesting. Readers should not fold their cards before the last hand is played.
 Too many people cannot distinguish Dan Brown books from real non-fiction.  There is a reason it is call FICTION people!  Does everyone know what fiction means?  It means it's fantasy, untrue, a made up story that may have bits of reality and true bits of history, but overall isn't real or isn't reality.<br/>I had to say that because I've read so many reviews from people who mistook The Da Vinci Code, Angels &amp; Demons and this book as if they were factual history books or written as gospel.  Get over it people.  It's all fiction.<br/>That said, I have thoroughly enjoyed the Robert Langdon series.  It's remarkable how an iconologist has bridged crime, murder and mystery.  And I also love how Dan Brown has been able to take a kernel or two of truths to create a fast paced mystery that keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time.  Just read them because I'm sure you'll enjoy them as much as I do!
 As always Dan Brown put together a nice story.every character had a nice piece of the story.  He is a very thorough writer and details the characters splendidly.There is a nice twist in the beginning involving getting Langdon involved with the plot that was enjoyed. Overall it was a good read. Again there was a lot of thrust and parry with our founding fathers and the Free Mason mystery through out the entire book. I know that is a/the "hook" but it still remains a mystery.
 Honestly, I find ‘Lost Symbol’ somewhat disappointing, to put it mildly. It lacks Brown’s signature pace and suspense. While Langdon’s disbelief works as valid plot point in the beginning, its stubborn persistence throughout the novel reduces our favorite imaginary Harvard professor to really thick buffoon. Main villain’s motives do not seem plausible enough to validate his actions and even twist in the end does not improve overall impression. Author waits way too long to introduce reader with actual stakes. As a result, reader is faced with hundreds of pages of vague and empty hints at – nothing. I found myself bored out of my mind through long stretches of useless content, wondering should I persevere or simply give up. At times it seems as if novel will recuperate and kick off in real Brown style only to fall flat again and bore reader for another block of pages. I think cutting out between 150 and 200 pages would dramatically improve quality without losing meaningful content. I know we all have bad day here and there but with 600 plus pages I’d say Brown had bad year(s). Hopefully, next novel in Langdon series is significantly better. That is, if I decide there will be next time…
 If you like a fast moving story that will keep you on the edge of your chair I recommend The Lost Symbol. I is a continuation of the exploits of Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist set in our nations capitol. His long time friend Peter Solomon, a 33 degree Mason has presumably  called him to Washington for a speech,  When Langdon arrives he finds the hand of his friend in the capitol rotunda. The Capitol police and the Chief of Security for the CIA, are trying to unravel the mystery of Peters disappearance and how this all ties together,  It is a great read for action genre fans.
 Dan Brown is an undeniably clever guy. He put together a mix of religion and esoterica into a serviceable thriller plot and got one of history's most widely read novels. He tries to reproduce the phenomenon in his new book, using patriotism instead of religion, and fails to get the mix right.<br/><br/>For one thing, there is way too much esoterica. Long patches of dialogue read like Wikipedia texts, turning the novel into an encyclopedia of arcane knowledge. Layer on a Washington, DC, edition of Trivial Pursuit and you've got mystery nowhere near as potent as Jesus establishing a royal bloodline.<br/><br/>The weakness of Brown's protagonist, Robert Langdon, becomes glaringly apparent in the absence of a riveting plot. A symbolist who remains a cipher, Langdon is almost totally devoid of personality, and is not even a two-dimensional character. It's appropriate that the bland Tom Hanks plays him in the films. Once again he has a female helper, but once again Brown shies away from anything like full-throated romance.<br/><br/>Brown's compression technique -- having the action take place in a 24-hour period -- has been intensified to a 12-hour period, that defies credibility. One character who has survived torture, dismemberment and emotional trauma, instead of being in a state of shock, is blithely discoursing about arcane matters within minutes of his rescue.<br/><br/>Personally, I like a lot of the arcane stuff, but this book is top-heavy with it and often repetitive. It is of course at the top of the bestseller list from pre-orders alone, and Brown has created a franchise that will survive this book and go on to another bestseller. But this is no Da Vinci Code and is really only mildly entertaining as a thriller.
 First Sentence:  The secret is how to die.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon receives, what he believes to be, a request from an old friend to come to Washington. D.C.  Once there, in the Rotunda of the Capitol, is found his friend's dismembered hand.  The chase is on; Robert Langdon and his friend's sister, against an unknown villain and members of the CIA.<br/><br/>I could go on and on about how bad I thought this book was.  The bad guy was way over the top, Langdon seemed flat, and the women were too stupid to live. The geography of Washington had errors.  Yes, some of the information on the Freemasons is interesting, as is some of the arcane historical information, but nothing really gels together.  There's a federal agency involved without any explanation as to why they are there.  There's nothing to grab onto.<br/><br/>With DaVinci Code, there was the whole Mary Magdalene theory; with Angels and Demons it was the race against the clock and would the Pope get elected.  Here's it's about rescuing a friend of Langdon's whom we've not met and to whom we have no real attachment, and about the great secret protected by the Freemasons.<br/><br/>The book is an example of bad dialogue, bloated writing, and repetitive scenes.  However, the greatest sin was that I never felt engaged or cared what happened.  Nearly every chapter ended with a mini-cliff hanger and didn't add to the plot or the suspense.  One or two wouldn't have bothered me but every chapter became absurd and amateurish.  Write a good story; I'll keep turning the pages.<br/><br/>The only thing I didn't regret about this book was that I bought the Kindle version rather than the $150 signed edition I was offered.  No thanks.
 I am a tepid fan of Dan Brown, both A&amp;D and DaVinci were fair to good so I thought I would read The Lost Symbol, a little later than the fans but still I have finally gotten around to it.  This 3rd chapter in the Robert Langdon series is not as good as the first 2 even if I really enjoyed the Washington DC setting and the premise of the science.  It simply doesn't hold together for me, I don't want to give away spoilers but the one of the main characters is telegraphed so far in advance that by the time it is really discussed in the book all but the least attentive readers will have figured it out.  How many chapters, there are like 140 of them, have to end with an OMG moment?  75% or better and really did they need to?  Nope, it was meant as a page turner but by the time I was half way through I groaned vs turned the page.  Many things are told to the reader but I did not read an explanation as to how that came to be.  Finally, in my opinion he wanted The Lost Symbol to read like a roller coaster ride, and it does if this roller coaster is made of straw and the biggest drop is 400,000 thousand feet.. again it doesn't hold up.  On the plus side, all of the little trinkets of information about DC, about paintings, building, people if even half of them are true it makes for a very interesting visit to the city.  Of course I would need to actually spend a little time researching if these things mentioned in the book are the writer's imagination or rooted firmly in real facts.  End result is I will get around to Inferno sooner or later and hope that it is as the reviews say a better read.
 Dan Brown makes you realize that the mind of man has not begun to reach its fullest potential. He takes historical places, people, and written words and has us looking at them in a different light. He has the ability to to form a storyline that makes us think. Though this is a fictional story much of what he writes about could possibly become a reality in the future. This is another book that will make a great movie. You won’t be able to put the book down once you start to read it!
 Mr. Brown has done it again. This book takes you in immediately and keeps you there until you reach the last page. Once I started I just couldn't put the book down, I just had to know what was going to happen next.<br/>This time it hits closer to home with the Free Masons, CIA, our capitals history as well as a good taste of Christianity and religion in general. It is amazing how all of this fits into story without preaching or telling us how are or should be. If you have ever been to the capital or any of the other great monuments in Washington D.C. you will find yourself comparing what you saw with what you are reading.<br/>In this third installment Robert Langdon is once again our hero and we get some more history on his relationship with Peter Soloman as well as learn more about Peter and his life and meet his sister.<br/>This is another great read by Dan Brown with lots of twists and turns and a great new way to look at some of the things that are at the center of many debates.<br/>If you enjoyed the first two books, <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a> and <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/0743486226/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a> then you will truly enjoy this one.
 First of all, I would like to say that Dan Brown is a fun writer. I define a fun writer, as someone, who understands that chapters don't have to be 30 pages long. His are three to five pages. Spare me the waste of space argument, especially when you read the book on a Kindle/iPad, the space is free. I don't read any fiction anymore but I do like Dan Brown's past books enough to pick up the next copy every 3 to 5 years. And Dan Brown's contributions in fiction, have had an incredibly powerful affect on people; they make you question words/institutions and stimulate personal research, even if people know that parts of the underlying ideas of the book are askew for spinning a good yarn.<br/><br/>Having said that, even with the backdrop being changed from the Catholic Church to the Freemasons, the Lost Symbol and Robert Langdon have tired me out. After hearing St. Langdon, say "I must help Peter or Katherine" more than 20 times, I thought I was going to puke.<br/><br/>Also there are so many obvious red herrings in the Lost Symbol - even though we have come a long way in the U.S. from stereotyping - Dan Brown is not going to stick his neck out and have a Japanese American and/or an African American be bad apples.<br/><br/>Were you surprised that the antagonist was Peter's real son? I didn't. After Brown spent so many pages going out of his way, to make the disconnect between the two in prison, I could feel myself wanted to shout "will you please stop, I get it, thanks for ruining it".<br/><br/>Finally, and this is not just Dan Brown, but every writer of a thriller, builds up the story line, so that, the ending is a let down. His ending in Lost Symbol was especially disappointing. We went on a long treasure hunt, and ended up with "light" (I get the metaphor) shining off buildings at dawn as our reward?<br/><br/>In my 40+ years of reading thrillers, and I don't think I am alone, there has only been one surprise ending. That was Presumed Innocent. But I hate to even mention the lawyer/author. That is because the rest of his books have not only stunk, but they don't sound like the author. I live in Chicago and the author lives in Chicago. My own suspicion is that one of his clients could not pay his/her bill and assigned him the copyright of a manuscript instead.<br/><br/>All fiction writers start to get stale. Nelson DeMille was on his game for 20 years and he lost it in the 2000s. I think Dan Brown needs to think about saying good-bye to Robert Langdon. Hopefully that will make his next book more enjoyable. But who am I to tell him that. If he announced another Langdon-based book in 2012 - 2015, I am sure his sales would be just as strong sans at least one tired Chicago reader.
 I've read nearly all Dan Brown's books, and while The DeVinci Code was a wonderful introduction to Mr. Brown's style, the Lost Symbol is his finest book to date. The story draws you in, Masonic myths have always been fascinating. The twists and turns are spectacular. That the story takes place in such a short time period made me want to press on, read it faster, and despite its length, I finished the book in two days. I just couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>Highly recommended.
 This is not my favorite of the Robert Langdon series, but this is a fantastic novel filled with action, suspense, and history. I loved the story is on American soil, which gives American readers that have not yet traveled through Europe a familiar background. Brown writes about the Freemasons, a secretive society. Secrets fuel curiosity and attracts reader interest. The maniac villain was a little cliché for me, but I thoroughly enjoyed the history, introduction to noetic science, and well written story. This book robbed many hours of sleep from me for I could NOT put it down. I confess I was not as captured by the story as I was with his other books. I did not get into this book for a few chapters, but it was worth the purchase. I loved the book and will be sad when I finish all of the Robert Langdon series.  I want more!!  What other authors include history, action, suspense, and architecture in a page turning story like Dan Brown does?
 wonderful read. Plus this book really makes you think of the bigger picture outside the box. It is rear that a book written for fiction makes you do that. I have read The previous two books and this book is just as enjoyable. The only difficultie I had was the time frame of the book. The whole book happens within a 24 hr period. I just had to keep remembering and accepting this aspect. It was just that so much was happening with all the characters and you had to switch from character story line to character story line. It was easy to forget this fact.
 For years I was Dan Brown's fan, his only one.  I have a first edition hardback of Angels &amp; Demons.  And when I had a whole stack of galleys of The Da Vinci Code six months before publication I couldn't give them away.  Well, what a difference the better part of a decade makes.  While I enjoyed The Da Vinci Code, I didn't enjoy the endless over-the-top hype of the novel and the zillions of Da Vinci clones.  Enough already.  And, truthfully, Brown's religious subject matter really didn't interest me.  So, I can't say that I've been particularly excited about the publication of The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>Yeah, I bought it the day it went on sale, but I was at home sick as a dog with the flu.  The price was right on Kindle, as was the convenience factor, and I was hoping to have the machine read to me as I wasn't quite well enough to tackle the task for myself.  Therefore, I was disappointed after purchase to see the read aloud feature disabled for this novel.  Boo hiss, Doubleday.  Anyway, I eventually got healthier and began to read again and discovered that Dan Brown has finally tackled a subject of real interest to me--my hometown, Washington, DC.<br/><br/>As the novel opens, Robert Langdon is literally jetting to DC to give an important speech as a favor to a dear friend.  Rushing to his destination in the US capitol, Langdon discovers the circumstances of his visit to DC are not what he was led to believe.  Soon, he's embroiled in another elaborate, puzzle-filled, life-threatening hunt through the nation's capitol.  He's dodging the CIA, while unraveling arcane Masonic clues, and sparring with a mad man.  In other words, pretty much what you'd expect from Dan Brown.<br/><br/>For me, personally, the symbolic tour of Washington, DC was a true joy.  And the ties to the Smithsonian Institution, where I once worked, were an added bonus.  These plot elements had me happily flipping electronic pages all through the first half of this lengthy novel.  I was enjoying The Lost Symbol significantly more than I had expected.  However, the deeper I got into the novel, the less fresh it felt.<br/><br/>First, there is the villain, Mal'akh, or whatever he wants to call himself.  It doesn't take the reader long to realize the guy is a complete and total nut job.  And once you get past the more lurid aspects of his character and story, it gets kind of old.  How much crazy do you have to read before it get boring and repetitive.  He's nuts.  We know it.  Move on.<br/><br/>Second, Brown again falls back on all his favorite plot devices.  Tricks like referring to characters without using their name, so as to obscure identity as long as possible.  Or having characters have major information that is hidden from the reader.  These things are tricks.  They're used in a heavy-handed manner.  And, again, it all just begins to feel manipulative and old.  Plus, the revelations when they finally, finally come just aren't that exciting.<br/><br/>Third, there are plot elements that were supposed to be huge surprises that were just so obvious to me.  I'm not saying that every single reader will pick up on the stuff that I did, but they might have clued into something else.  I'd be surprised if they didn't.<br/><br/>So, a mixed reaction from me.  I really enjoy Robert Langdon's lectures.  I think the symbology is genuinely interesting.  Having so much of it revolve around a location I'm intimately familiar with was a special treat for me.  There were a lot of plot elements that were just a lot of fun, and on one level this is a light, entertaining read.  The second half of the book didn't work as well for me.  I think Brown returned to his bag of tricks too often and ultimately revelations disappointed.  For a less critical reader simply looking for a page-turner, you could do worse.
 Dan Brown is one of those authors whose hero jumps in and saves the world at the last minute. We saw it in the DiVinci Code, a fantasy loosely based on a previous diatribe, Baigent, Leigh and Lincoln's Holy Blood, Holy Grail for which they sued Brown with the case being thrown outta court and both Brown and the trio selling a lot more of their books. Then, we saw it again in Angels and Demons. Here, once again we meet the professor of Symbology, Robert Langdon this time tangled up with a bunch of Masons who are involved with the CIA, the cops and a nutcase Uebermensch villain. The story is end-to-end madcap action and frustration with twists and turns as only a good yarn-spinner like Brown can do.<br/><br/>Aside from a new toybox of symbols to play with and a change of faces of villains and sidekicks, the same story told to us in his two previous Langdon adventures is served up again on a different platter. Pure fantasy? Of course. That's why we buy fiction. Same story? Yep. But that's OK. There are hundreds of ways to make spaghetti and I nearly always like spaghetti.<br/><br/>Brown takes great liberty with his symbology and for an anthropologist, linguist and mythologist, I can get a little impatient with his fast and loose handling of the tools and concepts that are the stock of my trade and profession but I keep buying his books.<br/><br/>So, I guess that makes us both winners.
 Like all great and good fic­tion, the dance between truth and the lie is quite a del­i­cate one.  In the hands of a mas­ter, it's Swan Lake, but in the hands of a rank ama­teur, it's noth­ing more than prom night.  Dan Brown's The Di Vinci Code was Swan, no ques­tion about it, for its intri­cate plot - although lin­ear, as any good thriller must be - evolved as the secrets of the Church, both true and oth­er­wise, were revealed.  The end result was some­thing of an hereto­fore undis­cov­ered pro­mul­ga­tion of the Vatican.<br/><br/>By com­par­i­son, The Lost Sym­bol is, indeed, the fum­blings of the prom night set.  Its plot attempts to cap­ture that mag­i­cal dance Di Vinci had but fails, dis­mally, because the pro­tag­o­nist, Robert Lang­don, is lit­tle more than a foil for the oft cliche secret world of Peter Solomon.  Solomon, bil­lion­aire phil­an­thropist as well as the high­est rank­ing mem­ber of the Masons, is cap­tured by the antag­o­nist.  Mal'akh is a bor­der­line between human and mon­ster whose life­long quest for the tal­is­man he believes will open the gate­way to the secrets his sur­vival requires; of course, the gate­way pro­vides for his demise, the clas­sic - if not stock - sce­nario of his arche­type.  But Mal'akh's sur­vival is not at the expense of the pro­tag­o­nist (Lang­don), as it should be, but at Peter Solomon's, which only fur­ther enhances Langdon's pro­saicism.  While Brown attempts the dance he so beau­ti­fully exe­cuted through his pro­tag­o­nist in Di Vinci, Sym­bol's Robert Lang­don plays the dis­be­liev­ing fool whose organic intel­lect hap­haz­ardly car­ries him through the plot to a rather unsat­is­fy­ing (and unrea­son­able) end.  Sim­ply put, the Robert Lang­don of Sym­bol is the idiot brother of Di Vinci's Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>Brown is so sur­pris­ingly inept at his craft in this novel that all of his char­ac­ters - save one - are reduced to vapid, homog­e­nized stereo­types.  We can, for exam­ple, see the zip­per of his mon­ster; Mal'akh has all of the vibrato of Franken­stein with­out any of the solic­i­tous empa­thy.  Kather­ine Solomon, Peter Solomon's sis­ter and famous Noetic sci­en­tist, is equally as impo­tent as Lang­don, him­self; instead of being Langdon's trusty side­kick where her knowl­edge of Noetic sci­ence is able to pro­vide cer­tain cru­cial answers that Langdon's field of sym­bol­ogy can­not, both she and her world of Noetic sci­ence remains to the end a com­plete mystery.<br/><br/>The only gen­uine char­ac­ter in the novel is Sato, the dwarfish troll, chain-smoking direc­tor of CIA Oper­a­tions who is the only clear patch in the oth­er­wise hyper­bolic sto­ry­line.  Here, Brown gets it right - almost.  With Sato, Brown cre­ates a believ­ably unre­li­able char­ac­ter; the reader is some­what con­cerned which side she's really play­ing.  But it's all for naught as the book is really noth­ing more than a sym­bol of failure.
 I have to say right off the bat that a lot of readers apparently didn't like The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown.  Maybe their expectations were so high after The Da Vinci Code that no author could live up to them.  I don't know.  For me, The Lost Symbol was a pure joy to read.  I understand that people often view things differently from each other, but I'm amazed by the sheer outrage this book seems to have stirred up during the past year.<br/><br/>Anyway, The Lost Symbol takes place in Washington, D.C. and has Paul Langdon trying to save the life of his close friend, Peter Solomon, while attempting to unravel the hidden codes of the Freemasons and the effect they had on the founding of our nation.  Sounds interesting, doesn't it?<br/><br/>When Paul Langdon is asked by an old friend/mentor to give a lecture in Washington, D.C. at the spur of the moment, Langdon agrees and flies to the nation's capital from Boston.  Once he reaches the Capital building, Langdon quickly discovers something is wrong and that he's been duped by a very clever impostor who calls himself, Ma'lak.  Ma'lak is a giant of man with his muscled body tattooed with archaic symbols.  He's also highly intelligent, rich, and seeking the hidden portal that supposedly leads to enlightenment and is discussed in the ancient doctrines of Freemasonry.  He firmly believes the portal is hidden somewhere in Washington, D.C.  Ma'lak has threatened to kill Peter Solomon if Langdon doesn't assist him in locating the portal by midnight.  To prove how serious he is about finding it, Ma'lak has left Peter Solomon's severed hand lying on the floor of the Capital building with clues to help Langdon along in his quest.  Langdon, however, must deal with a C.I.A. section's chief, seeking to stop Ma'lak in achieving his goal, believing the results will tear the country apart.  Langdon doesn't know what to think because all is not what it seems.  It doesn't take Langdon long to realize he doesn't know whom to trust.  With the clock ticking to the inevitable countdown, our Harvard professor races to unlock the secrets of our founding fathers and to find a portal that may exist or may not.  If it does, then it will offer the answers to the ancient mysteries of mankind.<br/><br/>At the beginning of the book, the author clearly states that the scientific research he discusses in his novel is actually being carried out today.  I just recently had a debate with someone who stated The Lost Symbol was nothing but fiction and had no bases for reality.  I totally disagreed with him because though I don't have a background in science, I do try to stay abreast of the current research in quantum physics, astronomy, and the understanding of the human mind in its relationship to the Universe.  I've also followed many of the discoveries that have been done in the area of Noetic Sciences throughout the last twenty-five years.  What's discussed in The Lost Symbol blew me away its authenticity and how it's carefully woven into the plot.  Brown definitely did his research and used the scientific evidence that's out there as a basis for his fantastic novel.  This is part of the reason why the book was so entertaining.  Clearly, not everyone who read the novel had the same reaction as I did, but what can I say.<br/><br/>If anyone out there has the slightest interest in man's quest to understand his place in the Universe, then check this book out for some interesting food for thought.  On top of that, it's also a damn good read that has each chapter ending with a twist that literary compels the reader to go on to the next one.  The Lost Symbol is certainly one of the best books I've read in the past decade, and I highly recommend it.  Buy the book, read it with an open mind, and you might walk away from it like I did, saying, "Wow!"
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books so far and I especially like this one because not only did it give me a lot of insight into the Masons but it also taught me a lot about the Smithsonian and Noetic Sciences. It is very captivating and as as usual with Dan Brown the ending will not disappoint you.
 Dan Brown must be a bit mystified if he reads through the reviews on Amazon.com. In many ways "The Lost Symbol" is a superior book to "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code".  Brown has matured as a writer and has honed his craft. Mainly there is less author intrusion . i.e. poor dialogue or scenes that case the reader to break from the spell that has been cast by the author and think "What? That seems silly/corny/gimicky/stupid" - in short, it knocks the reader back to the reality that they are reading a book. "The Lost Symbol" has fewer such "Author Intrusions" than Brown's previous novels.<br/><br/>Why the bad reviews? I guess there are lots of reasons, but top on the list is that his last two books were quite shocking. Without giving too much away "The Lost Symbol" is just not as shocking. It offers many of the same ingredients but the pie just isn't as filling.<br/><br/>The story focuses on Masonic tradition and the geography of Washington D.C. Robert Langdon has been asked to give a keynote speech on the symbolism of DC only to find that he is being pulled into a plot by a madman. Sound familiar? Langdon unlocks clues that have been entrusted to him by his friend in order to save his life.<br/><br/>Other Observations<br/>- The last 30 pages are pretty anti-climatic<br/>- I agree with the person who said that Dan Brown should consider a new editor- this story was bloated by about 50 pages - which served as a distraction.<br/>- Nice plot twists - Dan Brown broke from his formula (see my other Dan Brown reviews) and found a new way of introducing plot twists.<br/>- As always, Dan Brown introduces to a series of arcane facts about geography, history, word orgins and such - "The Lost Symbol" is an interesting read strictly based on Brown's explanations.<br/>- I really don't see "The Lost Symbol" being made into a movie - it just doesn't seem to flow well for a movie.<br/><br/>Final Verdict- 90% of "The Lost Symbol" is the best book written by Dan Brown, however I think a majority of Brown fans will disagree.<br/><br/>4 Stars
 I know it has become fashionable to review wildly commercially successful novels and slam them with one or two star reviews, and I'll be the first to admit that Dan Brown's fiction is hardly classic literature, however the simple fact remains:  I lay in bed at night reading his work and I don't want to quit reading.<br/><br/>Granted, you might dislike his writing style; the short cliffhanging chapters, the preposterously indestructible and omnipotent villains (present in both Angels and Demons and The Lost Symbol), the bizarre leaps in logic and analytical processes that enable our hero (Robert Langdon, a/k/a Tom Hanks) to work his way through the maze of symbols and riddles, but again, I have to force myself to quit reading at 2 a.m., when other writing has me nodding off at 11 p.m.<br/><br/>As in his two most recent blockbusters, The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons, Brown takes a subject matter rich in mystery, legend and symbology, and crafts an immensely interesting tale, based partly on fact and largely on logical extension of those facts.  This time, his subject is the Brotherhood of Masons and their highly secretive beliefs and myths.  As in his two Catholicism based predecessors, there will be numerous blogs and articles pointing out the inaccuracies in The Lost Symbol.  To those, I would say: THIS IS FICTION, people, not history (though there is plentiful educational material in all of Brown's work).<br/><br/>Bottom line, if you enjoyed The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons, you will certainly like this novel as well.  It is written on the same template and with the same style as his earlier work.  I'm sure there will come a time (as it did with Grisham, Clancy and McMurtry) when the formula will get old, but in my opinion it hasn't happened yet.  I must admit that the final 20-30 pages of religious lecture and mystic spiritualism wore me down somewhat, but the action filled and highly educational preceding 400+ pages more than balance the account.<br/><br/>I am somewhat confused by those who vehemently dislike this novel.  Not because there aren't valid criticisms, but instead, why anyone that hated it would have read it in the first place.  After all, virtually everyone that reads this book has read The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons.  If you hated and despised those two, why would you even read this book?  I suspect many of those slamming this work, secretly enjoyed reading it, but are embarrassed to admit it.
 My first exposure to Dan Brown was in "The Da Vinci Code" which I loved.  That was a fun book with puzzles (which you might even have a fighting chance at times of solving) and while straining belief (there's no such thing as a professor of Symbology), was fun in an Indiana Jones kind of way.  Then, I read "Angels and Demons" which I thought was decidedly worse in terms of writing style and in terms of the amount of disbelief we have to suspend (antimatter bombs in this era---no!  Head of CERN with a private jet--no!).  But, I thought, "That was an earlier book..."<br/><br/>Sadly, this book shows that Dan Brown is not improving steadily as an author.  I'm glad that I bought this on the kindle, so I'm only out $10, but it would have been better to have waited and read it from the library...<br/><br/>In short, there are numerous problems.  Unlike many people, I don't mind the professor droning on with lectures about the small details of everything.  I think that Dan Brown did manage to keep good pacing through most of the book.  But, his characters seemed rather flat.  The villain lacked complexity or greatness.  The ending (I won't spoil it) was a letdown and the whole "bible code" issue seemed like a copout.  Then, there were the factual problems.  I'm a physicist and the whole noetic science angle bugged me.  The things taken as fact in the book hold no validity in the real world and I could not suspend disbelief.  There seems to be a human desire to belief that in some mythical past, we knew much more than we know now and that things were so much better.  But, there is no evidence that the ancients had knowledge of quantum mechanics, relativity, etc.  We currently live in a relatively great time in human history.  We've conquered many diseases and technology is allowing us to improve life.  We've learned more about how this world works than the ancients ever did and we should acknowledge this.  Our ancestors worked hard to understand the world and did the best they could with the knowledge they had--they got some things right, but they got a lot more wrong.  In the lost symbol, Dan Brown would have us believe otherwise, but this is not the case.
 The Lost Symbol, by Dan Brown, author of The DaVinci Code, Doubleday, NY, 2009.<br/><br/>A surprising book if one has studied the occult and mysticism. Many references to the Rosicrucian Order, the Masons, , San Jose, AMORC, the Rosy Cross, Rosae Crucis, and more.<br/><br/>Apotheosis is the name of a painting of George.Washington in the Capitol Rotunda.<br/>Apotheosis meaning changing from Man to God. "Elevation to divine status" from<br/>Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary, 11th ed., P. 59.<br/>P. 272: The Folger Shakespeare Library house original Latin manuscript of Francis Bacon's New Atlantis, "...utopian vision on which the American forefathers had allegedly modeled a new world based on ancient knowledge."<br/>P. 290. A Bronze of George Washington in full Masonic regalia. In the Capitol building, nine levels bear names like the Grotto, the Crypt Room and the Knights Templar Chapel. Also over 20,000 volumes of Masonic writings. Small model of King Solomon's temple<br/>throne room.<br/>P. 291: CIA guilty of studying "Remote Viewing," psychic abilities to transport mind's eye to any location and spy there.<br/>P. 486 Mentions Ancient Mysteries, the Lost Word, the Secrets of the Ages. Albrecht Durer's Melencolia I--the image of the dejected Adept, failed efforts to unveil the mystical secrets of alchemy.<br/>P. 490: Sir Francis Bacon, the luminary hired by King James to literally create the authorized King James Bible, cryptic, still studied today.  Bacon was a Rosicrucian, penned The Wisdom of the Ancients.<br/>P. 497: Mentions Brumidi's The Apotheosis of Washington, huge painting, 1700s.<br/>P. 498b: The science of Noetics, The science of Noetics may be new, but it's actually the oldest science on earth--the study of human thought. And we're learning that the ancients actually understood thought more profoundly than we do today. The Vedas describe the flow of mind energy. the Pistis Sophia describes universal consciousness. The Zohar explores the nature of Mind spirit. The Shamanic texts predict Einstein's 'remote influence' in terms of healing at a distance.<br/>P. 499. The Bible encoded with scientific information....Read some of Newton's esoteric texts on the Bible....cryptic parables. 499b. Healing with the Pineal Gland during meditation. Regeneration. Rosicrucian teachings. Noetic.org. Laus Deo. Read this a year<br/>ago, May 17, 2010. May 21, 2011. Purchased May, 2011. Eml: cbrad4334@aol.com<br/>END
 I found this book to be somewhat boring compared to The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons. It started out ok but quickly became dull and repetitive, but I forced myself to finish it because I bought it...twice. The first time I bought it I actually loaned it out before reading it myself to a friend (or so I thought) who ended up moving away suddenly and never responded to my attempts at getting it back. The second time I purchased it was on my Kindle. I was so pleased with Brown's previous Robert Langdon stories (mentioned above) that I thought, "How can I go wrong with another one?" It took rather a long time for Brown to make his point, which, to me, wasn't very clear or even that exciting to realize. And I could have done without the description of every single item and scene in the story. Details are great, but Brown was just way too wordy here. I was expecting a semi-fresh page-turner, but this was just too formulaic and a bit of a snoozefest.<br/><br/>Aside from the several hundred pages of boring detail, I didn't like the characters that much either...even Langdon was kind of on my nerves, and he's the reason I decided to read it.<br/><br/>I am not dismissing Brown's future work, and I am certainly interested in reading another Robert Langdon adventure if Brown decides to write one. I just wish I had liked this one, too.
 I'll try not to take the low (albeit easy) road and trash this book and its author Dan Brown. But, I do admit to being pretty disapointed with it. I'm not saying it is not a good read, or that I regret the time spent reading it... but it fell short of my expectations - expectations that I think were realistic and fair.<br/><br/>If you picture a common bell curve, with DaVinci Code at the apex, then it gives you a visual indication that The Lost Symbol begins the turn downward for Dan Brown's books. Let's hope that this is not a traditional bell curve, and this book is just a depresion in what will be an otherwise good writing career. I use the bell curve analogy because I have read each of his novels, and I felt that DaVinci Code was the product of a stedily progressive writing skill. Unfortunately, Lost Symbol takes a turn for the worse. At times I almost felt I was reading a book on par with Deception Point again.<br/><br/>WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE ABOUT IT:<br/>  From the early stages of plot development, this book seemed a little weak. I found myself not really caring that much what the big mystery was, how Professor Langdon was going to solve it, and what obstacles would confront him along the way. Not that I didn't want to - Mr. Brown just made it very difficult. His descriptions of the mundane events and actions in this book are far too wordy and detailed, yet he cuts away sharply at times when further detail and color would be nice.<br/>  Professor Langdon is reduced to a drooling idiot in this book (the reason for my reference to an earlier novel "Deception Point"). The good professor is bewildered and befuddled through the entire story - never once taking charge and having purpose. Seems odd that his character is involved in the story because "only he" can solve the mystery, and "he alone" is the subject matter expert... meanwhile, he has to have everything explained to him for the entire book. If Tom Hanks has read this book, he is surely telling his agent to get him out of any obligation to play the role in the inevitable film, unless he is in the mood for a Forrest Gump reprise ("Momma always said that life was like a ancient symbol"...).<br/>  The character of Katherine in this story is stupider yet, even though she is a brillian scientist. She makes all the typical "dumb woman" moves and decisions that one would expect from a 1950's horror movie. What a step backwards for women in this character.<br/>  And finally - what I liked the least - was the letdown. Hard to describe without spoiling the story, but the payoff just isn't there at the end of this book.<br/><br/>I'm not saying it has NO value, but next time Mr. Brown writes a book, I might just wait for the movie to come out (on cable) - because it seems that he is less concerned with writing a good book and more concerned with following a mediocre Hollywood formula.
 I found this book to be very intriguing.  As a Christian, many concepts were easy to accept, we do have a soul, we can affect matter with the power God has given us. The biggest disappointment was the interpretation of Elohim, God is plural, but as the Father, Son and Spirit.  In spite of things I disagree with I would still recommend this book to others.  It really makes you think and as usual Brown keeps you guessing till the end.
 The Lost Symbol will have you sitting on the edge of your seat with bated breath, wondering what's going to happen next, fingers crossed that it's not what you think it will be.  It's an intriguing fast-paced read that will sometimes leave you short of breath.  Dan Brown masterfully weaves old myths and truths about the Freemasons into his extraordinary tale, thus giving the reader an exciting history lesson along with this fabulous read.  It will leave your imagination running wild.  I found his presentation of Noetic Science to be fascinating, and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since.<br/>On the surface, "The Lost Symbol" is just another thriller, but, especially towards the end, Dan Brown turns it into so much more for the attentive reader.  He asks intriguing questions that have no answers.  And then he proposes answers.  He preaches the importance of unity, open-mindedness, and understanding, and he manages to do this without proselytizing (although it did at some points feel didactic).  One of the key themes of "The Lost Symbol" is religious tolerance, and Dan Brown presents a convincing case that really, all religions are one and the same.<br/>I'll say something I've said before: There has been quite a bit of hoopla over whether or not Dan Brown is actually a good author or whether he just got lucky with "The DaVinci Code."  I can't say.  I don't feel I have any kind of qualifications to judge whether or not an author is "good" or "bad."  What I can say is that I loved "the DaVinci Code," I liked "Angels and Demons," and I loved "The Lost Symbol."  It kept me excitedly turning pages until the very end, and for me, that's what's most important about a book.  It also taught me something and made me curious to learn more, which, again for me, is also extremely important in a book.<br/>That's not to say that it was perfect.  There were times when it got extremely repetitive.  Someone had a revelation, and in the next chapter a different person had that same revelation, and in the chapter after that, another person would be having that revelation, and so on. . .  You catch my drift.  There is also the small problem of Robert Langdon himself.  I get that he's a skeptic, but I think Dan Brown took his skepticism too far in this book.  He would take ages to come to some completely obvious understanding, just because he didn't believe it could be true.  He's supposed to be a smart man, but at times, in large part because of his over-played-out skepticism, I sort-of thought he was an idiot.<br/>Still, in the end, it was exciting and anything but slow.  An utterly enjoyable and informative read.
 I have been in school for a year and a half and I was really looking forward to finally be able to read this book since I read all of the others. It started strong and I was intruiged with the characters, the plot, and the science. Basically, I couldn't put it down! I was waiting for the big "reveal"! Finally, as I started to reach the end, I kept waiting... There was one section where I read it 3 times, thinking I had missed something. A subtlety perhaps. I put down the book, quizzically tried to understand the ramifications, and realized there was none. What I read was what I got and what I got was nothing. I am in agreement with one reviewer; it was preachy and just disappointing. Halfway through, I guessed the truth about the protaganist, but once again, I hoped there was something more. This just felt like a book that fulfilled a contract and so Brown used the book to give us his overall world view. I prefer the contraversial to the preachy. He needed to save that for the real ministers. I don't know what to say; it just wasn't worth reading. I gave it 3 stars because until he got to the end, it was an interesting book. But the end made the whole experience futile. I won't bother with the movie to this one either.
 Please read the Amazon description for the plot. This is about the writing. No spoilers.<br/><br/>Having finished the book about a week ago, I've given a lot of thought as to why I didn't like this book as much as his previous entries. I have a theory that once an author is so popular that, on the cover, his name is actually larger than the title of the book, the publisher has turned editing into a formality. This book suffered from what I call Too-Big-For-His-Pants-itis. I've seen it happen to Stephen King, Kathy Reichs, John Grisham, Dean Koontz, etc..., and it hasn't stopped.<br/><br/>The amount of active editing, as compared to passive copy-editing, for these bigger-than-life authors takes a nosedive because the publisher knows that most of us will pretty much buy a grocery list with the right name attached.<br/><br/>Brown's other books were well-edited and moved along at breakneck speed. In each subsequent book, you could see him growing as a writer. Whoever edited his earlier work wanted him to be successful, and in turn, make money for the publishing house. This book was riddled with contrived dialogue and well-worn exclamations (!!!) that you just didn't find (a lot of) in his other novels.<br/><br/>And this is the problem with the publishing industry today.  Look at the latest book covers of the big-name authors and the font size of their names is so large, you have to squint to read the title.<br/><br/>When you start seeing that with your favorite author, it's over. Their editors are simply running a spell-checker, probably making a few run-on sentences not 'run on' so long, and then it's off to the printing press. It wasn't always like this, and sadly, it's become the norm. How many times have you heard someone say or comment that his or her early novels were so much better. This is why.<br/><br/>I've read a few Koontz novels from his early days, and while the actual concept might have been a stinker, the writing was superb. Fast-paced, trimmed to perfection, with his excellent ability of getting us to suspend disbelief. Koontz barely even tries today, and what editor is going to tell their money machines that what they wrote is crap and will require months of rewrites. Publishers don't even bother. Which all goes back to my book cover, grocery list theory.<br/><br/>I hope this trend ends soon, because the last few novels I read by Grisham, Koonts, and King (to name only a few) were so horrible I felt dirty for having put in the time to finishing them. Maybe the publishing industry is in the toilet because people are sick of buying the hardcover book (or using Kindle), finding it's nothing like the author's earlier work, and are rightly P.O.'d. They'd rather borrow the book from a friend who did pay top dollar for it or go to the library and check it out. In this economy, who wants to invest in a piece of garbage?<br/><br/>Remember the last time a movie was made based on a Koontz or Grisham or King novel? Me neither. Would you want to see a movie based on their latest work?<br/><br/>The one thing Brown does have going for him compared to the big boys is that in the publishing world, he's still a 'newish' author. I doubt he reads these comments, but if he does, here's my advice to him: continue educating us like you did in the Lost Symbol, and find another editor who isn't afraid to say, "Dan, we have a lot of work to do if we want to make this a thrilling bestseller." Same for King and all the others.
 Dan Brown's adventure-prone professor Robert Langdon returns, this time manipulated by (yet another) mysterious, disturbed lone wolf into finding a treasure trove of ancient knowledge, hidden by the Masons somewhere in Washington, D.C.  Discrediting and tearing down the Masons is also part of the villain's plan.<br/><br/>Don't expect the level of searing (credible or otherwise) revelation as "The Da Vinci Code" and you'll enjoy this fascinating, pulp-inspired thriller just fine.  In fact, I found the book to be entertaining for pretty much the opposite reasons as "The Da Vinci Code":  The earlier book was a decent page-turner mainly due to its incredible postulations (again, believeable or otherwise) about Christianity and history, with the thriller plot being serviceable at best.  This time, the thriller plot, more skillful and involving than before (though slightly predictable here and there), was the main attraction for me, with the "incredible revelations" being kind of interesting and fascinating, but nowhere near as earth shattering or memorable as the previous book.  So, "The Lost Symbol" is still a perfectly good book to curl up with, but for somewhat different reasons than the previous Langdon adventure.<br/><br/>I also liked the underlying theme of the book, that we should be less worried about a possible afterlife and more awed and fascinated by our species' potential here on Earth.  Of course, the book isn't entirely satisfied with mankind's more obvious areas for growth and improvement- our intellect and capacity to address the world's problems if we really try- but rather suggests that we have some manner of untapped brain power that will ultimately allow us to perform actions approaching the magical.  But this is a thriller, after all, so I guess the inclusion of fantastic material like that is okay... especially when it's in a book that puts forth the laudable view that one can respect and be guided by religion, while not being driven by its every tenet.<br/><br/>If you enjoyed "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code", I can't imagine not at least liking a little this latest entry in the series.  It's a perfectly fine installment, and makes me hope it's not another five or six years until we next see Robert Langdon running through some dark, murky corridors in search of an amazing clue to an even more amazing revelation.
 Mr. Brown does an excellent job of keeping the reader wanting to find out “the answer”, whatever the question may be.  There are many who would believe that we are the end all, as humans, but ultimately, if we were, how come we did not create ourselves.  Ancient Mysteries are not really mysteries; they are just knowledge we are not privy to yet. Keep searching; they are found in the Word as Mr. Brown so skillfully has set forth.
 I loved the beginning of the book.  Brown isn't a great writer but he knows how to get his readers turning pages.  BUT -- the book should have ended earlier -- I think.  I've got about 28 pp to go and very little incentive to finish, now that the Solomons are saved, a "world crisis" has been averted, the denouement of Mah'lak has come and gone.  Masons?  Look, I get that great geniuses were once Masons -- but I cannot take seriously men in dress-up enacting little vignettes, no matter how symbolic. Yeah, Dan's got that whole "It was astonishing!" thing down pat -- God bless him, I think he's probably very happy with life if so much truly amazes and astonishes him.  I'm just not that type.  And really, if the Masons are such friggin' geniuses, you'd think by now they'd have included women.  Seriously -- how "enlightened" do you want me to see these men, in their bat caves, with their skulls and toy coffins, practically with a hand painted sign, NO GIRLS ALLOWED?  By the end of the book (minus 28 pp), I couldn't be convinced about the importance of the Masons, so the whole National Security Threat angle wasn't working for me. Like we'd be shocked to find out that our leaders are idiots and overgrown frat boys?  I think not.  And while I LIKED the twist about the son, it's rather hard to believe that Zachary wasn't recognized.  Even Barry Bonds is recognizable as Barry Bonds under all the steroids.  So there was the credulity factor, too.  I loved the research -- well done, Blythe! -- but after a point the repetition was numbing.  Noetics was fascinating -- it's too bad they exploded the lab, proofs, history, etc. and so early at that.  Knowing when to end the book would have helped.  Peter is saved -- wouldn't it be nice to have that stump attended to at the hospital?  Maybe get a shower, spend time with his sister, mourn his dead, then not-dead but worse-than-dead son?  Does it make sense to STILL try to convince us the Masons are onto to something by delaying all that and going for a blindfolded tour of DC with an old friend you were only in sporadic touch with...?  I know I'm reading fiction, but, jeez, I think I can see why his son was such a head case.  ;)  Overall, though, I enjoyed 3/4 of the book thoroughly.
 I write about this phenomenon only because Dan Brown has already become one of the most widely read authors in modern times. The fact that this is a real literary tragedy should not deter us from recognizing that people are reading his books and they are not reading my books. Brown's last three books have created this phenomenon. Angels and Demons dealt with the Roman Catholic Church and diabolical secret societies and was set in Rome. The blockbuster DaVinci Code dealt again with the Roman Church but also offered a revised version of early Christian history with a plot spread over Europe. The Lost Symbol deals entirely with the Masonic Order and is set entirely in Washington, D.C.<br/><br/>Lost Symbol deals, as does all of Brown's books, with arcane symbols, this time with those symbols and secret vows of the Ancient and Free Order of Masons. The hero, Robert Langdon, Professor of something called Symbology at Harvard, is enlisted by what he thinks is his old mentor to lecture one Sunday evening in Washington. He finally realizes that he has been drawn into an involved family conflict that spreads to the Masonic Order and the possible discovery of the "Ancient Wisdom" hidden somewhere in the depths of the city known for its Masonic connections going back to the founding fathers.  I have said enough about the plot in case my readers desire to follow the murky and highly repetitive wanderings of the characters through the labyrinthine world of Masonic rituals, oaths, and secrets. From the start we are also introduced to one of the most evil characters in fiction, possibly worse than Hannibal Lecter in "Silence of the Lambs" and Javier Bardem's assassin in "No Country for Old Men."  While I don't think the pacing of "Symbol" is as effective as that in "Angels" and "DaVinci," about half way through the characters begin their improbable escape from enemies that are not really their enemies until the climax on a sacrificial table in still another Masonic Temple  (surprised?).<br/><br/>I have tired of Brown's style and it was hard to stay up with the interminable impromptu lectures from Professor Langdon at most improbable times (while standing over a severed hand?). I also had a hard time recognizing that our knowledge that many of our nation's leaders are Masons constitutes a national emergency of the level that the CIA's greatest resources are employed. I know this is fiction, but there needs to be consistency and reality within the fictional world of a novel, right? To read about a person's drowning death, in language that is clearly describing a human death, only to be informed later than he really didn't die but was breathing water all the time ...  come one! That is a trick that an omniscient author plays on an unsuspecting reader that is entirely different from an unexpected plot twist.<br/><br/>While it may appear that Brown has done his research, Latin and Greek readers will recognize that he has made serious mistakes in translating both of these languages and the supposed insights that he shares from his linguistic mistakes are major steps in the plot. His research is so filled with mistakes like this and numerous other evil canards about Masonic history that the poor Masons probably are wondering how they are going to handle all the new applicants that will appear after this book is widely read!<br/><br/>I hold no brief for the Masonic Order, but I do for Christianity and Brown has now done the same hatchet job on both. Please, Dan, spare us another novel that exposes whatever whipping boy you think will enlighten us - and add to your retirement fund!  Perhaps Mother's Day is a good target. I have always wondered about the diabolical secret codes embedded in those cards!
 I was one of the legions of fans who absolutely loved Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code. In fact, I recall staying up all night to finish the latter, and being nearly comatose the next day during a conference I was attending. I was very eager to read The Lost Symbol, because I liked Dan Brown's detail and research. This book though - I don't have much good to say about it.<br/><br/>The pros - Once again, Dan Brown's detail to research is fascinating. He obviously researched the Freemasons, and took a lot of what he learned and turned it into a story. Well, sort of. I actually like his writing style, too, although some people do criticize it. His books read in some areas like a textbook, which is the part that I rather like when the topic interests me. I can see it being a bit dry for the action aficionados. He brought back a character that I like as well - RObert Langdon doesn't come off as some muscle-bound clod, but this intellectual-but-can-kick-butt-when-necessary.I do have more to say on this subject, however, later.<br/><br/>The cons - The villain is really, really bad. He is a caricature lifted out of some cheap straight to DVD slasher flick. He reminded me of Jason from Friday the 13th. Sorry, you can't cover a tattoo- especially whole body ones -without A LOT of makeup, and that would be so obvious that the only way you could pull it off would be to masquerade as a cross dresser. The other characters were BORING. Peter Solomon and his sister or whatever their names were (see - they made such a little impression that I cannot recall a thing) not very well-fleshed out, and once again, just seemed like caricatures. ANd Robert Langdon, despite my fondness for the charcter, also bored me. ANd that Japanese woman was ridiculous - made me think of those terrible stereotypical cartoons from WWII days. Boring. The whole plot was just confusing and silly, the editing wasn't very good, though I have to admit that at times I did get distracted by the less than ideal formatting in the Kindle edition. I skipped through whole sections of the book and I don't think that I missed very much. I can't even remember the end, but I know that it didn't come fast enough.<br/><br/>Sounds pretty bad. It is not a good book. SOme people may enjoy it. I did not. I would advise borrowing it from a library or some unlucky person like me who actually pre-ordered it.
 In Dan Brown's latest Robert Langdon thriller, Langdon is rushed to Washington D.C. as a last-minute guest speaker at the request of his mentor, Peter Solomon. When he arrives however, the truth is revealed: Solomon, a prominent member of the secret Mason organization, has been kidnapped, and only Robert can solve the riddle of the infamous Masonic Pyramid to find the key to the Ancient Mysteries which the kidnapper demands before it's too late. Matched up with Solomon's sister, Katherine, and pitted against the CIA themselves, Langdon is once again in a race against time to save the world... and himself.<br/><br/>We all know by now that Dan Brown can write a darn good thriller. But what distingushes him from all the wannabes? What makes him better than the rest? The level of detail he he creates, the intricate plots, the twisted clues, and the fact that everything he writes could actually be true... and probably is. Other writers do research and posit interesting theories about secrets hidden in our culture, lost cities and ancient temples. But Brown makes them look like amateurs. Similar to Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code, Brown has woven a tangled web of conspiracy set in truth, this time all around Washington D.C.<br/><br/>Like a shepherd leading his flock to a source of nourishment, Brown opens the reader's eyes to clues set in our very midst; to ancient prophecies and wisdom handed down from the ages. Revealing everything piece by intricate piece, one can hardly read his evidence without believing some of it to be true. And that is what makes him better than the rest. Six years lay between the release of The DaVinci Code and the unveiling of The Lost Symbol. Does Brown's genius make as big of an impact this time around? Maybe not as much now that we've come to expect it. But that doesn't make it any less intense.<br/><br/>My only fault with The Lost Symbol was the ending. Overly long and fairly dull, fifteen pages of resolution and exposition, combined with a heaping dose of religious symbolism, could have been crunched into ten. Sleepily I trudged through the final pages wondering if anything else was going to "happen." Alas, it was a struggle with no entertaining reward. But it was informative and visual.<br/><br/>Overall, I'm still impressed with Dan Brown and Robert Langdon. I will happily wait another six years if it means his next book is as well researched and enigmatic as The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>4 stars<br/><br/>(I bought this book with my own dough)
 I actually liked The Lost Symbol better than The DaVinci Code.  The latter was, for me, a real letdown.  It has a fast-paced plot that built up excitement and set readers up for "the big reveal" only to give us a resolution about the supposed feminine divine that was a stretch to accept at best.  The Lost Symbol, on the other hand, doesn't purport to be more than it is -- an entertaining look at the architecture of Washington, DC, based on a plot that shows how easy it is for a zealot to misinterpret ancient (or sacred) writings to the great harm of all concerned.<br/><br/>And I think the plot in itself is an allegory in that Brown is pointing out a more mundane truth -- some people in our world today misinterpret sacred writings (aka scripture) to the great harm of everyone.  There is clearly a great deal of symbolism in the artistic expressions of humankind, whether those expressions be in charcoal on a cave wall, in oil paintings of the Vatican, in the design of public buildings or in the written word.  Those of us who cross over the mental line to narcissism and come to believe that only "we" (aka our clan, tribe, religious group, etc.) have deciphered the truth can become a truly dangerous force in society.<br/><br/>So my take on The Lost Symbol is that it's an average read, offering its readers amusement and a moral caution.  My advice to those who haven't yet read it:  wait for the paperback.
 There has been so much hype about this book. Amazon even devoted the entire main page to the book's much awaited release. Extra security measures were taken in case someone tried to illegally obtain a copy. Now that I read it, I'm sitting here thinking is that it? The Da Vinci Code was excellent. I only read Angels and Demons recently. I thought it was fairly good, although I was disappointed when I realized how similiar the two novels were. If you've read Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code, you will be able to guess who is behind all the mayhem. It was always the person you least expected. The Lost Symbol is a little different. The identity of the person creating the chaos in this book is so obvious, you would have to be a complete dunce not to guess it.<br/><br/>Another gripe I have about this book is why is Robert Langdon such a skeptic when it comes to religion and miracles. Didn't he meet a descendant of Jesus Christ? Doesn't he know where Mary Magdalen is buried. Am I missing something here?<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol had some entertaining moments. Although, it all became a bit of a mess towards the end. The writing got just a little desperate. I think Dan Brown realized this. That may be the reason for the cliffhanger ending at the end of almost every chapter.<br/><br/>I honestly cannot picture this book on the big screen. If it does happen, I don't think Tom Hanks will have anything to do with it.  I don't know if Dan Brown is planning another book, but I get the feeling it's going to be all downhill from here folks.
 Here we arrive at Robert Langdon's third adventure. And while it was still a good one, there were a few more things that are starting to get in the way of really enjoying the novel as much as his past adventures. Lets get a few of the things that I did not like about the novel out of the way. First, it just felt too long. I enjoy a nice deep and long read a lot, but there needs to be enough to keep it interesting. And there are many times in this novel where that is just not the case. There are just some sections of the novel that feel like nothing is happening and I am just reading words printed on the page, because they are doing nothing to add to the story that I am reading. When I picked up the novel, I thought initially it felt kinda big, and I was excited that it seemed like it is going to be a good and deep thriller novel. But just a bit too much of that size was not really doing anything but rambling.<br/><br/>I have mixed feelings about some of the in-depth explanations of a lot of architecture in this novel. For 95% of the time, I really enjoyed it. It gave substance to the world and was presented strongly and completely which was great. It really gave me a clear vision of the world and a lot of explanations that helped to support the vision. Though, there were also times where some if it felt a bit unnecessary and kind of added to that element of filler words at times.<br/><br/>Now for some things I really enjoyed about the novel. Katherine, our lead supporting female role in the novel is the best from the Robert Langdon novels. She feels strong, intelligent, and fairly independent. Some of the scenes from her lab are just excellent and among my favorites of Dan Brown's. I think I even actually like her a bit better the Robert Langdon to be honest. Mal'akh is also a very excellent antagonist in the novel, probably again the best antagonist in the any of Dan Brown's novels. He just plays a great foil to our protagonist's efforts and this whole novel is really a great cat and mouse game.<br/><br/>The story itself is very good. Somewhere just below Angels &amp; Demons and just a tad better than The Da Vinci Code. When the story is moving and things are happening it is everything I want out of a thriller novel. It is fact paced and exciting, and there is suspense and surprises. And really, the only thing separating this from a 4-5 star novel is the fact that there just feels like there is some filler stuff in the novel that just acts to dilute the greatness at the end of the day.
 Everyone interested in books seems to feel passionately about Dan Brown, whether love him or hate him.  I rarely feel that passionately about an author.  Dan Brown is no exception.  I enjoy some of his books more than others, and I feel he has some weaknesses as an author as well as some great strengths.  What follows outlines some of those strengths and weakness as put on display in this, his latest novel, The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>Brown's greatest strength as a writer is his ability with the cliffhanger.  He knows how to keep a novel moving forward at breakneck speed.  I ripped through these 500 pages of text in a couple short sittings.  For the bulk of the novel I was always interested in what was coming next.  He also needs to be credited with creating a good lead character in Robert Langdon.  The Harvard symbologist as leading man is credible and interesting, for all that he and his profession is invented.  Finally, he always manages to create the weirdest antagonists--in this case, a tattooed Mason-hater--which, though their skills at murder always seem rather idealized, are fun in novels of this type.<br/><br/>On the other hand, Brown's biggest weakness is that the payoff at the end of his novels is usually not worth the effort it takes to get there.  The ridiculous helicopter-crashing climax at the end of Angels &amp; Demons leaps to mind.  Here, all the passion expended over this Masonic secret the government is desperate to protect is a complete let-down.  If I had been in Langdon's shoes and knew in advance what everyone was so desperate to protect, I would have shrugged my shoulders and walked away.<br/><br/>For me, this book also suffers from another weakness: Masonic intrigues are just not as inherently interesting as the science vs. religion conflict of Angels &amp; Demons and the art study/grail legend redux of The DaVinci Code.  Granted, finding a really fascinating topic for this type of novel must be a challenge, but Brown is not quite up to the challenge here.<br/><br/>Still, the road to the conclusion has it pleasures.  Most pseudo-intellectual thrillers are plodding affairs that are a slog to the uninteresting conclusion.  Despite their disappointments, I have never found Brown's novels to be boring.  This novel is no exception in that regard.
 Not a big surprise here - if you enjoyed The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, you'll probably enjoy The Lost Symbol, although Brown's formulaic approach will likely tire on you by the third in the series.  I'd rate Da Vinci Code about a 4-star work, and Angels and Demons 3-star (like most I read TDVC before A&amp;D, so part of it's appeal was that Brown's writing was new to me at that time).<br/><br/>Pros: Like the first two in the series, Brown feeds out information one bit at a time, with each answer leading to more questions.  This leads to a very suspenseful, entertaining read.  Also like the first two, it's packed with puzzles that do appeal somewhat to my nerdy side.<br/><br/>Cons: Repetitive, formulaic writing style grows old in this 3rd (and hopefully last) installment in the series.  Writing quality is about that of a B average high school student - I can't figure out for the life of me why Brown's editors can't help him with this.  The biggest con is the subpar character development - Langdon isn't exactly the most exciting hero in the fiction world, and the supporting cast wasn't much better.  The Villian is a forgettable hodgepodge of bad-guy cliches.  While the writing is suspenseful, I don't know if The Lost Symbol is more predictable than the last two installments or if I've just become accustomed to Brown, but I found many of the "surprise!" moments in TLS to be more than a little predictable.<br/><br/>Overall - it's an entertaining read, but not great fiction by any stretch.  If you enjoyed the first two, you might as well pick up a copy of TLS, just don't expect to be blown away.  Bring it along on a long flight or something - it's more the type of forgettable entertainment best suited for a beach or airplane read.
 I will start by saying that I did enjoy this book.  It was a fast read, easy to follow, didn't jump too much between scenes, the characters were generally interesting and well-described. My disappointment lies in the feeling that this book was written with the primary purpose of being a novel-to-screenplay adaptation.  The book has several chapters which seemed to stall, and then the last few chapters moved swiftly, as if it was a long movie trying to wrap before the two-hour mark.  The story line is intriguing, and having visited our nation's capital just this summer, I already want to go back there again to see some of the details that Brown describes in his story.<br/>I truly enjoy Robert Langdon as a lead character, but I would like to see some more recurring characters in Brown's novels if he is planning to continue with the Langdon series. For example, I am a Clive Cussler fan, and I can honestly say that one of my favorite characters of his is not Dirk Pitt, but instead the jovial St. Julien Perlmutter.  His appearance in many of Cussler's books is a welcome interruption in between the action and chase scenes that are so common to his story lines.<br/>I've read several of the other reviews here on Amazon and it appears that many other folks share my feelings about this book. I would definitely recommend that it be read, but if you've never read Brown's books (and no, watching the movies doesn't count!), start with Angels &amp; Demons, then The Da Vinci Code, then this book.  You'll be able to better appreciate the character development of Robert Langdon as well as Brown's writing style.  Enjoy!
 Can I write a review using thirty-three words?  Probably not.  However, Dan Brown has managed to find every thirty-three degree edifice in Washington D.C.  Was this book a primer for the Masonic society, and if so, it missed the mark.  Such a waste of time.  I really liked the first two Robert Langdon books, but will not purchase more!
 This was easily my least favorite of the Langdon series (by a long shot).  The active part of the plot was engaging, and, as usual for Brown, the characters were interesting.  The plot was nicely woven with a surprising revelation at the end.  However, some of the premises underlying the story were hard for me to accept (even though this is fiction).  What ruined the book for me were his tedious descriptions, and explanations concerning this "ancient knowledge" that was sought.  Particularly bothersome here was that the last 60 or so pages of the book was taken up by this drivel.  My suggestion to a potential reader is that when  this stuff is encountered, just page forward until you get out of it and just enjoy the story.
 This book never really "jelled" for me, possibly because I live just outside of DC and commute there everyday, but probably because it just wasn't  a compelling scenario.  But I kept reading, because I was hoping for a revelation moment, or something that would be a moment when I was hooked, like I was in the DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>The writer tried too hard, and I felt I was in a prep for a movie, not in a movie.  Characters like the CIA domina-- please neither sinister nor believable.  What did all the description of her add to the story-- nothing, I'd rather have known why the heck the CIA was leading the case investigation.  The disappointment at the end of the book...rarely felt before.  Langston was a real goofy protaganist - I felt like I was in one of my eighth grade constitution classes at times. The motivation for the evil character's evil was, well, mundane.  Heck the whole build up to the fearful why, was somewhat tedious and frankly not shocking in this world.<br/><br/>Sadly, none of the characters came off the page- they stayed in the two dimensions of letters on a page. Oh well, I read Deception Point too, and it didn't kill me.  Or apparently teach me a lesson about reading books that don't grab me.<br/><br/>Just wish I could get those 5 hours of my life back.  And I bought this book for many of my relatives... they're probably going to want their time back also.  And I'm going to hear about it for months.
 Once again, Dan Brown writes a book worthy of the genre. He's one of the top authors in my "book." Interesting information on symbols, American History, as well as esoteric background. It keeps me up at night! Though I don't have the time to read it all the way through in one sitting, I can't wait to get back to it once I have time!
 Well, color me disappointed.<br/><br/>It's not a "worse" book in terms of action or dialogue than The DaVinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons.  in fact, it's very similar to them in terms of pace and progression.<br/><br/>However, it's just not very interesting.<br/><br/>The "grave threat" that Langdon faces isn't very grave.  The hidden mystery just isn't on par with the other two Langdon novels either.  While i found myself spellbound by the overall plot of the other two threats facing Langdon, I found myself thinking "So what?" about this one.<br/><br/>I think maybe the Freemasons aren't as mysterious and interesting, nor are they as dark and ominous and the Templars or Illuminati would be.  More importantly, the peculiarities of Washington D.C. architecture, which Brown lectures on throughout the book, isn't as esoteric and surprising as the ideas postulated in the previous Langdon adventures.<br/><br/>In short, I feel like "we've all heard this before."  Where before, Brown was postulating some new and interesting historical mysteries, I feel like he's moved into the Wal-Mart version.  This doesn't seem any better written or more engaging than the host of Dan Brown copy-cat books that have been released in the past 5 years.  It's as good as most of them, but lacks the feelings of depth and "power" of the previous offerings.  In short, I doubt anyone really cares about the great quest he has sent Robert Langdon on this time.  It's neither believable nor suprising, which were the hallmarks of Brown's previous two Langdon books.  Certainly, it's not worth the hardcover price. Luckily the Kindle price is only $9.99, which suits it just fine.
 Like his last two Robert Langdon books, Dan Brown combines okay writing skills to describe a story involving stick figure, unreal characters.  This is Robert Langdon's third book.  What do we really know about him?  He's smart.  He has gotten a lot of awards.  He teaches when he isn't being drawn into some protracted story, that always combines a nice twist on history with a series of ridiculous events, often falling into the science fiction category.  But who and what is the real Robert Langdon?  I read for two reasons: first, for good character development.  I want to relate to the characters in some manner.  I want to be able to understand what drives them. Second, I want to enjoy a relatively realistic story with lots of excitement.  Those criteria suggest that I have given up on Dan Brown.  Readers know virtually nothing about Robert Langdon, Brown's ONLY real character.  Brown's other characters are supernatural forces of good and evil that no reader can identify with.  While the history lessons he presents are interesting, the stories always drag with useless prose that defocus the reader from the story line.  The Robert Langdon character, himself, is a conflict in terms.  At one point he is the genius who presents theories and answers that seem like information stored in a computer database in his head.  Then, within one or two pages, he appears to be a complete goof, not knowing what to do next.  In essence, the other characters are there as straight men/women to support his character.  I only hope that this book doesn't emerge into another dull, convoluted and time-consuming screenplay.
 While entertaining, this story didn't seem as compelling as A&amp;D or even DVC. The sidebar storytelling/history lessons seemed to drag on needlessly.  Even though this was part fiction, part factual-based with conspiracy theory twists, Dan Brown seemed to have "sold out" a bit in making this a "for movie" type of book.  This story didn't seem to have much substance and suspense timing (as in his the two previous Langdon adventures); it felt rushed ... as if he was forced to put something down on paper to conclude a thought or scene.<br/><br/>It also seemed that Dan Brown was either trying to appease the Church or putting just enough out there only to end his point with a contraction.<br/><br/>Without giving away too much in the story, when the story really got going, there was a very unbelievable part on their way to Mal'kah's house ...<br/><br/>Overall, a decent read.  If you've read the other two Langdon books, ya' have to give this one a try.<br/><br/>p.s., props to iphone &amp; tweets were interesting too.<br/><br/>p.p.s, I didn't understand why the Author/Publisher chose NOT to support the Kindle's Text-to-Speech capability. Although, it did appear that the pictures were the same as the printed copy.
 With the blank spaces between paragraphs, it was almost impossible to keep up with POV shifts. Some of the dialogue was misformatted, with more than one speaker per paragraph. The book also contains other errors such as hanging or missing quotation marks. This read like a book that needed to be produced on a deadline. One more go-through by the author or editor would have caught/corrected the errors that made me grind my teeth.<br/><br/>The end of the book drags.<br/><br/>I'm not sure I'll read the next one.
 The DaVinci code was a rewrite of angels and demons when A &amp; D didn't originally sell.  Then when "code" went blockbuster, they went back and tweaked A &amp; D and re-released it.  Now, they've done the same thing with the aptly named "Lost Symbol."  Crazy bad guy with a bad complexion.  Code device that Langdon hauls around in his backpack until he can figure out how to unlock it. Hot chick he can't quite connect with.  "Surprise" bad guy.  "Mysterious pyramid" - aka The Washington Monument which if you didn't figure THAT out 10 pages in you're an idiot.  Secret societies chasing after each other and you don't know who the bad secret society is and who the good secret society is.  Maddening - and maddeningly inept -  cliffhangers to "drag" the reader along.  Did I just describe The DaVinci Code or Lost Symbol?  That's the point...it's the same damn book tweaked to sell 5 million more copies of the same damn book.  If you didn't have this book figured out by the time the mini-pyramid shows up, you deserve to lose the cash you dumped on this crapfest and on the cash you're no doubt going to dump on the movie, which is the real reason the book was written in the first place.  Ugh.
 I’ve debated about giving this 2 or 3 stars, but decided to give it 3 because the book held my interest. It is not, however, to the standard of the Da Vinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons. It went into interminable details, much of which could have been edited out. Maybe the story’s location of Washington DC was a problem for me too. Our country doesn’t have centuries of secrets and hidden places as was the case in Dan Brown’s other books. Because of this, it forced the reader to suspend belief more than usual. I’d take a pass on this book and read his other books.
 This is a typical Robert Langdon book, which I enjoy, but there was a little too much repetition of history and philosophy in it for me.  I found myself reading the same information in different places in the narrative.  Did Dan Brown forget that he'd said that before?  I also found a good deal of opinion in this book.  Even though I agreed with his take on organized religion and the true motives of many philosophers who were turned into religious leaders after their deaths, I found much of it repetitious and redundant.  I gave it four stars because Mr. Brown's plots are always innovative and entertaining.  He also finds the most interesting wackos on the planet.
 Dan Brown's latest "masterpiece" started out so well. The first 80% of the book was standard Dan Brown fare: mysteries wrapped in enigmas hidden inside secret panels, and all with esoteric meaning, known not to we the readers, but only to the ancients and to Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>I thought the book had a great bad guy, and lots of surprising twists and turns, and one very important twist that blew me away -- that I never saw coming.<br/><br/>So, I suggest that IF you buy the book, you stop reading about page 500 in this 530 page book. (The page numbers are total guesses, since I read the Kindle edition which has no page numbers). But somewhere around page 490-510 things start turning positive in the cat and mouse game. I give the book a 4-star rating to this point, and Brown should have taken another 10 pages to put a finish to the action and the book.<br/><br/>Sadly, shortly thereafter, everybody who is a hero (or heroine) figure starts preaching new-age, noetic science, the-bible-is-code, drivel to each other and to the reader for 20-40 pages, although it seemed more like 100 pages.<br/><br/>However, this section reads very fast, because you can read 3-4 pages of drivel-speak in about 5 seconds as you search for more action scenes. Sadly, there are none.<br/><br/>So, this last section rates a one or two stars, overall worth a weak 3-star rating.<br/><br/>Don't say I didn't warn you.
 First, you have to discount the huge expectations awaiting this book. How do you follow the Da Vinci Code? The answer is you don't, but how close can you come?<br/><br/>Good fiction has to be at least vaguely plausible (even science fiction) and some parts of this book are simply ridiculous. The secret cabals, the close escapes, the all too stereotypical bad guy who is smarter than everyone else around until he suddenly becomes dumber. The characters are little more than paper cutouts pasted in place to give potential to a movie deal and allow the casting to be innovative.<br/><br/>You learn a little about the Masons, not much, and of course the fate of the world is at stake. But the real horror of this book, is that the "symbol" and the secrets are banal and boring. It's easy to guess what's coming at almost any given time, but you keep hoping you're wrong and there's a huge twist awaiting you. Alas, at the end, all I could think of is, "What's the point?"<br/><br/>Da Vinci Code is  a hard act to follow, but you can follow it better than this.
 "The Lost Symbol" is a good sequel to "The Da Vinci Code", a trilogy of fast paced thriller stories led by professor Robert Langdon as the Harvard Symbology Professor. The plot is similar in "The Lost Symbol" as in "Angels &amp; Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" and the well tested formula does work well for Dan Brown in the series as a whole. In "The Lost Symbol" professor Langdon is summoned to give an unexpected evening lecture in US Capitol, but he is greated by a disturbing decorated object &amp;  the gruesome kidnapping of his beloved mentor, Peter Solomon. Professor Robert Langdon is then sprung into a fast paced action to save his mentor, his knowledge of symbols is put to the test,b going through Masonic secrets, hidden history &amp; amazing locations in Washington D.C. The ending is a bit mellow &amp; disappointing : It seems Dan Brown may have consciously avoided controversy like the one in the past (following  success &amp; anger/criticism) by some quotas of "Angels &amp; Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" books &amp; movies! Dan Brown may indeed need to come with a new plot/formula &amp; character in his next novel as he is becoming more predictable.
 I really love Dan Brown, I love Robert Langdon and the whole concept.  This has been my most eagerly awaited book ever and unfortunately it has also been the biggest let down.  Yes, it was basically The Da Vinci Code set in Washington DC, but I was ok with that.  I was ok with it being almost the same plot, basically the same leading lady, same tweed jacket.  What I wasn't ok with was the extra 150 pages of added fluff in the middle of the book and the extra 50 pages at the end.  The story seemingly ends and wraps up and for some reason the main characters continue on like nothing ever happened.  I am being very careful not to give anything away here, but just know, you can basically skip 50% of this book and still get a very good picture of what happened.  Not that I did, I slogged through all 500 pages until I got to the end and then, just like the last Lord of the Rings, it continued and when it did finally end I was left feeling like I got cheated.  He should have ended it on page 450, not 500.  I'm still a fan and I'll still race to buy the next Langdon book.  But I hope he has learned a lesson with The Lost Symbol.  I am not the only one feeling this way.
 I've read the book and had no problem being sucked into the story.  And he has a knack for giving us information through conflict.  The teacher has to win over the students, the mentor has to convince the hero, etc.  He also makes the novel feel important.  For those reason, we should credit Dan Brown - he does a lot of things right.  Obviously - he's selling millions of books.  I will probably read his next one. This one was a good way to break in my Kindle - I knew I'd be able to read it no matter what screen it was on.<br/><br/>But he does a few things wrong.  At times he's so melodramatic, especially the bad guys thoughts. The characters are so black and white. He uses a similar twist (that I saw coming a mile away) that he used in Angels and Demons.  His writing is full of redundancies that need to be cut.  And for the love of God, stop the preaching.  The final 10% of the book is completely unnecessary.  That 50 plus pages of trying to convince Langdon to be a Bible follower because the Bible is written in code - only Langdon doesn't change his mind.  It just ends.<br/><br/>Still, I enjoyed it and at times couldn't stop reading.  It was fun.
 This is not the edition of the book that is in the description. The ISBN number is different and the cover clearly is, also. I think this is a cheaper version of the book than the one I paid for, but I do not feel like sending it back and waiting for a new one. This will have to do, I guess.
 It is really wonderful to read a book where the author has included true facts from history. And, these facts have been woven into the story so well!  I did enjoy reading this book because of that.  It did have a slow beginning but it picks up about half way through the book.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a race to the finish, while readling.
 Dan Brown really needs to try a new direction. His novels are a replayed formula that's growing increasing tired. The DaVinci code was original and thought provoking, but he keeps reapplying the same formula to every subsequent novel. Robert Langdon, check; intelligent female partner, check; singular, super-dangerous antagonist, check; wealthy benefactors, check; race against time in the course of one evening, check. Seriously, thats the plot to DaVinci, Angels &amp; Demons, and now Lost Symbol. The only thing that changes is the city and the nature of the threat. In this case, however, the antagonist is not only singular and super-dangerous like an albino assasin, or a hired assasin, he's a totally shaven, tattooed, weight lifting mystic, but at least he's not an assasin - he just kills people at need.<br/><br/>I did find the historical bits about Washington DC interesting, but otherwise this is just rehashed Dan Brown. It was entertaining, but his novels are beginning to read like Madlibs. Pick a city, pick a threat, pick a womans name, pick an antagonist, and crank out a novel. I've come to expect better from Brown, and he's let me down.
 A quick review of the last 10 books that I've read tells me that this is the worst of the bunch.  Dan Brown sells out in order to keep his publisher happy and maintain their schedule for releasing a new book.  I agree with many of the previous reviewers who point out the obvious, that Dan Brown just copied and pasted from "The DaVinci Code," changed a few names &amp; references, and published this book.<br/><br/>Much of the book was suspenseful and enjoyable to read, but I was surprised to find that there were also some really dull sections of the book that made me want to stop reading altogether.  There are definitely several sections of the book where Dan Brown nearly repeats himself verbatim, particularly when referencing the histories of various religions and civilizations; this is dull to the point that I just started to skim over portions and not even read them.  In addition, the final 10% of the book is an absolute boring waste of time; this was the most difficult portion of the book to read.<br/><br/>I would recommend reading both "Angels &amp; Demons" and "The DaVinci Code," but I would put this book more on par with Dan Brown's "Deception Point;"  in fact, I would rate this book below "Deception Point" because of the dull spots throughout "The Lost Symbol."  What's frustrating is that Dan Brown clearly has the potential to write good books, but he sells himself short with this one.  I fell for the notion that if this is the #1 selling book on Amazon, then it must be good.  My advice is don't make the same mistake that I did because there are many other well-written, enjoyable books out there.
 The difficulty with this book is that of course it can't live up to the expectations that The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons created. And while I tried to put those expectations aside, The Lost Symbol wouldn't let me forget them. While I appreciate the research that goes into his books, Brown is now writing to a very distinct formula: "the ticking time bomb" technique, those who know secrets won't reveal them; the uncertainty of who is good versus who is bad (and at some points in the book, the reader stops caring); the shocking twist that is revealed near the end. If I hadn't read anything else by Brown, I would have enjoyed the book much more--but having read them, I can only say that I feel like I've already read The Lost Symbol, and the two other versions were better (especially since the "shocking twist" is fairly obvious a couple hundred pages earlier).<br/>But it does earn 3 stars in my book, because weak Dan Brown is still better than a lot of the other popular fiction out there. If you're looking for a fun, fast-paced read, I recommend it.
 I only gave Mr. Brown three stars for this novel because ... well because he set his own rating with his masterpiece The DaVinci Code. However, do not let my rating fool you. Compared to other authors of present day mystery/science, Mr Brown writes in his own world. This book is fast paced, full of intriguing thoughts and ideas and serves as a learning tool for those of us who knew little about some of the true intents of our Founding Fathers. I'll tell you what, after reading The Lost Symbol, you better believesI'll be poring through Lynn McTaggert's experiment, Rosicrucian Doctrine and Noetic Science. Keep up the great work Mr Brown!
 Let's be honest - we're not looking for great works of literature when we read Dan Brown novels.  However, we do expect an engaging story with lots of interesting twists and surprises.  I really enjoyed Deception Point and Angels &amp; Demons, and I found the DaVinci Code to be a bit of a letdown (mainly because it seems to be a novelized version of Holy Blood, Holy Grail; there is no question that it was the primary - and possibly only - source for the DaVinci Code.)  This novel reminds me of Angels &amp; Demons; it gets off to a great start and it's very hard to put down.  Unfortunately, Brown's novels are becoming a little too formulaic (you can easily guess "who" Mal'akh is well before its revealed) for my taste.  I hope he does something entirely different with the next one.  The other major negative, as a lot of other reviewers have pointed out, is that the ending is a huge disappointment.  The novel does a terrific job of building up to something truly amazing, and at the end you kind of think, "Oh, that's it?"
 I loved the two previous books and couldn't wait for this one.  I was sorely disappointed.  It is clear that Brown did his research, but he also gets carried away sometimes.  While in the airplane, the main character hears the XYZ engines slow down.  Like he would know, or care, the name of the manufacturer of the plane's engine.  Minor issue but distracting nonetheless.<br/><br/>The book is full of action and is very suspenseful in true Dan Brown fashion.  However, I figured out the identity of the book's villain fairly rapidly.  It was predictable and a common thread in many fictional stories.<br/><br/>He did his usually excellent job of painting a picture for us with words.  I could easily visualize all the buildings and locations he described.  Unfortunately, this was all tossed out the window when the big national security issue threat is revealed.  Had I not been reading this on my Kindle, I would've tossed it in frustration.  It was, frankly,  stupid.  A man this creative couldn't come up with something better?<br/><br/>In my opinion this is a book you can totally skip.  Or at least check it out from the library so you don't want any money on it.
 Much has been said about Dan Brown's failings as a writer, and this book will not help his image there at all. But, he shows he can still put together an interesting novel with fascinating historical tidbits and obscure but all-to-real science.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol succeeds as a sequel to the Da Vinci Code. I still hold that Angels &amp; Demons was his best work involving his protagonist, Robert Langdon. If you enjoyed those works, you'll enjoy this one. But understand that his writing is no better (how many times can you use the word esoteric in a novel), utilizing the same gimmicky short-chapters and obtrusive italics. Brown would benefit from a partnership with a good writer like Douglas Preston- let Brown do the research and outline a plot, then let Preston create the narrative. To put it another way- the best Star Wars movies weren't directed by George Lucas, though he is clearly the genius behind the stories.<br/><br/>Still, for what it is, Brown makes it work. All the components are there- obscure historical facts, a healthy dose of science vs religion, and a bigger-than-life revelation, though one not quite as explosive as the DaVinci Code's. Brown telegraphs his premise very early, and I figured out the big A-HA reveal well before he spelled it out.<br/><br/>To sum up, if you like Dan Brown and stories similar to the Da Vinci Code, you'll like this book well enough.
 Ugh.  what a slog.  Everything you never wanted to know about the Masons.  Fact or fiction, I read for entertainment and not to discover how many nested puzzles Dan Brown can think up.  All I could picture is an ageing Tom Hanks running around Washington DC as I read this one.  Certainly the most disappointing so far, and probably the last Brown novel for me.
 Only just rating a second star Dan Brown has not improved or developed his writing style after five year's gestation on this novel.  His characters remain two dimensional and unbelievable.  Huge amounts of research and opinionated mumbo jumbo.  If he wants to write his thoughts on the Freemasons and Noetics why not try and write a factual book (answer it would not sell 500 copies) rather than pad out what should be a fast moving story with lengthy expositions and to the author clever speculation and explanations.  The reality of course is that there is very little story to pad out.  The impression here is that this has been written not for the inevitable best seller status following the Da Vinci Code but for the film rights.  Unfortunately the poor actors chosen to play the parts will again be left with cardboard characters to interpret and this time even less of a story or historical context.  As an interntionally best selling author this book is also too simply and completely American to appeal. When it comes to mystical systems of thought that have existed since Mediaeval times I am sorry Dan - Washington DC is simply not the centre of the universe.  Slow paced, boring at times, badly edited and could only perhaps have been retrieved a little by cutting by a third.
 I couldn’t even be bothered to finish reading the last two chapters. I was so disappointed with how everything shook out in the end that I could not even be bothered to care what the last 20 pages of this book said. I’ve read the first two Langdon books years ago and enjoyed them. Has my taste changed? Have a become a more cultured reader? I read some pretty stupid things. This was by and far the worst.
 I have been a dedicated reader of books which explore that which lives below the surface.  It started I hate to say with Chariots of the Gods.  With that said I plowed through Lost Symbol and truly was totally absorbed, fascinated, and thoughtfully stimulated on my favorite subjectuntil the end.  Dan Brown has a way of getting into arcana in his books that provide an incredibly good story while explaining something that many of us yearn to know, Why are we here?  Unfortunately when I got to the end it ended in a BUST!  I know from working for the government that many secrets are surpisingly obvious and not that revelatory.  Dan Brown's ending was not revelatory.  It did not hold the secret of such magnitude that it must be held back from the public lest it cause mass turmoil.  Now, noetics that was quite interesting and revelatory but not Dan's ending.  To have such a blah ending to such a gripping ride through the arcane history of the Masons and the history of our nation's capitol was just not a worthy ending.  Elsewise the book was great but alas at the end it felt like eating white bread.  No satisfaction.  No drive to continue to ask What lies under the surface.
 I received this ebook for under $4.00 for my Kindle.  I refuse to pay more than that for an ebook because you can't lend them freely, you can't sell them, trade them, or give them away.  So, $4.00 and below is the perfect price for this entertainment.<br/><br/>I enjoy Dan Brown's books and this one was no exception.  He grabs you at the first page and takes you on a thrilling ride until almost the end.  Like Angels and Deamons, there are several chapters after the end of the story that could be left out entirely.  I would have rated this book with 5 stars if it had ended at the end of the story.<br/><br/>I love his descriptions of places and things and the history surrounding them.  I enjoy his explanation of symbols and secret organizations, keeping firmly in mind that this is fiction.  I bought the illustrated edition and downloaded it onto my laptop Kindle ap so I could see the illistrations in color.  I had several hours of great entertainment for my money.  I'm ready for the next one.
 I read this book and found it to be an easy and quick read. It has some interesting twists and turns, and certainly adds a bit more mystery to Washington DC trips for those visitors looking to follow in Landon's footsteps.<br/><br/>My problem was that after reading this book, I picked up the latest Pat Conroy book, <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/South-of-Broad/dp/038541305X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">South of Broad</a>, and found it almost impossible to read. This means that Dan Brown's book temporarily turned my brain into mush, as I have read many of Conroy's books in the past and found them all to be brilliant. It's kind of like eating fine French cuisine after over-indulging in some tasty McDonalds treats -- your body is just not ready for the step up.  I can't blame Dan Brown for being tasty and a guilty pleasure, but in this case I came away a little bit lesser than I was before and the satisfaction was somewhat abated.<br/><br/>I would still recommend this book if you really thought the DaVinci Code was a good read, and I encourage you to look elsewhere if you are looking for a great read.
 If you can read without moving your lips you will be able to call every plot twist and turn in Dan Brown's predictable, overwrought, dreadful continuation of the Robert Langdon saga.  In fact I almost cheered when Robert Langdon "died", but alas, we are not that fortunate.<br/><br/>A 500+ page marketing pamphlet for Freemasonry?  A derivative mish-mash of other novels?  The last gasp of a tired writer with a tired character?<br/><br/>The conceit of cramming everything into a narrow 10-hour timeframe seemed more contrived this time around.  The problem with a series is that often, by the fifth or sixth novel, the author has had his say.  There is nothing more that can be said about the main character.  Brown has managed to reach this plateau in three books.<br/><br/>The only redeeming feature is that I bought the book on Kindle.  No tree died in the writing of this review.
 What a great book story... Love this book! I listen to this book while I am working in workshop, walking, going to sleep, driving, cleaning house etc lol. Was flabbergasted to hear what happened to Robert. I am on 2nd time through this book, and am still enjoying it.
 Somehow I felt that the Robert Langdon scenario got a bit long in the tooth here. The story was a bit too predictable and formulaic for my taste, dwelling on the same themes, plotting devices and character templates as "Angels &amp; Demons" and "The DaVinci Code," and as a result offering very little new for the reader. In addition things fall into place a little too conveniently at times and the fact that Langdon simply accepts the CIA's dictate without every questioning or barking back at Sato is a little hard to swallow. The fritction between these characters would really have needed a few "Who the Hell do you think you are?" and "Bite me!" moments to be convincing. The heavy religious tones in the Langdon stories are also getting a bit old and most importantly, this book suffers seriously from Dan Brown's moralistic finger throughout and slightly heavy-handed dissertation of the Ancient Mysteries, particularly in the end of the book at a time when the story should have been over.<br/><br/>It is not a bad book by any stretch, but somehow I expected a little more, I'm afraid.
 So great were the media inspired expectations for this novel that anything Dan Brown produced without direct divine intervention could not have met them.  Nevertheless, his latest work disappoints at an unprecedented level.<br/><br/>Certainly, there is enough puerile symbology, pseudo reasoning, action and plot twists to keep the reader occupied, though some genuinely extraneous and tedious passages dramatically slow the pace.  (Perhaps the publisher based the price of the book on weight.)  But readers offended by the indefinite conclusion of "The Da Vinci Code" will be even more incensed by the ending here.  Not wanting to reveal too much to those still motivated to read the book, I will say only that this symbol driven chase yields nothing beyond a tiresome and ridiculously unsatisfying dénouement.<br/><br/>Dan Brown and his publishers have clearly discovered another important symbol - the sign of the almighty dollar.
 If you are a Dan Brown fan, you know how intriguing and reviting his novels always are.  And The Lost Symbol is no exception.  Learning about all the famous world lankmarks are part of the fun.  I'm usually on the internet looking up each location and studying the art and architecture.
 I guess sometimes a writer only has one or two good books in him.  Sadly, this seems to be the case with Dan Brown.  His protagonist is a narrow minded know it all who, after being proven wrong hundreds of times in three books, still believes he knows everything.  I suspect Mr. Langdon is a reflection of Mr. Brown.  None of his "shocking" revelations were shocking; any avid readers of mysteries will figure it out in the first one hundred pages (which could have been nicely completed in fifty pages).<br/><br/>But mostly I was annoyed by his incessant use of cliched phrases; I'm a pretty old guy, and my world has never spun out of control, I've never had a blinding flash of clarity, and, oh well, you get the idea.<br/><br/>I confess I only scanned the last fifty or sixty pages, reading the first and last sentence on each page, and that was more than enough.  It has been a wile since I was so disappointed by a book, or so glad to be done with it.
 While not my favorite book of Dan Brown's Robert Langdon series, it was worth the time to read and enjoy! When Langdon’s beloved mentor, Peter Solomon - a prominent Mason and philanthropist—is brutally kidnapped, Langdon realizes his only hope of saving Peter is to accept this mystical invitation and follow wherever it leads him. Langdon is instantly plunged into a clandestine world of Masonic secrets, hidden history, and never-before-seen locations—all of which seem to be dragging him toward a single, inconceivable truth. The twists are never ending, and the story is engaging, but the climax fails to deliver on any momentum. If you've read Dan Brown before then you know what you are getting into, for those who have yet to dabble in his work I suggest starting with Angels &amp; Demons or The Da Vinci Code.
 Dan Brown always writes amazing stories which have lots of facts and thrilling history that I know involved tons of research! How does he do it? His passion of messages hidden in religious records makes for a powerful story and the reader is not disappointed. His stories explain what symbology is as he entwines it throughout his story. Can't wait to read his next novel! I would recommend this story to everyone.
 I bought this book because a friend suggested it as great prep material for an upcoming family vacation to Washington DC this summer.  For that purpose, it was outstanding.  It will provide a great frame of reference for when I am gazing up at the interior of the US Capitol dome in June.  As a story, well, I've read it before in The Da Vinci Code.  Brown is formulaic.  A lot of literary critics and novelists (who can't get published) like to look down their noses at him but his books sell because they are entertaining.  I was entertained reading it.  It was a little bit like when I am entertained by flipping through the channels and finding an episode of Seinfeld I have enjoyed before.  There are times and moods where that Seinfeld hits the spot and then there are times when I go looking for Citizen Kane.  The Lost Symbol just gave me that Seinfeld fix and now I am off to find my next Citizen Kane novel.  Any suggestions?
 While Dan Brown's works usually require you to actively suspend your disbelief, his past works have done so in a way that do not strain the reader too much. Unfortunately, I cannot say that about this book.<br/><br/>The symbology that Brown uses in this story is top-notch. He depicts features of the U.S. Capitol building that very few probably ever think about. Professor Langdon's teaching scenes are entertaining (and I'd probably enjoy a class like Langdon's). Brown uses this mythology well and crafts an intriguing page turner (at times).<br/><br/>The villain is a bit of a disappointment. The motivations are never clear until near the climax of the story, and the villain's role seems weaker without the shadowy "controller" that worked behind the scenes in The DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>The entire "noetic science" meme is a weak plot device. Brown risks turning the story into a spoof of his own works. Brown could have used the meme of greed in capitalism to achieve the same plot movement without the strain on credulity. The same goes for the "resurrection" of one of the characters (no spoilers from me).<br/><br/>I'm glad I ordered the Kindle version of this book. For ten bucks, I feel like I got my money's worth. Had I paid for the print version (discounted or full price), I would have felt like I did not get my money's worth.
 Here are my two reasons for reading Dan Brown's  "The Lost Symbol":<br/>1) I really enjoyed "The Da Vinci Code"<br/>2) The many negative reviews at Amazon.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book very much. After reading the book, my attitude is in stark contrast to those who wrote the negative reviews. Here is how I analyse a novel: Does it allow me to escape into the world it has created, allowing me to exit my reality. Also, when interrupted while reading, does it beckon me to continue reading and postpone the routine, mundane tasks, work, errands, etc. that  I "should" be doing. This book did the trick. I enjoyed it very much, staying up late on a work night to complete it!<br/><br/>Dr. Stanley E. Toompas, Optometrist<br/>&amp; Author of "I'm the One the Other Isn't"
 I'm probably being overly generous giving this book three stars, but it did hold my attention and taught me a few things, and any book that can do that is not completely devoid of merit.  That said, this is easily Dan Brown's weakest effort (and yes, I'm including Deception Point and Digital Fortress here).  There are a number of problems.  First and foremost, the 'mystery' just isn't that interesting.  Nor are the clues that are gradually discovered and unlocked.  The Masons may make for an informative Wikipedia entry, but as a plot device, they just don't deliver.  I found all the intrigue and history and secrets rather ho-hum.  Brown hits on far more exciting stuff in his earlier Robert Langdon novels.  And speaking of R.L, the good professor is a problem here, too.  He is by turns a genius and an imbecile, whatever works to advance or detour the plot.  He suddenly remembers a lot of important details -- there are way too many Eureka moments that seem disingenuous.  Oh, and the villian -- aka problem number three.  Is his backstory -- unveiled at the end but seriously predictable right from the start -- really supposed to be a twist?  My dog could have figured that one out.  And she's been dead for 12 years.  I've got one last gripe, too.  While I don't think Brown's writing is as awful as others contend (it's not poetry, to be sure, but it (usually) doesn't make one cringe), he does have one annoying habit that ruins what could have been a few interesting twists.  As they say in poker, he has tells.  When a character is lying, or pretending to be someone else on the phone -- or when an event that is assumed to have happened in fact did not -- Brown words the action, or dialogue, in a way that raises red flags.  It's as if he wants to hint that something is not what it seems here, but isn't able to hint subtly enough.  There is no doubt that this book as a whole is a phoned-in effort.  But it's not the disaster some claim, and perhaps now that Brown has put DaVinci Code and the follow-up behind him, he can move on and create something that doesn't try quite so hard -- and delivers more.  That's something I'd look forward to reading.
 This book grabbed me from page 1 and I read the entire book on a flight to Hong Kong.  The Noetic Sciences and Freemason incorporation into the plot were fascinating and led me to further reading on Noetic Sciences. I am not sure why all the poor reviews of this book. It was far better than Angels and Demons and much more believable in terms of plot and characters. The book was very long but pacing was excellent and the characters were not doing anything superhuman like parachuting out of an exploding helicopter as in Angels and Demons. This book was as good as Digital Fortress which was also and excellently paced book.<br/>The research into the Bible and Noetic sciences was fascinating. I liked the way it was all tied together over a few chapters at the end of the book and not just all explained and wrapped up in one chapter as many thrillers do. It showed the care that Mr. Brown took with the subject research, by fleshing it out over a few chapters so the reader could sit back and relax after the excitement of the previous chapters as the action came to a climax. It would have been unfair to the underlying subject material to just end it after the main action and the villain is revealed. I liked seeing Robert Langdon out of his depth a bit and be surprised by something he did not know.<br/>I hope he will revisit some of these themes and characters in later books, it would be a shame to go this deep into such rich fertile soil and then just abandon it as just another day in Robert Langdon's life. I would hope some of the revelations would change the character in some small way or what is the point of this long unwinding novel if it is just a forgotten adventure in his past.<br/>Overall it is an engaging read and I would recommend it to everyone. I hope it will eventually be a film in the Robert Langdon canon but I am not sure it had the acclaim of<br/>his previous adventures to get this off the ground. I enjoyed all of Dan Brown's books and I look forward to Inferno. I just wanted to state how much I appreciated and enjoyed this novel. It made a 17 hour flight go by much faster as I tuned these pages and got lost in this great story and actually learned more about some interesting topics that I think everyone would benefit from researching further. From my further reading I can see that Noetic Science is attempting to give humanity a bright future by exploring the potential we all have to be greater that we think we can be. As the Beatles said in Yellow Submarine. "Its all in the mind "......Enjoy....
 The first third of this book was engaging, well written and exciting.  The second part was necessary, but only okay in writing and clarity.  The last third was not only totally unnecessary, but rather confusingly constructed.  Too bad there wasn't an editor willing to say when enough was clearly enough.
 I was really into the drama and the suspense, until I just couldn't take them finally finding the last piece to the puzzle only to discover, that they need to run to some other obscure, random monument in D.C. that would certainly have the mysterious missing piece.  And of course it wouldn't.  It just became a tedious exercise in frustration and boredom.  I almost felt like skipping a few pages when Brown made mention of them finding some new direction to go in, since I knew it would be wrong and I might as well just save myself the time.<br/><br/>Instead of skipping ahead, I just stopped reading.  I can't say that it's so predictable that I know how the book ends, but I just got so put-off by being toyed with that I don't particularly care if Langdon and "generic female assistant" are killed by "bad guy from random 'secret society A'", or if they unlock "hidden secret that 'secret society B' doesn't want exposed to the world".  I hope everything works out for everyone, which I'm sure it will.  Except for the bad guy, who will either die or go to prison due to some plot twist that Langdon unleashes at the end, when everything is about as clear as mud.<br/><br/>It's not a "bad" book, or at least it doesn't start out that way.  At the end it gets really tedious and boring and I feel like Brown was sitting at his desk thinking "I wonder how long I can keep these people caring about this."<br/><br/>I imagine cracking these codes is tedious and involved and frustrating in real life, but I think he went a little too far in the step-by-step instructions and drama at each turn.
 The information on the Masons is fascinating and the plot is good. However, Brown spends too much time on needless details. I found the ending to be disappointing even though the disclosure of the true identity of the evil man is completely unexpected. More should have been written on the father’s and siste’s  reactions on this discovery instead of writing pages of dialogue between Langdon and these two people trying to convince him on their point of view.
 I just couldn't wait for the library and what a mistake. I've read worse thrillers but none that seem to promise a tremendous surprise at the end, something earth shattering, and life changing, with ultimately a big nothing as a "pay off."  It held my attention and interest in spite of one let down after another.  I was a bit distracted at times by all the instances of "borrowing" from everything under the sun, including the movie "The Abyss", History Channel documentaries, and just plain stereotypical characters.  In the end, the "BIG SECRET" was pretty empty and laughable.  All that said, it is interesting at times and won't be controversial like The Da Vinci Code.  I'm just sorry I spent hard earned money on what is ultimately a mediocre thriller with little new to offer.  At least the ending wasn't as ridiculous as Angels and Demons.  Langdon doesn't use his tweed jacket for a parachute!
 I read through the book hoping that at some point, the story stops being annoying...unfortunately it did not...it just evolved to being extremely tacky at the end. In addition to that, if you read this book be prepared for the bad writing, boring storyline and characters who are supposed to be educated and brilliant, yet behave like morons. This book is a waste of my time.
 If this author can become a best seller by putting out this dribble, there is hope for all Creative Writing students.<br/><br/>It really doesn't matter what my opinion is, because the book is the number one best seller. It just goes to show you that you shouldn't be influenced by the spot on the best seller list as you search for the next book to purchase.<br/><br/>The author is a master at accumulating more trivia than you could ever hope to digest and creating a story line around as an accompaniment.<br/><br/>The plot has more holes than Swiss cheese and the book runs much too long. Maybe the publisher pays by the pound. It's a shame though to cut down more trees as a result of Mr. Brown's prattling on.<br/><br/>Oh well, you've been warned. The rest is up to you. Remember though, if you encourage him by buying the book, more innocent trees will be unnecessarily sacrificed..
 Honestly, meh. I think it's not a great sign that a third of the way through the book I was actively hoping for the death of two of the characters so that I wouldn't have to read about them anymore. While the adventures of Robert Langdon used to be real page-turners, this one was far from engaging. Maybe because it was just the same formula- over the top villian, check; Robert Langdon is the only one who can save the world, check; the officials are sort of on board but no one trusts each other, check; there's a strong, smart &amp; mildly to very annoying woman helping Robert, check; older mentor in the picture, check. Read it before, only it was more interesting the first two times.<br/><br/>I will say I read the Kindle version, on a K1 &amp; the images were fine.  The only one that was difficult to see was a floor plan &amp; in no way did it detract from the story.  Formatting was just fine.
 I stopped reading this book after 50 pages.  It is so boringly formulaic and the writing is so poor that I could not continue.<br/><br/>The book is full of nonsense platitudes like "and he knew that he alone had the secret that would make him incalculably powerful"  or junk like "he rushed into the Atrium, maneuvering his six-foot-three body with agility, glancing back just once to catch a glimpse of yadda yadda" or "he knew that all his preparation would soon pay off in a way that no one in the world could have predicted or would ever know"<br/><br/>It's full of people running.  Chases.  Chapters ending with sentences like "all would soon become clear"  and "he knew that his next step would determine whether he lived or died"<br/><br/>It's cotton candy reading.  Ernest Hemingway this isn't.  It's as if Bart Simpson wrote a novel.  It's Dante's Inferno without Dante or the Inferno, just leaving me in hell.
 I have read all four Robert Langdon mysteries and this is the one I like the least. As rounding out the series it is still worth reading. The main body of the book is very exciting, but after the final revelation about the antagonist there is still a lot of book left which goes nowhere. I think the book should have ended at the finale of the action and note continued in a slow-paced philosophical vein.
 Another great adventure with Professor Robert Langdon!  Dan Brown throws Robert and his protagonists into one pit of snakes after another and the action doesn't stop or give you a chance to breathe.  I'm hooked on Mr. Brown's brand of suspenseful adventure and his intriguing subjects.  The villain is a worthy antagonist, diabolical, driven, and vengeful.  I learn a lot from reading his books.  In this tale, I learned things about our country's capitol that I never knew, rather clandestine information, but more general as well.  After reading about the capitol, I want to visit and see for myself, although I checked a fair number of subjects presented in the book on the Internet.  The only thing I'd add to his book is a map of Washington, D.C.
 No matter the place, Mr Brown describes the artistic and architectural treasures of some of the most famous cities on earth is a way not often experienced or even obvious to a tourist. The same is as true of Washington, DC as with Rome, Florence, the Vatican, etc. As with other of his books, as I wondered how I missed the detail of a treasure being described, Mr Brown jolted me back to the plot in the most unexpected ways. The rocking and rolling kept my interest peaked throughout and made the "Lost Symbol" truly enjoyable.
 I am a mason, in fact a 32 degree mason, and I found your book very enjoyable, architecturally a lot to think about. I feel you brought masonry out of the darkness and showed that we are not trying to rule the world ,  it rather making it a better place .<br/>Thank you.<br/><br/>Wm. Wieger
 Another great read from the brilliant mind of Dan Brown. Using Langdon, Brown has guided us through another exciting journey which prompts the mind to question the "religous truths".  I couldn't put it down.
 I loved the DaVinci Code, and loved Angels and Demons, but The Lost Symbol was a sleeper. Pages and pages and pages of details, details, and more details....made for a long process getting through this book.<br/><br/>I started in January, got about a third of the way through it and put it down. Made up my mind I was going to finish it. Picked it back up on June 3rd and finished it in the wee hours of June 5th.<br/><br/>I thought I was going to die!!!! Langdon dies and comes back to life. Please.....that's not even close to being believable. Just when you think the story is ending, you look to find you have almost a quarter of the book left to read.<br/><br/>That last quarter-ish droaned on for what seemed like forever, and came across sounding very preachy. However, one must read it themselves and make their own decision.
 I'm actually surprised that there are a lot of readers who do not find Dan Brown's writing style appealing. I thought this book was interesting and very visual. I think all the small details enhance the reading experience to a point where you feel like you are there on the scene with the characters. I love Dan Brown's books..They may have the same vibe and similar story but they are interesting nonetheless.
 Dan brown’s books always teach me so much about various historical events and trivia that I never knew. I want to highlight every point of reference he talks about and go find them. Also the description of God and man has me a little freaked out...raised Catholic, my Mom would not be happy
 it was an interesting story, and I enjoyed the clever use of the known and famous symbols and locations in Washington DC. I thought the end was a little dry, and I thought the final conclusions were a bit of a stretch.<br/><br/>So, I enjoyed “the hunt” using all the symbols and locations, but was a little disappointed in the final conclusion.
 The illustrated edition was really well done.  The pictures where in exactly the right place and complemented the story nicely.  I think it was really worth it getting the illustrated edition vs the regular edition.<br/>The book also inspired me to visit the different sites in DC to take a look at the art and architecture in real life.<br/>However, I did get tired of Robert being such as skeptic, he just kept refusing to believe and it got a little old.<br/>Also, the ending had a nice twist, which I didn't see coming until shortly before it was reviled.  But the overall ending was a little disappointing.  The big secret was not what I expected.<br/>Overall, a good read.
 Ok it's not as good in my opinion as "Inferno" which I just read but I used to live in the DC area so I enjoyed the inside tour of the historic buildings. I had toured the Masonic Temple in Alexandria. Some say they do not like the detailed description of the characters travels etc but I do think it puts me more into the story.  Fast paced but a little longer than needed be.  I just chuckle when  Mr Brown has Langdon time after time starting to tense up every time he sees a small space he has to go into.  Still a good thriller for those readers that enjoy Mr Brown's writing style. Perfect for a long international flight.
 It's a page turner, but only because the writing style creates constant suspense, not because it's actually good.  In fact the story itself was so disappointing that I was actually angry I wasted time reading it.  It continuously alluded to great secrets, mysteries, power, etc that kept you going to see what it was all about.  In the end, after all the mysteries, angst, puzzles, and layers and layers of protection, what was actually being guarded / hidden is something so ordinary and commonplace, it's ridiculous.<br/><br/>So while the book was somewhat fun while reading it, the ending is just so terrible that it eclipses everything good that was in the middle.  I guess it didn't matter, as Dan Brown could have written any garbage and it'd have sold millions of copies.<br/><br/>It was interesting to read about Washington DC though, as far as the architecture and history goes... certainly that has moved the place up my list of places to visit.
 This was a fascinating and intriguing read. I thoroughly enjoyed this novel from beginning to end.<br/><br/>The authors blending, of religion, symbolism, Freemasons, and the US Govt. into a story line provided me with salivating drama chapter after chapter, with incredible surprises.<br/><br/>This is my first Dan Brown book after seeing the two commercial movies. Of course, books are better but the details he used  to explained the issues of religion, Freemason, and the characters perceptions helps with uderstanding each of the characters.The short chapters' made for an incredible quick reading experience.<br/><br/>I am definitely a Dan Brown fan.
 I found this book took some time the get rolling, but when it did it started shaping up like a good adventure. But the quest for the symbol was overly drawn out. I kept thinking, stop yammering and get on with it. I felt much was promised and it should end with a bang, but it concluded with a whimper and a major disappointment for me. I feel this is the weakest of all of Dan Brown’s book to date.
 If you've read The Da Vinci Code, well... The Lost Symbol is just a superficial rehash of that story. The setting changes from Paris and Rome to Washington, but we have the same pedestrian over-dramatic writing ("his blue eyes flashed"), sloppy editing, overuse of italics, a super-villain with inhuman strength and apparently unlimited resources plus an uncanny ability to outwit everyone around him, sinister plots in high places, Masonry at the wheels of power in every institution, etc. It was all somewhat interesting and amusing the first time around, but now it's just predictable and boring and a little sad. If you have a Kindle, download the sample chapter first, and I doubt that you'll want to actually buy the book by the time you finish that. If you don't have a Kindle, wait a few months and buy it on the remainder tables.
 I loved Da Vinci Code so of course I had to read Angels and Demons.  I knew it was an earlier book so I didn't expect it would be as good... and it wasn't - but it was still readable.  Finally Dan Brown has released a new book.  I was so looking forward to "Lost Symbol".  By now Brown should be hitting his stride and Symbol should have been his masterpiece.<br/><br/>Wow.<br/><br/>Total dreck.  A mumbo-jumbo of B movie plot, pseudo-science and quasi-religion.  If you took a few new age hippie manuals and a few pages from the bible and tossed them into a blender I'm sure it would be a more engrossing read.<br/><br/>Dan - based on Da Vinci Code I let you sucker me into reading Deception Point and Digital Fortress.  I struggled through Angels and Demons.  But never again.  You are a one hit wonder.  I'm done with you!
 Dan Brown has become one of the authors on whom I can count to tell a well constructed story with engaging characters and almost tactile suspense.  We also have a favorite character, Robert Langdon, in yet another nail biting adventure.  It is a testament to Mr Brown's skill as a writer that not only do we care about what happens to Langdon, the character stays true and is fully believable.  The addition of the pictures and illustrations added a new dimension to this work and enhanced my overall enjoyment.  I intend to get the illustrated Inferno also.
 I had been looking forward to the release of this book for a long time and had high expectations.  That was my first problem.  My second was paying full price for this.  I kept waiting for it to get better all the way through to the last page.  By the end of the book I felt that I had been sitting in on a lecture that went on for too long.  This story line had real potential but just never got off the ground.  No real suspense, too much time describing location and movement and then no pay off at the end.  I'm still not certain what the real story was here and actually kind of resent coming away feeling as though I have been made to pay for a religious indoctrination I was not interested in hearing.  I hope he gets his mojo back because this book certainly doesn't display any of his earlier talent.  Seriously disappointing.
 I love Dan Brown's writing and this book is no exception to that. This makes a great addition to his already amazing series. The book will keep you on the edge of your seat and you won't want to stop reading until you've finished the book... and then you still won't want to stop. I highly recommend this book to anyone who has read books by Dan Brown before and also if you can read them in order. It helps with the background of the characters. Definitely buy this book!
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a><br/><br/>Dan Brown has very little idea of Self, Mind, Ego and Consciousness as explained in the Vedas. Mental power being material is only as good as physical power, if a comparison could be made. Spiritual strength arising from understanding and realizing one's own Self is what is called the Secret Science by Krsna is Bhagavad Gita (Chapter 7). Mere thoughts, and the mind which is built of these thoughts, are just impediments. Misplaced ego and intellect further contributes to binding one in darkness.<br/><br/>That apart, Dan Brown drags in Noetic Science to state that the Spirit Soul, encased by physical body, has weight. Spirit is not matter and hence has no weight. Brown could have referred to NDEs (Near Death Experiences) which has a more acceptable basis in science.<br/><br/>The villain, curiously named Mal'ak (angel in Hebrew), was a former drug addict with no initiation whatsoever into the world of the Left Path. He has no master, no guide and no book. He has a lot of Internet material for guidance. Mal'aks and fallen Mal'aks are realized souls, Grand Masters, not de-natured body builders clothed with tattoos. In normal case he will not be acceptable even in the Hell.<br/><br/>Free Masons, as any other similar sect of spiritualists, try to break free for the written word of the scriptures. Masons use rich symbolism. Vedic Masters use aphorisms and ecstatic love expressed by elevated songs and dances. Others use various other constructs. They don't try to decipher the secrets of the scriptures and reach heaven-ward.  On the contrary, they aim to transcend the written word and reach inward. For it is often said "Your friend can help point your attention towards the full moon, framed by branches of a tree. Seeing has to be done by you and only you".<br/><br/>I hope Dan Brown will attempt to "see" before he writes his next book.
 This book was not as enthralling and wonderful as my favorite Brown, The da Vinci Code.  I am a strict, staunch Catholic, but I loved the book as a piece of fiction.  I remember reading it a few years ago on our boat, and being called to have dinner with others.  I could hardly wait to escape to get back to the story!  This volume took me 3 months to read.  Granted, I was working daily (read da Vinci during summer, off work), but it didn't hold my interest as did his other books.  I have read all his books, and enjoyed all of them a LOT (I want to see the movie Angels and Demons, but I want to re-read the book first; always find the book much better than the screen version).  I liked this book the least of all his other titles.  I will still buy his next title, but this was my least liked of all his other books.  Sorry, Dan!
 Like most negative commentors here I came to this book as a fan of Mr. Brown. I've read all of his novels. In fact, reading his work is one of my guilty pleasures. Therefore it is with some sadness that I must agree with those who also found this book to be a major disappointment.<br/><br/>Many have been critical of Mr. Brown's narrative style.  Sure, I get their points; but that complaint does not account for why I have rated TLS so low. I can live with stylistic shortcomings, but only if the author manages to keep me intrigued.<br/><br/>No, my problem lies with the the "mystery" that forms the premise of the book. The most conspiracy-linked organization in the world, Freemasonry, turns out to be the grand protector of American mores and "The Ancient Mysteries." The CIA, the second-most conspiracy-linked organization in the world, acting out of sterling motivations, turns out to be freemasonry's ally. And that was the best Dan Brown could do with the raw material. ZZZZZZ. And this is the same author who turned Opus Dei into a muderous organization of vengeful thugs.<br/><br/>The revelations along the way are equally pedestrian: And what if the general public found out that many of America's Presidents, Congressmen, and Supreme Court Justices were freemasons! Panic would ensue ...  NOT! Did you know that the Smithsonian has a statue of a half-naked Washington, modeled after Zeus Olympios! Holy erect nipples! And what about the pyramids, and stuff like Rosicrucians, and 2012! Eh ... never mind. It's all patched together so loosely it amounts to nothing.<br/><br/>I just wish I were exaggerating. The MOST interesting parts of the book were the magic squares. Mr. Brown's devoted interest in cryptology pays off by providing some much needed wonder to offset the dull tale of nothing much at all.
 Does it live up to all the hype? Well, yes and no. The DaVinci Code was a best seller because, fact or fiction, readers liked all the secrets and revelations contained in the plot. Naturally, if Dan Brown wanted to replicate his original success, it was necessary for The Lost Symbol to use the same formula.<br/><br/>This time, instead of focusing on the Catholic Church and Mary Magdalene, Brown chose to direct his energies towards the Freemasons, a veritable treasure trove of symbolism, myth and conspiracy theories.<br/><br/>Any-hoo, if you liked The DaVinci Code, you may enjoy this read as well. But beware that much of the novelty of protagonist Robert Langdon's revelations have worn off. Instead of riveting you to the page, this time around you may feel a bit tired of the lecturing Harvard professor.
 Definitely not as good as the Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons, or Inferno. It's by no means a boring read, however the twists and turns are far less than his other books and you can tell the location they are going to end up pretty much from the outset. The stakes aren't as high compared to Angels and Demons. If you really like Dan Brown's book this will suffice otherwise choose a better thriller.
 Dan Brown's latest would've gotten more stars had he cut out about 150 pages or so.  I expected this to have the same "formula" as "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons", and indeed it does.  The usual copious references to all the research Brown has done is again evident throughout the book.  If the reader is not a fan of Brown's dismissal of Christianity, then this is not the book for him/her!  However, from the standpoint of fiction/entertainment, it was a pretty good holiday read. It goes pretty quickly, as you'll find yourself skimming quickly through some of the chapters since a lot of the storyline is somewhat predictable in many places. In hindsight, I probably would've borrowed it from someone to read through it instead of the paying $10 to get on the Kindle...or just wait for the DVD of the movie to come out...
 This was another good Robert Langdon story.  It contains many of the same elements as the previous two stories -- intelligent damsels; hulking, powerful, clever villains; Langdon's classic skeptic-to-believer mentality; and, as always, a deeper message that forces you to reconsider what you thought you knew.  It gets three stars, however, for the same reasons.  It's very similar - template wise - to the previous two books.  Regardless...it's a good read and worth investing in.  On to the final chapter.
 A perspective on our beliefs about God and our lives that is hopeful and intriguing. I have little information about the Masonic Order and I assume their purpose of seeking knowledge as detailed in this book is true.
 The book is very detailed and informative about the Masonic Group, nevertheless in the last half of the book it turns to be excessively detailed, thus  the main secret to be unveiled takes a second importance, it begins to be too  tiring to read.  I would have preferred to have more of Langdom's feelings in his relationship to the woman character Katherine...
 What a let-down! I have been waiting for Dan Brown's latest book, for I so enjoyed "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code." But, if this is what he has been doing the last four years, he needs to do some more work.  Of course, "The Da Vinci Code" is a hard thriller to beat, but this work doesn't even come close to the fun, the suspense of "The Da Vinci Code." The Masons? Yawn. And, another weird religious guy, another intelligent woman helping Dan out, another mentor who is in trouble, and need I go on? The book is a weak copycat of the previous novel. While I agree with the book's message, we have sparks of divinity in each of us, that is nothing new.  Yes, I also believe that the founding fathers would be shocked at the rise of religious extremism in this country, but couldn't Dan have written a better book to showcase that theme? I wish he had.
 I have been an avid fan of Dan Brown's novels, but can not give a good recommendation to this one. While it starts out as another page-turner following his now well-established formula, it loses steam about thre quarters of the way into the book. At this point, the climax of the story is reached (not a very exciting one) and the rest of the plot seems to exist just to explain the many loose-ends that were developed earlier, but not fully integrated into the story-line. It feels as if the author suddenly rushed to meet a deadline before he was truly finished thinking the plot through.<br/><br/>To be fair, I immensely enjoyed most of this book and got a kick out of staying up late to finish it. It has all of the excitement and cliff-hanging qualities of his previous novels. It just peters out in the end.
 I bought this latest Dan Brown book for my Kindle, planning on saving it to read on an upcoming trip.  Well I made it a whole two weeks before I brought down and started reading the book.  And once I started I couldn't put it down.  The detail and storyline sucked me right in.  I know that many of his books get plenty of attention and the entire plot and details are broken down and examined by professional to determine the "truth", and I have one thing to say about that.....it's FICTION, with enough truth thrown in to make it believable.  Why do you think he is such a popular author....it's because you want to believe the story he is telling.  Just sit back and enjoy the ride.  And what a ride this story was.  Buy it and share with your friends!
 A page turner with suspense, symbols and great characters. But I'm surprised, and disappointed, that Brown and the editors would have multiple points of view in the same scene, change of scene on the next line and punctuation errors. I often had to read a page again to understand what was happening and who was talking. Yet, nice use of cliffhangers at the end of chapters!
 It was touted by so many to be Dan Brown's best novel ever.<br/><br/>While very good, with the intrique, twists and turns of every Dan Brown<br/>novel, I did not find it to be the best ever of Mr. Brown's mystery novels.<br/><br/>Of the several Dan Brown novels I have read, "Angels And Demons" ranks as<br/>the best, followed by "The Da Vinci Code".<br/><br/>Still, I would recommend "Lost Symbol" for all who savor mystery novels written<br/>in the compelling, intriquing style of authors like Dan Brown and my all time<br/>favorite author of mystery novels, Eric Ambler, who also had many of his novels made into movies.<br/><br/>One test of a spell binding, intriquing mystery novel?<br/>One finds it very difficult to put the book down at the end of a chapter.<br/>"Lost Symbol" passes this test.<br/><br/>Norm
 I have to agree with the other reviewers here.  The book was overall an OK read, but nothing truly grabbing your attention to the book that you have to sit and read it.<br/><br/>I anxiously got the book, and read as much as time would allow.  Getting into it, I figured out one main piece of the book very early on.  Not going to reveal any details, but I don't think I am smarter than anybody else here.  It was a fairly blatant.<br/><br/>In reality, this book could be under the Political Thriller category, but it is not thrilling, to be honest.<br/><br/>The conclusion was...uninspired, to me.  A long explanation that really is not earth shattering, and in reality, a bit of a downer.<br/><br/>I waited for this?  Boy, my life is truly exciting.
 I love Dan Brown. I have read everything he has written, and the easy way his stories flow and make you want to keep reading is probably why I enjoy them so much. The only reason I give The Lost Symbol 3 stars instead of 5 is the ending. I won't spoil anything, but I was disappointed in how Dan Brown decided to end this story. I was expecting some bigger-than-life, supernatural, awe-inspiring finish to the nail biting twisting tale, and maybe my expectations were too high but i felt let down the the obviously pandering ending. This let down did/will not keep me from reading anything else he writes however because they are just so much fun, but this one really dropped the ball for me right there at the end.
 This is a large book. It never once felt so. Over 600 pages &amp; I burned through them faster than books a third its size. There were times when a hundred pages plus flew by &amp; I literally couldn't put it down. So don't let size daunt you. It's classic Brown, the standard Langdon format, and in as much delivers a fast paced, suspenseful adventure tale with good character development &amp; setting. More so it poses some very interesting thoughts on philosophy &amp; does so using our nation's Capitol as a setting. It's very refreshing to see our own Capitol city for once be the exotic, exciting setting. This works into Brown's theme here. About enlightenment, promise, a collection of people &amp; minds who look to create great change; it's easy to forget that thus is what the New World represented &amp; achieved. Some may find it a flaw that I saw &amp; expected what were two of the major plot "reveals" but I don't. A keen eye for Brown's use of foreshadowing produced it &amp; by using that technique, I believe he expected the aware reader, the reader with the open mind who is sharing the plane of thought presented in the book (metaphor, transformation, seeking the meaning in symbols) to do so &amp; be entertained waiting for the hero to "catch up"; and also to be rewarded for their openness to enlightenment.
 I like the secret codes, puzzles, suspense and adventure but I do not like the way they plant the seed of doubt regarding the deity of Christ and our Heavenly Father the LORD and One True God.
 This book was OK.  Not as good as Da Vinci Code or Angles And Demons; it falls short of each of those in so many ways.  Funny thing is, that in each of these Robert Langdon stories, everyone always running?  Doesn't anyone ever stop to have a cup of coffee or maybe a beer?  Seriously, in each of these books Brown seems to (at least to me) keep using the same formula and plot ideas (chasing/running/no time) to the point I find it predictable and no longer fun to read.  I will be cautious reading Robert Langdon #4 you can be sure.  I wanted to really like this book but found it hard to get to the end.  I would say of Brown's five novels, this is the weakest of all.
 There's no simpler way to put this - The Lost Symbol is a book that should be literally lost for all time.  The Da Vinci Code (DVC), and the much more fun and interesting Angels and Demons (AD), left me wanting more as i turned page by page to get to the plot climax.  With The Lost Symbol, I kept waiting for myself to be put out of agony.  While DVC and AD provided a great reward for listening to the musings of Robert Langdon as he went into deep intellectual diatribes on religion and symbolism, there was no such gratification here.  Without giving away too much, the revelation of The Lost Symbol itself was more of a "Captain Obvious" moment in which the revealed symbol ended up being something that is really nothing new to readers.<br/><br/>This was such a disappointment, and I can't even fathom how they will make this exciting enough to be a film.  This book was painful.  Do not expect much enjoyment out of it.
 Dan Brown has put words to something I knew in my heart all along. My inner turmoil over the mysteries of life and divine universal truth seems clearer each time I pick up one of his books. It’s like entertainment and enlightenment wrapped up in a neat little package.
 I was fascinated by this novel, even though it seemed a bit.. shallow? compared to others. It sounded like a lot of James Bond ideas thrown into a small idea that Dan Brown had... rather than a deeply thought out and written novel. But I pushed through, and then... the ending. The term.. cop out... comes to mind. My advice would be 'if you get stuck at the ending when writing a novel, give it a rest, finish it later... don't just whip out whatever pops up first and shove it into place'.<br/><br/>Love the author, just not this novel. I'll go reread the earlier ones to make me feel better.
 It is not just another thriller, it talks a great deal about exciting and real facts related to history of mysticism. It introduces the reader to the advent of a new science called noetic science, and explores the possibility of its being the connector of modern science and old scriptures and mythologies. I am not convinced yet, and will look forward to evidence in future.
 I was a voracious reader in my youth but now due to competing demands, manage only 1 or 2 novels a year. So it was with the Lost Symbol which I was looking forward to like a fine bottle of wine kept on a shelf for a special event. I loved the Da Vinci Code because it was a journey of discovery to an awe-inspiring conclusion; I forgave the warts and carbuncles of the contrived story-telling and cardboard characters because the historical and religious anecdotes were so intriguing. Whilst the Masons are indeed a fascinating topic there was no big bang to this story. Some 'wham-bam' moments punctuated the story but the ending left me unfulfilled. There were many moments in the second half of the book where I thought the book read like a screenplay, where I thought the author was lining himself up for his next Hollywood assignment. He just doesn't do action sequences as well as other writers and the scenes were contrived. To me, the most interesting area of the book was the explanation of how the Masons interpret coded messages in the Bible but felt that there could have been a lot more detail here. The novel despite its shortcomings, did ultimately deliver for me and was enough to be a page turner but like my good bottle of wine, is only really truly satisfying when served up properly and the content of the book whilst substantial enough could have been served up better.
 Loved the historical content and Masonic unveilings as well as the imagery and depth of the secrets that were hidden in all the symbols
 I'm a fan of his other books; all had great plots, page turners, the historical stuff was there, but the Lost Symbol took it too far. Barely a plot...well its there but nothing that's not predictable. There's were parts that did not really play an important part in the overall story. Landgon skeptisism was taken way to far, and why was repeated every few pages something to the effect I know you don't believe or open your mind. Got quite old. To be honest, I lost interest, and the last few chapters I was skimming threw.<br/>A true dissappointment, and this is one of those books that will end up in the Spring Garage Sale next year. And one more thing: please, please, please don't make this book a movie!!!!
 This is a pretty good book. Follows a formula similar to his other books for fast-paced, takes-place-in-one-day material. It is a light and easy read, and entertaining to be toured around one of my favorite cities, Washington DC. There are no fatal flaws, however, there are several times when the antagonist and his history seems contrived, the historical relationship between this person and the person he kidnaps (trying not to reveal any spoilers) is underdeveloped in comparison to the high degree of psychotic dysfunction that characterizes his relationship with this person; all of which lead to a substantial imbalance in the climax of the story. At the same time, the primary protagonist - our old friend Robert Langdon - seems shallower and less robust that in prior portrayals, and at times uncharacteristically dense in the face of some of the symbology being revealed to him, during which time the reader is left with the impression that Langdon is a dolt, unable to figure any of this out himself. To this end, the story overall is fine and makes for an entertaining read, but the climax and conclusion of the book are dissatisfying, falling squarely in the shadow of the first 400 pages of the book. Still, I recommend it is a good weekend read.
 The words of man can in deed inspire us.  I loved all the twists and turns this story took.  Dan Brown is a master of combining history, art and science into a wonderful storyline.
 I plowed through this book.  ALL the action was like watching a movie.  However, once that part of the book gets resolved, it is too wordy, slow, and frankly goes on longer then necessary. Also given the horrors the characters endured, their behavior at the end is completely unrealistic.  Their night filled with terror and near death experiences, the murder of valued colleagues, seem forgotten very quickly.  The characters make no reference to the nightmare at all....it is bizarre.  In short I enjoyed the drama but was very disappointed by the endless ending!
 I love the Robert Langdon series of books from Dan Brown and was not disappointed in this book. I enjoyed this book and was hoping it would be translated into a movie but I guess all hope is lost now. Although I had the plot figured out mid-story it was still interesting enough to keep me reading through until the end. I don't think you would be disappointed in this book but if you haven't read any of the Robert Langdon series of books...it's important to google which ones to read in which order so that his books flow from one to another....
 I had great expectations for this book but was sadly left pretty disappointed.  I'm a big fan of Angels &amp; Demons and liked The Da Vinci Code but The Lost Symbol just left me wishing Dan Brown had retired Langdon's character before.<br/><br/>The book started off a little slow for my liking. I didn't really get into it til around Chapter 30.<br/><br/>My major issue with the book is it felt like it was going to go on forever.  The only real shocking part (which i use loosely) came around Chapter 120, yet the book continues for another 13 chapters.  Come on, end it already.<br/><br/>I think if this had been the first of the Robert Langdon books I would have been ok with it but it just really didn't have the same page turning thrill Brown's previous works have.
 So, I read so many negative reviews of this book I thought I would write my own.  Although, this is not Dan Brown's best Novel; it is a FUN and EXCITING read.  The setting is Washington D.C. and our hero Robert Langdon gets stuck in another precarious position and has another adventure, this time through the familiar area of our Nation's Capital.  Does this book read like a movie script?  Yes.  Is this book fast paced and a page turner? Yes.  I am giving the book three stars because it does have points where I felt like I was reading a Deepak Chopra novel and it felt like Dan was trying to explain why he feels the way he feels about Religion through Robert and Katherine more than developing the characters and storyline.  I do find the way the book flows a complete 180 from where the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons flowed.  If you are expecting another one of those types of novels then this read is not for you.  If you are a Dan Brown fan and are looking for just a solid entertaining read, then by all means pick up this novel.
 As a Dan Brown fan, I have to say I enjoyed this book.  I akin the character Dr. Robert Langdon to Dr. Indiana Jones but in an urban setting.  Robert Langdon always has a limited amount of time to figure things out, and is pressed for time either by an apocalyptic event or by his own life being at stake.  Mr. Brown's books give good character development to the point that sometimes you feel sorry for the antagonist.  I was riveted to this book, chapter after chapter I couldn't wait to see how events unfolded.  I also enjoy how Mr. Brown mixes mystery, and destiny with our culture and art that is in our everyday lives. Very good read.
 I have enjoyed Mr. Brown's books for years now,  this book has sparked an interest I to Noetic research.<br/>The mystery and suspense culminating in an examination of humanity from a "different perspective" allowed me to rate this book 5 stars.<br/>A must read for persons having spiritual doubts in their lives,
 I got this book a long time ago for my birthday. Like others, I had read The Da Vinci Code, and I found it interesting, really I did. It interested me in secret societies for a while and I think sparked a greater interest in symbolism, and intrigued with with the carefully tied concept, and the beautiful art, architecture, and scenery. Then I read Angels and Demons, the prequel, and literally could not put it down. The plot was so pulse pounding, the theme was awesome, and the setting was great. That's not to say I didn't detect less than stellar quality in the writing itself. That's obvious. But I was happy.<br/><br/>Spoilers ahead!<br/><br/>I waited patiently for "The Lost Symbol" aka Solomon's Key and frowned at the delay. Then I get it...and I was hit by trash. The first line by the villian "I am a masterpiece" just made me hate him, and to be honest, the villian did not interest me or stimulate my imagination, he made me convulse in disgust and he made my imagination feel dirty. I mean ICK. I really wanted him to die but he kept on going in his idiotic ramblings.<br/><br/>Langdon's lecturing tone was really bad here, an understandable problem but one that needs toning down. Other charatcers also displayed encyclopedic dialogue that was uninteresting. The descriptions of noetic science were underwhelming in what was said with no big possibilities given. So a bunch of people could potentially move the tide, that sounds inefficient. So you made molecular crystal formations. Big deal. Some nerd may be excited somewhere but I yawn, and I am familiar with New Age concepts, though I don't believe them. The first real substantial possibility suggested for the powers of Noetic Science and the abilities of the mind (aka psychic ability) is a reference to the power of faith healers. That's something significant, giving weight to the intangible power they believe in. But that comes on a page in the 300s, WAY too late.<br/><br/>The architecture wasn't properly worked in, Dan Brown seems like he rushed, the end was idiotic. Dan Brown spends so long defending Masons he takes no time to build them into something else, which he could. He got caught up in their "no religion" policy. In fact he makes the Masons, including the oh so incredible (sarcasm) Peter Solomon look like Morons. This thing was so bad I had to skip a lot to get to the end, which I hardly ever do, and have never with Brown.<br/><br/>I am being very gracious in giving the thing shelf space but Dan Brown has forever lost me. I will never look at a book of his with a critical eye. Dan Brown: minus one trusting fan.<br/><br/>Don't buy this pile of garbage and give him more money. It's not worth it.
 I felt as though I was reading a textbook from a symbology class in college.  Had I wanted to do so, I would have taken the course!  This was such a disappointment.  I have had this book for some time but never found the time to read it.  I wish now I had not because I am extremely disappointed in Dan Brown.  I loved all of his other books - especially The DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons.  This book was okay - not great and certainly not a good read - until about the last 10 chapters.  Then I just skipped ahead and read the last few pages.  Anyone who could not figure out almost all of what was coming should just give up.  I think that the success of the DaVinci Code went to Dan Brown's head and all he really saw were dollar signs.  I think the man should just go quietly into the night!
 I loved Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons.  The ancient symbol lore was nicely intertwined with compelling story lines. I am somewhat disappointed with The Lost Symbol as it is more of a reference guide to the varied mystical symbols placed in and around Washington D.C.  The story line is very thin and only tangent to the lengthy explanations of the many symbols Mr. Brown researched.  Although probably not as profitable, the book could easily be turned into a tour guide and the story would not have been missed.  In fact, in the last few chapters, you would never know that the main characters have had bodily traumas as they calmly walked and ran around the city looking for the answers that, apparently, were right in front of our eyes if we only looked, maybe with a microscope!  Sorry, not one of my favorite books this year.
 I loved "The DaVinci Code" so was looking forward to "Lost Symbol"  It started off well with promising points of interest like the Freemasons and Washington, D.C. and a menacing villain.  But the narrative became bogged down in lots of minutia, a plethora of boring details that most educated people ought to know already, little psychological insight, hardly any character development, and individual reactions to events that are impossible to believe = try walking down the Washington Monument just hours after having your hand lopped off.  How Brown could make this so boring and unrealistic is a feat in itself.  The book needed lots of editing and more creativity!  Sorry I wasted my time.
 I loved 3 of Brown's other novels, Angels,Davinci,and Deception, but this one fell a bit short.  Follows the same format as the others, which may explain my opinion...Maybe a bit tired of the template?  I struggled in disbelief that after undergoing extreme physical injury and trauma, the heroes happily plug along to the end after the climactic scene, when real folks would be in shock or ICU.  An interesting ending, which I actually liked...I wonder if Dan Brown researched Christian Science before writing the book...in conclusion, not bad, but in the current world of very good $0.99 indie authors, I would recommend searching free and low cost e-book shelves.
 Love his research, but irritated by his style of writing...<br/><br/>I've developed a method of reading his books where I skim through to find interesting facts and anything important to the storyline (this is entirely subconscious).  Might be the publishing effort where editor's say the book must have so much "filler material", but sometimes I feel like he is insulting his readers by stating the obvious over and over again and telling about every single detail of each scene. I get the "show dont tell" aspect of fiction writing, but his writing tends to go a little overboard. Each of his books could be 100-200 pages shorter and still tell the same great story.<br/><br/>Otherwise another great book in the series!
 I can't give 1 star to a book that kept me turning its pages but it's tempting.  Mr. Brown is a good plot craftsman but a terrible writer.  He doesn't trust his reader to remember a character's thoughts for more than a page or two so he repeats details to help us connect the dots.  Little if any of the dialog reads like anything a person might actually say with lots of uninterrupted exposition bogging things down.<br/><br/>When Katherine answers Robert's initial phone call I thought we might see some fun, sexy banter (maybe a relationship?) but it was downhill from there.<br/><br/>This is NOT a book you'll want to read twice so dust off your library card, put your name on a "request" list and wait until it comes in.
 Enjoyed this book tremendously ending was a very much of a surprise learned about some American history People and also about the Free mason history I read now all of Dan Brown’s wish there was a new one out
 I have read all four of Dan Brown's books and loved them all.  I was eagerly anticipating the release of The Lost Symbol.  I pre-purchased it for my Kindle and read it the first day.  I was sorely disappointed.  The story was fine but the time it took Brown to get into the story was tedious.  He spent pages explaining his theories and the masonic traditions and intentions.  After about the first 1/4th of the book the action began and the reading was great for the middle half.  There were lots of twists and turns that held my attention.  Then the story basically ended except the book continued with more teaching, preaching and attempts to inspire.  This book wasn't bad but it could have been a great deal shorter.
 I honestly don't understand why this book isn't getting even worse reviews than it is. I thought Dan Brown's DaVinci Code was okay, and I enjoyed Angels and Demons (I haven't seen either of the movies because I prefer the depth of a novel). So I was looking forward to his latest book, The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>What a disappointment. I bought the hardcover for my wife, but I listened to the audio book. Eventually the only way I was able to get through all of its lectures and utter nonsense was on double speed on my iPhone.<br/><br/>In trying to think how to describe the book's problems, I found it hard to come up with anything I liked about it. What I did come up with was a list:<br/><br/>How to Write Like Dan Brown<br/><br/>  1. Start with an idea for a 20 page short story.<br/>  2. Turn it into a novel.<br/>  3. Label every scene as a chapter.<br/>  4. Use the viewpoint of every living thing in Washington (don't overlook bums, pets and inanimate objects as possibilities).<br/>  5. Describe everything at least 5 times.<br/>  6. End each of the two hundred chapters with a melodramatic cliff hanger.<br/>  7. Recap the entire situation at the beginning of every chapter.<br/>  8. Stop in the middle of all action sequences for a five page lecture.<br/>  9. Hire Wile E. Coyote as your science adviser.<br/>  10. Sell the movie rights for $10M.<br/><br/>That last one is the one that bugs me the most. With all the terrific books out there, it's sad that this one is certain to be turned into a movie, and make more money that all of this year's best sellers combined. The book is actually already written like a movie script, more a collection of dramatic beats than a real story. You can almost here the DUN DUN DUN at the end of each of the 136 chapters.<br/><br/>If you insist on finding out how bad The Lost Symbol is for yourself, at least wait until you can pick up a used copy for 1 cent. There will be lots of them.
 Again Dan Brown does not disappoint!!! He takes you on a rollercoaster ride that keeps your full attention from beginning to end!!  The most shocking being close to the end and I must say I gasped out loud!! This book was a pick from one of the members in my book club and I actually sent him a text at that very moment and he text back simply "I know"!! Again, I don't give a five star rating very often but this book deserves it and much more. Any book that can peak your interest about the world around you and keep you guessing for days on end, is a good book in my book!!
 Hatikva! or TikVa' .  A much more than "good read" here.  Profound.  Challenging. Informative and scholarly work but it leaves my own personal *Burning Question* unanswered.  My father was a Master Mason and he refused to utter a word about it to me, not because I was not a Brother, but because I could *never* be one.<br/><br/>I am female and I want to know - I could accept all of this as being "the way to go" if I could understand -  WHY women are excluded from Masonry????  A scientific, rational answer is required before I follow this light anywhere from here. thank you for your writing Mr. Brown, but you've yet to give us ALL the answers we need :)
 Excellent writing, involves the reader to their core! Another great discovery. He always gives one so much to digest. A perfect combination of fact and fiction.
 I found this book ultimately more satisfying than the "The Da Vinci Code," which I had also enjoyed.  Yes, Brown has a formula, and his characters' dialogue can make you wince (especially so near the end of this book -- the exchanges between the two main characters are almost painful to read, as Brown tries to convey his own quasi-mystical views through Robert and Katherine), but still, the book was a fun, fascinating read.  Moreover, the underlying motive of the book strikes me as far more positive than that of "The Da Vinci Code."  Rather than tear down, this time Brown is trying to build up, to affirm a positive message.  The message itself may be a bit vague and fuzzy, but it is positive and hopeful.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books and controversies aside, they're both entertaining and thought provoking.  Robert Langdon is once again thrust into a great mystery with the clock running.  His mentor has been kidnapped and the kidnapper has sent him on a mission to find the lost symbol of the masons.  I have to admit that the twist of who Malach really was was pretty obvious.  In the end the story turns into a pretty long discussion about man's ascension to... Something greater... And that "non fiction" portion was what I found most interesting.  Overall, another winner by Brown.
 I'm a fan of Dan Brown's Robert Langdon series, but this one was disappointing.  Robert Langdon didn't seem true to his character as defined in the first two books.  In the previous books, Robert proved the impossible, the improbable, the myth and the legend.  In this book he seemed to be fighting the myth, repeatedly saying 'it isn't possible'.  There were too many hints as to who the bad guy was too early in the book and the ending was way too predictable.  After reading the book, I felt Dan Brown threw the story together without the effort it needed to be a great book.  And I believe most are buying it based on his previous success (I know I did) hoping for an  entertaining story.  This wasn't a good read for me.  I hope the movie is better.
 I enjoyed Dan Brown's other books, but felt that this one was way too formulaic; it felt so similar in pattern to The DaVinci Code that I was very put off.  However, I kept reading and hoping for it to improve.  As with his other books, I got caught up in the story of the power of that one insane individual who ends up controlling so many people and threatening so much danger.  The rapid pace, intensity, and unknown dangers make you anticipate a spectacular ending, which you cannot imagine yourself, so you read as fast as you can to end the suspense.  The problem is, Dan Brown could not imagine that ending, either.  The letdown is huge.  I don't think I'll be reading Dan Brown in the future.
 The Lost Symbol is an average book when compared to Angels and Demons and the Davinci Code. I was a huge Dan Brown fan when I ordered this for my Kindle and often while reading it I asked myself "when is this book going to end?" The story line took quite a while to set up with pretty meaningless character dialogue until about half way through the book, where you finally see some action. At that point and only that point, the book becomes a page turner. I was kind of upset that there wasn't more symbology, but you can't have everything. Overall, I thought the Solomon family secret was more interesting than the Masonic aspect of the book. All in all it was an okay book, but worth the read if you're a Dan Brown fan or a history buff.
 After reading Angels and Demons I read all of his books. AAD was by far his best work, and an incredible one at that. The other books were not bad, but not memorable. THIS one however was terrible. I lost interest about half way through. It took me awhile to actually finish. I did not understand, or care about the ending. I don't even remember the ending. It it too bad because he is a good writer and he took so much time to research the Masons. He could have just read "Rule by Secrecy" by Jim Marrs and then pumped this book out in 3 months rather than making us all wait for 5 years. You're a great author Brown and you know we will buy your next book, so please just try to write a good one.
 I make it a general rule not to write reviews that contain spoilers but I really feel the need to vent.<br/><br/>I won't go into the plot details and all that, so many other reviewers have already done that.<br/>I'll get right to it.<br/><br/>What did I like?<br/>I liked this book just as much as Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code.<br/>It's a page turner that's for sure.<br/>And like the previous two books there are more twists than a pretzel.<br/>I really loved the final twist at the end when Peter Solomon finds out who the killer really is.<br/>That was really the "woah" moment for me.<br/>The character development was good.<br/>The pacing was good.<br/>Not too long, not too short.<br/>You can tell there was major effort and research put into this book.<br/>How much of it is accurate?<br/>I don't know, nor do I care. I read Dan Brown's work because it's fiction, not because I want an accurate history lesson.<br/><br/>What really killed this book for me was the ending.<br/>Unlike, Da Vinci and Angels &amp; Demons there was no real resolution.<br/>In Da Vinci you found out where the grail was hidden.<br/>In Angels &amp; Demons everything wrapped up into a nice little package that made sense.<br/>But this book???<br/>I got all the way to the end expecting something extraordinary to happen and it JUST DIDN'T.<br/>Are you telling me the Masons would go to such extreme lengths with the stone pyramid just to hide NOTHING.<br/>We never found out about the Ancient Mysteries.<br/>It felt like the rug had literally been yanked right out from under my feet.<br/>I felt like, "I just read five hundred plus pages to find out NOTHING???."<br/>Nothing world changing, nothing even really worth reading.<br/>Just "read in between the lines of the bible" and that's it.<br/>Are you kidding me???<br/>Are you SERIOUS???<br/>That's what was being protected by the Mason's for hundreds of years?<br/>I think I know why Brown did the ending in such a way.<br/>To make us think of, instead of looking for outside knowledge, we should look inward.<br/>That's nice (sarcasm) but like I said, I read Brown's work for enjoyable fiction not for a history or morality lesson.<br/><br/>I really wanted and was expecting the Mysteries to be found and something MAJOR to happen and......it didn't.<br/>The book just.........ends.<br/>Lame.<br/><br/>Other issues I had with the book were...<br/>Do you really expect us to believe that the CIA would get involved if some nut job was going to release a video of Masonic rituals?<br/>I don't CARE how many of the USA's power players are in the Mason's. I know there are many and have been since this country was founded.<br/>Whoopdee Dooo.<br/>Would a covert video tape of their rituals really cause world wide upheaval?<br/>I think not.<br/>Most people would shrug and go, "yeah, so what?"<br/>Rich people doing weird things, what else is new?<br/>I was expecting the killer to have access to a WMD or something of that nature, something that would actually WARRANT the CIA's involvement.<br/>Then we find out he's threatening to release a tape.<br/>That's nice (sarcasm again).<br/>So what!!!<br/>UUGH!!!<br/>I loved the book except for the tape part and the very ending was such a let down.<br/>Do I recommend The Lost Symbol?<br/>It's not essential but it is a fun read.<br/>Like Da Vinci and Angels it takes a long time for the book to really pick up steam but when it does it's great.<br/>It's just that the ending is JUST SO WRONG.<br/>Meh, I hope Brown is now done messing with the Masons.<br/>Time to move onto something different me thinks.<br/>Three stars for a great book ruined by a bogus ending.
 I am about 3/4 finished reading this book; I may never complete it.  I am very disappointed, I waited for it to be published, purchased it ASAP, hoarded it, putting off starting it to savor a great read.  It is boring, what else can I say?  A weirdo run amok l just gets to be too much.  Why doesn't someone just kill the 'evil one' and put him out of his ego driven misery?  Covered with tattoos,  he "hides" them on his head with makeup, come onnnnn, that's ridiculous. All the other mumbo-jumbo just makes it easy to put down hoping it will get better...but it doesn't.<br/><br/>That's it for me!  My red knob popped up, I'm done with it.  Done like a turkey.
 It had a good beginning. My grandfather was a Free Mason and I remember the stories of secrecy,so I was fascinated by the topic of this book. However, I quickly got bogged down until the end. It seemed so far-fetched, sensational and wordy, that I got impatient. It was not the page-turner I expected.<br/><br/>Finally, I skimmed through to the end which turned out to be redeeming. The ending brought it all together - finally! It just took too long to get there.<br/><br/>Based on other reviews, I deliberately read this first, before the DaVinci Code since so many of those reviews said it was hard to top, and that this one didn't.<br/><br/>I shall see whether I agree!
 This is the 4th one I have read...on to the 5th. I hadn't been able to focus and read for a long time. Thank you Dan Brown for changing that.
 There seemed to be an attempt to capture the energy and urgency of Angels and Demons but it kind of fell flat on me. I just didn't find it entirely believable though that's my personal opinion. With what happened later though it kind of made some sense with the government officials being videotaped during certain rites. They didn't want that kind of thing out in public. Didn't really find the 'noetic science' believable either. If you can manage to suspend your disbelief there actually is a good story line in this book. Unfortunately, I couldn't suspend my disbelief throughout most of it.
 As usual, Dan Brown delivers an intense mystery surrounding Ancient Mysteries and symbols. While Browns writing enable the reader to visualize pretty accurately, the illustrations add immensely to this piece.  Highly recommend this one
 I have enjoyed other books from this author and have been waiting to read this one for a while. It was a good, entertaining book. Very entertaining from the beginning and with the fact that I used to live near D.C., it was nice to follow places I'm familiar with. The last few chapters, were a little bit boring to me and felt the story was dragging more than necessary. While the first 3/4 of the book went like a breeze (that entertaining!) that 1/4 took me way longer to finish it than the rest of the book. Therefore the score.
 The Lost Symbol delivers and is not disappointing or a let down after The DaVinci Code and Angel's.  Dan Brown does the research for you.  It's an "everything you wanted to know about DC Symbology but didn't know who to ask".  The plot is believeable and plausible, the villian is one of the cruelest and genuine black heart's, as I've seen.  There is just the right amount of tension in the story to keep it a page turner.  I am confused about the placement of Director Inoue Sato of the Office of Security.  Her antics are not believable, just brass and crude. I haven't finished reading the book so maybe Sato's story will come together later. I would enjoy seeing how Brown understands the pending appocalpse of 2012.  Any plans to visit Mexico?
 Once started, could not put it down. Definitely needs to be a movie. Lots of history, well told and fast moving. Well done Dan Brown.
 I know the critics beat Dan Brown up, he never claimed to be a brilliant writer, just one that does write entertainment and in this book I was entertained, and it is an easy read, which critics do not typically appreciate the value of. It has made me want to go to Washington, which I never did before, so it did open up some dusty areas in my mind, he did some interesting research into the Mason's which a few men in my family were, so I enjoyed it for what it was, an entertaining easy read. There were a few times I got a little lost, can not even remember where those places were, but I enjoyed it, kept the pages turning on my kindle and would try another book of his for an easy read.
 I loved Angels and Demons, and The DaVinci Code, this was my 3rd book from this author. I enjoyed it, especially the insight into our National Monuments in Washington DC, the Masons, and the Institute of Noetic Science. I didn't know this was a science being studied, it was lovely to learn more about it. I've always had some thoughts that perhaps human beings had untapped potential to do greater things. Very enlightening read. Thank you. (btw unrelated to this book, there's a lovely Blue Six album called "Noesis" - check it out).
 I've read all of Dan Brown's book and I must say, after waiting a couple of years for the release of this "ultra-secretive" and guarded book, I must say I was disappointed by the anticlimactic "The Lost Symbol". Don't get me wrong, I liked almost all his other books, but "The Lost Symbol" just doesn't deliver on the premises it builds upon in the first chapters. Like all of Dan Brown books, "The Lost Symbol" is very much written like a movie, but something was different about this one, almost as if he tried to make it too much like a movie on purpose. I was actually very curious to see where the story would take the very interesting field of Noetics and the impact of the reveal of "The Lost Symbol" to the masses. But I must say, after all the runaround of what now have become the same exact characters and predictable Robert Langdon/ Smart Female Love Interest/ Devoted Villain/ And Supporting cast, the story falls absolutely flat. I hate to say it, but the last 25% of the book were extremely predictable, had me wishing I would be proven wrong, but I wasn't. This book delivered what could be the worse ending that I've ever read in my entire life, and with the "impact" of the release of the "lost word" all I could say is, so what?! This book could very well cast Dan Brown back to his days as an unknown writer with the likes of "Deception Point" and "Digital Fortress". Quite possibly the death of Robert Langdon and his "insert different conspiracy here" stories.<br/>Truly Disappointing.
 Audio book was well done.  However , this will be my last dan brown book for a while . Too much of a cut and paste formula .  Feels like he used angels and demons as a template.  Changed a few names and places and slapped a new coat of paint on it .<br/>The " pay off "  at the end of the story was underwhelming and overall I found the book forgettable.<br/>I don't think I would recommend it ?  Maybe  but for sure I would go with his others books first
 This might be my favorite Robert Langdon book! Dan Brown’s rich description and action makes this book one of my favorites. The twists in the plot were unpredictable and kept me flipping through the pages. Couldn’t put this book down. I only wish they could make a movie out of this book so that we could see another interpretation of the story line that was so well done. A must read!
 I really liked all his other novels, but this one was slow going. I hate chase scenes, and this novel was filled with them. I fear that a good hour of the movie will be nothing more than tedious chase scenes and unlikely last second escapes. The ending was unsatisfying too, but I won't spoil that. I did wonder at the end what all the fuss was over, not to mention all the blood spilled. The cardinal sins, however, were the "logic gaps" -- where any number of highly improbable things happen that are essential to keeping the plot moving, without the establishment of a reasonable foundation for them. Hitchcock did that all the time, but this is a different age. Just one example: Why does the CIA lady just let all the mystical evidence stuff walk out the door with Robert and Kathleen, when she knows a dangerous madman is trying to get his hands on it? Sorry folks -- it would never happen in real life. His other novels were logically consistent and had real pots of gold at the end of their rainbows. Still I wouldn't dissuade anyone from reading it, just temper your expectations.
 I read this book purely for entertainment purposes, and I was mildly entertained.  Sure the story is somewhat like the others (I knew it would be), and my only complaint was that the book was too long. Seems to me that the book could be cut in half if the CIA director had told the truth from the beginning, but I'm not one to make much of a stink over the actions of fictional characters.<br/><br/>There was, this time, a little twist that I wasn't expecting and found myself reading with my jaw hanging wide open and over what special kind of crazy the villain was and wondering what was going to happen next, but that was near the end of the book and it took too long to get there.<br/><br/>Still, if I had the choice between 'buy this book' or 'borrow it from the library', this would be a 'borrow'.
 Overall I thought this was an entertaining thriller with plenty of twists and turns and unexpected developments. Does it live up to the hype of its impossible to follow predecessor, The Da Vinci Code? Barely. But what could? It certainly continues the formula, although I found it to be darker than DVC. At its heart, though, it's the same: the character Langdon hooks up with is of course connected extremely closely to the conflict, the conflict involves secret societies guarding some treasured knowledge of the ages at the intersection of science and religion, the fanatics die in the end while Langdon and his friends are left to reflect on some newfound understanding, and it all takes place in 24 hrs.. Good stuff. I would definitely read another one, although I think it could be a tad shorter next time.<br/><br/>At the very end the clue references became overly circular and repetitive to the point of overkill, but overall this was one hell of a read. Maybe 50 pages or so could have been cut.
 It is hard to follow "The DaVinci Code" and "The Lost Symbol" falls well short of that high standard. This novel is set Washington DC and explores the "mysteries" of the Masons. The main character is again Robert Langdon, the Symbologist. Mr. Brown's writing is not at a very high level and when the thriller is thrilling this can be forgiven. This thriller is only passably thrilling (the last 20 pages are brutal). A good thriller begs you to suspend disbelief and go along for the ride. A mediocore (or bad) thriller has you predicting the outcome (successfully) and wondering what the hell these people are thinking. Three strars may be generous.
 This book is a good read. Like his other books which follow a similar theme of religious intrigue and conspiracy this book examines the secrecy of the Masonic order, but in a positive manner. His characters are well described with the villain being obsessively engaged in a series of unconscionable murders and killings as he rampages through Washington in his quest for an icon which has been concealed and guarded by elders of the Masonic order, men who are pillars of society at the highest levels of society and power. True to form the plot twists and turns bringing up clues which need to be deciphered in order to progress to the next mysterious stage of the drama. Robert Langdon is the hero once again and he teams up with an intelligent woman in order to solve the mystery. It's a real page turner and one you will not want to put down from start to finish. Justice triumphs at the end but the reader is left with a slight unease knowing that underneath the civil veneer of western society may lurk a concealed world of religious intrigue that could overturn our democratic institutions at any time.
 The good news, it's a quick read.  Not too detailed with new info...short pithy chapters...few characters (all true to stereotypes)...an evil dude (tatooed and insane).<br/><br/>The bads news, YAWN.  I found my immediate impression was, "so what?" Was an undercover Masonic initiation video really going to bring down the world?  Not.<br/><br/>I enjoyed his other books where he seemed to weave a story with more substance.  Oh well, he'll still make millions and this may be another movie.<br/><br/>But the real message is clear.  Propaganda is rampant with the "arts" community.  Is Dan Brown the ultimate drone?  Ending the entire novel with "hope"?
 I was hooked into this book after just the first few pages.  I actually stayed up late at night to read more of it, and finished it in just a couple of days.  Makes you stop and think,  I was actually looking things up on the internet as i read the book and lo and behold, everything i looked up was a fact.  I stopped looking things up.  lol.  Great story!  I loved the DaVinci Code, and so I had a feeling I would really like this one too.
 I love listening to books in the car and for the first time ever, I pre-ordered this book; I should have saved my money.<br/><br/>There's a lot going on in this story most of it completely unbelievable.  Robert Langdon makes Superman and every other superhero look like a slackard.  Even Peter Solomon is heroic beyond description.  The time frame in which the story takes place is implausible as well.<br/><br/>I wish I knew what went wrong...too many subplots, too much action, too much information about the Masons???  Who knows?  I was so glad when disc 14 ended; now I can drive to work tomorrow listening to Christmas music!
 I have some friends who bought the normal book and it didn't have any pictures or illustrations, well it does have some illustrations but they're just like pencil lines and simple drawings which discouraged me about getting the book. So, I then decided to buy this one and it's just great. Totally what I was expecting. It's very heavy first of all, the pages are glossy or poster like material which really boosts the picture quality and the text is of course wider and eye friendly, easy to read.<br/><br/>I've heard and seen online that the book is pure BS because it deviates too much from reality because Masons do this or that differently or some other stuff is pure fantasy. Well, I, as a Mason can say that "For your eyes only" kind of situation, some things have to be either omitted or D. Brown did not include bc he does not know/cannot say everything about Masons. The rituals as written on the book are something like that but it is just a preview for so to say.<br/><br/>Finally, and this is the most important thing. Remember that this is of course a fictional story based on true places, events and all that sort of stuff.<br/><br/>The story is awesome (although haven't finished reading it) and the illustrations really drag you deeper into your imagination.
 The premise is great...and in the new Rome of the free world? Set in Washington, D.C. the fun of traipsing through DC while the bad guy runs around...great Dan Brown fun. And as in many of his novels, the ending payoff pales to the set up and middle. So be it. Nonetheless, a fun read.
 Intriguing...gripping...and educational. Loved every page/chapter.  Real difficulty in putting it down
 Reading The Lost Symbol, or any other Dan Brown novel (yes, I'm guilty of reading them all) is essentially like buying an entire gallon tub of extra-butter popcorn for just yourself at the theater. It might taste good, but while eating it, you know it's really just a pile of buttered fat that's going to make you sad that you ate it later. Amazingly, Brown seems to craft his ridiculous tales using some ancient Freemason secret that compels you to finish the book. Trust me, no matter how bad it seems, you're going to keep reading it- this is Brown's greatest trick.<br/><br/>My three main gripes with the book are:<br/><br/>1. It's obviously aimed at the lowest common denominator of English literacy to maximize sales potential. If you want a taste for Brown's writing prowess, go to a used bookstore, pick up a copy of any Sweet Valley High book, and read a few pages. Brown's storytelling style is similar.<br/><br/>2. The story is ridiculously implausible, with more Deux Ex Machina than you can shake a stick at. I'm serious, there's probably 5 or more, for both the protagonist and villain. Some are simply never explained.<br/><br/>3. The characters are one-dimensional and clichéd. Langdon is Indiana Jones, but knows everything about history and mysticism. The Bad Guy (This should literally be his name) is evil for seemingly no other reason than to be evil. Also, his transformation from drug-addled prison inmate to a hyper-intelligent, bodybuilder-perfect supervillain is a bit of a stretch. The female interest in the story is rich, thin, super-smart and Langdon's age (shock!).<br/><br/>I won't ruin the "twist", but suffice to say it's perhaps the most sadly clichéd twist in history, and does nothing for the story.<br/><br/>The book will keep you busy on plane flights or as a brainless read before falling asleep, but keep that in mind before you purchase it.<br/><br/>I'd wait until the inevitable movie, or until the book's in the bargain bin. 2 stars for Brown's amazing ability to make me keep reading through the pain. (Thank you Kindle for saving me $6)
 With "Lost Symbol" Dan Brown takes a leap into a deeper, more philosophical message and I really enjoyed that new turn. I liked "The Da Vinci Code" and appreciated "Angels and Demons" a bit less but this read is my favorite. I did not feel cheated by a repeat recipe like some dissatisfied reviewers, the suspense reached heights it didn't reached before, the plot is even thicker than before and the "finale" is absolutely stunning... But I am weird! ;) I actually am ready to read it again...
 Whatever entertainment value this book offers is completely offset by Dan Brown's worn-out style of writing.  If you've read his other works, you know what I'm referring to.  That "bad" guy that pops up in the first third of the book?  They're definately going to end up helping our hero.  The really evil character will always be involved in some plot twist that you never saw coming (only if, of course, you are literally blind).  Every chapter will involve a lecture on history or art, and Robert Langdon, in spite of "recoiling in shock" and "staring in amazement" through two previous novels involving explosive revelations, will always and forever deny any theory that any character proposes, only to be "shocked" or "dismayed" upon learning its truth ten pages later.<br/><br/>Also, the stupid cliff-hangers at the end of every chapter may have been effective the first time around Dan, but four novels later they are just annoying.  You spend all of your energy building suspense, only to leave us unsatisfied at the end of a chapter when you switch scenes.  I think it would be much more effective if we didn't see conflict coming a mile away, and if you occasionally surprised us with something unexpected.  I thought your previous Langdon novels were extremely entertaining, and fun.  While this novel serves its purpose (making money), I think you can do much better in the future.  I would like to see you stray from your own formula.
 The book follows his previous work in that it provides interesting factual information weaved into the story. The result is a book that is a page turner and you are rewarded with a few bits of knowledge that you get to keep. The only criticism I would have is that the story ended about 100 pages before the book did. The last part could have been left out of the story entirely or included in an epilogue for those who would be interested in a few more interesting factoids and philosophical ideas. So far Dan has used the his knowledge and imagination about the masons and the templars to write two wonderful books, I look forward to any future books... maybe involving the Sumarian's? or other ancient civilization as a natural progression to his writing style and interest.
 I wasn't as impressed with this book as I was with others he has writen. The idea that Masons are keeping secrets and making deadly plots turned me off. As a 32 degree Scotish rite mason I know that a lot of the so-called info presented was pure rubbish. Masons do not now and never have drank wine from human skulls. Furthermore if one wishes to know the secrets of freemasonry all one has to do is join! You can now petition a mason for membership. If you are going talk about the Masons fine, but, at least get the facts right!!
 I wasn't too surprised to find that Brown wrote yet another book in the same style as before. This book had the typical Langdon quest to track something down while solving a puzzle after a stream of brilliant deductions that he was able to come up with quickly and while under pressure. It had the usual good guys and bad guys and people who might have been one or the other but one couldn't really be sure. And in the end, something or somebody isn't what it had appeared to be.<br/><br/>Despite that, Brown managed to make things work in the past by having good story lines and far fetched circumstances that one could have accepted as possible given the situation. This time, things were such a stretch that I still cannot imagine the most insane person ending up in the role of this novel's villain.<br/><br/>A real person can be brilliant, yet sometimes miss things. When it's not a real person, an author must figure out what the main character could conceivably overlook that would be accepted by the readership. In Angels and Demons, I thought it was a stretch that Langdon did not find it obvious that a symbol he was looking at was a mirror image.  In this book, we are expected to believe that Langdon's unmatched talents for decoding symbols could leave him drawing a blank because he could not tell that something was upside down.<br/><br/>In this novel, the CIA has a top person looking into things for some unknown reason. This person is supposed to be such a super spy that she knows everything that anybody anywhere is doing. It's never made clear in the book why it would be a legitimate CIA affair, unless you accept that they can run amok for their own benefit. But more importantly, we find out that much of the knowledge that this character has comes from a pre-existing wiretap of somebody's cell phone. Yet after a day of monitoring things, a text message gets sent from that phone that would have presented the opportunity for the CIA to end the entire problem almost instantly while averting another disaster.<br/><br/>If there had been some explanation why they had missed it, perhaps I would have understood. But it never came up. Even if that character could have overlooked something so obvious, could her entire staff of top level CIA operatives have monitored phone calls and voice mail for the phone but missed a text message? I don't think so. This same person was aware of a different text message that nobody could have possibly known about. Go figure.<br/><br/>If Langdon initially got fooled into something by never confirming the legitimacy of a phone message, is it credible that other highly intelligent leading characters would also act based on an unconfirmed phone call, or accept a text message at face value or fail to look at one from a phone that is being monitored? How many times can people make the same mistake?<br/><br/>Several times in the story, Brown wanted to mislead readers into thinking something else. So he did it by saying that something else happened. Then later he says that that wasn't what really happened.<br/><br/>SPOILER ALERT.<br/><br/>We are supposed to believe that a son who is not willing to follow in his father's footsteps but is willing to take untold millions of dollars in inheritance is not smart enough to get out of a jam on his own. His father could have taken the dishonest path by bribing somebody, but the son is too stupid to figure out on his own that he could have bribed someone. Just when you think the son should be able to figure that out, You are told that something else happens. It would have required the son to be stupid and to have shot off his mouth to an impossible extent for what followed. It would have made no sense for a jail guard never to have asked for a bribe or for him to go along with a tenuous plan involving a third party that would have been simple had the son been involved instead.<br/><br/>We are then expected to believe that a father's honesty which would have left his son in jail for another day or so for something the son did wrong would be considered such an outrage that the son would be willing to dedicate the rest of his life to revenge, killing off his whole family, trying to destroy the entire nation, even though doing so would involve learning everything he eschewed in the first place, but to a much further level, and would be accompanied by so much other learning, preparation, and untold endeavors. He would have to study arcane aspects of religion, culture, and philosophy to get away with it. He would also have to miss the entire message of everything he learned along the way and never have the thought that any pain his father might have caused was insignificant compared to the literal pain he brought upon himself afterward. By literal, I mean literal.<br/><br/>The biggest reason for any outrage over the father's actions was supposedly that it lead to the death of his son. But his son could not have gotten outraged for that reason since he never died and was never in danger of dying. And had he died, he would not have been outraged since he would have been dead. Had the reader believed he had died, then the reader would have needed to believe that the person outraged by the death was the person who did the killing. Such a person would have been more likely to have been grateful for the opportunity, given the wealth he obtained by doing so.<br/><br/>In the end Brown wants you to think the thing you ruled out in the beginning, accepting that a family was never asked to identify a body and that law enforcement was fine with that, and that Brown's explicit statements were supposed to have been interpreted as "it seemed as if..." are all a mistake on your part. I'm sure I'm not the only person who read through those paragraphs a second time before continuing with the book just to be sure things weren't happening in the obvious way. But in the end, we find out that at least that part really did happen in the obvious way.<br/><br/>As to the big mystery of life that the quest was supposed to reveal, Brown would have been better off ending the book earlier with the message that the secrets were once again safe where they belonged. That would have been fine with Langdon who never cared about such secrets in the first place. Instead, Langdon persists until his once again super sharp cryptographic skills allow him to unlock a secret that was not really a secret to the people who were keeping it a secret, and nothing more than something that is already a common viewpoint among many.<br/><br/>A final point is that if you kill of Langdon too early in the book, readers will know it didn't make any sense. Just because you said he was dead didn't mean he was dead. It meant you wanted us to think so, and later you want us to say "I guess I was wrong. I never saw it coming that he might be alive somehow." Things like that took all the suspense out of it. And since Langdon was left alive, we are all left waiting for that next sequel.
 I thought this was one of Dan Brown's best books to date.  The storyline was great, and the suspense decent (although a tad bit too predictable, and of course the good guys win, the bad guys loses...).  One thing that bothered me a LOT about this book was how preachy it was.  It starts off at the beginning saying how sourced and factual everything is, and then goes and tries to convert you to a certain way of thinking by blatantly misquoting so many sources.  Do I recommend it?  Yes.  But be prepared to be "evangelized" - don't know why, but more and more Dan Brown is attempting to do this with his books - I really wish he'd quit.
 Dan Brown never lets his readers down when it comes to keeping the mystery going and by adding in extraordinary detail. However, I was just a bit disappointed in the ending of this book. After all of the hype and secrecy throughout the novel, I expected a bit more at the end. I would still recommend it, it was a well done and fast moving.
 Reading about the building in Washington DC was interesting.  This book is way too long it goes on and on even after you find out the answer.  I started speed reading to get to the end but soon gave that up too.
 I was really excited to Dan Browns latest book, however my excitement turned to frustration and boredom...<br/><br/>If I wanted to read a scientific journal I would go out an buy science books... There is so much scientific dribble dedicated in this book that I feel many average Science readers will have no idea what they hell is going on ... So that was one major flaw in it. It was like I had to take study notes and research what the hell he was writing about many times throughout the book.<br/><br/>Another frustrating thing about the book is that in his previous works I felt I was learning history and it was entertaining, this time around very little is spent on educating the reader about the topics at hand .... Personally I think the topic of Masons is a boring one and Brown made a big mistake of picking this as his focus point in his tale.<br/><br/>Personally a lot of times I felt there was similarities between this and the motion picture National Treasure, and to say the least National Treasure was way more entertaining than this, plus with a more enjoyable and satisfying conclusion...<br/><br/>Better try next time Mr Brown..
 First and foremost, if you have read either of the other two books in Dan Brown's "Langdon series", there should be no surprises concerning what you are purchasing.  "The Lost Symbol" is definitely not a bad book, but it is not one that you will keep on the bookshelf long after your first reading.  After finishing the book the first time, I almost read it again...not because it was entertaining, but because I forgot it almost the moment I sat it down...it was a very mindless read.<br/><br/>Regarding the plot, it does not possess the same charm that made "The Da Vinci Code" so appealing.  While a work of fiction, one of the most entertaining aspects of Brown's previous novel was that unless extremely knowledgeable on early Christian history, it was often easy to believe Brown's conjecture.  This is certainly not the case with "The Lost Symbol".  It's almost as if Brown got the idea from a bad Nicolas Cage movie and did all his research on Wikipedia.<br/><br/>Furthermore, the dialogue does nothing to help the weak plot.  It is unbelievable, at best, and often devolves into mindless monologues during extremely tense situations.<br/><br/>All this being said...let me reiterate that it was not a bad book.  I would, however, strongly suggest that you wait for it to be published in paperback or check it out from a public library, as it is definitely not a book that will be read mroe than once.  In fact, I donated my copy to the local library book drive just a week after reading.
 The Lost Symbol is like an action movie, if you don't think too hard about it, it takes you for a fun ride. The problem is when you start to look deeper, you realize Dan Brown doesn't necessarily know what he's writing (although his editor should have caught a lot of the details).<br/><br/>I'm no symbolist, but his lack of attention to detail in "real world" parts of the story is disappointing (especially since these don't add to the story).<br/><br/>"My trace route got blocked, is that even possible?" - traceroutes typically get blocked at some point.<br/><br/>"This IP has a funky format. It's written in a protocol that isn't even publicly available yet." - Then it's not an IP address, and the rest of the internet wouldn't know how to get to the IP.<br/><br/>Skids on a UH-60 Blackhawk. Blackhawks have wheels, not skids.<br/><br/>I'm sure there are a lot more examples, but after the failed computer speak, I tried to just enjoy the story.
 Each time I read Dan Brown's book (read them all) I want to go "on location" and follow the trail because his story is so richly describes the surroundings architecturally with other art historical information that it compels me to be part of it. At times it may get a bit tedious but in my view the kind of reader who loves his narrative appreciates even that because after completing his book one has gained a great deal of knowledge, almost like taking either an art history or philosophy college course. In this particular book the imaginative story is so intertwined with the core of Masonic exclusivity and the history of the Washington D.C. that it makes you feel like only now you grasped the hidden importance of this unique place we call the Capital of U.S.
 While I enjoyed the read, not as much as Angels and Demons and the Davinci Code.  This felt more forced.  I guess I'd summarize my take away as this was some interesting Factoids Dan Brown wanted to share (that were interesting to me) woven into a weak story vs. the other books that had a compelling fiction narrative that was supported and brought to life in part by the use of interesting information and different takes on factoids we already thought we knew.  I nice read, but nothing special.
 As usual Dan Brown brings mystery suspense and colorful characters to life. Well written and hard to put down.
 Having read all of Brown 's books that I know of, this book actually made me think more about possibilities in life.  As always,  it was well written,  but couldn't put it down even when I was sure but wrong about the ending.
 Really good book.  Not as good as DaVinci Code, but close.  He has so many interesting facts about art, history, geography and governments.  Superb author!
 I have read a few of Dan browns books and really enjoyed them. I wanted to so badly to like this book. It felt so long. It was like Dan Brown was trying to educate me instead of enterian me. I do not mind a little education in my book but this book took it way over the edge.<br/><br/>Spoiler alert **** There was a 30 pages death sence of Robert, who doesn't actually die. It was far to long especial went I know Robert is in the next book and doesn't actually die. I got to about the last 20 pages and couldn't finish it.
 I waited extremely impatiently for this book to be released, and when it was, I devoured it. It is typical Brown in that is is a super fast, enjoyable read. It is atypical in that it did not intellectually stimulate the way the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons did. Not only that, it actually seemed very repetitive and even a little (gasp) boring at times (for Dan Brown, that is). However, even with the predictable ending and the rather flat story line, it was still a fun read. Just don't go thinking you are getting into the next Angels and Demons or anything...<br/><br/>Hoping that the next time I can give Mr. Brown a 5 star review!
 Finally!  I finished reading "The Lost Symbol".  Somewhere between page 200 and 250, Brown found his stride.  The first half of the book read like a thesis.  In the end, the McGuffin might well have come from a sampler found in a convent.  At least from that point on, he took you on a typical Dan Brown ride with a surprise ending, which I might have seen coming if I weren't so tired of the preaching.<br/><br/>Also, I feel it was misnamed.  The only things lost were lives, and they were not searching for a symbol.  It might have been better named The Hidden Word or The Forgotten Word.  There were times when I felt I was reading a rip-off of the National Treasure movies, and other times it pained me to have to sit through another boring lecture.<br/><br/>Guess I just didn't like it!  Maybe the Masons will like it.
 The Lost Symbol reads as though it was written for a screenplay, and not the big screen, but a 30 minute television show.<br/><br/>Brown goes into great detail about the locations and how one gets from point A to point B, but does very little to build the characters in the novel.  His antagonist is a weak, insane sad case of a person, his protagonist is a puppet all through the novel, never taking a position on the white horse, but always being the pawn of other players.  The rolling of all of the events of the tale into a single night is incredulous.  The CIA Supervisor is a far less than believable character.<br/><br/>All in all, this was a disappointing follow up to the DaVinci Code.  It was a 30 minute story crammed into over 100 chapters of a book.
 This third book about Robert Langdon never stops pulling you in. Dan Brown makes you not want to stop reading as there are so many twists and turns that you don't see coming. If you have ever been to Washington DC, hearing about their famous sites history and picturing them in a new light makes you wonder and question. A wonderful book that has me ready to read the next one!
 i found about 20% of this book enjoyable. the other 80% was fluff, repetitive fluff at that. blah blah noetics blah blah symbolon blah blah masons...400 pages worth. i thought about putting it back on the shelf at page 300, but i pushed on...for what i'm not sure (the paragraph describing a huge, tattooed sex organ...that seemed unnecessary, since he already went to lengths about the castration. actually, a friend tricked me into it. he said he had to have someone to suffer with. jerk.) i was very excited about this book, and ended up dissapointed.  ...]. like i said, about 20% of the book was enjoyable, the rest, in my opinion, could be torn from the spine. this book had no chance of being on the level of the davinci code, or angels and demons (my favorite), and i didnt expect it to be. i only had the hope of an enjoyable, fast read. i never expected it to be a complete waste of my time.<br/><br/>i recommend against buying this book. borrow it, there will be no shortage of people willing to part with their copy.<br/><br/> ...]?<br/><br/>thanks.
 Initially I resisted reading this book, thinking it would have to be derivative and trashy, a literary equivalent of "National Treasure." But I couldn't be more wrong. It demonstrates oncemore Brown's unique skill for finding the exotic in the mundane, revealing Washington  D.C. as a Rome of hidden art treasures, which is fitting, since one of his many fascinating insights is that the city (per Brown) was actually intended to be a new Rome. Whatsmore, the book is a brilliant tour de force of amazing twists. Brown is an extraordinary gifted literary magician, misdirecting the reader over and over before leaning forward to pull the quarter out of his ear. I only anticipated his tricks once. Otherwise he fooled me again and again. I can't even remember being so totally taken in by a novel, ever.<br/><br/>While one might sneer at the "New Age" type of mysticism that runs through the book, Brown does a brilliant job of justifying it as not New Age at all, but in fact a uniquely American phenonema, perfectly fitting with his theme of Washington D.C. being a magical place, founded by men whose feet were as deeply rooted in the world of the occult as in the Bible.<br/><br/>And always, being written, by Brown, it reads like popcorn.<br/><br/>Enjoy!
 Plot/Storyline: 1 1/4 Stars<br/><br/>The plot was somewhat intriguing throughout the first three quarters of the book. As usual, Dan Brown managed to unearth and relate interesting historical facts and conspiracy theories. I did get a bit tired of hearing about how the poor Masons are so misunderstood, but other than that, it was a good group to feature.<br/><br/>Imagine you are watching a television show. A guy gets pushed out of an airplane and is plunging to his death; cut to commercial. After commercial, we go back to the falling guy, but wait! Suddenly, there is a flashback showing how he secretly put on a parachute just before getting on a plane. He's saved! However, you sit and wonder, "Wait a minute. I saw everything this guy did right on camera before this guy got on the plane. When did he have time to get a parachute?"<br/><br/>This entire novel is filled with this. The author doesn't want the reader to know or guess anything, so he backtracks continuously to fill in his plot holes.<br/><br/>There were some interesting facts embedded in the storyline. I enjoyed the portions where Langdon is having flashbacks and repeats classroom lectures.<br/><br/>There was a major plot hole involving the `bad guy.' I cannot go into much detail due to spoilers. Suffice it to say, there is a portion of the book told from his point of view early on that negates some revealed facts later.<br/><br/>The ending was excessively slow as the book goes on for several chapters after the action and danger are over. I also found the resolution to be simplistic and contrived.<br/><br/>Character Development: 3 Stars<br/><br/>I do not expect a whole lot of character development in a novel of this type. I expect just enough to justify actions.<br/><br/>He does fail in a spectacular way with the character of Peter. Throughout the novel, we are not given near enough insight to judge Peter. At the end, some characterization is tacked on, but it is a bit too little, too late.<br/><br/>Writing Style: 2 1/2 Stars<br/><br/>I have heard many people denigrate Mr. Brown's writing, but I have to disagree on all counts, save one, which I will explain below. Sure, his writing is rather simple with no flowers. However, this is an action novel. For the type of book, his writing style is exactly what is called for.<br/><br/>The only problem I have with Mr. Brown's writing style is still a large one. His suspense technique is forced and unnecessary.<br/><br/>Editing/Formatting: 4 3/4 Stars<br/><br/>Having spaces between the paragraphs was annoying because I read with my font set to "3." The extra spacing just causes more page turns.<br/><br/>Rating: PG-15 for Adult Situations, Sexual References &amp; Violence
 Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol continues the adventures of Robert Langdon, Harvard Professor of Symbology, a genius with an eidetic memory whose peculiar ability to interpret symbols lands him in hot water more often than his job description would lead you to suspect. This time around Langdon is summoned to Washington D.C. by an old friend, Peter Solomon, who asks him at the last minute to give a talk in the Capitol's Statuary Hall. Needless to say, the trip doesn't go as planned, and Langdon finds himself plunged into yet another crisis, this one brought on by a religious crazy with a thing for tattoos. Saving the world--or at least the United States--involves Langdon in a sort of treasure hunt that leads him to explore the Masonic underpinnings of the country and the Masonic imagery that decorates many of its monuments.<br/><br/>I've enjoyed Dan Brown's books in the past because they are--or have been--page-turners. The DaVinci Code, for example, starts with an exciting scene, as a killer chases the curator of the Louvre through the museum. Strangely--unfortunately--The Lost Symbol is very slow to get going. The action doesn't begin in earnest until about a third of the way in. Instead, there's a lot of exposition--Langdon explaining the significance of this or that symbol. When things do finally get moving the story moves quickly, though it's still periodically slowed by further explanatory passages. Similarly, the final ten percent or so of the book is extremely dull, the surviving characters blathering on about religion with the unwelcome fervor of evangelical door-knockers. This 50-odd pages of boring (mostly) dialogue is tacked on after the dramatic stuff is over, which is to say that it's close to completely unnecessary to the story. It's also hard to believe, after everything the characters have been through by this point, that they'd opt to tour some Washington landmarks and lecture one another about religion and science instead of going home to nap. This part really should have been cut.<br/><br/>A few other things bothered me about the book. In no particular order:<br/><br/>-- Inoue Sato, Director of the CIA's Office of Security, does not come off as a credible character. I also found it impossible not to picture her as the diminutive, accented seamstress in The Incredibles.<br/><br/>-- Particularly in the first third of the book, the prose is interrupted frequently by the characters' italicized thoughts. Used more sparingly, this would have been fine, but it's overdone, the must mundane of thoughts sometimes meriting this kind of attention:<br/><br/>"Langdon left his coffee half made and hurried toward his study to return the call.<br/><br/>"_I hope he's okay._"<br/><br/>-- In addition to threatening the lives of Langdon's friends, the chaos planned by this book's bad guy also threatens national security, as we're frequently told. Hence the involvement of the CIA. But while the impending crisis might indeed have serious repercussions, it somehow fails to terrify. It's rather like threatening someone with a really bad splinter that will eventually become infected and might result in the loss of a limb. Worrisome, to be sure, but it doesn't get one's attention the way, say, the threat of a gouged-out eyeball would.<br/><br/>-- For all his brilliance and his ability to make startling intellectual leaps, Langdon sometimes comes across as profoundly stubborn and rather slow. (I actually beat him in recognizing the meaning of one series of symbols near the book's end. This does not speak well for Robert.)<br/>-- It was inevitable that some drama or other would play out in the pitch dark of pod 5 of the Smithsonian Museum Support Center, where Katherine Solomon, Peter Solomon's sister, has her lab. I thus understand why things had to be left dark for dramatic reasons, but for the life of me I can't imagine otherwise why the woman never invested in a flashlight.<br/><br/>In short, a lot bothered me about the story, but the main problem is that it's a good hundred pages too long. Cut out the lectures so the book is action-packed right out of the gate and doesn't end with a whimper, and it would be a much better read, on a par with the author's earlier works.<br/><br/>-- Debra Hamel
 I've read Dan Brown's other books, and the Lost Symbol provides both the best and worst characteristics of his writing.<br/><br/>The Good:<br/>Brown clearly puts a great deal of effort into collecting mysterious buildings and artifacts which people walk past without giving another thought and imbues them with hidden meaning.  He then weaves them together into a single plot and slowly unravels it, giving the reader a feeling that he/she has somehow become enlightened about the world/city/church/whatever.  He apparently does considerable research, and this lends an air of credibility to the real-life portions of his novels, which he then stretches to cover the fictional plot.  This requires not only skill at presenting a tale, but creativity to weave all these parts together.<br/><br/>In doing this, he has a talent for making people want to learn more about the world around them, and this is a good effect to have.<br/><br/>The Bad:<br/>While it's a decent story to tell, the pacing of the telling was way off.  This leads to a long period in which it is hard for the reader to immerse in the story.  It just isn't a must-finish story for the first.... let's say half.  Then it gets more exciting, and then it somehow stalls out.  The reveal was disappointing for me, because it was so built up.  I don't have a problem with the overall resolution to the mysteries, but it just felt unworthy of the danger and energy which was poured into the mid-portion of the book.<br/><br/>The climax of the story felt rushed and confusing.  This is not unique to Brown, but when it happens, I can tell how I feel about a book if (as in the Lost Symbol) I do NOT go back to re-read how the story ended up at the confusing part.  I just didn't want to invest the effort in the explanation, and maybe the author felt that way writing it.<br/><br/>Motivations of some characters are needlessly hidden.  This appears to be so that at the end, Brown has more substance to reveal.  But I didn't have a "wow" moment for most of these, just a "oh, that makes some sense" feeling.<br/><br/>Additional note:<br/>It's nice to see a Dan Brown novel where the Catholic Church (or a sect of it) is not portrayed in a sinister light.  Wonder if the criticism got to Brown.  Either way, he's avoided alienating some people.<br/><br/>While it differs in terms of buildings, mysteries, and just about everything, the fact that it dealt with the founding of the nation must inevitably invoke the National Treasure movies.  That's too bad because Brown doesn't really deserve to start out with someone else's work in you head, but when a movie is as successful as that, it is very hard to avoid.  Also, the movie was more exciting, so readers may get to the end and be disappointed by comparison to the movies.<br/><br/>Overall, it was just OK.  Glad I read it, but wish I hadn't expected more.  Maybe he should have released it under a different name.
 AS I turned the last page - finally - all I could think was "Why did I buy this?".  We all know why; Dan Brown wrote The Da Vinci Code.  Despite all the carping about Brown's writing and the repeated denials of validity by those who care about such things, the theme was fascinating.  Sure, the book wandered around in church history, fighting off a very weird anti-protagonist, placing our hero in dire straits, and rescuing him.<br/><br/>But, it was fun to read, fun to imagine if it were true, fun to talk about with others.  The Lost Symbol has none of those "fun" qualities.  Readers don't buy Brown's books for aid in obtaining a doctorate; they're bought to enjoy reading.  Unfortunately, The Lost Symbol brings to the fore all of the lacunae in Brown's writing skills without a payoff in the end. Being preached at from the tallest spot in Washington for what seemed to be endless pages was NOT what I expected or wanted. You know the drill - seemingly wicked CIA official with the endless repetitions of her smoking, her size, her appearance, and her wickedness, admirable and intelligent hero but here there are two and one gets mangled for specious reasons, the last minute breakthroughs of Langdon's decoding skills,the miraculous resurrection plus the wooden dialogue tucked between historical travelogues and Biblical meanderings.  Masonic rituals?  Please.<br/><br/>When Langdon actually gives the "bad guy" what he wants, my wanting to believe or be interested in The Lost Symbol died. No one with a brain much less this "celebrated Harvard symbologist" would have done this.  No one with a brain would have kept saying or being told "He promised he would let Peter go" or "He gave his word" and ACTUALLY BELIEVING IT.  When the premise is super-knowledgeable and intelligent hero versus evil, if the hero isn't acting intelligently, the book dies.<br/><br/>To have multiple heroes/heroines do this is inane; other reviewers have given the examples such as Katherine's inviting the destroyer into the secret lab based on a faked text message.  If that weren't bad enough, she'd already stated that the sender did not know how to text message.<br/><br/>This book's page after page of the anti-hero's looking at himself and the descriptions of his tattooed body, descriptions of the inner tunnels and stairwells/stairs of Washington's buildings, repeated descriptions of the fine qualities of Peter's character, repeated digressions into mind over matter and the technology with which this is being "tested", repeated Biblical phrases and the nature of God - boring.<br/><br/>I kept reading and waiting - turned out to be waiting for the book to end.
 I'm a fan of Dan Brown, and have read all of his books.  I enjoyed the fast paced stories with very interesting twists, as well as a little history.  However, this book is missing many of the aspects that made his other novels enjoyable.  He repetitively made the characters look at something with "shock" and then cut to another scene.  The "twists" felt very forced, oddly timed, and not all that awe inspiring when explained.  In addition, the end became nothing but pages and pages of philosophical preaching about scripture, god, and man's interpretation, when all you really wanted was for it to end already.  Sorry Dan, but this one will make me very weary about buying one of the future novels.  Just didn't recapture the same exciting feel and flow that was melded so well togegther in his previous novels.  Overall.. a huge disappointment for me... even coming into this as a fan.
 This book is entertaining but an arduous read. Could have been shortened resulting in a much more appealing story. Read Origin instead.
 In The Lost Symbol, Dan Brown seems to have forgotten the essential fact of good fiction writing: Great novels are driven by characters, not ideas. The central players in this novel are flat, two-dimensional figures whose main purpose is to serve as mouthpieces for Brown's ideas. It's not that his ideas are bad (some are interesting, some are hackneyed); it's simply that too many scenes exist largely to shoehorn ideas and historical factoids into the work, all to the detriment of any real character development. By the end of the novel, my concern for Langdon and company was half-hearted, because as characters, they had taken such a backseat to the tidal wave of cosmological notions that Brown had offered up. By the book's end, even after the plot had been completely buttoned up, Brown couldn't resist a lengthy philosophical debate that seemed tiresome and gratuitous.<br/><br/>Finally, the novel is permeated by a howler: The CIA doesn't engage in domestic law enforcement, so the means and manner in which the agency participated in the plot was preposterous. Perhaps Brown chose the CIA over the FBI because he felt it had more literary mystique. The Lost Symbol is an example of a book which is intelligent, and sometimes clever, but rarely compelling.
 Another great read by Dan Brown. Very interesting and full of possibilities. Loved it!!
 I bought this for my husband at Christmas,<br/><br/>The good news;  He likes the book.<br/>The bad news:  He read it already a few years ago... and in order to return it I was required to pay over half of the purchase price in shipping.<br/><br/>So we kept it... to save money...<br/>but no one will read it...<br/><br/>hmmm... we have something else for the garage sale...<br/>and wasted money
 I purchased this book believing it would be as good as Angels &amp; Demons or The DA Vinci Code. I was wrong. For a Harvard Professor with a specialty in Sympolism Robert Langdon is becoming more &amp; more ignorant. He knows symbols yes, but in the book...he comes up with SO many "DUHH" moments that I was really thrown off. Especially since this book is set in our country's national capitol of Washington, D. C.<br/>The characterizations are good, a family's turmoil &amp; the security of our National Heritage are good themes, but there is no real cohesion, many of the chapters are short paragraphs, it reads as if it wasn't edited, there is so much going on that the book runs back &amp; forth between at LEAST 3 different parts of the story, and more at times. There IS tension between the extremely smart adversary &amp; the characters involved, we don't know if the CIA is with us or against us until near the last 1/4 of the book. Forget the D.C. police here, they're not in the same league as the adversary.<br/>The end before the very end is a shocker &amp; that saved the read for me. Two endings. Smart.<br/>If you like Conspiracy theories, Masonic rituals, symbolism, founding fathers philosophy, knowledge of the ancients..then maybe you'll enjoy this book. I just couldn't wrap my head around how bizarre the whole thing was and I'd really like a picture of how the adversary looked. The description was thorough, but he kept saying he is a work of art, an almost perfect symbol. Maybe the movie will show it....
 When I was a young man, my favorite music group was Jethro Tull.  Amazing that they still play, isn't it?  That's just an aside....<br/><br/>The real point is that their epic album "Thick As a Brick" - an LP length opus of one continuous song covering both sides was magnificent.  Amazing.  Novel.  I can still sing along to it from start to end 30 plus years later when I hear it.<br/><br/>Sadly, with the applause (and beaucoup bucks) ringing in their ears from "Thick As a Brick", Tull made the huge mistake of trying to do it again, churning out the forgettable album length creation "Passion Play".  I remember little of it, other than the fact that I was disappointed that they tried to follow up a unique creation by churning out a "part deux" effort.<br/><br/>Other than the Godfather II, I've never really seen anyone do that successfully.  And even then, Coppolla failed years later when he dragged us painfully through Godfather III, which proved that II was the exception to the general rule.<br/><br/>And so it is with our friend Dan Brown.<br/><br/>He's written a lot of books and I've found all of them tremendously entertaining.  I'd mark every one of them in my top 100 faves over the last 20 years or so.  They were all thoughtful and creative, yet until now, he generally followed a different path with each.<br/><br/>This, on the other hand, resembles Passion Play to me.  It will not be nearly as memorable as The Da Vinci Code.  It is formulaically almost identical, whereas his other books, may have had similarities, but were significantly different.<br/><br/>Clearly, he set out to churn out a "re-make" of the Da Vinci Code, simply substituting the Masons for the Catholic Church.<br/><br/>Oh, Brown is brilliant, and he brilliantly lays out the story.  Things that are surprising and enlightening are all over this book.  I'm glad that I learned a lot from it in an entertaining way.<br/><br/>But as the saying goes, I couldn't help but have this nagging feeling that "I'd seen this movie before".<br/><br/>It will sell a lot and make a lot of money in hardcover, paperback, electronic and movie revenue.<br/><br/>But Brown is capable of so much more - one wonders why he didn't have more confidence in himself to develop a completely different template, drawing upon his obvious intellect and tremedous research skills.<br/><br/>At the end of the day, this was a good read, I'm glad I read it, and if the Da Vinci Code had never appeared, I'd give it five stars and clap like there is no tomorrow.<br/><br/>So I commend this to people as a good read.  I'm just left with this strange sense that I came for a banquet and got meat loaf.
 Dan Brown does suspense pretty well.  Even as I was rolling my eyes at many of the absurdities or poorly researched parts of the book, it kept me turning the pages.  Just for that, this book gets a "good" rating.<br/><br/>As a quick aside, Robert Langdon is a terrible protagonist.  I feel no connection to him whatsoever.  When he does show brief glimmers of personality, he just seems elitist and stuffy.  In this book particularly, he is swept along entirely passively and one never gets the feeling he has any impact in driving the plot forward.<br/><br/>The dialogue was either ridiculously cliche or laboriously pedantic.  People just simply don't talk in real life as they talk in this book, which suggests to me that Brown was thinking more about the inevitable movie adaptation instead of just writing realistic dialogue.<br/><br/>The handling of the CIA was laughably bad, coming off more as a network serial handling of the intelligence community than anything reflecting real life.  Firstly, CIA agents don't wander into places broadcasting their affiliation.  Secondly, they don't use cell phones to talk about things of "the highest classification."  They don't threaten people with "CIA inquisitions" and they don't pull rank on Capitol Police.  Brown's mishandling of this just seems lazy.  If anything, FBI involvement would have been more appropriate, since they have some amount of domestic jurisdiction.<br/><br/>Finally, this book was largely just repackaged Ba'hai, which is essentially repackaged secular humanism.  There is nothing new or mysterious or powerful about the concept of man using himself as a foundation upon which to build, autonomous from God.  Only people entirely unfamiliar with the Bible or the Koran could say that "they both basically teach the same thing."  Contextually, literally, metaphorically and morally they do not teach the same thing whatsoever - they teach very different things about the world, God, and man's relationship to God - therefore winding up at very different intellectual end points.  The idea of synthesis of religions into one concept about God defies the first rule of logic (A cannot be non-A at the same time and in the same relationship) and is basically laughable.<br/><br/>That said, I still give this book 3 stars because Dan Brown is an excellent suspense writer.  He paces his books well and as long as you can just suspend your disbelief over some of the more egregious absurdities, it is an enjoyable book.
 I thought this was a great read. I love Dan Brown's books. Even though they are works of are fiction, they come across as being true and are, in fact, based on societies and organizations that are very real. There is constant eagerness to read what is happening, and a drive to continue reading through the end and not put the book down. He is an amazing author.
 After reading the first 100 pages, I thought for sure that I would give this novel a five star rating.  The plot hooked me early and I read through "The Lost Symbol" in less than a week (fast for me).  While the rest of Dan Brown's story was still entertaining, he wore me down with inaccuracies and repetitions.  One of the first that jumped out at me was that of Harvard professor Langdon translating "Jeova Sanctus Unus" as the "One True God."  Surely Langdon would know that his school's own motto is "Veritas," meaning "Truth," and that "True" would be a variation of that, not "Sanctus"/"Holy."  And, in addition to his usual distorted theological points, Brown riddles us with puzzles -- too often repeated and too many.  Poor Langdon gets bounced around in so many different directions, that it's hard to imagine him staying sane.<br/><br/>Even with its problems, however, "The Lost Symbol" fulfills its role as a smart and intriguing page-turner.  Brown's use of science caught my interest and whetted my appetite for more.  The only criticism I have of this aspect is that Brown used a scientific Deus ex Machina, "God out of a Machine," to rescue Langdon from certain death by drowning.  It's one thing to have Langdon pull a Houdini, but replicating amniotic fluid in place of water to save him is a bit of a stretch.<br/><br/>Also farfetched is Peter Solomon's resilience at the end when he escorts Landon down hundreds of stairs from top to bottom inside DC's most compelling landmark.  Considering both their ordeals, especially Solomon's, I can't imagine either of them being able to lift a finger, let alone traipse around Washington, DC.  Yet, in another way, I'm glad they did.  I got a tour of DC that I thoroughly enjoyed.  Certainly, this will make for a fascinating illustrated edition of "The Lost Symbol," as well as a cinematographer's dream movie.<br/><br/>This book I would rate more or less alongside "The DaVinci Code," but definitely below "Angels and Demons," "Deception Point," and even "Digital Fortress."  For example, Brown's use of Deus ex Machina to save David Becker in "Digital Fortress" is more believable.  "The Lost Symbol," with its somewhat nebulous ending, opens the door for a fourth novel of Langdon's adventures.  And Brown has the skills to improve considerably on this.  Fr. Dennis
 I have read several of Dan Brown's novels including The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons.  I have enjoyed his work in the past, and looked forward to reading this new book.  I downloaded the Kindle edition of The Lost Symbol within a few days of its release.  While I did read the whole book, the most I can say is that it is O-K.  I found if you take the first two books, use a different setting and a different secret organization, you will have The Lost Symbol.  This book makes me worry that Dan Brown is becoming a cookie cutter author intent not on writing good books, but on selling movie plots.  I did read to the end to find out what happened, but overall I was not terribly excited by the book.
 At the very core of Dan Brown intrigue is his ability to blend fact and fiction in a way not many others can do well.  He is exceptionally good at it.  He seems to have a formula - whether you love it or hate it.  The general plot revolves around Robert Langdon getting sucked into a world full of symbolic riddles in Washington DC that only he holds the key  to solve. There's a smart, beautiful (emotionally unavailable)woman unknowingly in the center of the excitment.  Also don't forget a disturbed person with unusual physical attributes, who gets the evil ball rolling. And that's Brown's basic formula: Langdon, woman, evil guy, and a couple of folks that could go either way -  all wraped in a symbolic package racing against a proverbial clock.<br/><br/>There is nothing wrong with the formula - it works well.  In fact it offers a fast paced adventure through DC via Masonic symbolism and secrets.  Langdon is exactly the same guy he was in previous installments (consistencey is great). Brown writes this like it's a screen play, which is fine with me, I enjoy the pace and cinematic details.  All and all it's entertaining and you do learn a little more about an under stated scientific study (Noetics) and symbolism.<br/><br/>It would be difficult to say that The Lost Symbol is as original as Da Vinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons--- but Brown has knack for this fact bending genre.  However it seems the Masons are a familiar target for movies, books &amp; general conspiract theories in the past several years.<br/><br/>On a side note, I read many other reviews -- why all the "haters"?  If you don't like Brown's fomula, then don't buy his books.  It looked like there was a race to see who could bash this book first.  No it's not high brow literature, I don't think anyone ever claimed that it was-- Brown writes for entertainment purposes.
 Diving into "The Lost Symbol" was much like jumping into the deep end of a murky swimming pool.  You're expecting it to be cool and refreshing, somewhat familiar, but... once you're down under, you realize that this is your neighbor's pool and though it's still a bit comforting, it's not exactly what you expected.<br/><br/>Welcome in the third book in the "DaVinci Code" trilogy.  Robert Langdon is a symbologist professor who is known world wide because of his efforts to save the Vatican City during the previous two books.  He is smart, funny, and really really cynical.  He usually has ties to very religious people, though is still able to separate himself from their beliefs and his own findings.  Langdon has remained true to his beliefs and experiences through "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels &amp; Demons".  In "The Lost Symbol", Langdon is duped into traveling last minute to a conference where he will be giving a speech on symbology at the capital of the USA for very important people.  Upon his arrival there, he quickly finds out that there is something terribly wrong.  The CIA is involved, as well as his dear friend's amputated hand- which lies in the middle of a very important conference room floor.  The chase is on and "The Lost Symbol" carries out the course of just over one day's time.<br/><br/>"The Lost Symbol" carried the same character ideas as "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels &amp; Demons", but it didn't follow the same criteria.  "The Lost Symbol" actually had LESS symbology in it than the other two in this trilogy.  "Symbol" also had a lot more of a religious lecture to it.  While the other two books felt like they were analysing in order to learn, this one was a bit preachy... especially nearing the end.<br/><br/>"Symbol" felt like a thriller, more than detective work.  While "DaVinci" and "Angels" kept me GLUED to my seat so that I could learn what the world meant, I could put "Symbol" down for DAYS and still not feel like I was missing anything important.<br/><br/>As a whole, instead of as the third book in a trilogy, "Symbol" was interesting.  It still dissects current day philosophy and pushes you to re-evaluate your thoughts.  It still has the enchanting characters that you absolutely hate the villan, love the heroine, and of course Langdon is always fun to watch (love cynicism).  Some of the story was a bit... much, though.  It turned into a bit of a murder mystery by the middle of the book and I was losing count of the bodies- none of the bodies were important characters, though.  As in "Angels", most everyone who died was special in some way.<br/><br/>Wait, I said I wasn't going to compare the three books.  But, it's hard NOT to.  I read the first two and was expecting the same formula and the same abilities.  "Symbol" was... entertaining, but... it was a bit of a let down.  Instead of non-fiction/ science fiction, I got thriller/ murder mystery-<br/> even a bit of "fantasy" to me. He starts talking about souls and spirits, etc]<br/><br/>"The Lost Symbol" is worth the read... just maybe at a discounted price... in softcover.  I can DEFINITELY wait on the $1 rental of this movie, if it ever comes out, rather than going to the theatre.
 By now, anyone who has read Brown's previous works knows Robert Langdon, who is back for his third round of esoteric adventure.  Ostensibly in Washington DC for a speaking engagement, he finds out that he's actually been lured there under false pretenses and that the person who supposedly invited him there has been kidnapped, and his hand has been left on the floor of the Capitol rotunda.  Langdon feels he has no choice but to get involved, and finds himself battling not only his friend's captor, but the CIA as well. Hmm.  The captor wants something that Langdon has, which will supposedly lead him to a secret pyramid in which lies the heart of the "Ancient Mysteries." There's a catch: the CIA doesn't want Langdon to cooperate and tries to thwart him at every turn.  Langdon, accompanied by the kidnap victim's scientist sister, goes on a merry chase around DC in an effort to save his friend.  So far, nothing new here in the Dan Brown formula.<br/><br/>He chases around for about  the first 300 or so pages, throwing around a lot of esoteric knowledge and taking the reader on a tour of  Washington DC's "mystical" architecture, then things settle down a bit so we get some back story to help understand and to put things in perspective before things begin to heat up once more.<br/><br/>I'll give him this much: Brown manages to throw a lot of arcane and esoteric knowledge and theory out there (which I always find interesting even if  I know a lot of it is just too unreal) and there is a definite plot twist I didn't see coming.  The short chapters act as mini-cliffhangers that made me want to continue reading until I could hear Langdon say something along the lines of  "aha! this all makes sense," which he does many times throughout the novel.<br/><br/>On the other hand, his writing is often repetitive, tedious, and clunky.  Characterization is obviously not his strong point, so frankly, I didn't care about the players involved.  But for me, the worst part was that after spending so much time on this book, I felt like I was robbed at the end.  Normally I can suspend disbelief, sit back and relax and enjoy books like this if the end pays off, making it worth the ride, but not this time.<br/><br/>I didn't particularly care that much for it, but this book has already sold in the millions of copies, so it all works out for the author, and there are many people who've reviewed the book and absolutely loved it.  So for that reason, I'd say that although I can't personally recommend it, people who are Dan Brown fans might want to give it a try and judge it for themselves.
 Brown clearly has mastered his technique of weaving arcane history with symbolism, and a fun, face paced story.  And he manages to do a great job of leaving his readers feel like they are themselves involved in solving the puzzles that Brown presents in his stories.  In many ways, this book is a worthy successor to his Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>It's just not quite as good.  This is in part because -- like his earlier work Deception Point -- he has his characters go through too many implausible scenarios.  In ways that his craft improved by simplifying the action in Da Vinci, he regressed by doing too much again in Lost Symbols.<br/><br/>Similarly (and I will not reveal any of the plot or resolution here), the "threat" that his lead characters were working to prevent seemed silly to the point of being non-threatening.  To be sure, it's revelation would have harmed a handful of people.  But it hardly rose to the level of damage as that which could have befallen the entire Catholic Church like the scenario laid out in Da Vinci.<br/><br/>So while I enjoyed this book almost as much as Da Vinci Code, it did not represent an improvement in his writing.  It's as if Brown had not learned or improved since his last book.  If anything, he regressed a bit.<br/><br/>Ah well, the book still has "film script" written between every line, and should do well in theaters (despite another lame performance by Tom Hanks).  And if it gets people interested in learning more about US History, then it deserve whatever praise it can get.  Even with some minor shortcomings, it's still an enjoyable read.
 For the genre it's a good book, not great but good.  I totally agree that the DaVinci Code is almost impossible to match.  Not to repeat others points of view...The problem I had was that it seemed the entire book was written, hopefully, for a movie script.  It would make a pretty good movie.  Maybe better than Angels and Demons which was lackluster.  The book plods along in places and the some of the scenarios are so impossible that you have to wonder.  What I totally admire is the research that goes into his books.  Very interesting.  But research doesn't always lead to a really great book.
 Many reviewers have been knocking The Lost Symbol because of various literary qualities.  And I'd have to say that most, if not all, of those assertions are true.  But to me, that's immaterial.  I like to think that I'm like most readers -- I read for the story, not necessarily the literary value.  Subsequently, I have equated The Lost Symbol with a Bruce Willis or Harrison Ford movie, for example.  That genre is seldom known for its supremely fine acting, character depth, cultural significance, etc.  But yet they make millions of dollars because people go see those movies for their entertainment value.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol, for those of us who read to simply enjoy a creative story, is a good, creative, fast-paced read.  The character development is decent -- enough to get a fair idea of who's who in the story -- even though some of the characters are a bit too stereotypical.  There is some predictability to it, but not a great deal.  In short, it is an entertaining book - which is all I'm really looking for, for my money.  One of the somewhat unique characteristics, however, is that it is written in real time, and that helps keep the story moving at a brisk pace.<br/><br/>My only knock would be that it is essentially The DaVinci Code but set in Washington, DC, with the Free Masons substituting for the Templars.  That, and it clearly seems that it is written in such a way as to be easily adaptable for a screenplay for future movie release (in fact, Wikipedia reports a tentative 2012 release for The Lost Symbol movie).<br/><br/>Bottom line?<br/>If you're looking for a literary masterpiece, this isn't it.<br/>If you're looking for a fast-paced, entertaining read and you enjoyed The DaVinci Code, then you'll like The Lost Symbol.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books and have liked all of them--until this one.  I got bored and so irritated that I didn't even finish the last 10 or so pages.  I kept thinking the book was finally over, but it just kept going on and on--and I just couldn't bear to read another word.  It started out okay, piqued my interest, but then disolved into more information than I ever wanted to know about the Masons and several of the character's endless interpretations of religion.  Don't waste your money on this one.
  ...]<br/><br/>First and foremost, here's the answer to the question everyone seems to want to know:  No, The Lost Symbol is not as good as The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Now, down to business: In the interest of full disclosure, I was predisposed not to like this book, because Dan Brown's writing irritates me. Still, I tried to give the book as much of a chance as possible. I know The Lost Symbol isn't War and Peace, so I tried it enjoy it for what it is: A best-selling thriller.<br/><br/>I did my best. I really did. I suspended disbelief. I ignored the obvious plot holes...the Architect of the Capitol doesn't have a key to the front door? I looked past the annoying italics peppered throughout EVERY page, which are supposed to reveal characters' dramatic inner thoughts, but really just jar you out of the narrative. I even ignored the false-drama cliffhangers at the end of each chapter. (But when a dumb cliffhanger and an italicized thought were combined, I couldn't help but laugh out loud -- eg. Katherine's destiny is to light this torch. Mine is to destroy it.) I really tried to enjoy it. I promise.<br/><br/>If you can get past all those faults, I suppose the story itself isn't terrible. Now-famous symbologist Robert Langdon speeds around Washington, D.C., deciphering encoded message after encoded message, hoping to save his friend Peter and stop a madman from revealing the Ancient Mysteries kept secret by the Masons for centuries. All the while, Langdon (and Brown) are constantly inserting little-known facts about various D.C. landmarks, as well as history, philosophy and religion. For instance, do you know the meaning of The Apotheosis of Washington (pictured above -- click on the image for a larger view), which is painted on the ceiling of the US Capitol dome? That explanation is at the heart of Brown's point for the novel, so I won't spoil it here. But even with all of Brown's historical hmmmms, it still didn't feel like The Lost Symbol delivered the same level of drama and intrigue as The Da Vinci Code. Maybe that's because I was more prepared to be skeptical this time, and I kept asking myself, "Is that really true?"<br/><br/>And that was the biggest problem for me -- I never trusted Brown to lead me through the story to a satisfying payoff. Trust is such an enormous part of the unwritten reader-writer contract -- trust that you are in safe hands and the set-up and rising action will ultimately lead to a denouement that makes the time spent getting there worthwhile. Because of the clunky plotting and cliched writing, I expected to be let down at the end, so I never fully invested myself in the story. And so there was never a moment when I put down the book and thought, "Wow, I'm really enjoying this novel."<br/><br/>That said, I have to admit, there IS a payoff at the end. A cool twist, as well as a fairly interesting lesson in philosophy make the last 100 pages or so pretty enjoyable. But I didn't even realize I was enjoying them until the book was over and I was once again rolling my eyes at the cheesy last line.
 I think this is the best Dan Brown Novel I have read so far. The Lost Symbol takes place in Washington DC and though the twists and turns of the book I found myself recalling all the well-described places I have been in DC and all the references bring the scenes to life. I could not put the book down and re-read parts of it just to make sure I got the highly achieved picture of the story. The book leaves you thinking and once again rooting for our hero, Robert Langdon.
 I think that if I hadn't read Mr Brown's other books with main character Robert Langdon I would have enjoyed this one much more.  The story felt very familiar and was quite predictable.  There were situations Langdon was put in that felt like they came out of previous books.  I will say there was one aspect at the end that surprised me but was that enough for me to take the time to read 500+ pages?  IDK.  All that being said I will probably continue to read his books but will more than likely be checking them out from the library instead of purchasing.
 Dan Brown has become one of my favorite authors with two novels:  "The Davinci Code" and "The Lost Symbol". Delving into the reasons and rituals behind secret societies, he reminds me of the ancient author Homer,("The Iliad" and "The Odyssey") whose unique blending of documented facts with his own improvised story line was one of the first to do so, and also served as some of the first literature I was exposed to.  I'm impressed with this captivating, flawless style, the weaving of highly intricate plot material into such readable language; the ease of tracking the names and characters because of the interest each of them instantly provides the reader; and obvious meticulous research of actual facts enhanced by the fictional characters.<br/><br/>Both of these excellent novels are intellectually stimulating as well as being intensely captivating. I decided to read them well after they were written simply because, during an intense resurrection of dormant-since-high-school-enthusiasm with American History and the forefathers, I became more intrigued by the subject of Free Masons after discovering just how many of the forefathers belonged to the society.  The limited research experience has changed almost every pre-conceived concept I held about them.  Their phrases and rituals are woven and used subconsciously throughout our own open societies, "giving the third degree", being just one example of the influence noted.  As you read, signs and symbols you never particularly dissected mentally before take on a whole new dimension.<br/><br/>In a quick summary that is not intended to do the topics justice,  the main character, Robert Langdon, is an educator extraordinaire who specializes in the history of secret societies, covert coding and symbols that date back to early recorded histories, where persecution for free thought - or thought unsanctioned - drove the people, who deviated from the mainstream underground - most of them possessing genius.  His research is widely respected and recognized as important, as is his common sense approach in the interpretation of it, making him a desirable contact when scholarly evaluation becomes necessary.  However, it "ain't easy bein' him",  he finds to his discomfiture - as he is thrust headlong into reliving the mysteries surrounding these secrets, their societies, and their symbolic structure.  Adding to the intrigue is the knowledge that most things seemingly are intertwined; across the ages, across cultures, protected by a chosen few who must prove their worth and their dedication.  This is the underlying thread for both of the novels.<br/><br/>Both books have extensive reviews already assigned to them and little more of actual use to a prospective reader can be given; but in highly recommending both of them,  I also  enthusiastically rate both of them five stars and would rate them higher if the choice were mine.  They are certainly out of the ordinary.
 There is a point when symbols are not enough to keep me interested and the willing suspension of disbelief is too difficult.  And I am frankly tired of Masonic plots.<br/><br/>I had just finished Inferno and was ready for another compelling read.  This was not it.  It became formulaic rather quickly.  Why not send Langdon off to Egypt where other intelligence services and secretive governments try and trip him up?
 I much prefer the first two. This one was too wordy. Too much explanation. And there were one or two science errors that were distracting.
 Exactly what you would expect from Brown: lots of interesting etymology, double-entrendres and word substitution grids in the plot, along with some wonderful kernels of interesting history, and cool little objects that are key to the story. The evil guy is truly twisted, and you get learn a lot more about historical tidbits of Washington DC.  But unfortunately, the plot twists were also downright Brownesque.  I caught every one of them about five pages before they were revealed. I'm not sure that's all bad, but the only thing I did not guess was the ending.  I guess there was one, sort of.<br/><br/>My wife happened to come home from a trip just as I was finishing the book, on my Kindle (which is difficult to guage exactly where you are in a book).  I told her that I had to just finish the last page,and I would be with her, little knowing that there were another FORTY pages or so, which really is just padding.<br/><br/>After reading that the lost "symbol" in question was "real" in about 85 different statements in the book, imagine my surprise when it was really metaphorical after all, at least in my judgment. Same ending as "The Celestine Prophecy."(Movie version) Disappointing, but I enjoyed the book's history and detail. There were two annoying things about the book. 1) repeated identical phrases/terms which could have easily been re-worded and caught by word check, and 2) Langdon clings sooooo annoyingly to his lack of faith.  "I can't believe, I can't believe," over and over and over until I just wanted to slap him.  He is surrounded by people who do believe and he is threated by a maniac who DOES believe.  Anybody as smart as Professor Langdon would stop crying like a baby about it and get on point: catching the villain.<br/><br/>The best part of the book was including the Noetics angle, which I enjoyed because I am a great fan of McTaggart's work, if not her ego. She'll sell another million reprints, no doubt.  It's fascinating stuff, and Brown does us a favor by bringing it to our collective attention.
 Well,  I'm I've been a big fan of Dan Brown's books, and this was no exception!  This book started out reminding me of the movie National Treasure, but then it went off in a completely different direction.  It kept me reading past my "bedtime", it was hard to put down.  I really enjoyed the last three chapters.  The two main characters, one is Robert Langdon,  have an intriguing discussion on a subject that I'm still pondering and wondering about, and probably will in the future.  Can't tell you what that subject is, that would ruin the book for you!  Read it!
 As it turned out, Dan Brown had squandered a golden opportunity to enthrall his readers with this much anticipated Robert Langdon novel. He also managed to mar his reputation as a serious writer and entertainer with the exceedingly bad characters, including Robert Langdon's, with which this book is rife. As much as I enjoyed reading Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code, I'm afraid Mr. Brown has "lost" me with this one.<br/><br/>With that said, I did enjoy some aspects of the book. I'll start with what I liked first.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is known to load up his books with a ton of research on the subjects in question (i.e. Vatican, Rome and Catholicism in Angels and Demons; Christianity, Paris, Jesus and Knights Templar in The Da Vinci Code) and this book is no exception. I really enjoyed reading about the Masons and their history and rituals. I also got to learn about Noetic Science, which I didn't realize existed prior to reading this book. Brown's descriptions of Washington D.C. and the Capitol were immersive and fascinating in the same measure.<br/><br/>But then we had to deal with characters and plot, which brings us to the portion of this review where I get to tell you what I didn't like about the book.<br/><br/>Aside from the fascinating research, everything else was one bad joke after another. The characters, especially Robert Langdon's, were vapid to put it lightly and sadly inconsequential. For the better half of the book, Langdon was inexplicably balking at concepts that a man with his experience (from Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code) would simply not have. Seriously, most of Robert Langdon's lines were a variation of, "yes, but that doesn't make sense" that's shortly thereafter followed by, "God, now it all makes sense."<br/><br/>And to add insult to injury, the plot was a mess. It was too predictable, weak and embarrassingly contrived.<br/><br/>I was really disheartened to see such cheap and amateurish work put out by a writer with such a huge platform. You may enjoy reading this book just for the research that's put into it. But if good character development and believable plots are important to you, The Lost Symbol will end up being lost time you wish you get back.
 Well, it was just OK. After such a long wait with all the hype of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0385504209/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a> I was hoping for more. The baddie is creepy, The subject matter is promising(There is a great Mason mystery out there to write), but the mystery is weak, and the last tenth of the book brown seemingly tries to reach for gravitas which is just not there. I'd probably skip this one. If you like his style read one of his earlier books like <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons-Movie-Tie-In-A-Novel/dp/1416580824/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons - Movie Tie-In: A Novel</a> or <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Deception-Point/dp/0743497465/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Deception Point</a>. Neither are fine literature, but they are better than this.
 Like Brown's other best-selling novels, The Lost Symbol promises an intense labyrinth of mystery and revelation mixed with historical macabre; on this point it delivers, but where the novel is lacking is in the even distribution of the suspension of disbelief. The last quarter of the novel is devoted to Brown making the storyline more believable while attempting to clarify any suspicions the reader may have about what they just read.  There are glimpses of excitement throughout the beginning and middle of the novel that suggest we are all potential Indigo Children, but those hopes are dashed when Brown never puts those devices into play, which suggests that he is trying to avoid conflict with opposing religious groups; I don't blame him; he received a lot of flak for his last two best-sellers.  The novel possesses an excellent beginning in true Dan Brown fashion while the ending makes you want to reread The Da Vinci Code to satisfy your lust for a quality mystery thriller.
 Obviously Dan Brown will never be able to top <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/1400079179/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a> but I was not expecting him to.  I wanted a good story with well researched history and symbology mixed in.  Well this book had this but they were not integrated well at all.  I am willing to bet that someone was hired to come up with the plot while Dan Brown plugged in the symbology.  The history about DC and the freemasons is interesting, but the story is truly bad.  Of course there is always some suspension of disbelief, but on several occasions I said out load "oh come on," because it was so ridiculous. Also its written to be turned into a movie.  The 3 page chapters reminded me of the commercial breaks on Lost.  This book was all about making money.  Its mildly entertaining and the history is mildly interesting, but beyond that there is not much there.
 Dan Brown books are always a good read because the pace is so fast.  This was not my favorite.  I thought there was way too much prose wasted on the details of Masonic lore which I found a little boring.  All in all I enjoyed it but could have done without the last 30 minutes or so.
 I liked it, but don't go into it expecting anything other than your standard Robert Langdon mystery. It moves a littler slower than some of the others, but still a fun, quick read.
 I love anything Dan Brown writes.  All of his novels are a great education on the subjects he writes about.
 Not as good as some of his earlier works. It was a quick read, nothing too spectacular about the story. It felt as if the model of his stories was one and the same. It was exciting in the first couple books, but now it is all too common. I think that Dan Brown needs to switch the story architecture he uses. It really is starting to feel recycled, this is saying a lot considering I have read all of his books and am really a fan with the exception of the last two.
 As with all Dan Brown books, The Lost Symbol pulls you in and you actually "live" the book!  Highly recommend all of Dan Brown's books!
 I’ve read a couple other Dan Brown books they flowed better and the action moved More easily than this one. Certainly it had Dan Brown’s gift for incredible detail and information and data. But the plant was just clunky and not very thrilling.
 I thoroughly enjoyed Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons", as well as his other two novels, so I was excited to read "The Lost Symbol".  While Brown weaves his mystery, intrigue, secret societies, symbols, and villains as expertly as ever, I think the novel was too long, with a lot of fillers.<br/><br/>Harvard symbology professor (by the way, there is no such position at Harvard) Robert Langdon returns to solve another mystery.  Langdon is invited to deliver a speech in Washington, D.C., at the Capitol.  Upon arriving, Langdon realizes that there is no speech to be given, and witnesses a shocking event that sends him running through D.C., sometimes with and sometimes away from, the CIA.  Robert's millionaire friend Peter Solomon has disappeared, and seems to be in the hands of a lunatic who calls himself "Ma'lakh".  Langdon also seems to believe that there is a government cover up of something, and Langdon does not know who to trust, apart from Solomon's sister Katherine, a scientist who is about to have a breakthrough in a new science of noetics.  However, she also seems to be a target, as her science seems to be dangerous.<br/><br/>Let me first say that Brown has not lost any of his story-telling charm.  However, "The Lost Symbol" does not even begin to approach the novels that made Brown a household name.  While we have the same protagonist and similar twists and turns, "The Lost Symbol" gets really slow at times.  It took me two days each to read "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons".  It took me two weeks to read "The Lost Symbol", as I often had to force myself to trudge through the middle of the novel, telling myself that it must get better.  Get better it does, but at the very end.  It seemed like Brown had a good idea, rested on his laurels, did a lot of research, then wrote a novel haphazardly.<br/><br/>All in all, I am quite disappointed with "The Lost Symbol".  While there is a lot of information in the novel about Freemasonry, as well as history behind the secret society, making me search further about the subjects, they were not well incorporated into the story line.  It almost seems that it would have been better if Brown wrote a history of Freemasonry, and not a mystery novel.  Recommended with caution.<br/><br/>*** This review also published on Epinions.
 Dan Brown has found a very successful formula, with these "Robert Langdon" books. On the one hand, there is the easy familiarity with a well-established character, on the other a challenging new adventure in a new context. The twists in the plot are there, many quite unexpected despite one watching out for them. The final outcome surprised me, which is very unusual!<br/><br/>This is a gripping yarn, likely to appeal to a wide audience. All of the required background is supplied within the story, and although some knowledge of the location would add richness to the reader's imagination, not having visited them would not undermine one's reading pleasure.
 Robert Langdon is challenged beyond his imagination of what is pain and suffering  beyond the human limit. He is resurrected and his beliefs life and<br/>faith are challenged.<br/>Dan brown is a master of subterfuge and slight of hand. most of the time I could not see it coming.<br/>His description of the Free Masons is as detailed as none other,<br/>Great read better than the Da Vinci Code by far.
 Well, I finished it but not because I was enjoying it, but because I kept thinking the next chapter would redeem it and I had 'hope' that it couldn't be this bad.  I agree with almost all reviews except the 3+ stars.  It started out entertaining, but started going downhill at about the 6th chapter.  Same words, same plot, same style of 'incredible', 'surprise', dumbfounded, stupid efforts to try to be exciting chapter after chapter and falling short.  Maddening at the attempts and writing. I had the two 'big' surprises or should I say 'secrets' figured out about half way through but couldn't believe that it would be that simplistic, so I kept going.  Yep, it was exactly what I thought. I knew who the evil villain was, and what the secret was that was hidden for centuries.  Not that I don't agree with the last few pages of 'insight' about 'The Word', as I've studied much on New Thought and energy healing, but how it was wovening and explained in the book as this being a brand new idea and a secret that was too dangerous to tell the 'common man' and it was not even explained very well at that.  And the idea that the terrible national security threat was an expose' on the Mansons.  Give me a break!<br/>Don't buy it.  Buy DeVinci Code it was worth the read, but this is not worth the paper used or the film if a movie is stupidly going to be made.<br/>Tom Hanks Don't Do it!
 Great Dan Brown book. Never disappointed. I always feel smarter after reading one of his books.
 Another great read from Brown!  If you liked the DaVinci Code, this book is for you.  It takes place in Washington, DC, and has a great deal of historical references.  The only part of the story that wasn't believable was the reference to the Washington Redskins playoff game that was happening at the beginning of the book...that, sadly, is pure fiction.
 I would say this really is Dan Brown's best novel.<br/>It kept me guessing all the way through and was very well done. he is a master of the 'fast moving' book that you just can't put down.<br/>My favorite part was when he 'killed off' Robert - never saw that coming!<br/>Loved all the info on the Masons
 Keeping the rhythm of symbology as the connecting element of ancient wisdom, stop telling and prophecy, the skills of Robert Langdon are again tested to discover a path back to which we all really know exits, but shine a new path to get there. Well written, captivating and suspenseful.
 As always with Brown you learn something new and you learn to look at what you think you know in a different way
 Seriously.... Either I'm getting more discerning in my reading tastes or Brown is getting lazy.<br/><br/>A better, nay, far superior mystery/thriller series:  the Millennium series by Stieg Larsson.  The Millennium books are much better than Brown's Robert Langdon trilogy at building tension, teasing the reader and dropping subtle hints to challenge the reader to anticipate the final confrontation and decipher the whole story ahead of the protagonists. A truly delightful reading experience. Near the end of each Millennium book, I read voraciously, faster and faster, even as I mourned its approach.<br/><br/>Reading both series, I dog-eared, underlined and scratched notes in the margin  (but now with Kindle, I just highlight the hell out of the text - LOVE IT).  I soon found with The Lost Symbol, it was more of a chore: "ye gads! another Latin phrase, old painting or architectural detail to mark down."  Oh, and still another false cliffhanger!" Very soon, reading the Lost Symbol felt like it was a long drawn out slough to the finish.  I kept checking my % read bar at the bottom of the page... argh!  only 65% finished?!<br/><br/>Lastly, Brown needs to find alternative descriptions in his next book for:<br/><br/>men held powerful stations in life<br/>his powerful chest was emblazoned<br/>whose quiet manner belied his powerful heritage<br/>powerful minds who adorned their new capital with Masonic...<br/>concealed powerful secrets<br/>Masonry is a powerful organization<br/>not sure how powerful the Masons really were<br/>the powerfully built blond man<br/>symbolized a powerful call to action<br/>Langdon felt powerful arms pulling him up<br/>a powerful urge to turn and run away<br/>powerful people want to steal it from me<br/>instantly a powerful arm was wrapped around her torso, pinning her<br/>his powerful hands clasped her head tighter<br/>but the powerful hands did not budge<br/><br/>All the above are direct quotes appearing before the 32% mark in the novel.  I am not exaggerating.  There are more... too many more to list - 224 variations of "power" to be exact (according to my Kindle text/word search results).  Perhaps I'm not being fair. The book I read just before Lost Symbol was another Dan Brown novel - Deception Point. After about 101 similar hackneyed uses of "power" or its derivatives, (I don't use that word lightly here!) I was already feeling testy. The paper edition of Lost Symbol is 656 pages; that's one "power" or a derivative every 2.9 pages.  That there's some powerful imagery!<br/><br/>Nevertheless I read the whole thing.  Like the characters in the old TV advertizements; I need an Alka Seltzer.
 I love this book especially the end<br/>A wonderful story of hope for mankind<br/>I myself have had thoughts along these lines all my life<br/>Very well done
 I discovered Dan Brown long before The Da Vinci Code became the enormous hit that it became. I've read everything he's put out, &amp; I think his best has been Angels &amp; Demons. That said, The Lost Symbol is simply a weak story with a lame ending that a novice can see coming from a mile away. In many ways, I feel Dan Brown is a victim of his own success...The Da Vinci Code hits huge &amp; there become a bunch of copy cats, to include the National Treasure film. My biggest problem with this book came when I realized it felt like I was watching <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Bones-The-Complete-Third-Season/dp/B001992NWO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bones: The Complete Third Season</a>, which involves murder, a secret society, &amp; the grid the city was built on. Even one of the lines in the book and Bones are exactly the same, which took me out of the book entirely.<br/><br/>Even though this is not Dan Brown's sophomore book, it feels like it is. This is a difficult genre to reinvent every time he writes, so I imagine the stories will continue to go downhill. I would advise to skip this book. If you need a Dan Brown fix, read <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-and-Demons-Robert-Langdon-s-First-Adventure/dp/B002CF0GP0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels and Demons (Robert Langdon's First Adventure)</a> . In my opinion, this is the only book that actually has a surprise &amp; thrilling ending.
 This is my second order.......read all of them, really really knowledgeable........I learned so much, if ONLY I could retain it!
 It seemed unreasonably strung out. Too many plot details were more like a romance novel. Why would a brilliant Noetic scientist be fooled by such a simple trick? How would a Mickey  Mouse watch survive immersion? Many characters seemingly thrown in to advance Dan Browns lectures about Masons, ancient mysteries, God and the Bible.
 Angels and Demons - audacious and suspenseful. Da Vinci Code, decent follow up. Lost Symbol; BORING. I am not caring about the characters, I am not caring about the plot, I am not caring about the resolution. Worst part of book: bad guy has Langdon in his clutches, gets a key piece of info from him, and then TURNS TO LOGIN TO HIS PC. Like, sure wait a sec I just wanna check Twitter a minute, and post your pic on Facebook, there, I'm done. All action and suspense drains down the tubes at that point.<br/>Ok, I vented. I bought it, I listened to i, now to eBay.
 I adore all of Dan Brown's novels.His mixture of history, reality, and "It could happen" style of forging a tale is a joy!
 With the Lost Symbol, Dan Brown has moved into the horror genre, which isn't my bag. I love adventure, suspense, action, but not horror.  Loved the Da Vinci Code.  With Angels and Demons, Mr. Brown was flirting with horror, certainly a bit of gore, but there's no doubt about it now.  He's become a horror novelist.  I wanted to finish the book before the movie came out.  The Da Vinci Code movie was surprisingly faithful to the book, more than most movies are.  I enjoy reading the book first.  But I won't be going to this movie if it's made, as much as I like Tom Hanks.  I do not want to see on the big screen some of the scenes in this book.  If you are into horror, you will probably enjoy this book.  Would be nice if Mr. Brown would give some credit to those researchers that benefit him so much; in this case, William Henry.
 Michael Dunlang had a hunch. The unquestionably brilliant literary professor usually didn't bother with Barnes and Noble, preferring the superior and arcane selections of Amazon, but if nothing else, he could enjoy a cappuccino with the masses at Starbucks.<br/>Suddenly, Dunlang spied an endcap and froze in his tracks.<br/><br/> ITALIC] My God! It's the new Dan Brown novel!  End ITALIC]<br/><br/>Dunlang knew that hidden within the book was the secret to the universe. Five years of seclusion had brought it all together. Only the most intelligent mind would be able to unravel it. Fortunately, tweed-jacketed Dunlang had such a mind.<br/><br/> ITALIC] Look at them. They have no idea what's in here.  End ITALIC]<br/><br/>Dunlang grabbed a newspaper from the newsstand and nonchalantly grabbed the novel, quickly wrapping it in the newspaper. He didn't want to be recognized as he excitedly sat down at a corner chair.<br/><br/> ITALIC] Soon, all be revealed.  End ITALIC]<br/><br/>Dunlang, of course, knew the code rested in the italicized text. It was the keystone to an unbelievably powerful technology.<br/><br/> ITALIC] The power to read minds. Imagine if this fell into the wrong hands!  End ITALIC]
 Robert is again deep in symbolism... do you need any more to get the picture?
 It got a little slow at time. Believable! Need to remember it is  fiction.
 This is an example of what happens when a writer gets too famous, and the publishers will publish anything no matter how bad.  While the book takes place over 12 hours, reading it drags on and on.  I read and read page after page, only to realize a handful of minutes have passed in the story.  I checked it out of the library and never finished it.  I found a handful of pages that moved fast followed by dozens of pages that dragged on and on, filled with boring exposition.  When he pulled 1529 ad out of thin air, with logical way of reaching that figure, I put the book down and never picked it up again.<br/><br/>I just noticed that the Kindle version has Text to Speech disabled.  Another failure in my opinion.  Just shows that Dan Brown as greedy by refusing to sell a complete Kindle version.  Text-to-speech is not an audio version, it is a version spoken by a monotone mechanical voice (with no vocal variety or inflection) that makes that book available to the legally blind.  The fact that Dan Brown and Doubleday have chose to disable it, screams discrimination.  However, the blind should feel lucky not suffering through such a boring novel.<br/><br/>Publishers have got to learn that to publish junk turns faithful readers into lost customers.  In the past, I would have picked up any book by Dan Brown.  Unfortunately, I'm not looking forward to Dan Brown's next book.  The Lost Symbol has turned me into The Lost Customer for Doubleday.
 I don't have much more to add to what others have already said.  "Lost Symbol" was terrible and I definitely recommend that if you really feel the need to read it, you wait until most of our copies show up for sale at a used book store.  As another reviewer said, it was a page turner but for all the wrong reasons.  The only reason I could get through it was because I started to play "point out the errors" and "who is the least likable and believable character".  From the beginning, I was set on edge because of the the locational inaccuracies and errors and (without writing spoilers for people who've not yet read the book) the powers ascribed to specific government organizations.  Has Dan Brown ever bothered to come to D.C.?  Anyone with a computer and google can figure out how long it takes to get from Dulles Airport to where Robert Langdon heads next and which organization is responsible for what.  Dan Brown was sloppy and should have done better research. This book reads like he's been so absorbed soaking up fame and fortune with DaVinci Code that he missed his deadline and then wrote most of Lost Symbol one drunken weekend.  While I didn't think DaVinci Code was incredibly well written, Brown showed us then that he was exceptionally creative and a master story teller.  I think so many of us have been waiting for Lost Symbol, just knowing the story and plot were going to be masterfully crafted.  What a waste of time and money!  Dan Brown owes me $16 and a few hours of my life that I won't get back!
 My review and discussion is extremely brief. I have read all of Dan Brown's books. Most were entertaining. This book was simply poorly written, badly edited, cookie cutter characters, and probably worst of all: BORING! I should have stopped half way through and pitched in the trash, but I finished it so see if there was any redeeming quality that would appear late in this dull, repetitive, BORING, book that actually makes videos of Masonic rituals appear to be a possible national security threat. Please. What foolishness. When I am three quarters of the way through a book and the characterization is so thin I can't visualize anyone, or suspend belief at any point, that is a really bad book. I am not that hard to satisfy or entertain. Save your money.
 Read this book BEFORE you go to Washington, D.C.  Brown once again brings mystery, science and travel together for an exciting book.  I have become addicted to this style of novel writing but. once again, I must say that an individual's knowledge of history and mythology as well as theology in some cases only enhances their appreciation of this writer's skill.
 This book is almost embarrassing to read!  The villainy is so cartoony, its almost like Dr. Evil in Austin Powers.  Instead of actually using writing to express emotion, the characters, every single one of them, talk with a double exclamation point or a "!?"  Are you kidding me?!  What kind of writing is that? I get the feeling the author fancies himself as the main character, as he describes him wearing exactly what Dan Brown wears in author photos. The story is okay- too bad its not executed very well. The bad writing is just distracting.
 With Dan Brown's writing there is no finesse, subtleness, or creativity in revealing the plot lines/secrets. Dan Brown is like an Arnold Schwarzenegger Terminator rather than a Richard Attenborough's Cry Freedom.<br/><br/>Yet, like a Schwarzenegger movie, Brown is a good story teller and it is difficult not to enjoy his novels. Of course his views on Christianity and the Bible is ludicrous but they are now quite irrelevant. In fact in this book Brown simply blends in with the general view of our culture regarding Christianity and the Bible. He is obsessed with the world of suppressed secrets and religious freedom - freedom to have any belief and still be credible. The Lost Symbol focuses upon the Freemason's and the search for the pyramid which will lead to a Masonic `map' which in turn leads to the revelation of the all powerful `word'.  Washington DC is the  center of this plot. A city riddled with secret meanings. The main `bad' guy is Mal'akh, a man who is intent upon discovering this all powerful `word' and thus be given power beyond belief. He is violent, angry, clever and ruthless in his quest. Robert Langdon is drawn into the plot deceptively, as is the CIA.<br/><br/>I will not give away any plot spoilers, so you will have to decide whether or not to buy the book or borrow the book, and read it for yourself. Is it a profitable thing to spend a day or so reading this book? I am not sure. It depends if you refer an Arnold Schwarzenegger or a Richard Attenborough classic.
 What should I say?<br/><br/>I'm a great fan of Dan Browns earlier books "The Da Vinci Code" or "Demons &amp; Angels". After the long break and the long delay of his new novel, I was very excited to get a copy.<br/><br/>The beginning was very promising, but the longer I read the more disappointed I got. I'm wondering what this book was all about? What happened in this more than 500 pages? In my opinion, really not much. The story was boring. You can read about the Freemasons or the Ancient Mysteries or the Lost Word, the Apotheosis of Washington, the Masonic Pyramid etc. But what's the hype of all this? Are those topics really so famous? I'm sorry, but before this book, I have never heard anything about any Freemasons. So it was a book which covered broadly unknown topics to most people.<br/><br/>Another bad idea was, that the story took place in Washington or below the Washington Monument. The Washington Monument for example was built around 1850. That's really not very old, at least if you compare it with Rome for example, where his former books took place. But in the story, you can read about "the man's most advanced intentions and man's most ancient ideas". It seems that the origin of all this was buried below the Washington Monument.<br/><br/>I was also not very glad about the chosen words. You can always read about "the most....of all....", "the most ancient ... of mankind...", "the most terrifying view of all", etc....<br/><br/>And when I thought that everything was told and the story will be over in a minute, Katherine came forward with a really "astonishing remark": "There's something important I want to tell you, Robert. There's another piece to all this... a piece that I believe is the single most astonishing aspect of my research." (REMARK: You see, one of the many exaggerations in the book...). All I thought at that moment was exactly what Robert Langdon answered in the book: "There's more?"<br/><br/>The whole book, I waited for something special to happen. But suddenly, I was at page 500 and nothing really special happened.<br/><br/>I'm sorry, but the next time, I will at first read many reviews before buying another book of Dan Brown!<br/><br/>My only conclusion to this book is: Waste of money and waste of time!!!
 Yay, I finished The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown!<br/><br/>What a 500 page adventure this was too.  Yes, the story is a bit formulaic as it runs about the same as The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons:  Robert Langdon is called over to some place, goes through some adventure that coincidentally is helped by his extreme knowledge of symbology and occult knowledge; he meets a beautiful but unobtainable woman; and finally we resolve the issues at hand.<br/><br/>I really enjoyed the concept of "Noetic Science" as Brown calls it -- the attempt to marry science and religion as, per the novel, they're attempting the same thing -- the ultimate attainment of Man as god -- "do you not know that ye are gods?"<br/><br/>Peter Solomon, Mason master, brings to the 33rd level a guy plays a pivotal role in Peter's life.  In fact, he already had!<br/><br/>As in past Brown novels, the bad guy is truly a nut -- but a nut with an interesting psychosis that actually could achieve his ends.  Mal'akh is his name; he had money, power and women of his choice, but relinquished his fortune for the taste of ultimate power.  A power that only Robert Langdon could afford him.<br/><br/>Brown ratchets up the action with Peter's scientific sister Katherine, who has a lab that contains the Noetic science stuff.  Not really explained is why the vault it is in needs to be in total darkness.  And the constant flashbacks which turn into basically lecture notes on Masonic legends was a bit annoying.<br/><br/>The whole CIA angle was well-played, though the unlikeable CIA operative Sato was a bit much.  The cigarette-smoking, tough gal who clearly had a problem with making her thoughts known and just like a grouchy parent: "Do as you're told!"  No wonder she garnered little cooperation from our crew (at first).<br/><br/>Be that as it may, I really enjoyed the ending of Mal'akh, the discovery of his true identity, the near-death experience of our main character and the final discovery of The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>Despite what other reviewers say, I liked the cinematic style of the book -- this could easily be made into a film.  Tom Hanks, are you available?<br/><br/>Clearly this book will rekindle some interest in the stately buildings of our nation's Capitol area as well as getting readers to check out the Bible in a new and different vision.<br/><br/>Although the weakest of the Langdon trilogy (to me!), it yet was an enjoyable read.<br/><br/>Other Dan Brown Books:<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons-Robert-Langdon-Hardcover/dp/B0032BION4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons (Robert Langdon) (Hardcover)</a>
 Taking true history into a mystery...masterful.  You can’t put the book down.  Take notes research points.  Very enlightening. A must to read
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books so far.  I like them all.  Like the others, this one is an easy and enjoyable book to read.  His writing flows nicely and is descriptive enough for me to paint good pictures of the locations in my head even though I have never been there.  After seeing the movie of Angles and Demons the sets were just as I pictured them.<br/><br/>I say forget about all the people who try to analyze the books or get up in arms about the religious implications.  This, and his other books, are just good stories and are fun to read.
 Browns books are always super.  The story line keeps you coming back for more and I love all the real information you can gather in his stories. I have fun and learn something!
 I read one other book of Brown's and I thought this would be similar but I couldn't wade thru the detail easily and probably wasn't interested enough to work at it.  It was like reading an article in Mother Jones. Too much detail that did not move the story along, just cluttered it up.  I need hard evidence to  accept/believe and this was just not reasonable enough for me. I finished it tho and will read another of Brown's books. One more and then decide how I rate his talent.
 Dan Brown delivers another winner.  Might not be as good as the two previous Robert Langdon books, but still a good read.
 I anxiously awaited the new Dan Brown book, the Lost Symbol. It was a bit slow to start off. Once you get into the middle of the book it became very apparent that this book was written with the thoughts of being made into a movie. In The DaVinci Code the book had depth and believability, and a great amount of information. The information allowed you to use your own imagination, leading some to investigate more on the topic.It left you thinking could there be some truth to it. In the Lost Symbol there was nothing left to wonder, no sense of depth to the concept. Once I got to the end I was disappointed and felt let down, there was no pondering over the book and its contents. I must say this was nice to read but not on the level of the DaVinci Code.
 I enjoy Dan Brown because he is, generally, a mental escape from my "work reading" and such.  His formulae is consistant and predictable, but generally veiled better than in The Lost Symbol.  Over half of the book replayed the same scene from a different character's perspective, adding tidbits and subplots throughout.  The pace of advancement for the storyline seemed lacking; so much so that I began counting down chapters to the end.  The large plot twist was predicted by me to my husband within the first 40 chapters (there are 132).  The book is sub-par for Brown, but if you need to read something to keep your mind of your flight's three hour weather delay, it will do nicely.
 Good book, exciting reed. I’m in the middle of it now. I like it....
 It’s a good book. It’s not great. I felt like information was repeated multiple times when it didn’t need to be.
 Boring, not so many interesting facts to base this new novel on but instead it revolves around the same few ones over and over againg (they are just worded on different ways many times). And Robert Langdom is not longer the smart, clever and eager-to-solve-puzzles kind of hero he used to be, as a matter of fact he seems more concern on doubting himself than on providing answers letting others play his roll. Definetely a good read for the weekend if you do not expect D. Brown to top Angels and Demons or The DaVinci Code with this one. It will take the author more research and a more dynamic story line to come up with a better book.
 The Lost Symbol is a fun read - typical Dan Brown.  Assuming you've read Brown's other books, this one is no different in that the story grabs you from the beginning and quickly has you turning page, after page, after page.  What's always enjoyable is Brown's way of weaving truth and fiction together and this book has plenty of this.  Personally, and despite that I'm absolutely not an historian, it's easy to let your imagination wander with the imagery in the Lost Symbol.  The level of detail and reference to actual high profile landmarks is one of the most exciting elements of this book.<br/><br/>I will say at times the book does get a bit slow but that should be expected with any good piece of entertainment - it will have highs and lows.  Towards the end of the book, a few good surprises are thrown at you which you may or may not see coming - I definitely did not.<br/><br/>I truly didn't have any expectations coming into the book which I think was beneficial.  As often happens, when you have high (or low) expectations, they always never seem to live up to that standard.  Overall though, the book has all of the right elements, the characters are, as usual, fascinating and developed and the plot is palatable.  I gave it four stars because I liked the book, as three stars is "just ok" (at least according to Amazon standards).<br/><br/>Keep an open mind as with any Dan Brown book, let your imagination run and you'll enjoy the piece.
 I enjoy Dan Brown's books.  They're full of interesting historical facts, although sometimes I wonder which facts are real and which are fiction. But, it does inspire me to learn more about things that he writes about. This book starts out very good and builds to a climax about three-quarters of the way through it.  But then it just settles back down, and the rest of the book seems to bog down with drawn-out conversations, and never builds to what I consider a satisfying end. This book was okay, but my very favorite book of Mr. Brown's is Angels and Demons, followed closely by Deception Point.
 I've read most of Dan Brown's novels but I don't consider myself a big fan.  He is a pretty good story-teller though his novels are a bit contrived.  This was his worst effort by far in my opinion.<br/><br/>I figured out the secret location everyone was frantically searching for pretty much at the beginning of the book, the first time the phrase "a staircase under a rock" was mentioned.  Then I had to read hundreds more pages before I could say, "See, I told you so".  The great secret that could rock the order of the world, and the masons vehemently protected, willing even to die or sacrifice their brothers was more than a let down:  it was a rip-off.  Dan Brown insults every reader's intelligence by not delivering after such a huge buildup.<br/><br/>Ernest Hemingway once used bullfighting as a metaphor for writing.  He noted that some matadors dramatically roll their capes, accentuating their movements, though never getting close to the bull.  The good matadors don't need to exaggerate their movements.  In this novel, Dan Brown is waving his cape all over the place though no bull is ever dangerously close to him (unless we count B.S.).  The characters in this book constantly have their jaws drop open in utter amazement over the most banal revelations. There are "unbelievable secrets" that hardly raise the reader's eyebrow, and historical and religious references that just prove annoying after a little while.  To worsen matters, the writing becomes tiresome at times.  I don't know how many times Brown uses the adjective, "expansive".  There are expansive lawns, expansive roofs, expansive parking lots.....PICK ANOTHER DAMN ADJECTIVE ALREADY!<br/><br/>The worst part is the incredible enthusiasm with which Brown embraces all kinds of pseudo-scientific mumbo-jumbo, from astral projection to remote viewing; from near-death experiences to weighing a person's soul at the moment of death.  It's as if he read the book, "The Secret" and actually believes that crap.  Which makes me wonder, is Dan Brown related to Sylvia Brown?
 Like most of the literate public, I cheered and eagerly awaited Mr. Brown latest effort.  I love The Da Vinci Code and had read it in first printing.  The movie was absolutely awful, which took much of the glow off the book.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol simply stinks.  I read it all out of an ill-considered optimism.  It still stank.<br/><br/>I will not likely buy his books in the future.  If I hadn't pre-ordered it, after reading Maureen Dowd's review in the NYTRB, I probably could have saved $20.<br/><br/>"A must to avoid".
 I disagree with the first two reviewers; this IS a bad book.  The characters aren't fully realized, the plotting is bumpy and dull, the scenery could be wonderful- Washington, D.C. is a beautiful and vibrant city- but it's dull and narrowed.<br/><br/> If you don't know who Robert Langdon is before you read this book, you won't know when you're finished either.  This read, to me, like the screenplay for the movie the author knows will be made and so he will let the director tell the story.  It also reads like an apology to the Church as well as to Masons for any dismay he may have caused them from past books.<br/><br/>It really IS a bad book.
 Another great read!
 I am no book expert and easily entertained.  I don't read books like this to be educated or enlightened.  My 3 star rating to me means I have no regrets having read it as through a good part book I was engaged.  I saw someone say it was only a third of the book was fast paced, I would give it half the book but that can be said for a lot of books I think.  If the Da Vinci code is a 5 star, then I think a 3 star for this book is fair (I would also give A&amp;D a 4).  If another Dan Brown book is in the works I know I will buy it.
 Dan Brown is an impressive researcher. Reading The Lost Symbol was educational as well as entertaining.<br/>  However, although the personal story moves the book along, I am not satisfied that I know his characters well by the end of the book. Actually, I thought these characters, including the recurring Robert, were a bit two-dimensional as they were in The DaVinci Code. Even with a startling twist that occurs in this book, they did not come to life for me. A little too much telling and not enough showing how they react.<br/>  My four stars are based on the interesting revelations about Masonry and the passion that drives so many members of the fraternity and the descriptive passages about places we've all heard about. I can't wait to see the movie.<br/>  Now that he's taken on the Church and Masonry, I wonder what's next.
 Sadly not to par with his previous work. I found it very predictable and increasingly repetitive. The idea and premise are good and the book (in my opinion) could be great if only ahorter
 Love Dan Brown &amp; book was in great condition. Would order from this vendor again. Thank you.
 Once again the combination of an encyclopedic knowledge of symbols and some interesting snippets of quantum physics woven into a compelling story that captivates the reader .<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/B000FBJFSM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a><br/><br/>A new Author doing interesting work E.E.Borton<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Without/dp/B008OLD5DG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Without</a><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Suffer/dp/B0064NK962/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Suffer</a><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Abomination/dp/B005Q2N4NC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Abomination</a>
 Dan Brown's, The Lost Symbol reads as fast as any of his previous pageturners.  However, despite the mystery and suspense, the reader may become bogged down in trying to absorb the complexities of the (many) Masonic references.  In truth, one does not need to understand ANY of these references to follow the story.  It's only important to understand that there is an ultimate Masonic secret, signified by the Lost Symbol and that consequences could be disastrous if the information were to fall into the wrong hands.  Mr. Brown's contention that revelation of this long kept Masonic secret would result in catastrophic disruption of life on earth as we now know it, is so greatly overstated as to be comical.  There are other plot flaws which are never fully explained, but the story is generally a good read, these flaws notwithstanding.
 Perhaps this was my wasted opportunity to read something else.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown is being slammed for being a poor writer.  I am not a writer and therefore not qualified to critique his style, but his topic and his main characters were tedious and annoying.<br/><br/>Professor Langdon (The Da Vinci Code) chases around Europe with a member of the French police, searching for the Holy Grail, ultimately the blood relative of Christ.  He is convinced by the historical log of the keepers of records.  He's okay with this.<br/><br/>Next Professor Langdon (Angels and Demons) chases above and below the streets of St. Peter's seeking antimatter, set to destroy the Basilica.  He's okay with that.<br/><br/>Finally Professor Langdon (The Lost Symbol) is in D.C., and totally adamant against anything proposed by any number of professional persons engaged in Masonic rites and politics.  "It just cannot be so!"  "It is just impossible!"  "It is just a myth!"  (I really got tired of his denials.)  I had the feeling that Professor Langdon had gotten dumber by the book and that now, as he refers to his classes and students, he might be teaching the remedial classes at Harvard.<br/><br/>Give me a break.
 I had intended to be awake when Kindle began downloading this book at 12:01 AM.  To paraphrase Dan Brown, 'If our ancestors could see us reading a book, much more getting it in this fashion, they'd have thought we were gods.'<br/><br/>However, having read all Brown's books, this one did not make me want to call in sick from work to keep reading it.  It seemed like a formulaic version of The DaVinci Code...but with a really weird bad guy and an unnecessarily fascist CIA boss.  And does he have to keep saying "disorientated" when "disoriented" would do nicely.  I don't think I'm being picky, he used the word so often, I couldn't just forget about it. Finally, as the daughter of a Shriner and Eastern Star, and former Worthy Advisor myself, the Masons did not elicit the sense of mystery in me which would enable me to believe the story line. The story line being that somebody thinks they can become all-powerful from finding the lost symbol. Who thinks the Masons have The Answer!  Okay, so they have An Answer.<br/><br/>All that said, however, Dan Brown has done his homework.  His knowledge of the meaning of symbols, and all their cross-cultural appearances is amazing.  For example, all the ways the number 33 appears in different religious literatures is fascinating.  Where does he get this stuff! And I really look forward to learning more about the science of Noetics.<br/><br/> I think using Robert Langdon to explain all this is a clever way of getting across a major premise of the book. That premise, I think, is that people across time and cultures have a common sense of awe which is expressed through their own culture and symbols.  If we could just get away from idolizing the symbols, we might be able to get to the godliness in ourselves and in others.
 The worst book in the series. What was fresh in the first book and a stylistic choice in the second is a formulaic bore in the third. We open with the ~suspense~, Langdon gets whisked off by a mysterious old person, there's a beautiful woman (who probably has "olive skin") and there's also a giant man, who may or may not be covered in tattoos, and whose loins are described on more than one occasion. I could barely get through this book. It was awful and boring.
 I am not a literary critic, nor am I a college lit major, so I will not comment on the quality of the writing or editing. If it wasn't good, I didn't notice. I was captured by learning about the existence of noetic science (which studies the power of thought); I was excited by all the the new age themes including unity consciousness, numerology, astrology, and the passing down of secrets since the days of the pyramids in Egypt. I also liked learning about the free masons. I really appreciated the insights into the hidden meaning of the buildings in my nation's capital (check out William Henry's website and his DVD: FREEDOM'S GATE: DECODING THE SECRETS OF AMERICA'S TEMPLE OF ASCENSION for a visual journey through all of this information).  Best of all this novel supports my belief in the duality of humans (soul as a separate entity from the physical body and brain) and the possibility of humankind being able to create a better world using the focused thoughts of our mind. This book is a nail bitter, and I couldn't put it down for long. I highly recommend it to the new age crowd.
 Lots of new information about our nation and it’s capitol city - and an intriguing mystery to weave the the lesson around!
 When I bought this book I wasn't expecting great literature but I was hoping for something more than a Da Vinci Code retread.  The set-up is almost exactly the same, and while there isn't a one-to-one correspondence between the characters in the last book and this, there certainly is congruency.  So that was vaguely disappointing.<br/><br/>Of course, what we all really came for was the art &amp; architecture, the symbols, the history, etc., and that's all here and as fun as ever.  And there's science in this one that certainly gives you something to think about (though I'm not too sure the proof for that science is quite the slam-dunk Brown thinks it is).<br/><br/>So for me, it's a mixed bag -- and a mixed review.  I think it's too much like its predecessor, but at least, if he's going to be formulaic about it, he has a good formula.  Borrow, don't buy on this one.
 There is a point in all of Dan Brown's books when I get so disgusted that I throw the book in the corner and go on to something else.  It's usually where Brown totally misunderstands science and includes a whopper of a goof (creating anti-matter from thin air as an energy source in A&amp;D), or when I hear that he really believes the conspiracy theory ideas in DaVinci.  That's where I am now in Lost Symbol.  Someone has just claimed that thoughts have mass and when several people are thinking the same thoughts, the mass adds up.  And I don't doubt that Brown believes all this.  In his earlier books, I managed to ignore things like this and go back and finish the books, but I don't think I'll make it through this one.  Thank goodness for Kindle.<br/><br/>I loved Harry Potter because even though I don't believe in wizards and dragons, J.K. Rowling didn't say she did.  If Rowling had said the whole story was true, I would never have made it through the Sorcerer's Stone.<br/><br/>--- three weeks later ---<br/><br/>Well, I finished it.  The suspense pulls it along pretty well and you wonder how it could ever fulfill all it promises.  Well it doesn't.  It totally cops out in the ending with a long religious lecture based, supposedly, on "scientific" proof.  Still two stars.  One for the exciting decoding of the pyramid and one for the page-turning suspense in parts of the book.  But that's all I can give it.
 I was so looking forward to Dan Brown's new book, The Lost Symbol, that I pre-ordered on my Kindle and got right to reading in the wee hours of the morning.  From the beginning, the ancient mystery to be revealed and the tone of this weak thriller felt off and forced. The story lacks the energy and spice that was so present in the De Vinci Code.<br/><br/>There are moments when Lost Symbol captivates and one's anticipation builds - but the pay-offs are repeatedly transparent and weak.  There is reference to a cosmic religion vetted by science that will heal our great human divide (readers of Joseph Campbell, respected scholar, lecturer and writer of mythology and comparative religion will remember this topic).  As desirable as that is, however, the examples of science and mystery given were not so much supernatural science and mystery as they were tabloid.  Reading Lost Symbol felt like new-age meets Masons with Monsters on the side. I was expecting so much more and was deeply disappointed.
 I loved the DaVinci code. As preposterous as the plot was, the people in the story behaved in normal ways. In the Lost Symbol however, at the end the characters behave not like they had just been put through hell by a maniac but like they were trying to one-up each other with lectures. Of course, Brown had to do this to get his lessons out into the book through dialog, but seriously. You've just been through hell, both physically and mentally, and instead of going to a hospital you go on a sight-seeing tour of D.C.? Come on!<br/><br/>This book was a great page turner up to a point. But when I found out what the "national security" matter was, I was appalled. Brown really thinks people would care about that so much that it was worth the CIA's time to protect? Really? It's as though Brown just couldn't think of anything better. Everything after the climactic events with the villain was horrible, it felt like Brown was preaching. And I have yet to figure out why the pyramid needed to be protected when the secret was something the world already knows.<br/><br/>I will not be reading anything by this author in the future.
 Dan Brown is always a good read. I had trouble putting this one down. I found one inconsistency and it was a little preachy at the end, but great character development and exciting action. The book imparted interesting information--technical, scientific, Masonic, and D.C. architectural detail. I particularly like Brown because you can read him for the action and the "pretend information", but also for a heap of reliable "real" information. For those reasons, both Dan Brown and Daniel Silva are among my favorite authors.
 The mystery, intrigue, and adventure made me wanting for more yet the ending did not quite deliver the depth, or at least glimpse of, a revelation more than what was offered. Yet still, a great story worthy of reading...
 Not his best book.  Too much painting the Masons to be the ultimate good guys.  But as a mystery story it entertains.
 Another great story by Dan Brown.  I especially loved all of the photographs! It saved me the time and effort of having to look them up myself (which I always end up doing).
 Another Dan Brown hit.  Would love to see it made into a movie.
 I have now only read two Dan Brown books: Inferno, and The Lost Symbol.  I saw the first two movies and was interested in the books, so if anything, I had a bias coming into the books toward giving Dan Brown the benefit of the doubt. Tell me a fun story Dan Brown!<br/><br/>That being said, The Lost Symbol was terrible.  The writing style was "okay," but didn't contribute to how bad the book was; rather, it failed because of (i) poor narrative; (ii) lack of cohesion between primary elements of the story; (iii) lack of character development; and (iv) predictability.<br/><br/>The narrative was poor primarily because there were many chapters that did not make sense in relation to the story, or were unnecessarily included. Just one example was early on when Peter is telling his sister Kathrine--who is supposedly a "scientist"--about how the "ancients" somehow had knowledge of modern findings in fields such as theoretical physics.  Not only was this entire discussion unnecessary for the plot, it was just factually wrong.  Brown (through his character Peter) supports "claims" that modern science is merely "rediscovering" ancient knowledge, supporting these claims on the basis of vagaries and nonsense. For example, Brown (through Peter) explains that ancient mystics purported some notion of "extra" dimensions of thought, and this was somehow predictive of modern rigorous results from String Theory.  Not only is that plain wrong, demonstrating Brown's lack of understanding, it takes you out of the story because it seems like an argument a child would conceive to explain something he/she doesn't understand.  If Brown had consulted a real scientist, he would have likely dropped the whole "Noetic" thing, too. It's implausible passages and plot anchors like these that detract so strongly from the story.<br/><br/>In the book, the CIA acts as a police force, which, surprisingly, it is not.  This is absurd, and it would have been more believable if the FBI had been substituted for the CIA. Why didn't his editor bring this up?<br/><br/>There is also not much in the way of character development.  After so many books, I would expect his Robert Langdon character to be more developed.  I guess not.  Supposedly being a professor at Harvard university, Langdon is surprisingly dimwitted.  He often is the last to "get" things that he should get straight away.  I see this as a failing on Dan Brown's part; Brown can only write characters as intelligent as he is.<br/><br/>Finally, the whole story is predictable early on after only a little thought, and the ending is unsatisfying and "amateurish."  It feels like a giant waste of time after Langdon learns what the "lost symbol" actually is, especially due to its predictability.
 Nobody in this book does anything that remotely resembles how people really behave.  For example, hours after the CIA learns that a powerful man has been kidnapped, they haven't contacted his closest family member or traced his cellphone, which the kidnapper is sending text messages from.  That sort of sloppiness lends itself to keeping the plot moving, but requires you leave your brain at the door.<br/><br/>And you'd think the author got paid by the adverb. Every action is punctuated by a "breathlessly", "angrily", "eerily" or the like.  It's like he's afraid that we WON'T. GET. HOW. IMPORTANT. THIS. IS.<br/><br/>On the other hand, the book serves as an interesting trivia guide as each major plot point is a chance for the main character, Robert Langdon, to remember a lecture he's given related to that plot point--the history of the freemasons, the creation of the U.S. capitol building, famous masons through history, etc.  Other characters get their moments to muse on their area of expertise--the library of congress, noetics, computer hacking.  Then there are the points where they lecture each other as Langdon deciphers puzzles. Unfortunately, these lectures come across more as essays on a topic that stopped the silly plot dead in its tracks repeatedly.<br/><br/>I put it down more than once, and eventually skimmed the back half, stopping at the subjects that interested me.  In the end, though, I found myself wondering whether even that was worth the time spent.<br/><br/>Let the lone star above serve as my answer (he exclaimed breathlessly)
 The book starts out as a real Page  turner, but it quickly devolves into a philosophical  bore.I just wanted it.to end already.
 The story line keeps you going, I liked the book except the last two chapter s.  The story should have ended, well no spoilers but the end became an indoctrination fest to real masonic believes and twisted interpretation of the Bible, that's why I have it a 3 🎆
 Why did I buy this book? because everyone else seemed to be reading it.  He should have stopped with the Da Vinci Code.  Same formula - too much talk. OK, so he researches his subject - but when will he learn to write an interesting sentence that he hasn't written 1,000 times before? OK, there was a surprise or two, even if I should NOT have been surprised - having read him before.  I will NEVER buy another Dan Brown book again - there are too many great authors writing now to waste my time with this repetitive, mediocre writing.
 Alright. I just finished the book and it definitely wasn't worth all the hype nor the wait. It had it's moments but he seems to be trying too hard to keep the same "Langdon" formula going. I felt like he was adding extra historical information just to stretch it out in certain passages.<br/><br/>A little more than half way through, it started to become too predictable. It got my attention in certain areas but it got to be long winded at times. I read another review that said "it got to be too preachy". Couldn't agree more. Just tell the damn story!<br/><br/>It was a bit of a let down and the ending was one of the most anti-climatic I've ever read. Really.
 I don't know why, but I have read all of the Dan Brown catalog and every time I finish a book I think "Why is this man so famous? And why did I bother to finish this mediocre book?" Sure Mr. Brown does his research and develops some good story ideas - but his characters are so one dimensional and plots have become rather formulaic.<br/><br/>I can't say I would recommend this book. If someone really wanted to read a Dan Brown book I would say read Angels and Demons and move on to a better writer.
 Dan Brown supposedly spent five years researching and writing this pitiful excuse for a story.  The death of the lead character is inexcusable only to come back to life.  Our lady bleeds to death only to spring back to life without any medical assistance.  The dead spots in the story about some past event that has no connection to the plot.  Perhaps I expected too much after the DeVinci Code, but this sorry excuse for a story tears at Dan Browns credentials.  Save your money and don't buy this book!
 Dan Brown has struck again. But this time he has missed the mark.  The Lost Symbol is NOT the DaVinci Code.  In the latter, he took on one of the most sacred institutions in the West. In this one, he takes on the ... Masons.  Who cares? I didn't. I expect most of us don't.  Sure the research is great.  The hidden symbols that Mr. Brown has constructed are extraordinarily clever.  But it's a plot that makes a good book. And the plot is, well, boring.  Moreover, the level of sadism in this book is, in my opinion, gratuitous to a fault.
 i thought it was a good read not fond that the bad guy was the son
 Well, once again we have the clever, intrepid Professor, his attractive female sidekick, a crazed, wacko religious freak, and a plethora of arcane symbols and mysteries stashed in various pyramids, buildings and books.<br/><br/>Although embrassingly smilar to the Da Vinci Code, there are good characters and plot twists and surprises to hold one's interest.  Unfortunately there is an excess of weak science and tortured philosophy that may appeal to those who are gullible and deluded anough to believe in soul-weighing machines, telekinesis, and the power of collective thought.  (Hopefully al qaeda never figures out how to use the last one on us).  As for the fantasy that there are ancient mysteries that would reveal profound knowledge about the universe and the human condition, the human endeavor called Science reveals such mysteries on a daily basis.  You don't have to seek them at the bottom of ancient stairways.  You can read about them regularly in Discover magazine.
 I couldn't stop reading it, in spite of what seemed like the ten thousand occurrences of "wait, how can that be possible!," followed by an equal number of passages of painfully-detailed explanations. The book's formulaic nature means that we guess almost everything long before it is revealed, and so it's really up to a master of 'mystical mystery' to keep one engrossed. If you must read it, get it from the library.
 I didn't think this was quite the best of Dan Brown's books. It was certainly exciting but after a while it just seemed to get progressively unbelievable. I saw that Noetic Science does exist but humans breathing liquid like air was beyond my belief system. And then towards the end the story just seemed to drag on as if it should have ended a couple of chapters earlier. I do wish some of the ideas he talked about could or would come true. Our world would be a much better place if people could be so enlightened. How wonderful would it be if all religions understood that no matter how many names G-d has, He is still the one true G-d and that whatever peaceful way<br/> we choose to celebrate Him is good in His eyes.
 It isn't surprising to find that many reviewers did not feel that the book "lived up to expectations," as this was an almost-inevitable conclusion coming off what turned out to be one of the top-selling novels in history.  I did not personally feel this to be the case as I thought that "The Da Vinci Code", while good, was not even Dan Brown's best work, that being "Angels and Demons," in my opinion the best novel I have read to date by any author.<br/><br/>Comparing this work with his previous 4 books, "The Lost Symbol" is probably most similar to "The Da Vinci Code" (though it shares similarities with all of Brown's books).  Many general parallels exist:  1) 1 primary male and 1 primary female protagonist; 2) the search for a lost artifact (or artifacts) related to some ancient mystery and w/ religious implications; 3) a villain with what turns out to be a shocking "true identity", etc.  In a way it was a parallel version of "The Da Vinci Code" with a different secret being unveiled and with a setting of Washington D.C. rather than France &amp; England.  I also agree with other viewers that have noted the similarities of this book to the "National Treasure" movies, particuarly the first one.<br/><br/>Overall I think the "Lost Symbol" proved to be a solid novel even if it was doomed to disappoint many readers with the impossible-to-meet expectations that were sure to characterize the follow-up to "The Da Vinci Code".  There were certainly some surprises that made it a very intriguing read.  Now, it is true that the book was slow-paced at times.  For example, I felt that about the second 100 pages of the book (i.e. 100 - 200, or thereabouts) could have been trimmed of superfluous material and there'd have only been perhaps 25 pages left over.  Also, unlike "The Da Vinci Code", I felt that the book "fizzled out" at the end without leaving the reader with any truly exciting "discoveries."<br/><br/>On the other hand, this book did fortunately seem to lack many of the egregious historical errors of the ilk that tainted "The Da Vinci Code".  There was a general appeal to Christianity's "link with the ancient mysteries" mentioned, a statement that would perhaps have found some scholarly support about a century ago but would not find much in that regard from today's New Testament scholars.  Of course, not knowing much about the history of the Freemasons personally, someone more in the know in this particular regard may find my statement regarding fewer historical inaccuracies to be incorrect.<br/><br/>In conclusion, with ridiculously-high expectations left in check, I think the typical Dan Brown fan should enjoy reading "The Lost Symbol" and I would recommend it.
 this book was lent to me by my cousin and I got to about chapter six when I gave him back the book. He said to me `I can't believe you don't like this book'. I told him I was waiting for my copy to come in and I'll finish it then. Did the book meet my expectations OMG and more. Awesome book and delivered exactly when you said it would and in perfect condition.
 Dan Brown can come up with a decent storyline, but he is an absolutely horrid writer! An example of his awfulness (I could have chosen many) is a scene where a blind minister lectures someone about how now that he is blind he truly sees. Ugh. The book is full of this and many other hackneyed stock high school writing devices.  But, I would be lying if I said that the book was not a page turner. It certainly is that.<br/>One strength of "The Lost Symbol" is that for most of the novel it does not try to take itself as seriously as the stupid "DaVinci Code", although the last 100 pages get way too didactic for my tastes. This text is also less antagonistic to the church and Christianity than Mr. Brown's previous two Robert Langdon novels.<br/>The villain of the piece leaves a lot to be desired, and his storyline is pure comic book, but if you put that aspect of it aside you can enjoy the ridiculousness of his villainy. Plus, there is a nice plot twist concerning the villain that I did not see coming, but yet if you go back and read a little closer Brown does a nice job of dropping subtle hints all along.<br/>Another quibble I have is that the book is about 100 pages too long because Brown gets very preachy and heavy handed with his Masonic lessons, and because he allows almost every character in the text to pontificate at some point or another about ancient wisdom, great secrets, etc. This leads me to my biggest issue with this, and other Dan Brown, novels. It is scary that some readers, and maybe even Mr. Brown himself, forget that this is fiction. Reading some of these reviews and various other materials on the text, there are many people out there who believe this crap about ancient hidden Masonic secrets, noetic science, hidden codes in the Bible, etc. Okay folks, it's cute, it's fun, it makes for good thriller reading, but it is not more than that. Don't take it as such!<br/>"The Lost Symbol" is not serious reading, but I read it in a pool, and it was fine for that.
 I liked the story, and for most of the book I couldn't put it down. There were a few instances where a conversation explaining something got a bit long-winded, but overall I would recommend the book to anybody who likes Dan Brown's other stuff.
 I enjoyed the book.  I found it very interesting
 The book was OK.  I keep reading Dan Brown hoping he'll come up with another Da Vinci Code, but The Lost Symbol was a disappointment.<br/><br/>Putting aside the light-weight story development for a moment, Brown's take on Freemasonry is whacked.  His interpretations of our symbols, the assertion that the 33rd degree is the highest degree, and other "facts" about the craft are just plain wrong.  This isn't like the Da Vinci Code in which the people who might have been able to prove or disprove Brown's assertions were long dead.  Instead, Brown could have spoken with one of millions of Freemasons who would have helped portray the fraternity correctly.<br/><br/>I should have know that the book was going to be a problem for me when the first thing I saw upon opening the book was a quote from "The Secret Teachings of All Ages."  As an amateur masonic scholar, I've read that book.  I can tell you definitively that it falls short as an authoritative work on freemasonry.<br/><br/>Finally, I understand this is fiction.  However, too many people will believe what is in this book.  And although I give Brown credit for making a point of the undeserved bad press the fraternity has received over the years, I wish he would have spent a little more time with actual masons in good standing.
 I have had several thoughts on this book. This book was put-down-able. The other Dan Brown books were fast paced and I had to read it all. It was impossible to tear me away from The Digital Fortress or Angels &amp; Demons or the Da Vinci Code or Deception Point. However, with this novel, I was able to put it down and walk away from it without coming back for several days. I wish that it wasn't this way, because I love Dan Brown's novels, but alas, I feel like he is losing his touch.<br/><br/>I think that this happens to a lot of author's once they become well known and popular. Lets look at J.K. Rowlings. After the first several books came out, she became well known. Hence she came out with book number five, which was one of the most painful books I have ever read in my life. It took me two - three months to get through it. Luckily I am such a faithful follower that I returned, and book six redeemed it. But even book seven, you were left wondering how much better it would have been if there hadn't been pressure from publishers and expectations from adoring fans. Another example of this can be seen in Stephanie Meyer. The first book of twilight was amazing... the second two were okay, but the forth book, when she became a megastar, was horrible. It took twists that made me vomit in my mouth. I stopped reading it at page 400 because, even considering it was about vampires and warewolves, it had crossed a line so unbelievable for the world she had created, that I couldn't accept it anymore. So Dan Brown is in good company... lets just hope that he his next novel is better.<br/><br/>Now, all of that said and done, I still give the book a 3.5/5 stars. Lets face it, it was a Dan Brown, so it still had the mystery and scandal and conspiracy theories that make all of his novels so wonderful to read. I found myself wanting to know more and more about the Freemasons and the world that they live in. I wanted to somehow sneak into their secret meetings and find out their secrets. I know, I know, it is like they are a cult or something else horrible, but what can I say... I am human and I when I hear about secrets, I just have to know what it is all about.<br/><br/>Another positive side about The Lost Symbol is that, for once, Robert Langdon's female counterpart was significantly older and she was portrayed more as a friend then as a lover. I for one was starting to get tired of Landon always hooking up with the lady at the end of the novel.<br/><br/>Now, lets talk about what went wrong... Is it possible that Robert Langdon got stupider??? I mean in the other novels, he seemed to figure things out fairly easily, but in this one, someone was always guiding his hand and having to explain things to him. I was very frustrated with him. There were times when I was figuratively screaming at him telling him to wise up! And could he get any more stubborn? It seems like he had all of this evidence put before him throughout the entire novel, and he refused to budge, or even to reevaluate his stance on the Free Masons. It was annoying.<br/><br/>Now another problem that was in this novel was the last 50-75 pages. It was so anti-climatic. Why did they have to go to the secret location? There was no point in it. Everything could have been explained to Langdon without going there. And upon finding out what the great secret word was, I was left wondering why was it so secret? What was so important about that secret that it was worth risking everything to protect. It was a huge let down. And I was also left wondering how Peter Solomon seemed to know everything about it, when no one had decoded the pyramid before.<br/><br/>Overall, this novel was a huge let down that I am still trying to recover from. But I guess that with all the hype surrounding it, I shouldn't have expected as much as I did... It wasn't really fair to Dan Brown. So the question is, if Dan Brown puts out another novel, will I rush to the bookstore and pick it up and read it??? Answer: In a heartbeat!
 This one is my favorite so far in his series starting with DaVinci code (which I found BORING).  It's based in Washington D. C. and will captivate you quickly.  I got in trouble with this one because I read it on an anniversary trip . . . that's how good it is!!
 I agree with several of the people who recently reviewed this book.  Dan Brown is not one of my favorite authors, but I gave this book a try.  I don't know how anyone else felt about the last part of the book, but I thought I was back in my undergraduate days at the university.  Too much talk, too much philosophy for me.  The climax came and yet the book when on endlessly about the "mysteries."  Glad I didn't actually buy this book.  My husband is plugging away at it.  Bet he doesn't finish.
 Very entertaining with a few irritating places.  But, I'll keep reading Dan Brown Books!
 This book was almost as good as deVinci &amp; Demons.  The plot takes breath-holding twists, including one that almost made me stop reading it!  Set in Washington D.C. many will recognize the places that are key to the solution.  It's also full of Latin, Greek and other language phrase which lend an exotic air to the piece.  I can hardly wait for Brown's next adventure, if he hasn't used up all of his skillful research and twisting plot lines!
 A very enjoyable book. My interest was kept by many unexpected plot twists that made what was coming next a surprise at many turns. The effort that must have gone into researching the details presented here is evident and made it a much more captivating work. In an interview, Mr Brown<br/>mentioned the he wanted this work to "hit it out of the park" and I believe he has done this and himself proud.
 This book opened my eyes to more than just thinking about myself as an individual. Together in mass, mankind can transcend hypocrisy and become as one.
 ...but not as good as the first two. What I found the least plausible was the idea that world figures of notoriety would be found in one Scottish Rite meeting for any honorary degree that is given all over the country every year. It gives far too much credit to the Scottish Rite as a far reaching Masonic body. It isn't and in the US alone there are three jurisdictions between the northern, southern and PHA.
 I plowed through Brown's "DaVinci Code" and "Angels &amp; Demons"...great page turners both! Which makes me sad to say the following:<br/><br/>This much anticipated follow-up to the wildly successful DaVinci Code was intermittently sleep-inducing, the characters never fully fleshed-out (I never gave a hoot about any of them), predictable from beginning to end...and, speaking of the end....phlbttt.phlbttt.phlbttt.  Unbelievably, spectacularly sophomoric dreck of a finale (this was, at least, consistent with the rest of the book).<br/><br/>The research conducted, I'm sure, was a mountain of work...so kudos to whoever did that...but in terms of Mr. Brown spinning that research into something that resembled an intriguing, believable (or unbelievable in a good, science-fiction, way), page-turning story that I could buy into on any level or care about in the least...not so much. In fact, for this reader...not at all.<br/><br/>It did feel as though there was an assignment given and, in lackluster fashion, completed. Nothing more, nothing less.<br/><br/>A complete and total waste of my time.
 Not as captivating as other Dan Brown books. Droned on and on, lost interest quickly. Should have dealt more with human interaction instead of supposed facts that cannot be proven.<br/> Attempted to follow story line of Angels and Demons with different "facts". Pretty female scientist that is "friends with the "victim". Bad guy that would stand out in a crowd that nobody notices. Religious "facts" nobody can prove or disprove.
 I finished reading The Lost Symbol some time mid last week and it took me a good two weeks to finish.  This statement alone shows that this particular novel had some slow dragging moments because when I read Angels and Demons (In mass-market paperback) I read it in seven days and it had 710 pages.  Although the idea of Ancient Mysteries and Free Masonry sounds like a good topic to tackle, I don't think it was the most exciting topic.  At times, I found myself asking "Why are they going through all this stress with cracking symbols?"  I think the problem was that what they were trying to uncover wasn't as exciting as the two previous books.  Da Vinci Code was centered around discovering the Holy Grail and Angels &amp; Demons was about rescuing cardinals from horrific murders  along the ancient path of illumination and finding the anti-matter that threatens to destroy the Vatican.  These topics were thrilling and big page turners.  The whole thing with the Masonic Pyramid was fun at first but later became boring.  Also, I was getting confused how they mentioned 'The Lost Word' when the book is entitled 'The Lost Symbol.'  Overall, the book was ok and I still remain a Dan Brown reader, but I think it's prior two novels were much better  (ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is still #1 in my book).
 Well written - in classic Dan Brown style.  Surprising in the development of the character of Robert Langdon.  I liked it very much.
 I first of all felt like not reading further when I came across CIA agent name. The author used family name plus family name (Both Inoue and Sato are typical Jalanese family names.) He could have checked at least whether this name works. Since this character appear all the time, it was really annoying but I read anyway till the end.<br/><br/>As someone mentioned, last 50 pages showed too unlikely ending even  for a fiction novel and I was glad that I finished reading.
 From the very beginning, I found it very hard to put this story down.  Lots of twists and turns, surprises and revelations.  It a great read!
 I really enjoyed reading The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown. The price for the Kindle version was only $3.99, and it was a terrific read. My reason for the 4 star review is that the last 6-7% of the story was not very interesting to me and didn't seem particulary relevent. It was certainly relevent if you read this more interested in the "symbology" aspect of the story, but I was more interested in the characters and the action. As soon as we knew what was going to happen with the characters, he could have wrapped this up. Other than that, it was a great book to read.
 I only rated this above one star because of the original story line.  The villain's character strains the bounds of credulity.  Sadly, this could have been quite suspenseful were it not for the constant repetitions of the same digressions.  Like Brown's other novels, this could have been a thriller that would keep you on the edge of your chair.  To me the book was at least 50+ pages too long due to the repetitions which I guess were there to drive home a certain philosophical/theological point of view.  Where were the editors on that one?  The locales were believable and exist in real life, according to Brown.  He didn't discuss the facts v. fiction items like he has in past books though.  Finally, the ending was anti-climactic and just sort of drizzled off.  I haven't gone into many details because I don't want to spoil it for others. I suggest you take the time to read the customer reviews before reading this book.  I read the Kindle version.  The formatting on it was okay.
 Very fun to read; it is a thrill to read. But I found the ending VERY disappointing. The ending made all the thrill of building up to it, unnecessary and silly. The answer you get at the end does not qualify as a secret you have to defend with your life.<br/><br/>But it a fun book and DB knows how to give it an authentic backbone so you feel that there may be truth to some of the interpretations of symbols and historical landmarks that we all have seen.<br/><br/>I recommend reading it for the story line and the details but not the ending.
 I might have expected too much from the book.  I've read all of Dan Brown books and this one was lacing something....  This edition was great though with the illustrations.  That element added to the story.  Visuals of some of the questionable subjects aided in the understanding.  If you are going to read the book this version is the one I would recommend.
 My title pretty much sums up my review.  Dan Brown continues on his page-turning, multiple twist, sprint to the finish line form.  The book is fun and served it's purpose.  But if you're expecting to be blown away like you were with his previous two pieces, I advise you take a step or two back.  The riddles and mysteries surrounding the "objects" Langdon has in his possession keep this book from deeply falling into the realm of pure science fiction. Though I must admit, I feared this book would spin out of control at the end, but Brown did a good job bringing it together for a semi-realistic and unforgettable ending through a very spooky villain and his fully unveiled plans. My other huge problem with the book, and this is a slight spoiler so beware, the book climaxes 40 pages before the actual end.
 Dan Brown always entices with the depth of research and his engaging language.<br/>His research uncovers so many true facts, that the amazingly few fictional connections make it read like an exciting history rather than a novel.<br/>His short chapters entice you into the plot, until one is driven to stay up half the night so that one can find out how it all comes together at the final denouement.
 Dan Brown's latest novel, The Lost Symbol, takes the reader on yet another journey with Professor Robert Langdon. Much like the other Brown novels, the author takes us on another scavenger hunt this time for the "lost symbol." The novel may be too technical for many readers, and often goes way too deep to uncover hidden meanings and symbols. Looks like Dan had a little too much time on his hands since writing The Da Vinci Code. The story itself is very interesting, and the historical information on Washington held my interest. For the most part, The Lost Symbol was a page turner for me although I found myself skipping ahead in paragraphs because it seemed too descriptive or technical or just plain boring. The most disappointing part of this book is the constant regurgitation of philosophical and religious messages - we got it the first fifty times that someone said that humans are like gods. Also it seemed like Brown also felt like ripping off the Dolarhyde character from Harris' Red Dragon.  All in all, the story has an interesting twist, and I was able to actually finish reading without giving up due to lack of interest.
 This book is 509 pages. For me, it got interesting around page 492. That's when the tease made on Noetics and the Global Consciousness Project in the beginning of the book was fulfilled...somewhat.<br/><br/>Okay, in the interest of full disclosure - I'm not a Dan Brown fan. I think the Da Vinci Code remains his best. I hated "Angels And Demons" primarily because of the implausibility of parts of the story (i.e. a tarp held at the corners serving as a parachute....c'mon!...and don't *even get me started on antimatter). He did not commit any such obvious errors with the Laws of Physics in this book. But, he didn't develop his villain until Chapter 57 starting on page 221. Up until then, he had the air of a badly drawn cartoon character. But his worst crime occurs at the opening of Chapter 94 on page 351, an extremely implausible plot twist (which I won't reveal here) without which the entire rest of the story couldn't have taken place. So, from page 351 on, I find myself saying, "No way...THAT couldn't have happened without  the events of page 351] happening...sheesh!"<br/><br/>But like I said, Brown made good on his early tease. And as I closed the book I realized that Dan Brown is a deeply flawed writer with a great nose for suspense, who finds himself on a deep spiritual quest, working his realizations into his novels; a writer whose realizations are uncannily in step with the zeitgeist of our culture and times.<br/><br/>In the Da Vinci Code, he made people question the history of Christianity. In the pages of The Lost Symbol after page 492, he will make people question their own nature as well as that which they call 'God.'<br/><br/>For obvious reasons, I was happy to see him give a nod to the Gnostics...But perhaps my biggest criticism is in comparison to The Da Vinci Code. In the Da Vinci Code, he used the vehicle of the story to further his theme about the history of Christianity. In The Lost Symbol, you had a suspense story which dealt heavily with the history and symbolism of the Masons but which seemed, to me, largely divorced from the points he discusses from page 492 on. So, while there was a cohesiveness between story and theme in The Da Vinci Code, that cohesiveness is lacking in The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>These opinions are wholly and strictly my own. I'm fully aware that most people will just love the story right up to page 492, after which most will say, "What is THAT all about??? Good book, but I don't know about that ending."<br/><br/>Your mileage may vary. Happy reading!
 Was a gift. Arrived on time and the recipient is already halfway through.
 I have said it before that I am a Dan Brown fan and this book didn't disappoint me. A good storyline, fast paced, it had me interested from the start.  A good friend is reading it at the moment and he happens to be a Mason, so I will be interested to hear his take on it. I have looked up a few things from the book on Google and yes, they are indeed real. If you are a Dan Brown fan, you will no doubt like this book, as I did.
 Fiction, not fact.  I found the masonic references to be a little off.  It does convey Freemasons in a favorable light, but some of its premises are largely incorrect.  I especially found the idea that wealth could buy advancement in Freemasonry to be completely contradictory to real life.<br/><br/>Then, the end of the book: let. down.  Really, they go running all over Washington, only to find something common.  Really?<br/><br/>As I have said with other Dan Brown books:  Formulaic.  If you've read several of his books, you will start looking for the "twist".  If you are looking, it is too easy to see who the bad guy is.
 Another mind blowing or should I say mind building masterpieces<br/>He makes you feel and think.<br/>Now on to another
 If you enjoyed the Robert Langdon character in "The Da Vince Code" and "Angels and Demons", I truly believe you will enjoy this story by author Dan Brown too.  I know I did.  Even if you're not a member of the fan club, you simply have to admire Brown for the obvious amount of research he has done on the locations and subject matter he describes in this book.  His colorful yet painstakingly detailed and accurate descriptions of the historic landmark buildings and monuments of Washington, D.C. were fascinating to someone who has never had the opportunity to visit the city.  I was so inspired I've started planning a vacation to D.C.!  And I hated American history as a kid!  I've never had anything more than a casual interest in the architecture of our nation's capital or any architecture for that matter, but this book has had me daydreaming lately about visiting and walking the halls of these inspirational structures for myself!<br/><br/>For those who ever considered themselves a sort of weekend philosopher, Brown's thoughtful references to the relationships we've all pondered from time to time between science, religion, and ancient mysticism had me frequently nodding my head as he eloquently explained answers to theories I had often found myself wondering about during my own introspective moments.  Who hasn't asked himself questions like, "Why are we here?" and "What happens next?"?  His plausible explanations, regardless of whether you're a "believer" or whether they might be "fact" or "fiction", made me want to read on and learn more of what this author had to say about the mysteries all of us have longed to understand since man first looked to the star-filled heavens in wonder.<br/><br/>I'd never heard of the Noetic Sciences before reading this book, but his description of character Katherine Solomon's chosen career and her passion for this science had me spending an entire evening doing my own research on the subject.  I have to admit, I have not been doing much leisure reading in recent years, so maybe that disqualifies me as a serious book reviewer, but my recent Kindle purchase and this, my first Kindle book, has had me coming home from work every evening the past few weeks, fixing dinner, taking care of the daily chores and finally settling in to read a few chapters of The Lost Symbol instead of channel surfing on the television.  And don't get me wrong.  I enjoy my favorite television programs and movies too, but what a great escape The Lost Symbol has been!<br/><br/>Yes it's a long book and a lot of reading, but so what?  Relax, take your time, and enjoy this well written story as I did.  Download the sample and have a look for yourself.
 I have now read all four of Dan Brown's books featuring Robert Langdon, just finishing the Lost Symbo,l and found it to be a book that I could not put down. I'm no literary scholar, and cannot critique his writing skills, but all I know is that I thoroughly enjoyed this book. After finishing  this book, I went back to Amazon.com if there were any more books featuring Robert Langdon. Sadly, there were not any more! So, I did the (hopefully) the next best thing. I ordered another book he wrote, Digital Fortress! I Hope I will not be disappointed.
 The book takes you on a reflective journey to question your religious beliefs and values.  Story keeps you reading late into the night and finally saying hun I hope I am preparing for a future spiritual events.
 ****Spolier****<br/><br/>I was enjoying this book until I got to the part where we are told that the huge, horrifying secret is a video of top goverment officials in a secret Mason initiation.<br/>Okay so it was not how we would want our leaders to spend their off time but really!! was it all that world shattering?!  I only have about 50 pags left and I just put the book down and away.  I have been reading these reviews and I did not realize that Zachary was Mal'kh.  I quess I was just distracted by all the "Is he kidding with this awful plot?  Brown's villians are always so paper thin, always so mind numbingly sociopathic.  I thought the wole idea of discovering we really have soul was going somewhere.  When we thought Robert was drowned that seeemed to be approaching that idea and it was intriquing but then in the next chapter the whole Abyss thing was explained.  This was dissapointing at the end but began as a good read.
 Great Summer beach read. I became so interested in Masonry,that I researched,and found another book on the symbols,and practice of Masonry.
 Like so many others, I swallowed all that raving pre-release hype and bought this book,a makeover of the Da Vinci Code with even more cardboard characters. The author does everything except say "Wow! look what the next surprise is". Unfortunately, the next "surprise" becomes more and more boring if not implausible. The "plot twists" are absurd to say the least and the recuperative powers of some of these folks is itself worthy of scientific study. I forced myself to finish this novel but it wasn't easy. It DOES have one redeeming feature though: I know now not to waste even more money to see the movie.<br/><br/>Btw...I would have rated it ONE star instead of two but I don't HATE any book. Amazon might consider describing a one star rating as "total disappointment" which, in my opinion, describes this book perfectly .
 I chose this rating because the book required constant thought about the events making the reader want to plod on to encounter the next event while making one wonder if there was reality mixed in with the story. Could any of this be true. It was difficult to put the book down. It is well written. Are we looking at the future?
 I tried reading this book several years ago in high school when it first came out. The Noetic science part was lost on me then and I ended up setting this book aside. With the release of Inferno, I hate to read books out of order, so I sat myself down last month and gave it a second try. Time and the exposure to new thoughts and ideas through college made this book thoroughly enjoyable.
 There are lots of good reviews already, I hope to add a little perspective for those of you that read heavily in this genre.<br/><br/>1) If you read him before and thought highly of Da Vinci Code, this is likely a disappointment.<br/><br/>2) If you read Da Vinci 1st, you probably decided you want to read more Dan Brown. If you read Lost Symbol 1st, you may be thinking about trade-ins at the used book store, not where to find shelf space.<br/><br/>P.S.  the last word, sentence, of the book ...... gag me!
 Dan Brown novels are always filled with so much history and intrigue.  The Lost Symbol doesn't disappoint.  There is plenty of action and suspense along with vivid descriptions of all the locations.
 Long book but didn’t seem like it!  Continual action and moving between story lines kept me reading past my bedtime!
 A superbly assembled thriller that weaves a masterful grasp of history, culture, science and provocative thought into an entirely satisfying read.
 I really liked this book. I am a Freemason, and I am a Knights Templar. So I find this kind of stuff fascinating. I am glad that Dan Brown put my fraternity in a good light for a change. There is some truth in this mixed with some fiction. I will not confirm nor deny what is truth though. lol. Thank you Dan Brown, for showing Masonry in such a positive light, and debunking a lot of the Conspiracies out there about us.
 I have read two other Dan Brown books and really enjoyed them. I love the way that he ties the Catholic Church and the Masons into his stories, and uncovers ancient coverups, and mysteries. His writing itself is not as good as some, but the stories make up for it. I read Angels and Demons while in Rome and was able to follow the story around the city. It made it even more exciting.
 As always clever but needlessly preposterous. Many interesting "facts" about the D.C. area but why pose the CIA as a all powerful domestic law enforcement agency which it isn't and the Capitol Police as security guards and Chief as the head watchman. The lengthy interplay between the obnoxious CIA executive and everyone else was just silly. The idea is to make the unbelievable plausible, no.
 Great book!<br/>I agree with the concept of a shared consciousness for changes in the greater good.  Perfecting our minds / souls.  I always enjoy Dan Brown's writing.  He makes you contemplate the meaning of life.
 The Lost Symbol is, for me, the worst of what I've read from Dan Brown so far...The Da Vinci Code, Angels &amp; Demons, and Deception Point were all superior efforts.  The Lost Symbol seemed overly frantic, as if the story was forced to fit in the short time rather than naturally happening in that time span.  Additionally, I really got the feeling that he didn't know how to end it...many pages of what I suppose is 'denouement'...seemed to drag on and on.
 I was dragged into the story and held there till the end.  I learned so much, as I always do with Dan Brown's books.  It made me question some of my beliefs and reinforced others, I wanted to sit down with the characters and discuss the concepts that are in the story.  I think the poor Masons are finally off the hook and we can look to ourselves instead of conspiracy theories.  Well done.
 you win if you like dan brown
 Facts are ok, plot is good but not great, action is alittle on the slow side, the ending was also a meh, and the characters were good.  However, the only thing that keeps this book from getting 1 star is the moments in the book that make you think, "ooooh, that makes sence," or moments when you think, "oooo, thats clever," or even, "Wait.....what???" this is probably Dan Browns worst novel yet, but if your a fan of him, juat hurry up and read it, purely for the sake of getting it over with.<br/>ALL IN ALL, JUST GO READ IT.  :/
 Born in Washington D.C. and growing up in the area, I have visited many of the historical buildings depicted in the book. I had previously read the Lost Symbol, but wanted the special illustrated edition to see the pictures and illustrations of our Nation's Capital. This edition made the reading more interesting and now that I no longer live in the Washington area, it's nice to have the book in order to view the areas where I played as a child and where I grew up.
 I loved <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code-1st-Edition-1st-Printing/dp/B001IC0I7E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code - 1st Edition/1st Printing</a>. Read it in 2 days and even took a sick day to finish it up. I thought <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/B002CF0GP0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a> was good as well, although I thought the ending was a little hard to believe. I've read his other books, but only would rate them as okay. I was looking forward to The Lost Symbol, but was worried about the book being a "sophomore slump." This happens sometimes when it takes a while for a author (or musician) to be found; they receive fame from a later work and then after all the hype, their next work is kind of so-so.<br/><br/>Oh boy did this book disappoint. It was such a waste of time that I really had second thoughts to righting a review and wasting more time. But, here I am trying to help someone avoid a huge mistake. I'm not sure if it was a redundancy in villains, over explanation of history, massive plot shifts or that the Freemason history being a little vanilla. Whatever it was, it can be avoided.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor and find something else to read. With all the amazing options around, I'm sure your search will be short.
 As much as I enjoy Dan Brown, I thought that Lost Symbol was almost too focused on the lectures and I think the plot was not as strong as his other works.  I didn't feel I knew enough about Peter to care enough in the beginning to really feel the urgency Langdon had to save his friend.  I know the CIA and others were involved near the onset, but I think skirting around the reason why they were there took away from the story.  Also, some of the "surprise" moments in the book were a little formulaic and predictable.  I think the main issue I had was with the opposition. In Angels and Demons, the reason why Langdon was chasing Illuminati signs was because they were clues.  In Da Vinci code, it was because he was under suspicion for a murder and had to clear his name. I think that this book lacked that type of intensity.  However, over all, the book was a nice, quick read; and the information about the Masons was very interesting.
 In my opinion this is one of Dan's best books and no one can write a thriller like he can. Hard to put down so start it when you can lounge around undisturbed.It's a great read !!!
 I have read this book twice already and purchased it for my 15 yr old Grandson. I am hoping to take him to DC in two years and he will use some of Dan Brown's fantastic description of DC's architecture, art, history and symbolism to see an additional side of our Nation's Capital. I enjoy the fact that Dan Brown bases his stories in rock solid real life. His extensive research is born out in the flow of the story and it just makes Robert Langdon all that much more real (and smart, and sexy - to me, not my grandson :-) ). Enjoy the book!
 Im starting to see a little formula with books from dan brown... get a good looking but smart woman, with a nice background.... get an old "important" but in trouble friend... mix with mysterious kidnapper/killer... glazed in a lot of "secrets" and symbols... sprinkle a law enforcement agent which one doubts his or hers alliance... and we get any dan brown novel with robert langdon... BUT having said that... the book is great... it may be the same thing with a different background but still i could not stop reading...  maybe a good story is great no matter how many times you read it... or maybe all great stories are alike... but one thing is for sure... i was entertained... i was not expecting this book to change my life i just wanted a nice relaxed weekend on the beach house and this book was icing on the cake... recommend you buy it
 I almost rated this a "4" because it is definitely a page turner and it does contain a lot of interesting arcana and a moderate albeit superficial dose of interesting scientific and philosophical/religious ideas.<br/><br/>On the other hand, Brown's writing style grated on me like fingernails on a chalkboard (I don't remember the DaVinci Code being that way...although it may have been.)  All the italics, all the internalized questions, overuse of words like "chuckled" and "D.C.," cliff hanging chapter after cliff hanging chapter, the droning preachiness at the end.....it was all a bit much for my taste.  And finally, I never did buy into why everyone including the CIA thought the incident was so earthshaking.<br/><br/>In the final analysis though, who am I to criticize Dan Brown and his writing?  This book cashed out more in its first day than I will in a lifetime.  It just could have been a lot more satisfying.
 Loved this novel and and was spellbound by its mixture of history, art, religion, and science. I couldn’t put it down and would definitely recommend!
 I remember reading DaVinci Code after getting so curious about all the talk going on about it at the time.  A co-worker loaned it to me if I remember correctly.  I couldn't put it down--that much I remember for sure.  The same with this once I finally found the time to read it.  Dan Brown has a way with thrillers.  This is the fourth book of his that I've read.  On to the fifth.
 All in all, this was an enjoyable book.  However, I had a few problems with it.  First of all, I think the reaction to the video in today's world would not be anything near what Brown tried to tell us it would be.  And, some of the twists were not that hard to figure out.  I had the main one (not trying to give anything away) figured out less than halfway through.  It's a good read, but not deserving of all of the hype surrounding it.  obviously, all of the hype was to sell as many as possible, and I suppose it succeeded at that.  For the next Dan Brown book, I plan to sign up for it at the library.  I'm still annoyed at myself for buying both the hard copy and the kindle edition for my iPhone so my husband and I could read it at the same time.  All in all, Brown tries to make major issues out of things that aren't issues at all, and follows it up with a weak, syrupy sweet ending.  I really expected better and was disappointed.
 From the Book:<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is a masterstroke of storytelling---a deadly race through the real-world labyrinth of codes, secrets, and unseen truths...all under the watchful eye of Brown's most terrifying villain to date.  Set within the hidden chambers, tunnels, and temples of Washington, D.C., The Lost Symbol accelerates through a startling landscape toward an unthinkable finale. . . .<br/><br/>My Opinion:<br/><br/>I liked this third book starring Robert Langdon, although I know many people did not care for it.  I agree that Dan Brown set up this fiction to be ready for a movie contract down the road and it reads as though it is a movie stript and I could envision the camera shots with each chapter.  I found the story entertaining, exciting, at times hard to put down, and I learned a great deal from having read it.  Some of the mystery within the story I guessed at correctly early in the book, but the rest was unveiled at the end, as it should be.
 Classic Dan Brown
 This was my first Dan Brown read.  I decided not to start with The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons.  I jumped right into the Symbol. After the first chapter I could not put the book down.  I live near Washington, DC and have worked at Signature Flight Support thus when hearing both mentioned I was smiling all over.  The book does get a little wordy and preachy about symbols.  The lecture stuff with students lost me.  But overall the references to the Ancient Mysteries, The Masons, and the twists of the final 5 chapters were good enough for me.  I guess the Noetic Science stuff and the puzzle of symbols were the downside.  The upside was the action, secrets of Washington, DC, the twists and turns, the involvement of the CIA and the shocking ending were pluses for me.  Like many of our esteemed reviewers pointed out if I had read the afore mentioned first books of Mr. Brown the Symbol would be a let down. Next stop will be Angels and Demons.  Then the main event "The Da Vinci Code.
 I enjoyed "The Lost Symbol" and am surprised by all the poor to mediocre reviews.  I'm not sure what others expect from a Dan Brown / Robert Langdon book.  At this point I consider it a series, not an original work.  This is, in fact, what prevents me from giving it 5 stars.  There is an interesting plot twist towards the end.<br/><br/>Like Brown's other books, I learned a great deal about art, architecture, history and science by the time I was finished.  Not that I take everything Brown writes as fact - he certainly takes some editorial license - but he interests me enough to look into things for myself.
 The mystery is intriguing - the facts on which the fiction is based are fascinating - and the geographical setting is unexpected (D.C. that is). And yet one can't help but wonder if this is a 'formula' based book.  And the formula is: the hero has no ideas what he is getting involved in, then there is a lone bad guy, then there is a heroine - smart enough to keep up with the harvard professor, a deadline (or else we have an armageddon). And then when everything seems to have lost - the mystery unravels itself. But again aren't all mysteries more or less the same? The making of the villain - why he is the way he is - is not satisfying.  Yet Dan Brown pulls it off by good storytelling.<br/><br/>Some of the pictures in the illustrated version are totally unnecessary (Sikorsky's helicopter???). And some are simply not there when you really want to see those.
 The Lost Symbol, by Dan Brown, is interesting for about the first third of the book, with some word derivations I didn't know and some historical revelations about the Masons. After that, it got progressively less educational, more far-fetched, and downright boring.<br/><br/>I was extremely disappointed by the time I finished it. On the spectrum of books by Dan Brown, I rank Angels and Demons and Digital Fortress as good reads, The Da Vinci Code as weak, and The Lost Symbol as clearly the weakest of his works to date. Unfortunately, it will probably make the highest profit for him, encouraging a further degradation in the quality of his research, story composition and editing.
 This is a great detective story; so much better than the movie. Anything written by Dan Brown is a winner.
 Amazing story telling at its best.  The amount of research undertaken mind boggling. He's been able to bring so much esoteric knowledge from so many different places and tie them together as a unified whole. It's truth presented in a fictitious form. Kudos to Mr Brown.
 The book is an other Dan Brown classic. I read it in 2 days; the thrill and surprises were very satisfactory. After Paris, London and Rome now we learned a lot about Washington DC's history and monuments. Book push me to do a lot of research on internet about neotic science.<br/>If I compare this book with in The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons;  I believe the author achieved  have much better and detailed character descriptions which made them more real and more believable. I felt he became a much better and confident in writing.<br/><br/>However I have a few negative comments; what is it about Turkish prison story? That was true 20 years ago, Please, have you check how Turkey is today? May not be 100% developed and G8 country but do not have such prisons any more, not since early 90s. Please do not trash a country without checking the facts, not in a book which sells millions all over world that brings a responsibility.<br/><br/>The philosophical discussions after the trill was over, about one true god and lost word being the bible, etc.  was much too long. Even though I agree 100% with the ideas and facts stated I got bored on some of the pages.<br/><br/>Finally; I have read all Dan Brown novels, I am still a big fan. I will buy when ever he will write a new book but still my favorite is  Angels &amp; Demons. Lost symbol was not able to change that
 Honestly if you have read one of Dan Brown's books leave it at that, The Lost Symbol proves this to be true. I first read Davinci Code and that was interesting. Then read Angels and Demons which was also interesting but then you get familiar with Dan Brown's writing style and it becomes repetitive and a bit boring. While his other books are pretty good, The Lost Symbol reads as a half hearted attempt at what the previous two books were. It seems as though Dan Brown is also bored with cranking out Robert Langdon symbol stories. There is but so much you can squeeze out of symbology and at some point you just have to switch gears. If you have read any of his previous books I wouldnt bother, if you haven't pick up Davinci code or Angels and Demons before reading this one.
 I really pity Dan Brown his success. Having achieved a thrilling formula in The Davinci Code, he seems intent on reusing it here with little effect. I loved The Davinci Code, for all its flaws. It was fun. This book is not fun. I hate the villain, not in the good way either. He bores me. I am tired of the damsel and the professor routine. The dialog is thin. The Langdon character seems dumbed down, caricatured. The surprises are not surprises, the riddles are too formulaic. All in all, it flopped.<br/><br/>I am sorry Dan. I don't mean to criticize. It is just that I waited so long to be taken on this ride, and paid my money for it, and here I am trudging my way through this lesser work. I can only imagine the pressure put on you to write the next great novel. It didn't happen this time. I get this vague feeling you weren't ready to write this book, that this book was not from your soul the way your last was. This feels like your publisher made you do it, or maybe this was written to be the next movie. It simply wasn't written from inspiration, or that is the way it seems.<br/><br/>That all said, I think Dan will be back, and bring us something more worthy next time. I will buy your book, and forget this one, and hope that the next ride is thriller. Keep at it Dan.
 This wasn't a terrible book but it seemed like Dan Brown just took the template of his two previous Robert Langdon books and changed some parts/theme around and published this book. From reading Angels and Demons and The DaVinci Code, I have no doubt Dan Brown is a good author. However, he needs to step it up in the Robert Langdon series if he wants his readers to be wowed and not just write in the same structure.
 The Lost Symbol was exciting and enlightening until close to the end when the bad guy gets caught. Then for some reason the author becomes philosophical and theological. This is when speed reading helps. I did learn a lot from the book as I usually do with one on Dan Brown's works; however, he really messed up the last chapters. I would recommend it and stopping when you feel he is lost. Not his best work. He must have been rushing to get it out.
 It started out in good Fan Brown fashion but the last 1/3 was a meandering mess of endless additional "clues" and annoying revelations that diluted the mystery of the first part. I got strung along to  an unsatisfying result that was just uninteresting.
 Entertaining story like all the others!  If u like the others u will like this one too. Great read. Enjoy
 Speaking as someone who loved The DaVinci Code as well as Angels &amp; Demons, I approached The Lost Symbol with a lot of excitement and was ready to read it in one sitting (like I had the other two).<br/><br/>Unfortunately, Dan Brown's latest literary attempt got off to a slow start.  In many places reminding me of the Nicolas Cage movie, "National Treasure".  Eventually things began to pick up and during the middle third of the book I had trouble reading fast enough!<br/><br/>Then I reached the last 15 chapters or so, and I became extremely disappointed.  Not only do I feel like I was cheated out of a great "Brown-worthy" ending, but I felt as if he didn't even know where he wanted the end of the story to go so he just kind of let it dangle.  Where this novel started off reminding me of a movie, the end left me feeling like I'd just finished reading "The Secret" and that is not a compliment.<br/><br/>If you're looking for a great thriller with twists and turns, you may be better served choosing something else.
 This book requires you to read carefully and pay attention. There is a lot of religious history and history of this country. Many works of art and literature are mentioned.  A lot can be learned from this book
 It would make a great movie
 I loved the first 90% of this book.<br/><br/>I was riveted to the pages, waiting to see how this story would unfold.<br/><br/>That is until the last few chapters.  I'm not going to spoil it for anyone, but the conclusion of this story really got me wondering what the point even was.  It was like Dan Brown spent a year writing the first part of the book and then a weekend for the conclusion.<br/><br/>A great beginning, total letdown at the end.
 This a compelling read.  While it certainly is not short on suspense, it is also well-researched and very informative.  A very enjoyable read.
 Dan Brown continues to be one of my favorites. The writing for me, really drew me in. Was truly a series that I just couldn't put down!
 Really like this author.
 This book was so similar to his other books that I was disappointed. I must admit there was one twist I didn't see coming but the rest of the book was pretty much more of the same old same old.<br/><br/>It was entertaining once I go into it and The Lost Symbol is a perfect long plane ride book. I can't sleep on planes so I often read a book or two on those grueling 10 hour plane rides.<br/><br/>I'd definitely wait for the paperback.
 This book is a good read for fans of Dan Brown.  I did enjoy the plot of The DaVinci Code a little more, but I appreciated that this book was set in the United States, and explored symbolism that is hidden right here in our nation's capitol.  I read the unillustrated version, and wished there had been some images to illustrate some of the symbols and architecture that are discussed in the book.  When I went to buy a copy for my father's birthday, I came across the illustrated version, read the positive reviews, and decided to give it a shot.  I'm so glad I did.  This book is beautiful - far too nice to be buried on a bookshelf, and the illustrations offer just enough information to supplement the enjoyment of the story.  After seeing this version, it made me want to go back and collect the illustrated versions of Dan Brown's other books - any one of them would make an excellent gift!
 I like that Dan Brown's books are fiction but loaded with facts to keep the story interesting while blurring the line between reality and fiction, it's hard to discern where one ends and the other begins.  It definitely makes me think about many of these locations I've visited many times have far more secrets than I realized!
 I was not able to put the book down. Very interesting story line, and I enjoyed the many references to historical monuments and buildings within the historic district.
 I am a Dan Brown Fan, so my review might be a bit slanted.<br/>I enjoyed this book, as I have most all his other ones.  It's pace varied, but was at least steady.  His characters were very well developed and it was a fun read from the start.<br/>Go ahead.  Read it.  It's a great book!
 Another good one from Dan Brown with all the excitement and suspense we expect from him.  Just a bit gory, though.
 When I read "the Da Vinci Code" I was really disappointed, it just didn't feel as good as Angels and Demons. So I was quite reluctant about reading the next in the series, but I can safely say it's way better than the second book. I actually experienced suspense and even though some of the concepts are pretty far-fetched, Dan Brown manages (for the most part) to keep the suspension of disbelief. The villain is genuinely creepy even if he has a weird back-story. This book might not be for everyone but if you are fan of Dan Browns books thus far and felt disappointed with the Da Vinci Code you, should definitely read this!
 I waited for this book with grat anticipation, but as I began reading it I found that most of the info was based on much of non-fiction books I have read over the past few years. I kept waiting for a  aha moment but it never came.  I felt the book was a let down after his other Langdon books.  I get a sense that Dan Brown had read the same non-fiction books I had read and turned them into a novel.  Sorry Mr. Brown but I was not impressed. J.L.
 I feel that this book was shamelessly written to be a movie script. In some places I can imagine it saying on the sidelines 'enter villain'. That being said, I enjoyed it anyway for the light reading it is. It is NOT a religious text, it is NOT a philosophical text, it is just a thriller/mystery. If you don't like the man's slant on life then don't read his books. Also, I have to agree that he was getting a little 'Robert Jordan' with the symbology.
 I can see in my minds eye Tom Hanks running around Washington DC as I read this riveting tale... Dan  Brown did it again! The Masons, next to the Templar Knights, what secret society is more interesting! I could not put this book down, Ron Howard, did you check this Dan Brown book out???
 Good read
 Dan Brown has that amazing quality in his writing that manages to grab hold of the reader from the very beginning of the book and keeps holding on all the way to the end. The Lost Symbol runs you all around Washington D.C., going places you may not have been before. The adventure is typical Brown style, using Langdons knowledge of symbols and history, to guide them to the ultimate destination.<br/>I was sucked into the story from the get-go and felt like I was running alongside Langdon and his accomplices. Another fantastic Dan Brown novel. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys an action packed adventure.
 Great read
 Good read and much like the DaVinci Code. Lots of information concerning the Mason's organization as well as history of various D.C. buildings. Robert Langdon a favorite character for me is again the hero of the book. . Lots  of action and twists take place.  The only thing I had against the book is that I felt it was somewhat preachy.
 Robert Langdon is back in Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol. The novel begins as a mysterious man takes the final and most solemn Masonic oath in the Temple Room; however, his thoughts are exposed to the reader and as he goes through the ritual, it is evident he is lying.<br/>Langdon receives a message from his wealthy friend, mentor, and surrogate father, Peter Solomon, asking him to come to Washington, D.C. to fill in at a gala dinner where the keynote speaker has cancelled due to illness at the last minute.  Langdon, a well-known symbologist and college professor, flies in and makes it to the National Statutory Hall just in time to find there is no gala.  He calls Solomon's office and learns he has been duped.  The man on the phone says, "I'm afraid Peter Solomon has no idea you're in Washington today...You are here, Mr. Langdon, because I want you here."  The voice belongs to Mal'akh, a huge sinister man, tattooed with symbols "which were used in the rituals of dark ceremonial magic."<br/><br/>After the phone call, Langdon hears a scream in the rotunda and finds that a small boy with a group of tourists has discovered a severed human hand.  He recognizes a ring on the hand and knows that the hand belongs to Peter Solomon.  Mal'akh has kidnapped Peter and brought Langdon to Washington to solve the ancient secret of The Masonic Pyramid.<br/><br/>In a sub-plot, Peter Solomon's sister, Katherine, who is a Noetic Scientist, is waiting for Peter to arrive at her laboratory in which she has been conducting research and experiments for years; her laboratory is located in one of the Smithsonian buildings and the location has been kept secret.  Katherine's research has uncovered several things that could change the world, and Mal'akh plans to murder Katherine and destroy her laboratory.<br/><br/>As is Dan Brown's style, the book is well-researched.  He weaves his fictional story through factual settings, i.e., the buildings in Washington, D.C., where they are searching for clues to uncover the secret, as well as facts relating to religion, rituals, and symbols.  The book is absolutely fascinating, and although it is not a fast-read, it is intriguing enough to keep the interest of anyone who loves a good thriller with plenty of cutting-edge suspense.  After finishing this book, most readers will have gained as much new knowledge as if he attended a semester-long course in college.  Once Again, Dan Brown has proven himself to be a leader in his genre, and entertains as well as educates.<br/><br/> This book was purchased with personal funds and no promotion of the book was solicited by the author or publisher.
 I wish I could give it less than 1 star. What a ghastly book. I bought the CD version so I could listen while driving. I finally gave up after the 8th CD and threw it in the trash. Road noise was better. I really do not understand how this was ever published. This was the second and LAST Dan Brown book I will ever buy.
 The Davinci Code is one of my top five books of all time. I preordered the Lost Symbol from Amazon the day it was available. When it came out I was too busy with work to give it proper attention so waited until I had some uninterrupted time on a plane ride back and forth to the East Coast. I got through the first 100 pages and if it wasn't a Dan Brown book would have stopped there...somewhere around 150 it actually picked up and got good for a while but as many have said there is so much unnecessary description in the book I wound up skimming through about two hundred pages only to get to the end and what did I get? A huge waste of my time. Angels and Demons and Davinci were great...this book was so bad on the whole and the ending was so atrocious it's almost as if someone else wrote it. If you must read it try and borrow it from someone...don't waste good money on it.
 This book was purchased for a person who enjoys books written by Dan Brown
 Follows the same Dan Brown formula, which makes it easy to make quick progress through the book.  I bought this book because I thought the Masons would be a welcome change from his endless inventions around Christianity.  But about half way through the book, Brown takes a turn back to those familiar stomping grounds, and I very quickly lost interest.
 great book
 Let me preface my remarks by saying that I admire Dan Brown's ability to write these thrilling Robert Langdon tales.  With few exceptions I find his books hard to put down (Deception Point - not so much).<br/><br/>But my beef with this book is that I feel like it's the same story (or formula for a story) as many of his other books.  It's the same habit that has turned me off of John Grisham's books. The story takes place over a day or two. Robert Langdon is enjoying some weekend time and then suddenly he finds himself in the middle of a quest that turns into a chase. There's a girl. She's smart and pretty.  There are powerful friends. There's a conspiracy. Langdon saves the day at the end.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong - I like this book, but I don't know how many more books *just like the Da Vinci Code* that I will be willing to continue to buy.
 Good read
 Boy did I get sucked into this book.  Sure, there are some implausible things going on in the story but hey, isn't that why they call it fiction?  I am a very avid reader of many genres and a writer as well so I can very often predict the plot path of a story.  However, Dan Brown snuck up on me several times in this one which made the book all the more enjoyable.<br/><br/>I'm sure part of the reason that this book was appealing to me is that I am so interested in Washington D.C.  It will be fun to look up some of the locations when I return to D.C. in the fall.<br/><br/>For those who were derisive about this book and implying that it was inferior work and "all about the money" for Dan Brown and his publisher I'd like to offer that perhaps the detractors are simply jealous of previous and current successes.  Any book that keeps me reading until 2:00 a.m. two nights in a row is worth the money.
 The initial shipment of this book was delivered destroyed. The package was bent through the middle at about 40 degrees. However, Amazon did ship a replacement right away upon my telephone call.<br/><br/>As to the book I believe this was Dan Brown's poorest novel to date. It seems as if he rushed it to print with a rather disjointed story line and just much less effort than previous novels. Found this book to be mediocre at the best.
 I gave a four star rating because the story was very good but a bit longer than I cared for. I like book to be around 300 - 400 pages. Anything longer, to me, has fluff. I enjoyed reading how there is hope for the evolution of the human mind. Sure, a lot is pure speculation now, but so was the concept of a round earth long ago. I look forward to the next Dan Brown novel.
 This was a great book, a page turner for sure.
 Is Religion just the opium of the people or all religions so similar because they all are reaching for Enlightenment?
 After reading Dan Brown's latest, The Lost Symbol, I described it to a friend as one of the most boring books that I have ever read. I realize that is harsh, but when the book is put forth as a thriller, there is no better description. While I didn't consider either The Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons as great literature, I enjoyed both for their entertainment value. This book left me completely cold in that regard. By the end, I was so tired of lectures and dissertations about symbols that I truly didn't care about what happened to any of the characters. The true action in the book ended many chapters before the final one, making them rather superfluous. I just wanted it to be over so I could close the cover and be done. This is not my usual experience with reading and certainly not with any book I regard as decent. For those who enjoyed Dan Brown's earlier bestsellers, forget this one!
 If you've read Angels &amp; Demons and/or the Davinci Code, you'll quickly see the parallels in plot development, conflict resolution, and the plot paths of the antagonist and protagonists.  Regardless, an entertaining read, I'd rank it equivalent to the Davinci Code and better than A&amp;D (felt Brown's writing style hadn't fully developed and that A&amp;D was entirely too long and had about 2 or 3 too many plot twists prior to the story climax).
 I originally posted here and gave this book 2 stars but the more I think about it the more I realize how awful this book was. I said that I hated to give this author 2 stars, but I'm really giving the BOOK 1 star. This was boring and just an awful chore to get through and I feel that it is dishonest to give 2 stars when I think 1 is correct. There are over 300 reviews here (so far), so I don't need to repeat everything that was said, but besides having to endure countless pages of scientific and philosophical nonsense, you end up with a truly ridiculous "lost symbol." I kept reading because I was sure that at least the ending would be good, but "yawn," it wasn't. I can't recommend this and will not purchase another Dan Brown book until I've read the reviews.
 Read this book. Open your mind. Rethink what you think you know. A great read for a spiritual sabbatical. Seeing may be believing, but believing improves sight.
 I was disappointed with Dan Brown . I would title his book "Much ado about nothing" He creates an incredible monster who achieves nothing, seems pointless and who eventually peters out in bizarr circumstances.<br/>The ancient Masonic symbol,central to this plot/story really turns out to be much ado about nothing also. So as a novel with suspence ,intrigue and a satisfying conclusion this mystery novel failed.I will give credit to Dan Brown for his knowledge on Masonic practises and the layuot of Washington D.C
 It's been a few years since I've read Dan Brown's previous novels, so I can't fairly compare.  I know I enjoyed them and read them quickly, but I don't remember much about the plots.  Lost Symbol will probably be remembered in the same way.  It was entertaining and easy to read.  My only real complaint (pet peeve) with the novel was that very other chapter seemed to end with a cliffhanger as the story progressed.  I know it's supposed to be a suspenseful story, but so many cliffhangers got a little tiresome.
 When you write a book like the DaVinci Code, which I loved, it is very hard to follow and all follow ups will be judged against it.<br/><br/>However, this book must be judged by its own merits and not compared to Brown's prior novels.<br/><br/>This is slightly better than garbage, but not much.  It is not thrilling, it is contrived and way too much detail paid to people's breathing, walking, useless past and relationships.  One scene in particular, that took place in the Capitol that in "real time" probably took 30 minutes had 30% of the book describing it-on top of that it was interspersed with more useless babbling about past scenes of no or little connection to the characters or storyline.<br/><br/>This is a book to skim if you feel must have it.<br/><br/>My recommendation, don't waste your time on this garbage-slightly better than garbage that is.
 Laus Deo, Dan Brown! Living in the DC Metro area is more exciting now. I still get a lump in my throat when I cross a bridge into DC. I think it is hope.
 I am an avid reader of all types of literature. Screw literary commentary, this book kept me turning the pages. There are some very surprising plot twists and times when I'm thinking "oh, no! X can't happen to him/her! Noo!" It's rare a book keeps me engaged to the level that Dan Brown does. I often think that because of the hype of Davinci, regardless of what he does it "won't be good enough." Listen to me- get the book and decide for yourself. I've loaned it to a couple of friends and NOBODY has taken more than four days to return it- with the whole thing read! I'd say it's definitely worth your time.
 I enjoyed Da Vinci Code but not Lost Symbol. Why? I don't know but it seemed too ludicrous. Way too many close calls that didn't make sense as if Dan Brown was trying to cram as much as possible into one novel. It fell short and was not even close to being believable. There were loose ends, fragmented chapters, characters that were able to make sense of symbols that weren't even close to sensible. Waste of money in my opinion.
 I loved this book!  It was really fun to see U.S. history get the Da Vinci Code treatment.  I enjoyed learning a new perspective on American history.  Having visited Washington, D.C. before, I was able to picture a lot of the scenes.  I look forward to returning to D.C. after gaining the Lost Symbol perspective on many of the sights.  Fans of the Da Vinci Code will enjoy this book.
 Although I didn't appreciate the way the DaVinci Code weaved together fact and fantasy regarding Christianity, it was an extremely captivating novel.  This title again features the main character Robert Langdon.  This time he is uncovering truths of the Masons hidden within Washington, D.C.  For anyone who has any knowledge of the Masonic Lodge, it is evident that Brown returns to his pattern of weaving together accurate information with dramatic license.  With this book however, his plot is rather dull and simply too far-fetched to keep the reader engaged.  Perhaps there was just too much pressure to write a second novel that possesses movie-making potential.  Regardless, I was disappointed with this one.  It may sell a lot of copies, but the reason will be more because of the preceding title rather than the content found here.
 As with his other writings, this book delivers more questions, with reasoning,  that deserve deep and poignant thought.  Now to reach the masses...
 I always enjoy Dan Brown 's books. Fast paced and fascinating. I am looking forward to more of his books.
 Highly entertaining, twists and turns, Robert Langdon does it again. Good follow up to Brown's previous two books. Can't wait for the next one.
 Dan Brown can write and always writes an intensely interesting story. His books are much more complicated than many authors out there. I like that. I enjoy books that make me think and keep my attention. The characters are real and complicated as humans are. He likes to push the envelope and challenge our belief systems and this is good!
 As someone who lives in the DC area, and like anyone who lives in any city with considerable art and history, it's easy to take for granted that I could finish visiting all the museums and other masterpieces on any given weekend. I could walk the monuments every weekend but only do so during the cherry blossom season and a few other times per year. The photos and drama of this novel have reminded me what a special place I live in...all you have to do is look at tourists' faces when they first behold the White House or the Washington monument or Jefferson or Lincoln memorials, or many others. The only obvious double meaning the author didn't use for DC landmarks was the reflecting pool. At night it does beautifully reflect the Washington monument, but it is also a place for reflection, stillness, and tranquility. That is the message of the book to me: if we reflect long enough, what monuments, literal or figurative, can we build for generations to come?
 I have a hard time criticing an author because I respect their abilities.  I am a reader.  So, from a reader's point of view this book was lousy.  By the time I was three quarters of the way though I forced my self to keep reading because I spent the money.  I would really like to have that money returned.  The last few pages totally broke down into one or two sentences per paragraph just to cram in all the stuff that did not work for the story.  No suspence, minamal character developement, no thrill,no Di Vinci Code thats for certain. Save your money!
 Book as described. Fast delivery. Thank you!
 After reading the DaVince Code several years ago and could not wait for Dan Brown's next novel.  The Lost Symbol is not nearly as good a novel as Davince Code was.  First of all it is very predictable and secondly the basic concept or idea is terribly uninspired.  The compelling ideas that were presented in the Davince Code are no where to be found in this novel.<br/><br/>I suggest readers look elsewhere for something well written and inspiring to read and I also suggest that Dan Brown consider going back to stealing other people's ideas for his novels rather than try to come up with some on his own.  A good place for him to start perhaps would be with a story about the Large Hadron Collider.  He could steel Dr. Nielsen and Dr. Ninomiya's paper about the God Particle coming into the present from the future and damaging the collider to keep itself forever hidden.  Just an idea...
 After 6 years of waiting, this book was a major disappointment. The historical information about the Masons was of course interesting, but the plotting itself is unworthy. Basically, the entire story is: Robert Langdon runs into a room, there's some long exposition where a supporting character teaches him something he didn't know, they run to another room where another character does the same. And on and on and on.<br/><br/>Plug in some lousy foreshadowing and a groan inducing "big reveal" and you've just wasted hours. I recall liking Brown's other work, but maybe 6 years ago I was more easily entertained. Don't waste your time or money on this one.
 Dan Brown will have difficulty topping his first great mystery, The Da Vinci Code. The Lost Symbol falls short of that high mark but is still an intriguing and engaging book. There are so many myths about the Masons and the Masonic Lodge. Mr. Brown has used a goodly number of them in this book. It's a fast paced read and very enjoyable.
 TMI! Entertaining read, but I personally don't relish picking through all the disconnected garble to figure out what is going on. Plus Mr. Tattoo Son could hardly have disguised himself well enough to not have been outed early on in the Mason's selection process. There  were a couple of thought provoking hypotheses from that iffy scientific research going on.  Maybe making the book worth reading.
 I have not been able to put it down. I really love Dan Brown's books.
 Every time I read one of Dan Brown’s books I learn a great deal about things I never even thought about. This was a fascinating story.
 In comparison with his other works, I enjoyed them more.<br/>The level of suspense and intrigue were adequate but some of the surprises were not consistent and seemed to be added with no real basis.  I love Dan Brown's writing but this was just another DB formula book as far as the foundation plot goes.  His style makes for easy reading but the plot is a rubber stamp of some of his other works.
 Very fun story written around the Washington, D.C. area. Intertwining story lines and intense history and symbolism make it a complex story with a lot of details.
 good novel for reading, when is the movie coming out....can't wait..
 I have enjoyed all of Mr Brown's books. I for one want to know more about the various subjects that are mentioned in his book like The Freemason, Illuminati, symbols and the meaning of those symbols.  Cannot get enough
 Very good book. I enjoyed it immensely. It kept me riveted all of the way through the book. I love the factual information that I learn from his books too. Very interesting! Opens your eyes to new ways of thinking about things, especially the Bible and religion.
 This was a gift. She said it was an okay read.
 I am choosing this rating because it was written in a language even I could understand, and considering the subject matter I felt a person would need a lot more education than I have and I have at least some college.<br/><br/>I can't think of anything about this book that I did not like!<br/><br/>I would recommend this or any book by Dan Brown, as I  am amazed by his mind and his writing abilities.  I really think this man has a fantastic mind.
 It was a classic Dan Brown book. I wasn't as into it as I was the Davinci Code, Angels and Demons etc. It was interesting at first, but I sort of lost interest towards the end. It may just be me...I'm in a different point of my life 7 years after reading my last Dan Brown novel...maybe I went into reading the book with too high expectations.
 Great book
 I enjoy books by Dan Brown and this was no exception. Well-written and I know that my next visit to Washington D.C. will include stops at the locations in the story, viewed with a different eye to the detail.
 This book left such a bad taste in my mouth.  I kept reading it just to see if it had some redeeming quality. It did not.  There was just so much wrong with this book.  Dull characters.  A protagonist that I just didn't really care about.  Lots of little things bugged me: a psychiatrist who broke patient confidentiality and the 'brilliant' noetic scientist who didn't pick up on that and  the CIA using night vision goggles and heat seeking sensors to find Katherine and Robert when they were on the run but they never thought of using it when they were in Mal'akh's house and couldn't find anyone there.  Then there is the whole idea that neither Katherine nor Robert picked up on Dr. Abaddon's name.  Later in the book they are quoting scripture and talking about the book of Revelation yet they NEVER picked up on Dr. Abaddon's last name???????  Then there were the chapters that just weren't even needed:  127 in which Nola Kaye and RicK Parrish are studying the Kryptos sculputre-it had nothing to do with the story and it was like Dan Brown thought, "Oh, I forgot to use the Kryptos sculpture.  Guess I'll just have to give it its own chapter." ;  Chapter 130 totally devoted to Dean Colin Galloway-not needed; and the sermon in chapter 133 which gave Dan Brown a chance to drone on with his new age rhetoric .  Wow, I really wish I hadn't wasted my time reading this book.
 I like this book. Had I not read his other books I would have gave it five stars. As I have, I have gotten picky! Buy it, you won't regret it.
 Very good book if you're into this particular subject matter as I very much am. Same Robert Langdon as always but the villain in this one is pretty interesting, and his cohorts aren't the usual beautiful and brilliant types so it kind of takes out the sexual tension which is a little refreshing. Overall a really good read due to the history and geography lessons you always get from Dan Brown, as well as loads of the "secret stuff" that gets you, and keeps you thinking about for quite awhile.
 I was going to give this book a two star rating, but I just can't do it, it doesn't deserve one star.  Let me first say that I did like The Davinci Code, it was a page-turner with a gripping and only moderately absurd plot.  The Lost Symbol is just ridiculous.  Typical Dan Brown formula, Super-menacing bad guy, overly-elaborate yet mildly entertaining puzzles and every turn in the plot has "earth shattering" consequences.  It feels like Dan Brown cranked this out just so they could make a movie out of it, and a bad movie at that.  One final observation, The last few chapters are AWFUL.  All of the preposterous buildup fizzles away into bitter frustration.  I think I am done with Dan Brown, just terrible.
 If you've read his other books in this series, you won't be disappointed with this one. It has the same religious, symbolism and action as his other novels. I have a hard time putting his books down and usually find myself awake long past bedtime.
 I felt this book was as good if not better than Angels and Demons. I think the subject matter may have turned some people away who don't understand Mason traditions. Most people do not understand what a good influence freemasonry can be in our society.<br/><br/>Very disappointed there is no start date for the movie
 Dan Brown's Robert Langdon series could only follow Inferno with The Lost Symbol.  Let's hope Hanks and Howard Team up again.
 GREAT BOOK
 As I began the newest release of Dan Brown, I was excited. I enjoyed all of his other books very much and was really looking forward to another great thrilling fiction novel. I was thoroughly disappointed at the end of the book. I knew the basic plot of the story about 1/3 of the way through (something I hate to experience) and to top it off, the last 2 chapters kind of ticked me off. There were SEVERAL ways the book could have ended and to throw in another religious "breakthrough", if you will, didn't sit too well with me. While I realize it is a work of fiction, it still wasn't what I was expecting or something I enjoyed reading. I think if he would have stopped a little bit sooner, I may have liked it... I do appreciate where he was going for the majority of the book but to end it the way he did... I don't know... It was just ok for me.
 I enjoy Dan Brown's books because not only are they a good read, they also are informative on fascinating subjects. This was especially true for The Lost Symbol. It took a little longer than normal for me to read it because I spent a lot of time googling the many interesting symbols and settings and people referenced in the novel. I loved it!
 Looked forward to getting in bed and opening my kindle to read this book until I fell asleep. Dan Brown has made me a fan with his Robert Langdon books. Keeps me guessing , holds my interest and leaves me wanting more. The CIA character was a bit over the top but overall , the book left me ready for more Robert Langdon.
 Incomprehensible, baffling, tedious story where people lose their hands but are running up 800 stairs in a few hours, blind people somehow walk down halls without bumping into anything, and the reader is supposed to really care that government officials are Masons because the CIA does, and gee it would be horrible if YouTube got the video and every religion, conspiracy, cult, prophet and prophecy are all the work of God who is really man because there is no God and if you're confused well at least you have a solid travelogue of all the places in Washington DC where Masons did something. Maybe.
 Much of the criticism of The Lost Symbol in these Amazon reviews is fair:  e.g., the book probably could and should have been shortened with some good editing and the characters sometimes make strange decisions.  But the fact is, this is a deep book, with fascinating observations on religion, Freemasonry, and science.  To anyone who lives in, knows, or even has an interest in Washington, DC, the book provides an accurate map of some of its most interesting and mysterious spots and history.  And the story is fast-paced and enjoyable.  I couldn't put it down.  The good far outweighed the mediocre, so I'd recommend the book.
 Pretty much standard Dan Brown fare. Robert Langdon running around a city (in this case DC) dodging bad guys and "decoding symbols" and teaching us a little history and culture along the way. Entertaining-ish as long as you don't expect great literature.
 It's hard to come up with a rating for this book because it really depends on which aspects one considers.<br/><br/>Lost Symbol is a series of debates between the various principals separated by brief spurts of action.  The action is entirely forgettable: melodramatic, unbelievable, and overly drawn out.  One particular walk down some stairs had to have extended over 6 chapters: I thought they'd never get to the bottom.  If I were rating the book on action, it would be at most two stars.<br/><br/>Then there were the characters. The "bad guy" was brilliantly described, but everyone else was one-dimensional and terribly similar.  On the strength of the bad guy alone, this book might justify 3 stars, with the other characters contributing little.<br/><br/>On science, the book doesn't do well.  At one point the main scientist obviously fails to understand the meaning of "exponential increase".  One star.<br/><br/>Where the Lost Symbol shines, however, is in the description of architecture, symbology, and art.  This is Dan Brown's brilliance, and is the stuff of a 5-star review.  Had the book removed all of the action, and had only the discussions of philosophy, art, architecture, symbols, and puzzles, I would have gotten as much out of it with fewer pages.<br/><br/>As it is, though, I give it 3 stars.
 Dan Brown is a master story teller! His characters are complete to where you feel you know them. This is one of those books that you cannot put down. There is a lot of history of the Masons and of Washington DC in this book. I was so taken by some of the information that I would occasionally stop reading and Wiki it to see if it was factual. Very interesting.
 If you are a fan of Dan Brown, this book won't disappoint.  As with his other novels, I find myself having to stop reading to look things up on the internet, so I can get a better idea of what he's talking about or what the artwork he refers to looks like.  I end up not just thoroughly entertained, but better educated in the process.  A win, win!
 Usually, I'm a big fan of Dan Brown.  But this is not up to his usual standards.  My suspension of disbelief short circuited as the book turned into a religious/bible study recruitment.
 I enjoy Dan Brown's books...(even, as in a previous book, when he has his hero fall off of a cliff onto an ice floe where a passing submarine just happens to hear the noise and comes to the rescue. Ok, maybe I don't enjoy that part, but I'm willing to overlook it.)<br/>And in "The Lost Symbol" there are several interesting tidbits, thoughts, philosophies...enough to induce me to further research when the time presents itself, but there's no coherent story here.<br/><br/>The line of action and reaction seems to be little more than an excuse to hear the author's unique take on knowledge, religion and man's place in the universe-- a perspective that is interesting and can provide fodder for debate.<br/><br/>When you see what the characters are ready to trade for the "lost symbol"--that a secret organization would hand down from generation to generation, that a man would trade his life, his mother's life, his sister's life and the hero's life to protect the secret--that the secret is obscured by several layers of codes, misdirection and hidden compartments-- you're ready to suspend disbelief about the CIA and its diminutive and inscrutable security chief running such a bizarre operation.<br/><br/>(SPOILER)<br/><br/>Then you find out that the secret is that there's a bible in the cornerstone of the Washington Monument and the CIA is trying to protect several Washington VIPs from appearing on youtube because people might misunderstand what they're seeing...well, you start to feel as though the whole trip was unnecessary.<br/><br/>The villain is misguided,  delusional and about as inconspicuous as a 10-ft. toothbrush, yet passes easily among the secret and elite societies of the world. The police are told there's a kidnapping and send a security guard to check it out, a woman is given a lab in a secret room inside of a room with no lights because...I don't know...Her brother signed something, I guess. ...<br/><br/>There's more, but you're probably going to read the book anyway. There's plenty of food for thought.  Just don't expect a great story.
 read his other books years ago in the standard paperback versions before they were turned into movies.  part of the char<br/> is using your imagination. with the illustrated version i find that my imagination is shut down because nothing is left for me to figure out. and i hear tom hanks' voice instead of what my imagination proposes. also, brown has become formulaic. same story, different city.
 I thought it was pretty good.  I like Dan Brown's work and there were some interesting twists and turns in there.  I especially like the version of the book that comes with the photos of the actual places.  I felt that the book could have been a bit shorter and that the ending was a bit weak.  Overall though, I thought it was a really good story and an enjoyable read.  I look forward to seeing how the movie compares.
 But this book was terribad.<br/>I read all the way to the last chapter just to see if it would improve at all towards the end but it did not.  I took a break from this book and had absolutely no desire to come back to it (I did, mostly just so I could tell people to avoid it with some credibility). Beginning was bad, plot development was bad, character development was terrible and the end was terribad.<br/>Save yourself from this book, Thanks.
 Robert Langdon done again! Fun to read...
 I liked the book and enjoyed the story even though I got to not the reading thinking it was Dan instead of Don, the author
 Yes, it's the same old, same old -- Robert Langdon and his lady of the week traipse about Europe trying to save the world.  But it works.  It's fast, fun, and exciting.  That's all I need for a week at the beach.
 Great
 I have read The Davinci Code, Angels and Demons and Inferno by DB. I am now done with his books. The formula is stretched way to thin on this one and I had to slog through it waiting for the climax which turned out to be an ant-climax.
 Like DaVinci and Angels et al., this is entertainment not history. It is even entertaining to make notes of the conflicts with known history, known masonic practice etc. At least in Lost Symbol, the monuments, buildings etc. are, in the main, correctly located. I think the reason the movie versions of Brown's books are popular is they are what the books would be if tightly edited. This one goes on and on until just when you are ready to abandon hope at the end, you actually find it.  Sorry I couldn't resist]<br/><br/>Buy the book and read it for the sake of a widow's son. Wear an apron for Thansgiving dinner. Assure your fellow celebrants that you have met on the level and depart on the square. Buy a small trowel to butter your english muffins. Get in the spirit of what Friday the 13th commemorates!
 As with all of Mr. Brown's books, The Lost Symbol was riveting and I could hardly put it down.  I have never been disappointed with any of his books.
 Same format as his previous blockbusters, but in a different location. Why fix what is not broken?<br/>However, I learned a lot about the history and the landmark sites in Washington and the links between American History and the Freemasons, things that I did not know before, even though I have visited Washington D.C. many times before.
 Complex, there is a section that just made me cringe. I want to stop reading and just say I didn't like the book. However, the overall I just could not stop reading, the ending chapters justified the continuation. Really enjoyed the story.
 One would think that with all Robert Langdon experienced in "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angles and Demons", he'd be a bit more open-minded and willing to believe anything is possible.  Not so.  His stock comment in "The Lost Symbol" seems to be "It's a myth".  After the fourth or fifth time, that phrase begins to grate on the nerves.  And why are we constantly being told that Katherine "tucks her hair behind her ear"?  Grate, grate, grate.  Interesting theory, interesting facts, interesting premise, but pales by comparison to "The Da Vinci Code". Then again, should we compare it?  Perhaps not; perhaps it should stand or fall on its own merit.  Too bad Langdon's new-found attitude drags "Symbol" down.  Still a worthwhile read, but not a five-star edge-of-the-seater.
 When you pick up a Dan Brown book, you realize it will be far from great literature.  At best you hope for some good action scenes and a mystery that is fairly interesting to learn about.  Lets face it, Dan Brown is Umberto Eco dumbed down to the common denominator.  But who really cares, it is entertaining.<br/><br/>Sadly the Lost Symbol drags with a certain amount of sameness as his other Langdon stories.  Here is poor hapless Robert Langdon, running from the cops, with the help of a brilliant female lead, directed by an older brilliant man, being chased by overdone psychopath.  And sadly, the quality of the writing is about as high as my previous sentence.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons began the formula, Da Vinci Code rose above it with very interesting subject matter, Lost Symbol just wallows in sameness.  It is not without its pleasures, one particular action scene taking place in a pitch black chamber stands out as one of the best, but you have pretty much already read this book.<br/><br/>I'm not going to stop anyone from reading this, nor would I particularly want to.  But six years worth of hype leaves this book feeling extremely flat.  Its probably time to retire Langdon while he is ahead.
 Not very good in my opinion. I knew who the villian was 1/3 of the way through the book. The rather tramatic occurance somewhere in the third quarter; well, I just didn't fall for it. Climax came too early, often felt like reading a textbook, some points repeated (and repeated). Some interesting 'wow, I didn't know that' stuff, but you have to remember the facts are presented from one perspective.
 Oh, where to begin? Pseudo-science, God, fanaticism. Sound familiar? It starts out promisingly enough but the scientific overload, hackneyed dialogue, ubiquitous sadistic/masochistic bad guy had me yelling "Enough, already" and wishing the denouement would arrive more quickly. It's not Angels and Demons, which I found to be a superior tale to The DaVinci Code. What can I say? I was not a big fan.
 LOVE HIS STORIES.
 Item as described.  Prompt delivery.  Thank you.
 As many of these reviews are lengthy, I'll be a bit more brief.  The Lost Symbol takes place over a short period in Washington D.C., features the main character from Da Vinci Code and pertains primarily to the Masons (symbology, beliefs, etc.)  The book is not well written.  It reads a bit like an early draft, not in the sense of having typos or grammatical mistakes, but rather in the weaving of historical, background information with plot movement.  A typical chapter, even late in the book when the action is heating up, might start with a dry paragraph that looks like an excerpt from an encyclopedia and then cut to an escape scene. e.g. (paraphrasing) "The  blank] temple is a 100 foot high classical greek structure modeled after the Parthenon and was built in 1842.  Robert frantically dashed across the lawn dodging the search lights."  The shifts between background facts and plot are that stark and unpolished.  In the middle of what would be dramatic or intense moments, a character will often mentally drift into a neutral and lengthy recollection of his or her study of a particular aspect of Masonic lore.  It's like Brown wanted to write a nonfiction book, but wasn't allowed to by his publishers so he hastily draped a story over the book he really wanted to write.<br/><br/>I am quick to toss a book that doesn't hold my interest and I was generally entertained by this book.  Brown literally crammed it with provocative facts.  But at the same time, I was constantly pulled out of suspension of disbelief to remark to myself how clumsily fact and fiction were woven.
 This book is interesting to say in the least. It had me capitivated till the end. The last few chapters were a bit dragged out. One odd thing was that Katherine was able to decipher codes, but she missed the simplest thing, that her brother was kidnapped. Lol.
 I like this authors work and this book is no different. There are parts that  drag a little and I felt that arriving at the climax took longer than it should have because the author was going off on tangents with characters and story lines that didn't really add value to the plot. Overall its a good book.
 it’s what we all need now the knowledge to create and hope. Do some research on noetic science, rather surprising.
 The story is pretty good....lots of suspence and fun facts about Masons. But the stupidity of the main characters drove me nuts. Langton is so dumb when dealing with the bad guy. He has dealt with very evil people in other books, yet he appears like a newbie here...so innocent and trusting. Jeez! And Katherine Solomon isn't much better. I wanted to reach out and shake them....or punch some sense into them.
 Enjoyed this book.
 I don't know why Amazon.com isn't selling this book directly--I had to go through a third party seller--but if there's one thing Dan has proven, it's that all of his Robert Langdon books require illustrations. As much as I love the guy's work, I don't want to be strapped down to my computer while I'm reading and then have to STOP reading every five minutes because I have to look up pictures of whatever he just wrote about just so I can know what he's talking about. The alternativve is to continue reading without undertanding and that's just unacceptable. For any lover of the Robert Langdon series, these Illustrated Editions are a must have!
 great
 Good book!
 Having read all of Dan Brown's other novels I can easily say this is not his best work.  The novel starts off strong, with a good mixture of excitement and information.  The background information on the Freemasons as well as Noetic Science were intriguing, it will now be interesting to go and sort out what was fact or fiction.  The first 450 or so pages are typical Dan Brown, filled with the forced cliffhangers we have come to expect.  If you have been a fan of his previous novels, you will definitely feel comfortable with these chapters, and at times feel the book is almost formulaic.  Perhaps it is time for Brown to move away from Robert Langdon and move towards the direction of his earlier novels such as Deception Point.  My main problem with the book came with the ending, which seemed to slow to a crawl, and become very preachy.<br/><br/>Overall, still worth a read, but keep your expectations in line.
 Much of Dan Brown's work, though often fun, is fairly predictable. This is no exception. Not a bad story. A bit formulaic. But most of it pretty poorly edited. (I blame the editor that did not spot the hopeless logical flaws in executing the plot.) Since this was a road book, listened to as we drove long distances, we had to take a break from it every once in a while to keep from becoming soured on the story line. So buy it . . . On SALE. Unlike the earlier Robert Langdon series books, it is not worth full price.<br/><br/>The entire thing reminded me of a bawdy old joke my grandfather once told me; the punch line was a sign that read "you just got f**ked by grandma" (Google it). In this book Brown simply set up formula characters and then knocked them over, one after another. (People came in just to get shot, authority figures simply expected to be recognized, etc. . .) Each carefully crafted lead never led to anything at all so . . .  Each time the story line led into nothing, and this was almost every chapter, we simply said "you just got  f**ked by grandma".
 Not much more to say.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books, and each was well worth it.  The Lost Symbol explored a culture that I grew up close to - the Masons - but about which I knew very little.  What interested me about this book, aside from the theme, was the author's ability to establish mini cliff-hangers at the end of chapters to entice the reader to keep reading.  This reminded me of the Tom Swift series of books I read as a child. I had many of the books, such as Tom Swift and His Jetmarine and Tom Swift and His Flying Lab.  Returning to the present, although The Lost Symbol is great but not as exciting as The DaVinci Code, its future certainly ought to include a movie.  Makes you wonder what really goes on in the world surounding us.
 Once again Dan Brown treats us with a lesson in Masonic history and the art and architecture of Washington DC. I was turned off by the antagonist who was way to much Silence of the Lambs for my taste.
 This is my last Dan Brown book! Not only is the bloom off the rose for this genre, but I think the entire plant has died. I enjoy a good romp outside of "realistic" boundaries, but this is just so obviously a contrived, and unbelievable, story, that I could hardly finish it. Anyway, the Devinci Code was terrific. The Lost Symbol is rubbish! I wish Dan luck in his next line of work.
 Book well used but readable. Received quickly and a enjoyable story.
 I sincerely hope that The Lost Symbol is Dan Brown's last book using this formula.  After The DaVinci Code &amp; Angels and Demons readers will find the story, pace, twists and overall plot very familiar.  Other than the physical setting, there's nothing new here.  Each page felt like I'd read it before because I essentially had in Brown's previous books.  Unfortunately I believe that Dan Brown's books have been getting weaker over time.  Having recently reread <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Digital-Fortress-A-Thriller/dp/B002M3SP32/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Digital Fortress: A Thriller</a> I enjoyed it significantly more than The Lost Symbol, despite its now dated technological references.<br/><br/>I'd wait to buy this until the million copies that sold the first day show up on Amazon for a couple of bucks each used.
 Great read
 I will be as succinct as possible. This book is a waste of time, energy and money spent. Frivolous, spotty plot and supposedly brilliant individuals acting counter to that premise.
 Another great Dan Brown read.
 This is not a bad story. It still provided me plenty entertainment.<br/>However, it can't compare to The Da Vinci Code or The Angels &amp; Demons.<br/>The previous two books blew my mind, from the beginning to the end.<br/>I couldn't put them down and couldn't wait to see what happened.<br/>For The Lost Symbol, there were some surprises and there were some cliches.<br/>I actually guessed some of the big plot surprises before the answers were out.<br/>I think Dan Brown can do better than that.<br/>Maybe I love the previous two books too much. I think it would be really hard to<br/>top those two, or even just be as good.
 Just read "The Lost Symbol" by Dan Brown. Major disappointment. He is repititious to no end, there is barely a plot, and it really reads like he's kissing up to the freemasons. Terrible book. Don't waste your time. No suspense, you know what is going on from the beginning, and you hope against hope there is more, but there isn't.<br/><br/>This truly was a chore to read and based on his other novels you keep reading it hoping it gets better but it doesn't. The Lost Symbol itself is a letdown and the book truly reads like an apology to the freemasons for any issues he caused them in his previous works. This novel may have been better if it was half as long by removing the many, many repeated statements and definitions. It was a chore to read this book and we all expect better from Dan Brown,
 It's definitely a page turner.  I enjoyed it.  However, i did get ahead of it at times and the biological effects of certain events on certain characters seem to be recovered from so quickly as to strain credulity.  Nevertheless, if you enjoy the Langdon novels, this one does not dissappoint.
 I am a huge Dan Brown fan. That said, this is not his best book. It's not terrible, but it's not great either. The pacing is fast, so it's an easy read. As always with Brown, you learn a lot of really interesting things along the way. But, sadly, it doesn't go anywhere. The big "secret" is a big dud. Still, it's entertaining enough to be worth reading. It's still better than a lot of the other crap out there. Just don't expect it to be as good as his others.
 A little slow to get started and I saw the main twist coming a mile away.  Still, I enjoyed the book and would recommend it.
 I looked forward to reading this book, as I have all the previous Dan Brown books. I had high expectations for "The Lost Symbol" as a follow-up to "The Da Vinci Code," especially after waiting so long for it to be written and published. Finally, I got the time to read the book!<br/><br/>All I can say is it was a most disappointing read! The characters are shallow and the plot, or lack thereof, is thin and all but entirely missing! Without flashbacks, this story could have been told in less than 100 pages, which would have made it much less painful to force on myself than the over 500 pages made it. It was more like a penance than a pleasure to read! It might have covered only 50 pages, minus the inane thoughts and snide remarks delivered by EVERY character, ad nauseam, highlighted in italics, on every page. Very few, if any unvoiced comments and thoughts in italics contributed to the suspense of the plot. There was little enough suspense even with the italic thoughts plastered throughout the book! I anticipated a well thought out, intelligent plot with appropriate levels of suspense in a Dan Brown book. At the very least I expected answers to the few 'burning' questions presented. (We all know how sneaky those mysterious Masons can be!) What I got was a poorly written screen play, almost ready for Ron Howard to begin filming...after spicing it up with a little action, not included in the book!
 Still reading it, and learning something interesting on every page.
 I don't necessarily like reading but when I get books I love, such as anything Dan Brown writes, I can't put it down and read the book in just a few days. I loved this book!
 Dan Brown's writing style is -- educational, to be kind. Another term could be downright pedantic. However, he certainly knows how to craft a riveting plot. I scanned quite a few paragraphs, but mostly so I could find out WHAT WOULD HAPPEN NEXT!
 Dan Brown gives the reader many facets of life, culture and society to evaluate in light of the theories he puts forth for consideration.
 After waiting three years for his new book, I was excited to pre-order it and rip through it. His research is, as always, tremendous. That said, this was not my personal favorite of the others and I have read all of Dan Browns books. Near the end I actually put it down because the scene was so disturbing. Don't get me wrong, overall it's a good read, I was just let down. Maybe my expectations were too high. If you have any interest in Freemasonry, this is the book for you. I found the Washington tie ins very interesting. In my opinion Angels and Demons is still his best work!
 This had the same feeling as the Da Vinci Code, the way it was written and the way the story was structured. It felt like I was reading the same book, like it he took the cookie cutter mold of Da Vinci Code and just cranked out another book, only this one had an ending that I thought was very disappointing, especially given all of the build-up. I was expecting something pretty amazing and at the end I just felt "THAT was it??!!". 2 stars just for the effort, I guess. Not worth buying, though. If you read the Da Vinci Code and liked it then just pass on this one. Disappointed for sure! Though it did make me want to visit Washington DC. If they could take whatever facts about the city are true and put it into a booklet, that'd be cool to take on a vacation to DC.
 I looked forward to this book for a long time.  While I did read it fast, in about a week, just because it is an easy read, doesn't make it a great one.  I would compare this book to a James Patterson book (from the last ten years), short chapters, alot of suspense but very little substance.  The Da Vinci Code was packed with interesting information on the history of Christianity but this book failed to deliver on the Freemasons.  After such a long wait, I would have thought Dan Brown would have come up with something better, but it looks like he was maybe a 2-3 hit wonder.  Additionally, the protangonist of this story is just like the others of his earlier works. Yes, there was some interesting information, but it really just cut at the surface and disappointed in the end.
 Exciting book, we'll written and we'll presenting. But the Dan Brown books have become formulaic ... treasure hunts and travelogs together. I still enjoyed it, but figured out several of the big surprises early in the book.
 His books are so good that I hate for them to end!
 I just finished this book. I really liked it. Was it a "can't put it down" page-turner like Angels &amp; Demons and Da Vinci Code were? No. But I am interested in the Masons, always love a good conspiracy theory and liked the message at the end.  It did seem to me it was pre-packaged for a movie but who can blame him? It was an easy, fun read that I would recommend, especially to anyone who already liked Dan Brown's previous books. I find the reviews about him being a bad writer ridiculous. I don't recall reading anywhere that he was comparing himself to Twain or Shakespeare. He writes fun, thrilling books. Have a little fun people. Lighten up.
 A fast paced read, but helicopters can't go into "stealth" mode and Dan Brown should know better.  Though, collective thought can produce  desired outcomes.
 Come on, folks.  It wasn't that bad.  I read 2-3 books per week and this one held my interest, kept me off the internet, up past my bed time to finish it...to me that makes it a good read.  I've read the other Brown books so I knew what to expect and I wasn't disappointed.  Compared to any other mystery/thriller out on the market today this book deserves some attention.  Go have some fun.
 Very interesting thought about science, theology and much more. Good point made about both. Sometimes out fiction knowledge arises. I have read other books about mystic beliefs that sound a lot like what has been said n this book. Certainly food for thought. Read The Secret....it's about how the mind perceives
 First, this novel has too many similarities with Da Vinci Code. A loner who is evil, but loyal to his cause. An old philanthropist. Rituals.<br/><br/>But the climactic chapters are anti-climactic. The plot not quite as captivating.<br/><br/>Some parts of the story have gravity. While others seem like deliberate fillers.
 A great addition to the Langdon series. Highly recommend it, and I'm disappointed the movie studios are skipping this in favor of Inferno, which I found to be less interesting.
 I still enjoy Brown's writing style, but his books are starting to get old.  I wonder if he should drop the Langdon character and go another direction.  The newness has just worn off.  I did get enthralled with reading this book and it kept my attention until the ending kept getting drawn out.  I expected the book to be over multiple times, but no, it just kept going on and on.
 Loved it another hit... Can't wait to read INFERNO...YOU HAVE TO READ IN CASE U HAVEN'T DONE IT BEFORE...
 An entertaining work of fiction culminating profound thoughts so bold as to be controversial yet connected to the wisdom of the ages conveys a message of hope!
 This most probably is the great of the trilogy of Dan Brown, featuring Robert Langdon. I strongly suggest to read this book feel with great twits and knowledge of the unknown. 100% worth it.
 Awesome story! Another Robert Langdon masterpiece!
 I agree with many other readers that this book was a major disappointment.  While Brown's plots were never meant to be entirely realistic, this one seems over the top.  As usual in his books, the fleshing out of the characters just isn't there.  What kind of a guy is Robert Langdon?  We know what he does for a living but little about him as a person. But much of the book was just plain boring - too much time spent on technical details of Noetics, etc.  I did enjoy learning more about the Masons and he did cause me to read up on them online.  But the "explanation" of the Lost Word was just plain silly and not believable.  And his pontificating on the nature of man, religion and the meaning of it all was an exercise in personal indulgence.
 The Lost Symbol was one of Brown's first in this particular series, and certainly kept one's attention, page after page...!!!Along the same lines as the 'Da Vinci Code', &amp; 'Angels &amp; demons' , he keeps you from setting the book down, until you absolutely have to get some sleep...!!!!<br/>Hope D. Brown keeps them coming...!!!
 It was full of promise but ended rather softly. As always Dan Brown's storytelling was excellent, I was just disappointed with the outcome.
 Very good read. Entertaining
 I am a big fan of Dan Brown books.  He also delivers an unexpected ending and his knowledge on his subjects is incredible.  This was a very interesting book that I thoroughly enjoyed.  The Inferno is still my favorite but this was right up there on my list of good books.
 A captivating read.  I learned about the Masonic Order, George Washington was the Apotheosis of Washington DC.  George Washington Monument.  The Pyramid on the One Dollar Bill.  Noetic Science.  Water boarding.<br/>Zachary's transformation.  A very enlightening well written book.
 classic Dan Brown, love the book
 Robert Langdon fans will not be disappointed. The good professor is back, tracking a dangerous assassin through the ranks of the Masons.<br/>With lots of twists and surprises. Dan Brown is, as always, a master storyteller.
 Let me start with this.  If you have never read a Dan Brown book, this was very good.<br/><br/>If you have, however, prepare to be mildly disappointed.  I say mildly because all of the good things we expect from dan brown are there.  The deception, the multi-layered conspiracy, and the eventual rescue of the beautiful damsel in distress.  It just seems a little flat.<br/><br/>Not bad by any means, but not 'The Da Vinci Code' and certainly not 'Angels And Demons.'<br/><br/>Without spoiling the book for those who haven't read it, I will merely say that there are several things in here I was forced to wonder how the great Robert Langdon fell for.<br/><br/>Still a good book, but not the best we have seen from Dan Brown.
 Engaging
 As a fan of the Da Vinci Code - I was eagerly anticipating Dan Brown's newest novel.  I admit, the opening sequences were great, and since I live in Washington DC I have been to all of the places Brown describes in the book.  I admit I discovered new facts about he city that I have lived near for over 20 years and it intrigued me to actually google and confirm several of the facts related in the book.  The story was definately a page turner until the final scenes -POSSIBLE SPOILER!- the ending was a bit long after we solved the mystery of the pyramid.  I know the religous angle was important but seemed a to drag a bit talking about how we are made in god's image - the divinity - etc.
 seldom reader - I enjoyed this book, which is standard Dan Brown structure, but lost interest after the climax of the main plot. exciting path there but bored to tears with last three to four chapters. Take this review for what you will.
 EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED  GREAT PRICE. THANK YOU
 I was desperate for book to pass the time on a recent trip so I grabbed this one on lark.  It didn't quite do the job keeping me amused:  the mix of science, history, modern themes, and masonic conspiracies was weak and ultimately predictable.  I found myself quickly skimming through large passages - especially at the end - as the reader is awkwardly forced to endure yet another lecture on symbology, Christianity, the laughable "science" of noetics, and/or masonic history.<br/><br/>I've never really enjoyed the "National Treasure" movies with Nick Cage, but they were a tad more entertaining than this disappointing novel.
 This was another great tale by Dan Brown. I know that I have been waiting patiently for this book to come out and was excited to have it automatically downloaded to my Kindle on day one of its release.<br/><br/>Like his past thrillers, this one takes you on a roller coaster of a ride with one turn after another. Just when you figure out what is coming up next there is another dip or turn that again changes the outlook.<br/><br/>I will say that while you may see what is coming there will be surprises you won't see. The concept was intriguing and I hope that the Masons will not take this book as hard as the Christians took The Da Vinci Code since it is after all a work of fiction and meant to entertain.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book for its ease of reading and quickly moving plot lines.
 This was another good book by Dan Brown.  Without spoiling the story, I'll just say that it takes place essentially over the course of one day, which I found quite interesting.<br/><br/>It includes intrigue, plot twists, and plenty of action.  However, like many books written today, it seems to be written more like a movie concept that pure literature.  I don't think making money off of one's work is a bad thing.  I just wish it wasn't so obvious.
 I truly enjoyed Dan Brown's Dan Vinci Code but this work of fiction with it's eye glazing explanations of Masonic culture , beliefs and rituals was, for me, total overkill. Found myself skipping entire chapters.
 This book will make you think about all religions. I thought that it was good, but not one that I would read twice. I thought that the narrator did a superb job. I also enjoyed the twist at the end.
 Take Robert Langdon<br/>Shake him into a plot to save the world<br/>Have him meet a scholarly woman<br/>Get them to run around through secret tunnels and traffic<br/>Reference a piece of classic literature throughout<br/>Add a sympathetic villan<br/>and sell it to millions of hopeful readers.
 The Lost Symbol, while interesting and informative (well, to the greatest extent a fiction book can be), lacked the pizazz that Angels and Demons and the DaVinci Code had.  I loved reading about DC and the Capitol building, especially since I was a page and had the opportunity to explore the building.  The sections about the Capitol building were accurate.
 I have read all of his books, and just can't wait for his next adventure. He gives a whole new meaning to the word "suspense".
 I couldn't put the book down till the end.<br/>No spoilers here, but it isn't like the National<br/>Treasure, and probably could never be made<br/>into a movie because the locations are off<br/>limits.  It would be good if they did, because<br/>Tom Hanks needs to star in a movie that<br/>doesn't bomb.
 Can't wait for the movie!
 Very intriguing book. I truly enjoyed it. Dan Brown is a fantastic story teller. I always enjoy his books and his work.
 Slow moving but Wow! A whopper at the end that even I didn't imagine although it was glaring me in the face.
 Please remove from pending list.  I order too many books to review each.  Additionally, individual's tastes differ and my opinion of a book should have no bearing on anyone elses.  If enough people like it, it will make the best seller list.
 My son got me into reading Dan Browne starting with Angels &amp; Demons.  I usually read N. Roberts and C. Coulter but really enjoyed this series of books. This book kept me engrossed and wanting to read more.  Look forward to the next one.
 I've forgotten much about this book but I like Brown's novels in general.  This one I remember being not as compelling as Da Vinci Code.
 I would cut this book back and force... It's not "Angels and Demons" or "Da Vinci Code". It is still an ok reading with familiar character.
 This is an exciting book that literally takes off in the first few pages and never lets up. Whether you believe in the symbolism and mysteries is up to you, but the story itself is fun.
 Excellent! Product exactly as described, very fast shipping, a pleasure to do business with.<br/>Thanks.<br/>Bob
 Considering other Dan Brown/Robert Langdon books this one was a good read though a little too long without needing to be but the ending was extremely anticlimactic. Unless you are a Dan Brown/Robert Langdon fan I would pass on reading it.
 I've read all Dan's books (even the one on cryptology "Digital Fortress" - BTW, I think that was his best) and did like the Da Vinci Code very much. But the Lost Symbol has moved away from some of his best writing and seems to be more of a platform to expound upon his personal beliefs.  In fact, from chapter 125 on, the remainder of the book is just a story form of a manual on Noetics. I believe Dan is trying to push a bit of his personal views in a fictional book - not the first time, of course, but more blatantly then ever before.<br/><br/>If you read it, then you will read the entire book.  But you will look back and wonder why the last 8th of the books was even included, other than for Dan's rantings.
 Very intesting in the idea of God is mam. Not sure if I agree or even understand it but gave a lot to think b about
 Read all the books this one is by far the best. I love all the history and locations used in the book the plot twists. Inspired me to go visit some of the sites with new eyes!
 The problem with this novel is that for all its suspense and promise of arriving at some grand revelation it leaves you feeling as though you just went around in a huge complicated circle and ended up right back where you began.  As the NYT review stated, at least Raiders of the Lost Ark actually delivered the Ark.  Lost Symbol delivers a bunch of New Age nonsense in the end.
 Excellent.  Thought provoking. Thriller from beginning to end.
 This is another great book by an excellent author. I think his character is one for the ages up there with Holmes himself.
 Excellent work of fiction from a master of the art of historical fiction!  Hopefully a movie will be in the works for all who are visually driven, or who are challenged with their inability to read,  will also have an opportunity to enjoy the awesome journey this book provides.
 Dan Brown did it again.  He weaved a very interesting story into a complex but superbly intertwined study of the architectural, historical, political and artistic aspects of "the Capitol", the pulsating heart of our nation.  His leading character's specialty for decoding symbols kept me intrigued and made me wish for a class on the subject
 Not as good as Divinci code or angels and demons, but still good. He certainly knows his way around Italy. Everywhere he goes you can almost visualize what the places look like in your head because he is so detailed. Otta be a travel guide.<br/>Anyway, a good read. Enjoyed it.
 The book was forced and stupid. The concept was bad. I really did not enjoy this book. His others were better in that they were more believable and intriguing, while this based all these murders around a really, really stupid secret that no one should have cared about.
 This book was very eye opening. I am desperate to get my hands on the next book. I will continue to read his books in the future.
 Enjoyable as always
 Is there anything by Dan Brown as an author that you don't like?  He  takes you through a historical and intriguing body of work that keeps you buying more and more books.  Worth reading and saving in your Kindle to read again or share with someone else.
 I loved the Da Vinci Code.  I devoured it in about two days.  I never thought Brown was Hemmingway, but he seemed a master of dramatic pace and tension.  I may yet finish reading The Lost Symbol some day. Maybe I'll just skip to the end to see if anything ever happens. Seriously, it took him how many years to write this?  I don't think it's really Dan Brown's fault.  He probably had one terrific editor for the Da Vinci code, someone who condensed his hundreds of aimless pages into a taunt thriller.  Sadly, that editor wasn't assigned this book.  Dan Brown is probably too big for any underpaid editor to suggest that his prose needs a complete overhaul.  But it is we the readers who must suffer ... bland cardboard characters who say tedious things over and over again with overused clichés ... entire chapters that do nothing to advance the plot ... a villain who is simply comical ... and a tailor-made central mystery that never seems to take off ... oh, and an iPhone commercial early in the book! Sadly, there's not an app to make this one more readable.  So glad I only paid $9.99 for the e-book!
 Ordered it for a friend. He was pleased.
 Dan Brown is one my favorites - I'm glad he doesn't publish his books so often - Makes me look forward to his next one
 This might be the most disappointing book I have ever read.  The DaVinci Code was magic.  Oh sure, the history wasn't exactly spot on, but it was a thrilling read.<br/>The Lost Symbol just meandered its way to nowhere.  Then just when I was relieved it was finally over, it went on another 50 pages.  Ouch.
 Having read every book written by Dan Brown I was really looking forward to enjoying another exciting adventure with his characters.  I'm sorry to have to say that this book did not deliver for me.  Other reviews in this venue touch on the same issues I would raise with respect to the cliche characters, etc.  But for me, of greater import was my not being able to buy into the premise that was the basis for the whole "national security crisis" string.  While it was somewhat interesting to read about the Masonic rituals portrayed as being part of a secret video that would cause chaos througout the world, I don't think most people would get all that upset.  We have much more to be upset about these days perhaps.  I'm disappointed with this one - sorry!
 Bought this for the voracious reader in the family. She loved it. She reads so many books that a few months after reading one she forgets what it was about and can read it again for the first time. She read "The DaVinci Code" and<br/>"Angels and Demons," and had to have this one too.
 Every bit as good as his first two books.  Would not make a good movie like Divinci Code.  Looking forward to his new book in 2017.
 No kidding. I did not think I could ever say that, but I was hard pressed to finish it. It was tedious and boring at times, while at others being a Dan Brown book taking your breath away. Go figure. I would borrow it from the library instead of paying for it.
 Good, enjoyable. but not quit as good as Origins
 It's disappointing. Given his previous 2 books,( Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons), this book lacks the intrigue and explanation of symbols.  What else can I say except that I do not recommend it.
 Good read. Similar to another book by Dan Brown.
 Great book, very  educative and informative. A little bit long and philosophic but always pleasure reading these kind of books.
 After properly heaping abuse on Christianity in "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code," Dan Brown appears to offer an abject apology to Christians in his new and very boring "The Lost Symbol." The symbol that is lost is the Bible itself, the "word," with an eerie quasi-scientific "noetics" new age bent.  It's a long, long way to a very little house - this story.<br/><br/>Filled with inaccurate facts, populated with boring to mind-numbing characters, and a plot that goes nowhere very, very slowly, Brown has created an unreadable and pitifully inadequate commercial product with his newest (and failed) endeavor, "The Lost Symbol."<br/><br/>The so-called story line is borderline ridiculous.  As Bertrand Russell once wrote, "It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this."  Unfortunately for the reader, Russell's observation is oh-so-true here. All of the characters from the evil Mal'akh, to Peter Solomon, to Katherine Solomon, to Robert Langdon and to CIA director Sato and other minor players are jokes, stick figures, irrational, uninteresting and totally unlikable. Too many of the pages are filled with bizarre, violent, grisly and inhumane descriptions of people at their worst, while they abuse and terrorize others in the extreme. Not one of the torture or abuse scenes was readable.<br/><br/>Brown uses the literary technique of dialogue to teach the reader arcane (and inaccurate) stuff, all of which is immensely boring and obtuse: architecture; Masonic history; and Washington, D.C. geography and architectural history. As a result, almost all the dialogue is unrealistic and mind-numbing. You will, as I did, scan and skip over most of it, in order to keep yourself from throwing the book to the floor in frustration and disgust, while trying to retain the thread of the story.  There is way too much comic book style "eek!" "egad!" "gosh!" "holy cow!" stuff. Whenever you see that many exclamation points in a supposed literary text, you know the author is in trouble. And, the silent thoughts (in italics no less) of the characters are all - repeat all -- stupid or worse.<br/><br/>This is not the worst book I have read in the past 5 years, but it's a close runner up to other publications I have endured to the end, but those were admittedly known to be trash to begin with.<br/><br/>This new age nonsense rates only a 1.  Dan Brown, what on earth were you thinking of?  Your "The Lost Symbol" is a joke. I forced myself to finish it only because I promised that I would loan it to my neighbor. He need not return it.
 This highly anticipated book was a slow and gradual let down. I was caught up in the excitment and drama all the way until the last few chapeters. The characters had me interested enough in the plot and having been to DC, it was fun to think about all the landmarks and hidden possibilites of the city. I thought the Noetic lab was interesting but we never fully understand the science and the "proven" research that is is often mentioned. Dan Brown had me all the way until the end, where the big secret was elusive and unfulfilling. I felt a bit preached to about religious beliefs, bringing the last few chapeters to an outdated and uninteresting ending. I actually forced myself to read the epilogue; at that point I just didn't care anymore and wanted to wrap up the Lost Symbol. If there was an actual point behind the drama and excitment of the book I know this would have been as successful as The Da Vinci Code.
 Look, I think the world at large is aware that Dan Brown isn't going to be the next John Milton or David Foster Wallace. And I don't think anyone picks up a Dan Brown book expecting to get a factual crash course in art history. What you CAN expect from a Dan Brown book, though, is the written version of an action movie, complete with cheesy dialogue, questionable timing, and leaps of logic. If you want a book that will really challenge you, you're looking in the wrong spot. But if you want an entertaining treasure hunt that will let you turn your brain off for awhile and just go along for the ride, then try to shut off your inner editor and just enjoy these books for what they are.<br/><br/>That being said, I agree with previous reviewers about the repetitive nature of this book. There was a lot of running from point A to point B, followed by a bunch of info-dump dialogue that Robert Langdon scoffs at, and then some more running.<br/><br/>Speaking of Professor Langdon's scoffing, you'd think that with everything he went through in the previous books, he'd have an easier time believing in the legends people are telling him are real.<br/><br/>My third and final complaint was that the thing all the characters were so worked up about? Not really that big a deal. I'm not sure we really needed all the histrionics, because the stakes didn't turn out to be all that high after all. If characters are going to spend all night in a tizzy over something, and get me worked up along with them, there needs to be a satisfying payoff.<br/><br/>HOWEVER! Although I bought the Kindle version at first, I also got the audiobook, and that kept me suitably entertained for two weeks while commuting. So that's something. Thanks, Dan.
 The Lost Symbol, Novel by Dan Brown. Such a great writer, he keeps you on the edge of your seat through the whole book.You are immersed in the book and the characters. Your sad when the book ends because you want to read more. Just as good as his other books and can't wait to start Inferno.
 There is much being written about the problems with Dan Brown's writing and they are valid; I have enjoyed his ability to tell a good story though. With "angels" and "da Vinci" there was fast pacing, impossible situations somehow escaped. It's pure escapism. But boy, "symbol" really kind of fell apart. I found myself getting toward the end and coming close to tossing the book because it was all so obvious and superficial. The big "twist" , the character reveal that I assume was supposed to shock was one that was clear from early on in the book. He has a tendency to over describe, over explain and this time it revealed this big reveal much too soon. I can't help but feel tightening up the writing could tighten the plot and be more suspenseful.<br/>Of the three book, this is, in my opinion, the least of the three. If they make a movie from this one maybe leaving some stuff out would make for a better movie (unlike "Angels" where I sat through the movie saying "no", "it wasn't like that" and being irritated by the elimination of one or two of the book's significant characters.)<br/>The area of Noetic Sciences is fascinating, really exists, and continues to reveal that the more we learn the less we seem to know. I appreciate Brown "delving" into this area of understanding even if mangling it a bit.<br/>On reflection I'm not sorry I read the book, I just wish it had been several degrees better.
 like
 For me, Dan Brown's books are like Domino's cheese and tomato sauce pizzas:  they aint bad, but they aint good either.  "The Lost Symbol" is admittedly a page-turning, up to a certain point, and then the book bogs down and sloshes over the same items again and again and again.  Toward the end, I found myself skimming the book because I could tell it was all over and what I was reading was just filler. And the ending of the book was really disappointing, but it wasn't as stupid as "Angels and Demons" which was mind-bogglingly asinine.  But Brown does manage to make the reader sit back and say "Oh, come on!" once again when the hero, Langdon, is trapped in a box--I won't say more.<br/><br/>Brown's writing style hasn't changed much:  his Perils-of-Pauline chapter structure continues for over a hundred or so chapters.  Rather than adding interest or suspense, after a while it is predictable and downright annoying.  Getting back to our hero for a moment:  he's a cardboard cut-out.  We get to learn precious little more about him; he is merely a vehicle by which Brown can transport us across the DC landscape. The villain is nicely grotesque and villainy.  There's a kind of a heroine, I guess.  And the supporting characters are shades and degrees between the two extremes.<br/><br/>There is no doubt that the plot is entertaining.  And the Mason references are all very interesting.  Hopefully, however, much of Brown's linguistic pontification and erudition will not be taken all that seriously, as for example, his explanation of the etymology of the word "sincere," which is more folk etymology than fact.<br/><br/>Lastly, this review is on the Kindle edition, so I didn't have a chance to participate in the decoding of the cover game that owners of the hard-bound edition were privy to.  The formatting was very nice (Kindle 2), but I still can't understand how spell and grammar checker allows certain typos to get through, as I've seen in several Kindle editions.
 It's not as gripping as "The DaVinci" Code, but it's a good book and  worthy of a movie version.  I think Tom Hanks has already signed up.  In typical Dan Brown fashion, the story is as informative as it is exciting.<br/><br/>Paul Baragona  Raleigh, NC  USA
 An absolute must read! Dan Brown's masterly writing and story telling skills catches you right from the start and keeps you to very last word. His ability to integrate factual data with fictional lines puts him in a very small group of writers.
 We waited 5 years for this?  It's really too bad this book didn't come out before The DaVinci Code or Angels and Demons.  I truly liked both of those books, actually I have enjoyed all of his books.  This book was just WAY too formulaic.  It was the Angels and Demons, but fill in the blanks with The Lost Symbol information.<br/><br/>If this book had come first, I really think it would have been better received.  It was full of interesting things about Washington D.C. and lots of little known facts, but the story was overshadowed by the similarity of his other books.<br/><br/>Like Michael Crichton, you can't fault his research.  Well done and quite factual, but come on Dan - next time change it up a bit.
 Anything by Dan Brown is going to be a fascinating read.
 The Lost Symbol is another masterfully written novel by Dan Brown.  Not only does it contain all of the suspense, factual reference, and conspiracy theory that one would expect from Dan Brown, but this time he throws in some unusual twists that will prevent you from ever putting it down.<br/><br/>If I had to really nitpick and point out negatives, I would probably say that the story contains a few (a very few) predictable outcomes; Brown's writing contains the usual editorial errors; and the ending isn't exactly mind blowing by any means.  All in all, however, there are many more positives than negatives, and any reader who enjoys an involved story and an elaborate plot will enjoy reading this book.
 Don't waste your time on this. Could have ended in 200 pages yet the author chose to write garbage after garbage.
 To say that this was a big disappointment is an understatement. This book is weak, meandering and contrived. It is clear that Brown just wanted to make money. The book was boring.It made no sense, was not compelling in any way. I resented the time I spent reading it- hoping that perhaps it would eventually develop into something - it never did.
 I couldn't wait for this book and had it read within 1 week of its release.  But, I guess I just didn't get it. First, it is time for new material - this one seems to do-over Angels and Demons and DaVinci Code.  Same old same old.  Second, I kept plodding on, just knowing that the ending would be worth it, that the secret would be awesome.... but it wasn't.  I don't want to refer to that secret here and spoil it for others, but I was let down and just thought - "big deal"!  I've read all of Dan Brown's books and loved them all, but this one just wasn't good for me.  I'll wait for the next one and hope he picks up a different subject and comes back with something as great as Angels and Demons.
 I love Dan Brown, I think he is a decent writer and his books are fun to read. The Lost Symbol is no exception, it was very entertaining through most of the book, but unfortunately I did not like the ending. I think the booked hyped up what they were trying to find way too much to only turn out what it was (sorry, don't want to spoil the ending). The book itself wasn't bad, at some points I couldn't put it down (which usually happens with all his books) but I think he already passed the apex of his writing after DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons. Basically, what I mean is that although his books are entertaining, they are not great writing. I'm not saying I will not read any of his future books, but I will definitely not except much of them. Hopefully, he proves me wrong. We shall see.
 Gave me much to think about, beyond the mystery which was spellbinding as usual, the philosophy shared left me wanting to search more.
 This book was very disappointing.  Brown delivers a good page turner as his story unfolds.  No real complaint there.  But the end?  It's not quite as bad as one of those stories where someone wakes up in the end from a dream so none of it happened.  But this book contains several murders and involves a high-level CIA official, the architect of the U.S. Capitol and the head of the National Cathedral in a frantic effort to stop a terrible threat to national security and a revelation that will change the course of human history -- perhaps, gasp, with dire consequences.  But once Brown has peeled this onion to its core, there's nothing there.  Yawn.  I guess it doesn't matter if you produce a weak book if you've become famous enough that your publisher knows it will sell.
 As with all Dan Brown stories the action starts on page one.  In this story he delves into the culture of the Masons, with all the symbolism and secrets for which this society is known (or should I say not known).  It is a real page turner, with lots of action to keep the reader engaged.<br/><br/>The story follows a formula of having two narratives being played out in alternate chapters.  This formula driven story along with predictable situations, kept it at 4 stars for me.  It is not as good as his previous books but it is still one hell of a good read.  If you are planning any long hall flights, then this is the book for you!
 Good puzzle but the book was totally unrealistic, even for Brown, too non-scientific, and too new-age preachy with a very disappointing reveal. Gave no real insight into Freemadonry despite the promises. Underwhelming. Should have been 200 pages shorter. But it was a distraction.
 This book has none (I repeat, NONE) of the qualities that made _Angels and Demons_ and _The DaVinci Code_ so good.  The plot of _The Lost Symbol_ is just patently absurd.<br/><br/>For all of Brown's blathering about the Masons, this supposedly "secret" society has the worst-kept secrets in the world. The ritual Mr. Brown elects to describe at the beginning of _The Lost Symbol_ can be found nearly verbatim at any public library in the country (or on-line for that matter -- in fact, you can purchase it from the United Grand Lodge of England)...  Brown just hasn't done his research very well. This scene has so many factual errors that it's almost comical (I've been a Freemason for nearly 30 years so I should know!).<br/><br/>I asked one of my friends who is a 33rd degree Scottish Rite Mason (yes, the 33rd degree ONLY exists in the Scottish Rite) about the scene involving watching the Solomon video that is supposed to provide the "national security crisis" that necessitates the CIA's involvement in the story.  There is no "fifth libation" in the Scottish Rite (its a part of the Order of the Temple in the Knights Templar -- part of the York Rite -- a totally separate group!).  Brown could've asked any of about 10 million different people or gone to any public library to find this out...but he didn't.  For an effort that took 5 years of research, this is really inexcusable...<br/><br/>The character of Katherine Solomon is just there to provide screams in the right places.  And what does Noetic Science have to do with ANY of this anyway?  None of this is ever fully developed.  The Robert Langdon that appears in this book serves mainly as a telegraph that something is important.  There's no character development at all -- just psycho-babble about pseudo-history and global conspiracies.<br/><br/>In a story like this, it's the bad guy that drives it...  The bad guy in this one is just not very believable (even with the plot twist at the end that's supposed to wrap the bad guy's story up and expose his motivation).  It's reminiscent of the the story of the Joker (Batman's arch-nemesis)...except, as we have seen, the Joker is a far more interesting character with a far more complex psychological make-up than the villain of _The Lost Symbol_ is given.<br/><br/>The chase is ridiculous...and toward the end, it devolves into a lot of mumbo-jumbo that sounds like Latin phrases and funny names and mystical chanting just strung together for effect.  Let's hope Ron Howard makes a far more interesting movie than this book was for me.  He'll need a VERY GOOD script writer in order for the film version of _The Lost Symbol_ to be anything more than a 21st-century version of the Keystone Kops (does ANYONE think the CIA is as inept as portrayed here?) with dark, foreboding music and Langdon's moronic (italicized) dramatic asides thrown in for effect.<br/><br/>_The Lost Symbol_ is formulaic pap that wasn't very entertaining.  When one can figure out the ending of the book by about the 100th page, the author needs to find a new line of work!
 This is possibly the best of the Robert Langdon series. Knowing that for the first time the story is literally in our nation's heartland makes it special. Learning about the hidden symbols of our forefathers that we in modern day over look is fascinating.<br/>Not only was the book thrilling from start to finish, the twists make it unputdownable. I also enjoyed the fact that there wasn't a hidden love story in the excitement. Dan Brown you've done it again! I can't wait for May 15.
 Dan Brown's long awaited and much anticipated book satisfied and disappointed at the same time.  If you can overlook the sometimes awkward writing and the didactic speeches towards the end, The Lost Symbol delivers a fast paced, action-packed narrative that entertains and hopefully (if all Dan Brown's clain in the beginning that all the art, monuments, rituals and organizations that exist in the book are real), educates.  Brown is at his best explaining symbols, rituals, secret societies and conspiracies.  He is at his worst describing characters and the mundane details of their everyday life.  Early in the book, our narrator tells us that our hero after his fifty laps at the university pool in the morning, is home around six when "he began his morning ritual hand-grinding Sumatra coffee beans and savoring the exotic scent that filled his kitchen."   ...].<br/><br/>Brown, however, becomes more adept at describing other rituals.  Thank goodness.  He writes well when he is talking about the Freemasons, the Knight Templars and George Washington.  He explains art and symbolism well, he's just a little awkward when it comes to fictional characters.  It's like reading a scientific journal with a little bit of Harlequin Romance imagery thrown in to keep the reader interested, so if you can get past the awkwardness Brown can tell a good story.<br/><br/>WARNING: SPOILER ALERT<br/><br/>What I haven't decided, however, is if I like the author's deceptive manipulation of the writing to obscure the plot line.  If you're a detective novel enthusiast, you might probably figure out earlier in the book the true identity of the book's antagonist.  But if you examine the text, you will realize that the author gives you no basis for your suspicions, other than the hunch that such a vengeful spirit could only exist if the stakes were higher.  Dan Brown carefully weaves his words so we are constantly surprised by who's the evil one and who's in cahoots with him and why.  He also seems to take pleasure in making Robert Langdon the ultimate skeptic, and in the process, making him seem incredibly dim and actually, quite stupid.  The man who can speak multiple languages have a photographic memory and can solve the most unsolvable puzzles in the world sometimes acts like the victim in a teen horror movie.  No! Don't go in that door! Don't you know the killer is in there?  All this in the interest of moving the action along, I suppose, like just the purpose they serve in horror movies.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon poses as the ultimate Doubting Thomas, refusing to believe, unable to accept, and then suddenly, before our book ends, he is converted.  Though I do not know that it is a completely unbelievable ending for our hero, what I find difficult to dismiss is how much of this book Dan Brown's manifesto to get the right-wing Christians  to stop criticizing him from having his character proclaim in previous books that he did not believe in God.  Or their particular God.  Towards the end, the book becomes more and more theological in spirit.  I have no qualms in including a theological discussion in a work of fiction.  I am a big fan of Dante's Inferno.  Many great books (all if you believe Joseph Campbell's Hero with a Thousand Faces which I am sure Brown read and included its ideas in his book) have been written to wrestle with the idea of good versus evil and is there an ultimate good.  Dan Brown uses ideas from Plato, Socrates, Dante, Campbell, Jung and the list goes on and on.  But ultimately what I am interested in when I pick up Dan Brown is did he tell a good story?  I can see that a movie of this book will yet again be criticized for extremely long misplaced dialogues explaining philosophical teachings and scientific theories.  I can see two actors trying to discuss Noetic Sciences and Aristotle as they run away from bad guys down a long dark tunnel.  Movie possibilities aside, The Lost Symbol is still an entertaining book, one that I'm sure will provoke great interest in many, many topics both religious and philosophical, and hopefully, a renewed interest to visit our great American capital and visit its fine if sometimes boring museums.
 I really enjoyed reading this book. Being a member of the Masons I found it to be very informative.  Dan Brown always does his homework when he writes a book.  While being a work of fiction the references to the Masons is done very well.  Masons have gotten a bad reputation because of some of its critics, and this helps show the craft in better light.  Remember, Shriner's are Masons and look at all the good they do, The Shriner's Hospital.  Read this book and you will have a positive of Masonry and its members.  A lot of great men in history were Masons.  I highly recommend this book.
 I thought it was wonderful. It was especially fascinating because all of the buildings the author wrote about are right here in the USA. You can take a trip to D.C. and check out many of the things he wrote about for yourself. I also enjoyed the Spiritual lesson as well.
 Yes, we have another Robert Langdon book, and yes,we have another torridly paced thriller that keeps the reader enthralled right up to the final chapter.<br/>We also have another great villain in Maleklek'h.  I can recommend this book,but I did not care for the final payoff. I found it uninteresting.<br/>If you like to read about Masonic Lore, you will love this book!
 If you are an American History fan, this is a great book for you.  Found myself looking up the various DC buildings as I was reading on my ebook..  AS with other Dan Brown books, the last half of the book is so gripping that you can not put it down.  Well Done!!
 The Lost Symbol hits a literary iceberg and sinks!<br/>Why am I flashing on Nicholas Cage and the movie "National Treasure" as I read Dan Brown's new mystery thriller The Lost Symbol?  Sadly, This book is simply bad.  No it is terrible!  4 times I stopped reading this mish mash of implausible, incomprehensible drivel.  But I refused to let Mr. Brown win and plowed through to the bitterest of ends-and was not rewarded for my efforts.  What a colossal waste of time.  How someone could write such a fine novel as The Da Vinci Code and then turn out this tripe is utterly amazing.<br/>The plot was marginal, the characters weak, the telling of the story ludicrous.  I wouldn't go any further as I know many people will read this book simply because it was a follow up to his wonderful mega best seller The Da Vinci Code, and I do not want to be a spoiler and ruin what little suspense there is, but let me warn you there's not much there.<br/>Character development was weak to poor.  Mostly implausible.  My favorite character is Inoue Sato, a dried up, old CIA hag who carried much of the book through her abrasiveness.<br/>No gratuitous sex, language or violence.  In fact not much of anything.<br/>Not Recommended.  Save your money.  I cannot even recommend this book as a paperback.  This novel will greatly harm Mr. Brown's literary stature as a novelist.  I expected so much, and he delivered so little.  It will be interesting to see what Mr. Brown does next, and if he can recover any of his Da Vinci Code magic.  Sorry but that's how I see it.
 This book Robert Langdon has his hands full will all the twists and turn in the plot.<br/>Just when you think he will be killed some how the chain of events intervene.<br/>This a "Hard to Put Down" book - bring plenty of snacks and drinks -<br/>You will need it !!<br/>George
 Lots of plot twists that you don't see coming.  Very interesting read with so much detail about actual places that it is easy to get caught up with the characters.  You must keep reading because you can't wait to see what comes next.  Dan Brown keeps you guessing at which characters are on who's side.
 28 August 2010..Lost Symbol (large print) was recommended to me by my local libraian.  She thinks it was in the top 5 best-books published in 2009.  I am 1/4 of the way thru it, and the story keeps building all the time.  Can't wait till the end.  Fast reading and an excellent choice of words in the English language.  RMS, age 78, in NE FL, the Jacksonville area.
 Could use more photos and illustrations.  Never been to Washington D.C. so I had to look up some of the features described in the book.  Overall a great experience.
 The only thing missing when I opened the cover of Dan Mason"s<br/>Masonic thriller is the glorious music from THE MAGIC FLUTE BY<br/>mOZART ALSo ABOUT fREEMASONRY. however, the book with it's three pronged plot makes the trials of TANINO and PAMINA almost one-<br/>dimensional<br/> First we meet MALA'KH,a thirty three degree Mason covered with<br/>tatoos and pancake makeup.Evil exudes from Brown"s depiction of this arch villain.<br/>  Second we are re-aquainted with professor/detective Robert Langdon mysteriously summoned to Washington,D.C..There in the<br/>middle of the U.S. Capitol Rotunda he comes across a severed hand.<br/>Upon close examination he concludes that it is the hand of his<br/>missing friend, Peter Soolomon. The hand has been skewered to a spike and is covered with arcane tatoos indicating that it is<br/>THE HAND OF THE MYSTERIES" WICH POINTS TO SECRETS held by ancient<br/>sorcererd and scientists.<br/>  while Langdon combs the Capitol basement accompanied<br/>by SATO, the wizened and hard-boiled female director of the CIA<br/>A MODERN DAY "tokyo rose"<br/>  while all this is going on KATHERINE,PETER SOLOMON"S SISTER is<br/>wringing her hands in fear of what has happened to her brother<br/>wHILE OUT IN THE SECRECY OF HER smithsonian research lab.<br/>  "MALAKH" SNEAKS up on her, drowns her ASSISTant in a tun of<br/>ethyl alcohol in the company of a giant squid.<br/>  Up to this point THE LOST SYMBOL is a technineolgical thriller<br/>but Dan Brown's sensitivity and metaphysical side start to come into<br/>play.<br/> One of my favorite parts takes place at the National Cathedral;<br/>Mt St Alban"s, Massaachusetts Avenue. My husband and I were married<br/>there in the Bethlehem Chapel (lower level) by a Canon of the<br/>Cathedral 47 years ago and our son was baptized in the Children's<br/>room with its mural depicting Biblical scenes on the main floor.<br/>Dean Galloway is the wizened blind prelate who gives Katherine<br/>and Robert "sanctuary" if only temporarily.The wicked action starts<br/>up again;but me,being a linguist is quite taken with something<br/>Dan Brown teaches us: it seems that Robert has been carrying a small<br/>Masonic pyramid and gold capstone in his bag. Very odd symbols<br/>in a grid are scratched upon these items. Robert boils them,Why?<br/>they are covered with protective wax. In Latin wax is "cera"<br/>"sine" means without". The professor wants to remove the wax the<br/>better to decipher the real thing. "Sine cera"="sincere" a word<br/>we use every day from the Latin "free of wax" How cool is that?<br/>  Summing up, as a Roman Catholic I dreaded reading a book<br/>supposedly about Freemasonry. Did it mock my church? Far from it<br/>In the last chapter a modern day Resurrection takes place, weird<br/>but no weirder than living after being nailed to a Cross.<br/>  This book can touch every fiber of everyone's heart and SOUL<br/>It did mine.<br/>  by Nina Lockwood  ( ...])
 Books was described as good condition, but was in 'ok' condition. The cover was bent/folded corners, and the pages appeared to have gotten wet at some point. This was t be a Christmas present, but not now! Very disappointing!!!!
 =The Da Vinci Code= was a hard act to follow, and I can't say that Dan Brown either met or exceeded the standards he established in his previous book, which discredited (nay, virtually decimated) Christianity and exposed the many atrocities committed in its name, to the delight of many who were really sick of the Christian fascism exhibited by so many far right-wing Republicans during the Bush administration.<br/><br/>Dan Brown books always contain a large amounts of very interesting background information and this one didn't disappoint in that area, with its many details about Masonry, noetic science, symbolism in paintings by Albrecht Durer, references to hidden science in ancient scripture, mysticism, the relationship between the mind and quantum physics, the power of intention, the effects of meditation, and attaining mental powers by merging with "The One".<br/><br/>The author talked a great deal about the "Lost Word", the "Ineffable Word"--- which, if a person were to discover it or accidentally say it, he could become instantly enlightened and endowed with omniscience and an understanding of buried Ancient Mysteries that have been sought by Masons, Rosicrucians, philosophers, meditators, alchemists, and other assorted occultists.  But one of the places where the book failed for me is how at the end, the author is not terribly clear about what his definition of the Lost Word exactly is.  First he says it's a circumpunct, a circle with a dot inside of it that represents The Source or merging with The One, which makes a great deal of sense from a mystical or Eastern philosophy standpoint.  But then he starts talking about how "The Word" equals the Bible, where some have found hidden scientific meanings.  Or, "Laus Deo", which translates as "Praise God".  Or, "Jeova Santus Unus", which translates as "One True God".<br/><br/>So--- the thing that offends me about the end of the book is that first he comes to a mystical solution, but then it seems like he twists it to make it sound like a Christian solution.  It's almost as though he was coming to the end of a really good book, but then a bunch of Republicans kidnapped him, took him into a room and told him how his previous book made them really  mad, and then they forced him to put a Christian twist onto the end of this one.<br/><br/>It would make sense, from a Masonic standpoint, to "merge" all religions together at the end of the book, because Masonry does merge all religions, but it just seemed to me that with all of the expostulating about "Praise God" and "the Word equals the Bible" and "One True God" that he was coming to more of a Christian conclusion, which to me was disappointing and somewhat offensive.  At the very end, he speaks of "God" as a symbol of man's potential, but I guess the fact that is sounded like a male god instead of an androgynous "god" made it seem Christian to me instead of universal.<br/><br/>The character Mal'akh made more sense, in a weird sociopathic way, when he was talking about trying to attain "fleshless sentience" (that would occur during meditation) and his statement about how god had no gender and was an androgyne.  That is what the ancients believed and it makes sense today, because:  Asking a woman to worship a male god is sexist, and diminishes the woman.  Asking a black person to worship a white god is racist and diminishes the black person, asking a homosexual to worship a chaste heterosexual makes no sense, and asking the mother of a child to worship a "pure" virgin makes her seem unclean because she has been de-virginated.<br/><br/>I was also interested in the "John gesture" made by the severed hand and made in what Dan Brown says are three of Leonardo's paintings (but it is also made by the baby representing John the Baptist in the Madonna of the Rocks, so it's actually in FOUR of Leonardo's paintings). I read something in Madame Blavatsky about how a raised index finger was supposed to signify "back to the grove", i.e., back to the paganism, back to the mystery schools that practiced sacred sexuality and rituals that killed the king so that the crops could grow, but he was always "risen" or resurrected by a woman, with whom he then "merged" sexually in the same way that mystics merge with The One.  Actually, in Leonardo's painting of St. John the Baptist, his forefinger is "risen" but so is another part of his anatomy, which would tie in with the whole sacred sexuality aspect of Madame Blavatsky's explanation of the gesture. But--- Dan Brown just says that this gesture, also depicted in a statue of George Washington, is "a well-known symbol of the Ancient Mysteries" and an invitation to be initiated into mysteries or ancient knowledge (or the hieros gamos).<br/><br/>Another thing that bothered me about the book:  Katherine, the noetic scientist, talks about how "today's science was not so much making 'discoveries' as it was making 'rediscoveries'" because mankind had "let go" what they once knew.  Well, I think the author should have pointed out that the reason much of the ancient science was lost was because Christians (and also Muslims) burned the Library of Alexandria, in their attempts to destroy paganism and science and enhance religion, and that efforts to nourish science were further inhibited by the Church during the 1000 years following the Fall of Rome, which were completely dominated by Christianity.<br/><br/>Anyway, it's a very interesting book--- but the conclusion is ... somewhat murky.
 In one sense, Dan Brown writes so well you already feel like you're seeing everything, but it was fun to go back and see if the pictures match the ones in your head.  I think all Dan Brown books should be illustrated.  I wish the first editions all came that way.
 I enjoyed the book, it is full of masonic information few readers would know otherwise. I think it paints a positive view of the society and its complicated contribution to america founding
 pretty much Dan Brown formula - fun to learn about Masonic myths and reality, along with the impact of the Masons on DC
 It is true my expectations were high after Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code , but oh my god. It felt like a poor attempt at a book at best. It is a screenplay for the movie that I'm sure will follow. Is is not a novel. It definitely has its twists and turns but they make absolutely no sense.<br/><br/>Da Vinci Code was trully inspiring. It was able to shake people minds and that what makes a book great. Lost Symbol is a waste of time and money. Movie is going to be a much better experience.<br/><br/>It is sad to see what happens to writers once they achieve financial success. They become pupperts of the movie industry executives.
 While Dan Brown has cornered the market on interesting plots with all sorts of interesting information on secret societies ( in this case the Masons), his writing style has not matured. He still uses overwrought similes, stiff dialog and has a poor narrative voice.<br/>If you can look past that, enjoy the story.
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books except Deception Point, which I still have on the shelf. I thought his first book, The Digital Fortress, was among the worst books I have ever read. The Da Vinci was among the best I have ever read and Angels and Demons (except for the stupid ending) was only slightly less so. But The Lost Symbol regressed to a new low. Discounting some of the flaws I found in the plot itself, the book is at least 50 pages too long. The interminable passages dealing with brain power research and alternative interpretations in the bible and other religeous books simply overpowered the overall plot to the point that I had to literally struggle to complete the book. I think this will be my last Dan Brown book and I am inclined to leave Deception Point on the shelf unread.
 I look down on Dan Brown. The plot line of the Davinci Code - that Jesus shacked up with Mary Magdalene - created such a furor... and it was based on bull. Imagination is great when you're talking about fiction novels but when you take a look at his Facebook page you will see people believe what he writes as fact.<br/><br/>Sometimes a book is just entertaining... it doesn't have to be based on something real to enjoy it!<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol was interesting and fast paced. The story revolves around a disturbed and over-tatooed gentleman called Mal'akh. Mal'ack is to esotericism as Jerry Falwell is to evangelicalism - which is to say out of his freaking mind. Part tour of Washington D.C. landmarks and part introduction to esotericism the novel is satisfying.<br/><br/>He covers topics like Masonic rituals, the Ancient Mystery religions, human sacrifices, and history as if they go together like a fat man and McDonalds. Unlike the Davinci Code most of what he says is based on fact - he describes existing Masonic rituals and exposes the alternative religion held by most of America's founders.<br/><br/>I can see for many the information in the Lost Symbol would be groundbreaking. Don't expect a full expose of Masonry though. I would recommend this book as a lazy way to learn about topics that are rarely brought out beyond the people involved in them.<br/><br/>He handled them well.<br/><br/>However, The Lost Symbol isn't perfect.  Not only is Dan Brown trying to introduce you to another, often hidden, religion but he becomes its cheerleader! Near the end the Lost Symbol becomes a blatant propaganda piece for esotericism.  Hell he's practically begging you to read the Bible from a mystical point of view.<br/><br/>The effect was weird and out of place. It just comes out of left field.<br/><br/>If your looking to waste some time on a quick read then the Lost Symbol is a good buy. But please... remember its only fiction people.<br/><br/>Rating (gouge my eyes out, below average, average, above average, more please)<br/><br/>Above Average<br/><br/>Enjoyed: Very interesting, page turner, exposes things not normally discussed in the open, excellent history of Washington landmarks<br/><br/>Disliked: A propaganda piece of esotericism, forces weird beliefs on its readers, tries to be grand when it shouldn't be
 Having read all of Dan Brown's previous books, I was expecting Lost Symbol to be action packed and full of twists and turns, perhaps not a block buster like the DaVinci Code, but at least interesting.  However, I wasn't expecting the kind of really hokey stuff that I encountered here.  For example, after a long build up of grisley murders related to the lost treasure and developing the idea that some fantastic surprise awaits, we finally get to the revelation that 'The Word,' which had to be protected at all costs, was nothing more than a bible buried beneath the Washington monument.<br/>  Then we are subjected to a long diatribe about how some incredible experiment by Katherine showed that thoughts have mass and can produce physical changes and that science has proven the existence of god.<br/>  The end result is not credible and hugely disappointing.  I didn't really expect Dan Brown to come up with something to best the DaVince Code, but I did expect a lot more than a tedious science fiction novel.
 This book is written with the breathtaking pace of the DA Vinci Code although less people will be familiar with the Masonic references in this book. It's a fascinating read and will lead the inquisitive reader to research some of the reference material. One thing is for sure: you'll never look at DC the same again!
 Okay, I'm guilty of blowing through the Dan Brown books.  They're dumb, quick and have some creepy appeal.<br/><br/>Not this one.  It takes place in roughly ten locations.  Really, really boring.  Main character is worthless, wanders through the book making a decison maybe once.<br/><br/>If you want a quick, fun, thriller read go for The Ice Limit or Old Man's War.  At last those don't talk down to you.<br/><br/>If I could have given this book a 0 star review I would have.
 Dan Brown always takes you places you didn't anticipate. This book is no exception. Explores areas most of us never thought of. Drags a bit in places but a great read.
 Not as good as The DaVince Code and Angels and Deamons. It seems to wonder about and the science of Noetics isnt made clear. Seemed just a little too far-fetched. I'm a voracious reader and I usually dont put a book down until I'm done, but I walked away from this one several times and came back later.
 Don't get me wrong.. This book is a sure page turner.. But if you have read The Da Vinci Code, this one is just the same. Only set in D.C. More code breaking and running.. Dan Brown intersperses hot paced action with some lectures on symbols.Sometimes you just want to turn the page and go the action sequence!... The puzzles are not as engrossing as Da Vinci code.. But the authour's tour of D.C. is impressive...<br/><br/>I also wondered how a man whose hand was severed could go on helping crack symbols as if nothing had happened! masonry perhaps! :)<br/><br/>The book looks to be written just for a movie. You can almost visualise Tom Hanks in the movie.. Beware tom TLV is going to be difficlt :)
 This edition has images of fine art that's part of the story. I really like that since art history was one of my minors in school. The book is heavy and the pages are high quality. This book stays in my library.
 Love that the he locations and art are pictured there as you read the book. May have to order the da Vinci Code version as well!
 I've liked "Deception Point", and "Angels and Daemons".  They are packed with action, twists and grandiose action. I've been more tedious with the "Da Vinci Code", a pale mapping of "Holy Grail, Holly Blood" to a kind of action thriller (I still do not understand how this book had been so successful, while "Angels and Daemons" is quite better..). Now let's go to the "Lost Symbol". The truth is that I had some difficulty to finish reading this book ,so much I've found it boring. Nothing to thrill about, all revelations guessed by any reader hundred pages before, no real grandiose action, and an end based on metaphysical gibberish about man being unknowingly God. I've lost 24 euros by pre-ordering this book from the US to France several months ago! Disappointing, to say the least...
 As with almost all Dan Brown novels, this was quite enjoyable and a great way to spend an afternoon or two...great premise and actually quite thought provoking, although the fun and excitement and twists and turns you would expect are still there...highly recommend...
 This book was not good.  It had some elements that I did like, for example the origins of modern words and expressions and discussion of ancient symbols and their origins.  But at the end of the day what this book was about was a bunch of people genuinely sympathetic to religion and the possibilty of ESP like energies that link religion to science.  Sorry, but the faith healers out there at large are HOAKSTERs plain and simple.  There is no "Force" out there which they are channelling to turn cancer cells into healty cells.  It's pure hoaksterism, or else why not just openly publish these miracle cures in medical journals, earning yourself a nobel prize while you're at it.  Ever notice that faith healers never cure somebody who has amputated limbs?  It's always a disease that might have been easily faked on either the patient's sick side or on their "cured" side.  The book had entirely too much sympathy to the idea that the Bible, etc... ancient manuscripts were actually works of science.  That is simply not the case.  I've seen people trying to find evidence of understanding of evolution in the Bible, but it's pure fabrication because it's not there.<br/><br/>I'm afraid with this book, Dan Brown has lost a reader. I did like the Da Vinci code, Angels and Demons, Digital Fortress, and Deception Point, but after this book, I can say firmly that I will never pick up another DB book again.
 I found. I enjoy Dan Brown but this and Angels and Demons are probably my top favorites (in interest of comparison). It appeals to my IB soul in terms of symbolism and overarching themes. Definitely recommend for a long flight or car trip
 Wonderful, modern story about the dangers of artificial intelligence told in Brown's masterful way.  Phenomenal read!
 Although the story line is a little repetitious and similar to Angels and Demons and The DaVinci Code, I enjoyed reading much of the research that Dan Brown does before he writes a book.  Of his five books, I enjoyed Angels and Demons the most, followed by The DaVinci Code and then The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>Having been fortunate enough to visit many of the sites mentioned in his novels, it makes the story line much more interesting to read.<br/><br/>Like most of his books, they should be re-read, so that some of the finer points which may have been missed the first time are enjoyed in the second reading.<br/><br/>I found that when the "bad guy" in The Lost Symbol when finally revealed was not as surprising as some of the other books.
 I am 3/4 of the way through this book and at this point I am sorely disappointed. The story is stuck in the midst of the most macabre, cold-blooded and disgustingly brutal scenarios since Silence of the Lambs. This is not at all what I expected from Dan Brown and I am seriously considering whether or not I even want to finish the book. The murders and torture methods are beyond disturbing and don't really add anything to the story except the strong desire to have it over with. At this point I don't even care what the damn Lost Symbol IS! I have to say that, sadly, I wouldn't even recommend this book to anyone that I know. Gruesome does not appeal to me.<br/>Just for the record: Loved DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons despite the fair amount of brutality.
 Every person searching for enlightenment yet too busy or uninterested in "study" should start here with this unlikely but compelling novel.
 I love Dan Brown. His writing style is captivating while filling your mind with historic facts. Coming from a family full of Masons, it was nice to read and learn so much about them. Great book
 I loved this book! Dan Brown spins such an amazingly real tale around historical places that you cannot help but be drawn into the story quickly. Now, living near D.C. makes this even more compelling! It's a great read!
 I left a opinion on my Kindle reader... Why am I being asked for a opinion on my desk top computer?
 Great read!  Page turner and wild ride.
 I like Dan Brown's writing very much, including this book but thought it was a bit too long.
 One of the most artificial  and poorly-contrived pieces of dreck I've wasted my time with. If the last Harry Potter novel was too advanced for you, this might  be just the thing. Fails in every aspect of the art of writing, thinking, and novel development. Enjoy your shiny new yacht, kid. You didn't earn it with this entry, buddy, but at least it kept you off the street for a while.<br/><br/>Next time you get the urge to paste something like this together, sit on your hands.<br/><br/>Just keep 'em outta my pockets.<br/><br/>Zero stars.
 I enjoy Dan Brown's work and his main character, Dr. Langdon. As usual, the work provides historical information for the reader as well as history behind symbols and how they are used by people over time.
 Thrilling to the end
 Having read Mr Browns first two books and having thoroughly enjoyed the pace and the information presented, I find myself dissapointed by this third. It was slow in parts. This may be because I was looking for the same pace as the first two. This book spent alot of time explaining theories and not telling the story. I finished wanting to know more about what happened and why the characters made certain decisions. It felt incomplete. At times it was boring and I found myself wishing the character would stop teaching. The idea of God being in all of us is one I can accept, but it does not explain the events in this book. Enjoyable but left me with questions not about theology but why the book went the way it did.
 If you read the Da Vinci Code, you'll recognize the formula.  In a similar format, Brown takes us through a de-coding in DC.  Aside from some interesting factoids about our National symbols, there's only one "surprise" element.  The end of the book gets almost flag-waving and preachy.  He's written better and I hope he will again.
 Pros: good action ride; nice integration of current technology; the beginning of several chapters could serve as a guidebook to some of Washington D.C.'s more famous monuments. Cons: transparent twists (at least, to most mystery fans); shallow characterizations. My main gripe, though, is that Dan does not have the spiritual depth to carry off his ambitious themes. Although he makes some conciliatory gestures to other world religions and traditions, in the end he seems unable to rise above his hackneyed, fallen-away-Catholic opinions of "truth" and "revelation." Skip the last 50 pages, unless you just feel the need to be preached at by someone with a very sophomoric grasp of comparative religion--and you want to close the book with a disappointed sigh and an eye-roll.
 The Da Vinci Code was insulting to the educated reader.  This book is just plain insulting.  Apparently the American public can be easily duped into believing that Masons are evil when, in fact, as Dan Brown makes sure we all know ad nauseam, the Masons are godlike and the saviors of the free world.  The book simply has a silly premise, bland characters, and mediocre prose.  I can forgive the prose if I care about the story, but this story is just too silly.  A female scientist sits in her top secret lab, so well protected only her assistant and her brother know how to get in.  She gets a text message telling her to trust a complete stranger and let him into the lab, so she does.  Really?  And that's just the beginning of a series of incredibly foolish actions taken by people who are supposed to be really smart.  Remind me to never trust the hero, Langdon, with anything important - that exceedingly important box - the one that was generations old - the one Peter trusted him to keep safe; well, apparently Langdon had is kicking around his house ready to toss into a backpack based on the word of, oh yes, a complete stranger.
 As with Brown's other Langdon books, there is a gripping thriller plot wound about a great travelogue.  In this case, it's Washington, D.C.  A great book to read just before visiting our capital.
 Dan Brown, in my opinion, has authored outstanding publications.
 If you love the character, Robert Langdon, you will love him in The Lost Symbol. The story was well thought out, suspenseful, full of twists and surprises. It kept me on the edge of my seat. Great read!
 Dan Brown writes like his book is a travel guide . Explaining to much in detail all the places in the book .There is mystery there but the point of the story is lost with to much detail of where the story takes place, trying to drag the story out.
 Dan Brown does it again, in this adventure Professor Robert Langdon teaches up about the Free Masons. Dan continues to masterfully insert history &amp; fiction into a perfect story that leaves the reader guessing till the final page. I can't wait for the next field trip Professor Langdon is taking me on.
 I found this book to be waaay to long.  There have been other reviewers who did a very good job of detailing which passages are superfluous, so I won't repeat the detail.<br/>My biggest issue, however, is with the author's attempt to make this a "meaningful" novel, offering the way to enlightenment and "at-one-ment" and a revelation. I have to wonder if the author felt that he had made so many literal-minded Christians angry with the Da Vinci Code that he tried to redeem himself by using this book to push the Bible. Or maybe he wanted to piss off more people by saying that the truth is in the Bible, but most religions just don't see it.  Either way, I don't think he succeeded. The plot is too slow moving (even though it takes only 12 hours); the characters are weakly portrayed and the jumps from one point to another are fantastical without being completely entertaining.  At the end I felt that I had been lectured by someone very pedantic and filled with some kind of religious fervor, but I did not fill inspired, touched or renewed.<br/>People will still buy this book even though it's terrible. I know I would have.  But if you can wait for the inevitable DVD, you'll save some money and some time!
 typical Dan Brown but good yarn anyway.  Kept me reading to the end - usual blend on mild peril and puzzle solving and "who can he trust"!  Actually enjoyed it more than da Vinci Code!  worth getting for long journey or beach read.
 A very captivating story, full of information, incredibly narrated, seems real... love it.
 I have read 2 of Dan Brown's books and I am always happy with the storyline. I am going to read the next Robert Langdon book as well. The story always makes you question every day things as well as grasping your imagination for a page turning book.
 I keep comparing Dan Brown's books to his DaVinci Code and none have compared very well. The Lost Symbol is way to long and drawn out. I found myself becoming bored with it and wishing the author would just get on with the story.
 I have never read any of Brown's books. My son gave me the hardcover edition, but I'd rather carry around the Kindle! If you are interested in the geography and history of DC, this book is for you. Very entertaining and informative with a terrific story line.
 Great book, hard to put down, I wish I could just take a day to finish this great book!
 Rollicking good fun. A fun, exciting page-turner that - as expected - keeps you on your toes.
 Dan Brown's latest novel is indeed fast paced and entertaining...if you can ignore the predictability, formulatic writing, and factual inaccuracies.  I was disappointed that the "secrets" were so obvious that I was able to figure out the identity and motives of the antagonist as well as the hiding place of the "super-secret symbol" hundreds of pages before the big plot twists were revealed.<br/><br/>Furthermore, if Dan Brown wants to make gee-whiz statements about the similarities of the Temple in Jerusalem and the human brain, he should check out an anatomy textbook (or even Wikipedia for crying out loud!) before he writes dopey statements like "Have you ever seen an acutal human brain?  It's built in two parts-an outer part called the dura mater and an inner part called the pia mater..."  Ummm...noooo. This describes the meninges, which cover the brain, not the brain itself.  As someone who has studied anatomy (and has in fact seen many actual brains), this was a particularly cringe-worthy statement.<br/><br/>There were plenty of other items in the book that forced me to suspend my disbelief.  For example: a character, after being seriously maimed, seems to just shrug it off as just "mortal flesh", and then proceeds to go on a walking tour of Washington rather than going to a hospital.  (Does that remind anyone else of the knight in Monty Python's holy grail who insists "It's only a flesh wound!"  after getting his limbs hacked off?)<br/><br/>Finally, I just don't get why any of the "secrets" needed to be so secret in the first place.  The big catastrophic thing that was to happen if the big tattooed bad guy got his way didn't seem like much of a catastrophe to me, either.<br/><br/>All in all, it is perhaps something to keep you entertained if you are stuck at an airport, or home sick with the swine flu (like I was..cough cough), but definitely forgettable.
 I LOVE Dan Browns books.....controversy be hanged. Good read
 Great mix of mystery, action, founding precepts of our nation and theology. Requires staying alert throughout the entire text to grasp the meaning. Great book. Thx.
 Loved the twists and turns; an O'Henry-esque plot device.  Super reading on the treadmill. Lives up to all Brown's other books.
 From the very beginning, I was hooked on this story.  I played the CD's in the car while making trips around town and a longer one to a nearby city.  I hated to get out of the car and often had to sit and listen a while in my car to get to a point where I could turn it off.<br/>I was especially interested in the whole Masonic thread that ran through the story because my late husband was a Mason.<br/>I'd highly recommend this to anyone who loves suspense and clever presentation of the plot.  The ending really surprised me and I liked that.<br/>Keep them coming, Dan Brown.
 I loved this read. Best since Angels and Demons. Can't wait to read Inferno. Thanks Dan!!!
 It is clearly one of his earliest, as his style is somewhat repetitive.  His plot was quite engaging and the twist caught me by surprise, however, which is always a good thing in a mystery.  I felt Brown repeated the story line/explanation of an event/phenomena a bit too often, but was provided for various characters and an okay emphasis for the reader. The denouement was followed by a rather extensive closure - much of which was a bit laborious. I was ready for the book to end.  Good read, however - a typical Brown page-turner and worth your time.  Dr. O
 Purchased a copy for a friend as a gift.
 Once again, dan brown brings us back to his world of davinci code. In a series that is this intense, one would think that it would eventually start to fizzle. This is not so with the lost symbol. It comes out swinging and never stops.
 One of the great classic books of our generation. Great read if youve already watch the movie.  Even more suspense and drama than the movie was.
 I enjoyed this book as much as the last two!  A great read.
 Love the book.  Author does go overboard with historical detail, however
 I love these novels with Robert Langdon as the protaganist. I haven't finished the book yet, but will love the ending I am sure.
 I haven't read a book by this author in years. While he will never be a literary genius in my eyes, I have enjoyed his books in the past as I found them unique in subject with fast-moving plots. This book did not measure up to previous efforts. The ending was anti-climatic. In fact, it dragged on so much that I was relieved when it was over..
 I've read other books by Dan Brown and have to say all of them are very similar. This book wasn't bad but to long. After half becoming kind of boring because to many unreal situation going on and they are reapiting constantly.<br/>The end is positive but after all the action I expected something more.
 Good story and very, very bad science.  See my full review on Goodreads.  Look for Strubie.
 This Dan Brown novel was boring.  I was reading a weird plot told over and over again. Pretty soon I am thinking how many times can save the world.  Or who cares.  Not me!  I hope the next Robert Langdon gets a little more realistic!  This comment is from Stan Sherry, not HELEN
 The story has huge holes, and it is not really believable. Good if you are planning a trip to Washington DC, because the novel takes place there and it gives quite nice informatio about the landmarks there.
 This book is intense and thought-provoking. While it gives credibility to the Bible, it wants to include all faiths and  philosophies.  Don't take it too seriously; however, there is a new  mystery  on  every  page, so remains intriguing!<br/>A must read.
 I need a book that grabs me right from the start, but this book just drowned me in too much technical knowledge, and not enough story line.  I enjoyed reading his previous books, so I thought that this book would be a good summer read.  I read a little, put it down, picked it up again, put it down, picked it up again...it took me FOREVER, to finish it...
 This book was great and while it took me a few chapters to get into it (about 10), once I was that was it for me!  It does get a little slow near the end and your wondering if there is a climax or if it passed, but overall if you like Dan Brown, you'll like this and I would definitely recommend it as a read!
 It's Dan brown!
 Fantastic! Washington, DC will never be the same for me. I want to drive down and explore the streets and experience the adventure myself.Can't wait until they finally get into production for the movie.... Ron Howard really should direct this one too
 Interesting story.  The book has inspired me to make a tour of Washington D.C. to visit some of the sites as described in the book.  The story is perhaps a bit long winded, but the idea is most interesting.
 Brown's thrillers' wild popularity is due not to quality writing, nor to well fleshed-out characters, but to subject matter, a fact worth thinking about.  Readers would be well advised, with 'The Lost Symbol' as with his other books, to take his assertions of fact cautiously.  Brown's characters habitually break off into expository paragraphs asserting fact, history and philosophy, breaking the action; a better writer would integrate them into the action rather than interrupt it.  I found, too, his villain entirely unbelievable, so far from human as to be ineffective dramatically, and, in the end, failing to serve the message of the book.  That said, the Masonic lore is fascinating.  The breathable fluorinated liquid, by the way, contrary to a skeptic's opinion above, is entirely real, if implausibly used in the story.
 The Lost Symbol was not nearly as exciting or interesting as The Da Vinci Code, so for those who are reading it expecting more of the same, you will be disappointed.  The primary problem with this book, in my opinion, is that Brown tries to cram too much detail into his explanations of the various symbols, myths, etc. that he brings into the book.  The provocative parts of the book involve the characters, and the tension created when wondering what is happening to the characters and who is doing what to whom.  There are missed opportunities for even more exciting plot twists, and there were some missteps in the plot when Brown avoided having a character (or set of characters) do what would be obvious and logical in order to achieve what he wanted in his story.  Much of the book read like an extended made-for-tv movie.  A good one, but not a great one.  Also, I believe the story ended about 50 or 60 pages before Brown ended it.  I was bored and exasperated by the last few chapters, and really didn't care about what happened in Brown's ending.  Definitely a disappointment, but enough to make it worth reading.  I recommend borrowing it from a friend or the library, however. Don't spend any money on this book if you don't have to.
 I was and am very disappointed with this book from Dan Brown. I can see why both Tom Hanks and Ron Howard decided not to make it into a movie.  I own and have read both The Da Vinci  Code and Angles and Demons several times. I bought, own and have watched both movies many times each. Based on those experiences I bought both the Lost Symbol and inferno.<br/><br/>The first third of the Lost Symbol was somewhat interesting, the middle third was, at best, "just OK". I had to force myself to finish reading the last third. I would have had more interest going to the dentist for a root canal than in the last third of this book.<br/><br/>Based on the last Symbol I may not even read Inferno even though I have already bought it.<br/><br/>I can not recommend the Lost Symbol to anyone. If I hadn't falsely believed that it would improve I would have quit halfway through and thrown it in the garbage.
 I know that others have said the same things, but the plot didn't make any sense once all was revealed.  Dan Brown did a good job of writing a fast-moving thriller, but the payoff at the end didn't make any sense.  Additionally, the characters' motivations did not make much sense either.  I am still not sure what the bad guy thought he was going to accomplish.  Overall the book held my attention, but I felt that the plot fell apart at the end like Angels and Demons.  I think that Brown has a few good ideas, but never really thinks them through.
 This was another typical Dan Brown thriller but with a lot of unexpected twists and turns near the end that added a lot of interest and fun to the read.  An excellent book!
 I liked A&amp;D the most, followed by DC and the lost symbol. Dan Brown builds huge suspense and dramatizes almost every chapter. He mixes clever dialog and suspense with facts and real surroundings. However in almost every case the end result is the same - none of those clever dialogs and suspenseful events lead to any tangible or significant result. It was hard to put DC down but lost symbol didn't have as much substance or thrill. For both DC and lost symbol when I was done I had the same question - notwithstanding thrills along the way, why did I spend so much time on this?
 I've read both the previous Robert Langdon books and enjoyed them immensely. Interesting scenarios and an intoxicating mix of truth and fiction. The bad guys were nasty but your imagination could stretch to believing in them. Here though Brown has lost it. His bad guy in The Lost Symbol was a twist and turn too far. Not only was his ultimate revealing unbelievable, there was virtually no backstory that put him where we found him to begin with. Well written and readable but like a hamburger from a fast-food chain - looked better in the picture than it did in the consuming!
 Dan Brown has another winner, he's a master storyteller.  this one centers around Washington DC and his Robert Langdon chacter traces clues to solve an ancient mystery,
 And outstanding plot and story which unfortunately, bogs down in too many extraneous details like Langdon stopping in the middle of flight from his pursuers to think that this is the most beautiful thing he has ever seen or reminiscing about the last time he was here or there or just plain being too wordy so that Mr. Brown could meet the publishers demands for more pages than are necessary to fill the book.  I for one am burning to see the movie, so I won't have to smolder my way through reading the book again.
 Riveting! Non stop excitement. Detailed information about places and things right at our finger tips. Explanation of things you've heard about for years.  Things people want to go to other countries to see, we have right here in our backyard.
 dan Brown produces thoroughly researched books.if you want to have a wonderful visual tour of a lovely and fascinating City, along with an intriguing storyline, then this book is for you. I gave away my copy, bought 3 more copies to give away, and downloaded this to my Kindle. This is a book I will savor over the long haul rather than gulp down and forget.
 I could not put this book down ! My Kindle went everywhere with me. I was stealing moments during my working day to read what happened next. Robert Langdon is a character that you get to know and love more with each installment. I sincerely hope that Dan Brown brings us another mysterious Langdon adventure. "The Lost Symbol" is an addictive and compelling read. Dan Brown is the master of creative description and just when you think you've "got it" ... you will be surprised with something new. If you loved Robert Langdon<br/>and the characters from The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, then don't miss this one. Does our much loved Professor really die ???<br/>Read on !
 I loved this book . Well reserched and written like all Dan Brown novels . This one was a page burner. It's hard to put down because you can't believe what is going on!  There areso many surprise plot twist and turns that I was exclaiming out to the book and my wife wondered what was going on.  Said it was just a great book she should read and didn't' want to spoil any of it for her . Don't miss this book !
 Da Vinci code was new, fun, different... and had a strong plot. Disappointingly, this book is flat, repetitive, the plot is predictable, much of the action is completely unbelievable - it is unlikely that anyone who has lost half her blood would be able to run around like a rabbit even after having had a transfusion, to say nothing of someone who was drowned in any liquid for a period of time. Mr. Brown, we need more from you than the basic $$ making formula! And readers, you might enjoy L. Goldstone's Anatomy of Deception instead. Well written and founded on historical facts, a good story.<br/><br/>And dear Amazon: how do you include that book on your 2009 top 100 Customers picks when it has received more 2 and 1 star ratings than 4 and 3? I know, by sales volume -- but when more people dislike than like a book, I would hardly call that book a top customer pick!
 The Lost Symbol was an excellent book as most books written by Dan Brown are.  The illustrations help with the reading of the book.  I have finished it an enjoyed it immensely.  The book arrived from Amazon in a timely manner.  I try to order what I need from Amazon because they provide excellent service.
 My husband says this book is a must read........So I will be reading this one.........I loved Dan's other books......Da Vinci Code books...I have been to the areas in Europe he wrote about and am familiar with the history.......
 I think that this is a more interesting book than his more recent book, Inferno. Since the The Lost Symbol is set in Washington, DC, where I spent my career, it had particular interest for me, since the locale was so familier. A very good read!
 A real page turner, reading another Dan Brown now<br/>Always a good read
 very end not up to the rest of the book
 I must say overall this book is a good and interesting read. Dan Brown has become an expert at piecing together mysteries of symbology and ancient legends. I bought this for my kindle and couldn't put it down. Definitely an excellent book to be the first one read on it. I will say however at times this book does lag a bit. It seems like every major twist (even the biggest one) I figured out a few chapters before the characters did. It is especially painfully slow in the beginning, however stick with it through the beginning and the pace of the story will pick up and keep your interest.
 L e armed a great deal more about the truth of man, God, and  the mysteries of our existence.  The story drags frustratingly in places, but makes up for it with the historical bindings.  Would absolutely recommend, especially for students of American history.
 One time I was thrown out of the story at about 75% in. The story was good, if you allow yourself extra license on suspension of disbelief.
 I enjoyed this fast paced novel from Dan Brown as much as most. Although my favorite is still Angels and Demons. The biggest issue I had with the book was the CIA working inside the United States. I thought this was forbidden by law. All in all though, an excelent read and recommended.
 I waited anxiously for years for the follow up to "The DaVinci Code." Unfortunately, the wait was not worth it. Rather than becoming a more proficient writer, Dan Brown has actually regressed. The writing is so high school. Robert Langdon is no longer a compelling character as he once was. It appears as though Dan Brown was just looking to write another Langdon adventure to ensure greater sales. Don't waste your money. I'd say wait for the movie, but "Angels and Demons" was a weak flick it may be best just to spend your money on some other book.
 Dan Brown's latest novel is a true thriller, filled with mysticism, enigmas, puzzles, suspense, and intrigue.  All the good stuff that makes reading delightful.<br/><br/>I enjoyed its precision both in describing the Capitol, where I once worked, and the Masonic craft, to which my father belonged.  I am the son of a widow's son.  And I have personal knowledge of Noetics and AMORC Rosicrucianism.<br/><br/>But the marvel is how Brown knits the various themes together to make an exciting, coherent whole, so that the reader anxiously keeps on turning the page, panting for what comes next.<br/><br/>This book is less doctrinaire than "The DaVinci Code" and likely steps on fewer toes.  But it is no less compelling, exciting, and fascinating.<br/><br/>Great reading!!!
 Love conspiracies, "Demons and Angels" was my favorite.  I read it first after "The Da Vinci Code" hype missed me, I have had to read all four now.
 Excellent Langford yarn!
 The weakest and longest of the three.  Lots of cheese (No-wet-lics?--really?!, why not call it BS!) along the way to a conclusion that is so weak--really someone thinkins THAT is a national security risk, really?!--you might hit eject or toss the book down.  Careful as you could hurt someone!  Better to skip this paperweight/doorstop.<br/><br/>Alex, I will take an editor for 500 pages, please.  Much of the book could have been editted out and saved trees and aluminum galore.<br/><br/>Let's hope they skip the movie adaption as those first two were bad to horrible.<br/><br/>Should we as a society be ashamed that this "book" was teh best seller of the decade?
 This book was good, not the grabbing kind of good, it kept my interest, but there was a lot of repetition.
 I have read the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons and now, The Lost Symbol. The quality has been declining steadily. The Lost Symbol has lots of excitement and is an interesting read until you get lost in the details and the incredibly long and worthless ending. To hammer home that thoughts and 'soul' have mass and can control things is OK in science fiction but it too far out to make this a complete and thrilling 'read.' I won't say more because the other reviews cover the same thing in detail. I'm familiar with freemasonry so that part is OK but enthusiastically overplayed.
 Excellent! Could be Dan Brown's best so far...
 everything was good
 Dan Browns "The Lost Symbol" is truly a book that grips you. From the word go I felt myself engulfed by how thrilling, fascinating and clever this book was. I thoroughly enjoyed reading it and most definitely did not even have hint at what the twists tails turned out to be. As always I love the historical background that is provided as it makes the book come to life. I myself am fascinated by history and so all of Dan Browns book provide a magnificent fictional story set in a historically correct and adept background.
 Love the book. Dan Brown is one of my favorite authors. I love the way he goes into depth taking the reader into places only he can.
 As always, Dan Brown inspires further religious and historical exploration, while challenging many pre- conceived and etched-in-stone religious belief systems.
 I am so amazed about the knowledge I gain by reading Mr. Brown's books.  I have recommended this book to one of my co-workers and even went so far as to buy it for her.  That's how much I know she will enjoy this highly informative and action packed novel.
 This was the most exciting, enlightening, informative and breathtaking books I have ever rear. I had to highlight many things in order to go back and review much of the information contained in this book. I do hope this book makes its way to the Big Screen. Although I realize this is a book of fiction, I find that there are so many truths within this awesome book. I can't wait to visit Washington DC. Thank you Dan Brown for continuing to write books that allows us to think the way that you do. I know that I will read this book again and share it with many.
 A well written book for about 2/3 then just personal rambling.<br/><br/>Everyone is entitled to their views, not everything can or needs to be explained.<br/><br/>Proverbs 3:5-6<br/>Paraphrased, one doesn't need to understand God to trust Him.
 I had great difficulty in putting the book down.  Certainly a twisted plot with a surprise ending.  An interesting explanation of Masonic symbols and a larger view of civilization's development.
 This is the DaVinci Code set in Washington,DC. Langdon is goofy. The bad guy is so obvious that it's amazing that all these really smart people couldn't catch on to him. The ending is particularly annoying. It's a work of fiction, a story and it annoys me when people try to pass off their religious views in dialogue between two fictional characters. There is plenty of better reading out there. Don't waste your money just because it's a Dan Brown book. I made that mistake on John Grisham's last book too, buying because it was John Grisham and wasted a weekend on his last contractual obligation. I'll be looking for debut novels for a while!
 An absolutely compelling book. Breath-taking and deep cutting into the mind's unseen eyes. As I have and likely you would come to know, there is a part in each and everyone of us that truly yearns to know God like a deer pants for water. I recommend this book to all who are in the business of unveiling ancient wisdom especially pastors and believers. Just maybe some perspectives might change.
 The story itself is not as riveting as The DaVinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons.  I did learn a lot about Washington DC which I have never visited.  I thought the ending of the Lost Symbol was weak.
 Yes...honestly...I'm glad I read this. In all likelihood, you will be too.<br/>Dan Brown writes little chapters you could almost read during the average red light at an intersection.<br/>They usually end with something like, "And then he couldn't believe what he just saw!" or "And then something really cool happened, but I'm not going to tell you until two chapters later!" You flip the page, and move on quickly. In this book, he exaggerates that tendency by telling the story in a "24"-like fashion. The events occur over one day.<br/>You won't linger on his elegant phrasing or sentence structure, because they're not.  He's not a wit. His humor is mild; I like the line that Google does not equal research.<br/>He's a simple story teller, and he keeps you continually "hooked" with the plot twists and fascinating trivia.<br/>This is his style, love it or leave it. As a reader, you also will be lectured to, as well as being told a story. The former will irritate you more in this book than in his others, I feel.<br/>Like most people, I got swept up in the Da Vinci frenzy, and enjoyed it. Then I checked out Angels, and was more impressed. Angels was better than Da Vinci for me, and I don't think I'm alone there.<br/>If Angels was his "Rome" book, and Da Vinci his "Paris" book, then this is his "Washington DC" book.<br/>The Lost Symbol was just a tad bit of a letdown; the ending wasn't the walk-off home run you wanted. Maybe a good, solid double for me.<br/>I now know why you write "Sincerely" at the end of a letter, though. I think that's pretty cool.<br/>There's a lot of "cool" stuff in here, but as a story, it doesn't feel completely thought out. There's a little of a "is that it?" feeling after reading the final page.<br/>But does it really matter anymore? I know I'll be waiting for his next book just like a bazillion other folks out there...all the while looking at my dollar bills more carefully, etc.<br/>Without wax,<br/>Dr. Mo
 I am an avid reading and couldn't wait for the next Dan Brown book. I even bought in hard cover which I do for very few authors. I wanted to love this book. I kept reading thinking it has to get better but it didn't. To say The Lost Symbol was a disappointment is an understatement.  Now to be fair some of the Masonry information was interesting and quite accurate. But the endless descriptions of traveling from one place to another and the ridiculous way the police act including giving Robert a ring from a crime scene just wasn't worth my time or money.  The ending was just stupid and insulting to anyone who has the least bit of intellectual thought. If you have to read it defiantly wait for the paperback.
 Dan Brown is the best on this kind of books,love all of his books
 The 'Lost Symbol' was a very, very painful read. I kept turning the pages hoping for something to arrest my attention and found nothing. About half of the book is absolutely unnecessary. Up to about a third of the way through the book, I still had no clue where we were headed. The plot was fuzzy, characters were shallow and the language was limp. It had no pace except that the author managed to but enough words together to fill page after page with nothing.<br/>Mr. Brown needs to take a loooooong break before putting words in print again. This one was really horrible.
 Read this some time ago,  so not very clear on how narrated or the sexual content,  but I have found all of Dan Brown's books to be very enjoyable and easy to read.
 Dan Brown ALWAYS gives us a good read, this book provides that. Good plot twists and details. Would recommend.
 I was a fan, read all four of his previous books.  It appears that his success has affected his work.  Took too many chapters to get into the subject of the book, too much unneeded background infomration.  Too many chapters and preaching after the climax.  The basic story was partly believable, but didn't have the realism of (this could happen or it could be true) his previous works.  Langdon was a complete wimp in this book.  A big disappointment.
 The Characters are not believable, and if they were real, how lame they would be. I wanted to slap all of them for stupidity. I plowed through hoping the ending would reward me with something cool, but the ending was a big yawn.<br/><br/>I wanted to like it. However, when it was not a total bore, the story and characters stretched my credulity and patience too far. I was just glad it was over when I finished.<br/><br/>Poor Dan. I think he really is a good writer! I feel sure he believed in this story and the people in it. So much work went into this book.
 I enjoy books that inspire thinking. With a long time family hx of Masonry, the combination was very interesting.....Some of it way out there,.....but not necessarily too far off....The lost symbol is supposed to be fun and intriging. It is.
 Perfect. Exactly what was ordered.
 Dan Brown novels  featuring Robert Langdon are amazing!!  I was hooked when I read the da Vinci code.  Some of his other novels were also very good.
 But the ending seemed contrived, unlike previous and future books by him (discounting his first two)
 I wanted more… I just wanted more.<br/>I have read the previous books and those were more interesting that this one.<br/>I got bored at some point, nothing really new.<br/>I had the feeling that the book promised answers and gave nothing but a story without any true content.<br/>Maybe the movie would be better…
 Nothing Dan Brown has written since approaches the magnitude of the Di Vinci Code or Angels and Demons, but this one comes close.  Will be anxious to see what Ron Howard does with in the film version.
 After reading a few of the reviews that were highlighted on the page for this book I decided to write a review of my own.  I AM a Dan Brown fan and have read all of his books.  The DiVinci Code was first, then Angels and Demons.  Next was Deception Point and Digital Fortress. I felt the first two were great reads, I couldn't put them down.  The second two (Deception Point and Digital Fortress) were more difficult to pick up and read although I did finish them both.  So when "The Lost Symbol" was coming out I was not sure which category it would fall into.<br/><br/>Having received a Kindle DX from my beloved husband for my birthday (thank you sweetie) I was happy that I could download a "sample" of The Lost Symbol before buying it.  I was hooked after the 4th chapter and immediately pressed "buy" when I reached the end of the sample.<br/><br/>I feel that Dan Browns characters were portrayed well and his writing was amazing. It kept me on the edge of my seat for the entire book.  The twists and turns that the book takes kept me guessing throughout the entire book.  I was battling a pretty vicious cold during most of the reading of the book and didn't want to rest, I wanted to read the book.  I'm sad that the story is over and wish there were more to read.  I do not feel that the writing was sophomoric at all, I feel Mr. Brown put enough detail into the text to ensure that the reader was fully aware of what was happening and could imagine it in their mind.  Would I like to see this made into a movie?  Most definitely!<br/><br/>For those who like a page turner with lots of twists and turns, this is a wonderful example. I rank it up there with DiVinci Code and Angels and Demons.
 Recommend reading the 33 Keys before reading the Lost Symbol of the reader is not a Mason/Scottish rite mason. Dan has as usual mixed facts and fiction,
 This is a novel that should be required reading for everyone that has a sense of history, mystery and suspense. As usual, Dan Brown has created a novel that is read in a continuous sitting. I DEMAND MORE from this outstanding author.
 Anyone who has read previous Dan Brown novels is aware that he fills his work with an abundance of well researched facts that he then weaves a facinating story around.  What happened here?  Facts...absolutely, well researched...no doubt, facinating story...not so much!  I never thought I'd have trouble getting through a Dan Brown novel, but I found myself struggling with The Lost Symbol.  I continued reading hoping for the "big reveal...the big ending" but was sadly disappointed.  I can only "hope" that if Robert Langdon makes another appearance, he is rewarded with a better more exciting vehicle.
 I had planned a trip for the weekend after The Lost Symbol came out so enjoyed spending time on the airplane, at the pool, and waiting at the airport reading Brown's latest conspiracy adventure.  It was a good read, but certainly not a book I'll probably look to read again.<br/><br/>Brown mixes reference to real art and real organizations with a vast array of conspiracy theories and loses the reader in a chasm between reality and fiction, as good fiction should.  The level of detail that Brown includes in his books shows immense research on the author's part - leaving this reader impressed.
 I really enjoyed this book. Dan Brown did a great job as a follow up to the DaVinci Code. It's fast paced and hard to put down. The only thing that let me down was the very last couple lines in the book....I was just expecting something more.
 This is a  book whose pages you keep turning.  It keeps you on the edge of your seat.  You will not be able to put it down.<br/>Jeanne Zabst
 Dan Brown once again blows my mind.  A very fast paced, well thought and riveting story that uncovers secrets in a very smart way while challenging our perspective on science.
 Once again Dan Brown takes just enough of the factual, yet mysterious, symbols, and partly secret organizations that we all know exist and cloaks them in the garb of the lingering, suspicion that there is an ultimate conspiracy in power in our world. As always he skillfully mixes history and current institutions which in some way are in all our lives with just enough surprising twist to make it a " don't put down" until the last page!
 This book is typical Dan Brown, it will not disappoint you. If you are his fan you will love it, if you are just approaching it you will enjoy its reading.<br/>Dan Brown books are extremely enjoyable, very well articulated and definitely fun to read.
 Read the Da Vinci Code and loved it. Tried to read  his other books, before and after Da Vinci, and lost all interest - they were just rehashing the same old plot.
 I am not a huge reader, but this book was amazing. If you enjoy history and suspense this is for you. I have enjoyed every Dan Brown book I have read. Thank you Sir, you have peeked my interest in the history of our country.
 Someone who struggles with mental illness can relate to many passages. Once again, an amazing experience reading the work of Dan Brown.
 Loved this book as well as the entire series.  Happy to add it to my collection.
 I am not sorry I bought this first Edition, but The Lost Symbol is not up to par with Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code.  Coming from a Masonic family, there is way too much speculation and downright false information about the Freemasons.  The book was maybe 200 pages too much, and I became bored waiting for the real ending. I very rarely just stop reading a book, but I closed this one with about 60 pages to go, never to open again.  My interest was totally gone, and I don't care what else the author had to say.  I should have stopped reading with at least 100+ pages to go!
 Another great Dan Brown novel.
 Complicated beyond need and a far out story...
 What I liked:<br/><br/>- There are some passages which are I-can't-put-this-down exciting.<br/>- The history behind certain words and symbols.<br/>- The short chapters which make this an easy when-I-can-fit-it-in read.<br/>- The science vs. religion theme.<br/><br/>What I didn't like:<br/><br/>- I was able to predict many aspects of the ending within 98% accuracy half way through the book.<br/>- It seemed like the whole book was a repetitive series of disbelief-discovery-awe-disaster.<br/><br/>Bottom line: I would recommend this if you enjoyed Dan Brown's other works.
 Very good sequels by Dan Brown, I have always liked his writing style.  It's an easy read that has plenty of action as well as great detail of what and where things are happening.
 Couldn't put it down!  Excellent story.......could be true maybe!
 excellant
 Similarly to Michael Crichton fans, there are some of us that like thrillers with a smart plot buit on well research subject, so we do not expect a work of literature in this type of novel. Brown accomplishes that, so if you enjoy <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a> and <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/B002976NLW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a>, definitively this is a book you want to read, you will be entertained for most of the 500 pages.  However, despite of being a Brown fan, I rated the book just with three stars due to the following shortcomings.<br/><br/>Leaving literary critic aside, I felt that some of the explanations went into unnecessary and sometimes boring detail, and here, Brown is beginning to look like Crichton's latest novels, already presenting in the book the draft script for a movie. Also, the ending is unnecessary extended, the after talks and final reflections are not that interesting, and actually some of the info could have been included before the real end of the story.<br/><br/>As opposed to the Da Vinci Code, some of the potential and surprising facts and discoveries were undoubtedly spoiled by the film <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/National-Treasure-Widescreen-Edition/dp/B00005JN5E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">National Treasure (Widescreen Edition)</a>, though Brown goes into much more detail and fully explores the influence of freemasonry among several of the key American founding fathers, and also did not miss the opportunity to bust plenty of myths surrounding this fraternity.  Another déjà vu feeling originates from the evolution of the Mal'akh character, who as the story advances looks too much to the Tooth Fairy character in the film <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Red-Dragon-Widescreen-Collector-s-Edition/dp/B00005JLKN/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Red Dragon (Widescreen Collector's Edition)</a>. There is plenty of mysticism and even new age discourse, too much for my taste, but for those who enjoy there are even a couple of mentions to the 2012 Mayan prediction.
 Dan Brown's books seem to have a certain formula they all follow. So, why do I keep reading them? I don't know, but they are addictive aren't they. This one does still manage to hold some surprises till the very end.
 I must admit I am a bit of a religious/history/thriller junkie so Dan Brown and I get along just fine.  Lost Symbol was well written, intriguing and very entertaining.
 An enjoyable quick read blending fact &amp; fiction to inspire further reading in noetics, Free Masons and US History. It's what he does best. If you want a quick, light engrossing read then look no further. Perfect for a plane ride or vacation.
 I always love Dan Brown's work.  His short (and numerous) chapters make for ab easy read and make it hard to put down.  I liked Lost Symbol and would recommend it.  However, I thought the beginning was better than the middle which was much better than the ending.  Angels and Demions is still my favorite Dan Brown novel.  I think this laters work is written too much in anticipation of a movie deal.  Read it and judge for yourself.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a>
 I have read all of the books in this series and I have to say that this book (though thoroughly interest in and fast paces) wasn't the best that it could have been. the characters were good and I felt for them when appropriate though I felt that at certain points Mr. Brown clumped his research into "flip sections"  over all though I liked the book.
 I enjoyed the suspenseful tale of another realm coexisting within our normal awareness of the world order. I would recommend this book to members of the craft for it's many interesting insights of Truth.
 I was expecting this book to be like Angels and Demons and the Da Vinci Code, an entertaining, diverting book for anybody willing to suspend disbelief and enjoy the ride. What a disappointment!<br/><br/>Now I know why the publisher refused to send critics advance copies of this book. The spoiler they were afraid of is that this is a very inferior version far more entertaining Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>It looks like Brown decided to make a more money from his work on The Da Vinci Code by substituting a tattooed madman for the albino, the Freemasons for the Catholic Church, DC landmarks for European churches and then throwing in some pseudo science and new age spiritual drivel. Every plot twist is incredibly obvious. Is there anybody who hadn't figured out Mal'akh's identity long before this "surprise" revelation?<br/><br/>If this downward spiral continues, Brown's next novel will be set in Roswell, New Mexico and feature Robert Langdon racing against Darth Vader to discover the true results of the alien autopsy.
 Good but not as good as The DaVici Code nor Angels and Demons.
 On to my next Dan Brown novel.  Enjoyable read for teens to seniors.  When finished, the reader will walk away with a strong desire to tour D.C..
 This was truly a "page-turner" for me.  I've read several of Dan Brown's books...and as always I love the intrigue.  Many of my family members are Masons as were several generations before them.  If you've enjoyed other books by this author...this pne was right up there with others.
 Definitely one of his better books! I have always been a fan of Dan Brown and it follows suit within the historical mystery. You can finish this book so quick because you want to know the ending!
 I really liked angels and demons as well as the da Vinci code.  I thought that I might as well give this one a try.  I wasnt disappointed.  It felt a little predictable at times but was still end of your seat exciting at other times.  I would suggest reading this book if you liked Dan Brown's other books.
 So, here's an observation regarding Amazon reviews, based on my personal experience.  If you don't apply a 5 star review to a book you get a spate of critical reactions from fans who enjoyed it.  OK - I get it.  But yet, how can you alert prospective readers, especially those who rely on the integrity of my reviews, that "This is REALLY a 5 Star review?"<br/><br/>I find this to be a significant point, especially for an author like Dan Brown who is clearly in one league, while virtually everyone else is in a lesser one.  In "The Lost Symbol," it's about the depth and the detail, the flow of the story, and the pure desire to read every word on every page, then wish there was even more.  It's about the author challenging you to keep up with the symbols and the story.  "The Lost Symbol" has all the bases covered :  A great story, intrigue, the plot twist, good guys and bad guys, and a great ending.  The book creates excitement as you turn the pages, providing the same kind of reaction you may have felt when watching "Raiders of the lost Ark" for the first time in the theater 25 years ago.<br/><br/>However, in addition to all of that, "The Lost Symbol" is smart, educational, informational and provocative.  It inspires the reader to put the book down only long enough to run to their computer to google the references for added context.<br/><br/>In the end you simply ask yourself how any author can be so creative and so well researched as Dan Brown.<br/><br/>There are over 1600 reviews already filed on "The Lost Symbol" so I will not try to recount the details of the book.  Read them yourself for the  pleasure of knowing that when you see other novels with 5 star reviews, they are doubtless receiving grade inflation, a chronic trend that allows the mediocre to masquerade as the meaningful.  Frankly, there should be a special rating for books of this caliber to denote their brilliance.  I'd give this one a 10 on a 5 star scale!
 I liked it but I found the use of all the Italian distracting (even though they translated it) and found myself having to go back and re-read sections without the Italian in order to continue the story.  Kind of confusing.  No nearly as good as his other books.
 If you want a good Dan Brown novel read Angels &amp; Demons or Digital Fortress - those books were fantastic... The Lost Symbol was only ok. Rather drawn out and sort of boring. I was really disappointed.
 I like Dan Brown
 Good book but the last few chapters were slow.<br/>Good plot but disappointed.
 good read
 Awesome story. I loved reading about the many areas of DC, a city I have yet to visit but it's on my list of things to do this year.
 Dan Brown put out another great mystery
 As with his previous books, Dan Brown provides information and education on topics that most of us have no real knowledge.  While I assume there is some literary license at times, his books are enjoyable and compelling reads.
 The book deserves a 3. The extra star is for the pictures and illustrations that contributed so greatly to it.
 great read
 A great novel. Like a modern day Indiana Jones set to the backdrop of Washington D.C. The first 90% had me riveted, I couldn't put it down. The last 10% was kind of slow, almost dragging, after reading the climax. Highly recommended. A MUST READ!
 good book, good vendor
 Thankfully, I bought this book for my Kindle so I only paid $9.99, and even that was too much.  If I had paid for a hardcover copy, I would be really upset.  Plastic characters, unrealistic dialogue, boring lectures on the Masons...after suffering through all that, there are no "answers", just some kind of fluff ending that I guess is supposed to make you feel good, but only made me glad it was the last page.  As preposterous as his premise was for THE DAVINCI CODE, he at least gave you something to think about and some fun puzzles to follow to the ending. Not so with THE LOST SYMBOL.
 Started out in typically Brown fashion and for a while I thought it was really going to have a good plot twist. I was disappointed. Plot was boring and didn't make much sense at the climax. At least a hundred pages at the end could be cut as it seemed like a lot of talk about symbolism that went nowhere. I finished it but wouldn't have missed anything if I put it down early.
 This is probably my favorite Dan Brown novel as of yet. I love Robert Langdon's brilliant yet grounded character and I majored in American history. As a result this book had me captivated from the first few pages.
 Another successful installment of Robert Langdon's life by Dan Brown. The story is interesting, keeps you enthralled and wanting to know more. As always, Langdon is a great character to follow. Hard to put down, just like the others.
 This book is possibly the worst book I have ever read.  The plot is definitely much weaker than the previous two books.  The story often rambles on, repeating the same information about ancient mysteries multiple times over multiple pages.  The language is clunky and flows very poorly.  The climax was barely there and the final revelation was simply disappointing.  The last pages are comprised of yet more rambling that comes after the climax and could have been easily left out for a cleaner ending.  I will think twice before I pick up another Dan Brown book in the future.
 Fun reading but not as captivating as previous books due to the added "more of the same" flavor.
 Followed up the novel with an architectual guide of DC
 Worst of the lot. His other books were ok. But this one made me resign at chapter 109. Could not bear to put up more of this.<br/>As others before me have pointed out, it becomes pointless after some time and drags on and on and on. Read the remaining from wikipedia. Thank heavens I did that, if I had read it fully, Mr Brown would have wasted more hours of my life.<br/><br/>There is no plot, really!!! Just Robert  running in circles. The style of the narration differs form part to part, one will get the feeling that this books was written by 20 people.<br/><br/>Next time Dan, please keep it crispy as the novels before.
 To American mystic symbolism, what Di Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons were to Europe, the action is riveting, smart, and credible. This is a fun addition to Dan Brown's series of smart, action packed historical dramas featuring leading man Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor of religious symbology, ala Indiana Jones.  Brown expands our American consciousness, uncovering new meanings in our national treasures, by forcing protagonist Langdon to survive and triumph over deadly evil intrigue through his courage and genius.  I give it a 4+.
 Having read all 4 of Dan Brown's previous novels, let me first say that the cadence of this book is classic Dan Brown. There are multiple threads progressing in parallel.  Just as a thread reaches fever pitch, the chapter ends and you are back to continue a different thread.  You are always hanging, awaiting resolution.  Brown keeps you reading.  He keeps you curious and not only about what will happen next but with questions like...Does such a site actually exist in DC? Does such a painting actually include these details?  As usual, Brown researches and then weaves in to the plot fascinating information on topics that were, to this point, a mystery to most readers. In this book, Brown provides a lot of information regarding the Masons and Noetic Science, but ,  at least in my case,  still left me hungry to learn more, similar to the amount of added interest that Brown evoked with his past novels regarding the Illuminati or the Knights Templar.  While, as usual, the novel includes unexpected twists, what I found most surprising and refreshing in this Brown work was that, this time, his focus was not just on developing an intriguing story but in actually advocating a belief---in this case providing context, scientific  and historical foundations to the concept that  "...ye are all Gods" and that we are Creators through our thoughts. Fans of writers such as Eckhart Tolle and Neale Donald Walsch will find kindred spirits in Brown's characters Peter and Catherine Solomon.  Perhaps novels such as this can go as far to promote the evolution of consciousness as non-fiction works on the subject. Thank you, Dan Brown for using your talent, research and popularity to lend legitimacy to this message.
 This book is like the other Dan Brown books I have read. It is hard to put down once I started reading. It is a work of fiction but it has several factual events and places worked into the writing. It is certainly a fun book to read.
 Dan Brown never fails to write a great book.  Some aspects I don't like, e.g how he goes back and forth between the main character's point of view.  One minute you are hearing things from the la male and becoming totally involved in his story just to be left hanging while the next chapters turns to the thoughts and actions of the enemy.  It goes back and forth never failing to hold you in suspension.  I had to keep reading just to see what would happen.  The story is excellent, and the characters are great, yet the best part is the artwork, artifacts, and very real mysteries that envelope our nations history.
 Dan Brown certainly departed from writing gripping tales that keep you interested from beginning to end. This book was so predictable that half way through you knew what plot was about to unfold. The ending was so dissapointing that I re-read the final 10 chapters over again to see if I missed something. The only way my friends and I could describe this book was think Mr Rogers meets Silence of the Lambs in the worst possible sense.
 I have had this book for quite some time but finally read it because the movie has to be coming out pretty soon.  Been 2 years since Angels &amp; Demons, so it is due!  Would recommend to anyone who has enjoyed the first 2 books in this series.
 I absolutely loved Dan Brown's new novel and all of the amazing information about codes, symbols and history of the Nation's Capitol. This guy can tell a story like no other. The style is much the same: short chapters that are fast-paced, breathless, imaginative and intelligent. I had a hard time putting it down. The action-packed tale takes readers on an exciting adventure through DC. I often have found myself running to the computer to find out whether what he's talking about is real or not. Lucky are those ones who live in DC and are able to see the locations in the story. I live in São Paulo, Brazil but next time I go to the US, I won't miss the chance to see those locations.
 I have to say I am a tentative fan of Dan Brown.  I really enjoyed Angels and Demons, and the Da Vinci Code was pretty good.  I have to say that this book was beating the Da Vinci Code until the last 50 pages.  The ultimate resolution, or twist just seemed like a cop-out to me.  Like he was trying to think of something really clever and then gave up and explained it simply.  Up until then, it is suspenseful.  The code breaking is fun and was I even able to figure small pieces out.<br/><br/>One thing I thought was interesting about the book was how it dealt with freemasonry.  I, like many thought this book was probably going to be Anti-Mason, but I was completely wrong.  If anything I would say that the book had only positive things to say about the Freemasons.  In the interest of full disclosure, I am a Freemason and I have to say he hit a few things in the craft right on and other things seemed to be a bit exaggerated, at least that is not the way we do things in my lodge.  For obvious reasons I am not going to specify.  But I will say That I do not think most Freemasons will have any qualms with what Brown put in the book.<br/><br/>One final comment.  It seems that in some ways this book was written to be turned into a screen play.  The chapter breaks and shifting perspectives seem made for dramatic music and sudden cuts to black.  I also think there is an overuse of flash backs which sometimes seem like tangents and pull you out of the suspenseful story you are supposed to be reading.
 Definitely recommend.  If you like his previous books you will enjoy this also.  Being a Mason I really enjoyed this one.  Just remember it IS FICTION !  As any really good fiction writer he mixes just enough factual information with the story to make it believable and interesting.  Now looking forward to reading Inferno.
 I really enjoyed the book, and all the little-known historical information about buildings, people, etc.  but honestly, it's same old story.  Take the DaVinci code, change the setting to Washington, change a few names, and you've pretty much got the story.<br/><br/>Read it, it's interesting, but don't expect huge things from it.
 Great book, I hope the movie comes out soon!
 I had a hard time putting it down so I could work. I was totally engrossed. Was extremely interesting. My sister recommended this book and I'm glad she did.
 This book contains some interesting facts which, I'm certain, took some digging to gather and imagination to even look for. Aside from this being eerily similar to the Da Vinci Code in its plot and style the ending is highly implausible in that, within a 10 hour span, among the three main characters, each had significant trauma but within an hour or two they were calmly strolling around appreciating architectural features, enjoying a sunrise and sharing philosophy. I think a more normal reaction would have been: Holy crap! Get me to a hospital!<br/><br/>This is not Dan Brown's best effort or even close. It's quickly paced but predictable.
 Good read, but a bit too much on the thriller turns and explanations.  Interesting premise without spoiling.  Does not leave the Door open to sequel.
 Though this was a good read and interesting story line I found myself frustrated at the repetition of text.  At times I felt like I was watching a weekly tv show where they had to remind you what happened last week.  At other times it just felt like space was being filled so Dan Brown could complete the promised number of pages for his publisher.
 I was somewhat disappointed by this book. I read both books with the same main character ("DaVinci Code" and in my opinion the far better one, "Angels &amp; Demons") and loved them, so I was expecting this one to follow in similar footsteps. Well, it started of good. The (almost) whole novel is fast-paced with each chapter ending with a cliffhanger that makes you want to read "just one more chapter". But somewhere 3/4 ways into it, it looses its steam. The last few chapters have a little too much of the "philosophical" stuff, and although there is a major surprise revelation, it still wasn't enough to fall back into it. At least for me... in the end it was just an OK read.
 I found the book to be extremely informative on Wash,D.C. history.<br/>The climax was totally unexpected.<br/>The anti-climax and throughout the book there were many thought provoking statements. I found myself nodding my head at some of the comments. Things I had previously thought and different ways of looking at life and the afterlife.
 The bookind flowed very well.  It was easy to keep the story line straight.
 Keeps you going from start to finish!
 This book was awesome.  It truly  was hard to put down.  It had me  from beginning to the end, and I have to say I never expected the ending.  WOW!!!  Great Read.
 not his best.  Rolands much better
 Enjoyed the history and art reference in the book, easy to read, page turner in sections, surprising twist in the main characters.
 I have waited for the novel since he announced the title.  I was looking forward to the thrill that Dan Brown always has provided until now.  Unfortunately, Dan Brown has settle himself to write a winded repetitive text that was more a history of the masons than a plot.  I mention the plot becuase it is a cookie cut copy of both Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>His writing, on the other hand, provided a beautiful narrative that can be envied by most writers. Dan Brown, change the pattern plot, take risks and take your character to different levels.  Remember, he is no James Bond.
 I love Dan Brown's books!  He is so good at describing the locations and incorporating historical facts into the story.  I not only get a good thrill but I learn about history as well!
 Fascinating! Dan Brown never lets his readers down.
 I thought it would be at least fast-paced and engaging, ala Brown's last novel.  What I found, instead, was something so devoid of believability that it was just a joke.  Come on, Dan!  You can do better!  Worry less about being so grandiose and more about being authentic.
 True to his writing style from begaining to end, Dan Brown keeps you at the edge of your seat during his entire presentation. Just when you think you know what will happen next----he comes at you with an unexpected surprise.
 Of course this novel is well-written. However, to me it can't compare to Da Vinci code. The symbolism piece just isn't as strong, and Landon's happenings are less riveting, for some reason. Still a good book. though.
 I like it, sure I did. I still can discuss it for hours if someone can hold my conversation. But in the end I think it applies more to american (meaning USA focus community) rather than everyone. The Davinci Code and Angel and Demons were kind of "I needed" to talk about. Still, Mr Brown is shortening the time of their thrillers, from days (The Davinci Code) to a day (Angels and Demons) to hours (The Lost Symbol) through intelligent flash backs, congratulations!!!<br/><br/>By the way it was my first experience on Kindle for iPhone, even though I miss the paper I think it improves my reading speed. Congratulations Amazon for massifying lecture habits!!!
 The entire book built up to the revelation of a secret, but once revealed it was anticlimactic and not worth keeping a secret over.  It also seemed the book ended long before it actually ended. It seems Dan Brown was pressured into making another book with Langdon due to the success of the other 2 books, but this one is a let down.
 The way history is woven with fiction is intellectually entertaining. Great twists and turns to keep the pages turning.
 it was ok
 An excellent and complex cleverly interwoven plot. Kept me engaged the whole time.
 Book moved along well, and was very entertaining.
 Great Customer Service
 I enjoyed this fascinating and suspenseful book.  The last book I read by Dan Brown was Angels and Demons, which was also a good read.  The ending was pretty transparent to me by the 53rd chapter, but I seriously continued to enjoy the unfolding plot line and the suspense that Dan Brown is known for.
 SUPER
 There is a great thriller in this book looking for a good editor to separate it from the textbook. Two books in one.
 Fantastic Book!  As usual, Brown educates, entertains, and surprises you.
 read it twice, Liked it better the second time.
 It's a good read but it's not what i would call a masterpiece. i expected more from Brown after reading Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/> A good third of the book, if you don't pay close attention can lead to information indigestion. It felt like I was sitting in a lecture during the first 23 chapters or so.<br/>It touched on Noetic Science but i never really saw how it fits in the whole chase. The notion of Noetic Science virtually disappeared after Malakh blew up Solomon's lab. There's a number of anticlimactic scenes.
 Not a disappointing read, keeps you guessing until the end. Enjoy the factual symbolism in his books that make his writing intriguing! Would recommend!
 Good start, was hooked for most of read, however ending was a bit anticlimactic.. also, parts of story were a bit too technical and dry.. but still worth a read
 Dan Brown's stories are face-paced and exciting. The story happens within a short period of time and the reader is drawn in as a participant as the characters race through events. I didn't want to put the book down until I was finished with it. Very good read.
 This book will appeal to people interested in conspiracy theory. This book—a fictional work—leaves a thought to ponder. Quite a thriller!
 The book is entertaining. I rate it 3 because it starts GREAT, then gets Good, and the end is TERRIBLE. The plot is definetly interesting. Talks about the founding Fathers, and about all the esoteric things they believed in, so gets your interest, but then it's too much of the same over and over, with a psycho character that makes no sense, and then the end is disappointing..
 This was OK reading, kind of interesting, a little tedious at times.  Langdon seemed a bit dummied down in this one, and unfortunately the ending was a bit of a disappointment.  This is one I wish I had checked out from the library instead of purchasing.
 This book reads like a screenplay in the opening chapters, then gets a bit tedious with it's descriptions of location, location, location. As the story progresses character development diminishes to the point of assumption. I've read all but the last 20 pages and somehow lost motivation to finish it off as the ending is so flat. Especially disappointing since the book could have had a intellectually stimulating ending what with all the Noetic sciences buildup. Instead we got a mediocre and violent end. Still, I can't wait to re-visit Washington, D.C. and go on a tour to see all that I didn't see.
 This was really boring- I had to slog my way through it. I've really enjoyed some of his other books, but skip this one
 This book is a profound accomplishment on many levels, both intellectual and spiritual. As I finished I couldn't help but wonder how amazing our world would be if we all simply changed the way we thought about ourselves and our place in the universe. Well worth the time to read and to ponder the amazing power of that which makes us unique: our minds.
 Intriguing insight into many of the more acane facets of Masonry combined with a jolly good plot.  Another winner for Dan Brown.
 It was excellent! Very informative &amp; interesting. I had read the digital copy from the library, which had pictures. The paperback does not. I was hoping it would. But the story is gripping; I couldn't put it down!
 The same exciting mysteries to examine and fast paced action by the fabulous Langdon as in The Da Vinci Code.<br/>Macabre, intriguing and delightful in the telling.  I was motivated to look up the meaning of words and symbols and discover some facts that amazed me. How does Dan Brown continue to do stuff like this?<br/>If you liked The Da Vinci Code, you'll love The Lost Symbol.
 Another great book from Dan Brown.  Loved the main character, Robert Langdon.  The action was good and just enough without over doing it.  If you loved the other books in this series than you sure need to do this one.
 Even if Dan Brown can turn ordinary themes into "frantic" persecutions and compress events of one single night into a whole book, Lost Symbol is probably not his best work. I got the feeling he was giving too much unnecessary details to try to fill pages and make it longer and more complex. I got tired of "running" around D.C. and its landmarks with no known purpose. Brown stretches his imagination sometimes to the border of credibility, or just trying to make it interesting for the reader. Most of the time it did not work for me. I will probably buy his next book as well, but maybe if I don't expect as much as I did from this one, I just might enjoy a bit more.
 The worst of his books. Too drawn out.  Too many plots, elflashbacks
 This book is an OK read. As usual with Dan Brown books, it acquaints you with some new disciplines and novel information, and in this instance, tells you a great deal about the traditions behind the Masons and how they relate to Washington DC and the founding fathers. I do genealogy research, and many of my family were Masons, so I found this interesting. But this book rambles--A LOT. There are long-winded dialogs from the bad guy's point of view. Long-winded explanations and then some key points glossed over. I could have edited 100 pages out of this book and made it better, and no one would have missed what I cut.
 In perfect Dan Brown style, another mind-boggling and potentially controversial novel. Quite worth the read, this novel takes you through a DC adventure unlike any other. I'm now tempted to visit all of these sites to see the wonders highlighted in this novel.<br/><br/>Read it!
 Let's face it: Dan Brown never was a great writer. His books have always been formulaic, the characters cookie-cutter, and the writing style is atrocious. This book, while moderately entertaining, does not match Angels &amp; Demons or The Da Vinci Code. Had this been Dan Brown's first novel, he would not have become an international celebrity. I expect that many of his future novels will be billed as "his best since The Da Vinci code" and not as "his best since The Lost Symbol." I will not comment on too much of the specifics of the book because I should not spoil the reading. Nonetheless, the revelation at (or near) the end of the story is rather anticlimactic. The characters often do things and/or behave in ways that would be extremely unlikely under the conditions presented - their health and/or psychological condition would be simply prohibitive. The bad guy in the story (Mal'akh) grew very tall under the influence of "growth hormone" and "steroids" after the age of 18. That is totally impossible because epiphyseal closure of the bones' growth plates eliminate the tissue on which growth hormone of any kind could act. I am not criticizing the elements of the book that were absolutely needed for the plot, but even the non-essentials are often misguided. We could go on and on with the "insights" the book has to offer. It is, in the end, pulp - and if you read it as such, you will be entertained, unless your taste for more refined writing will intervene.
 An overriding theme in Dan Brown's writing is: secrets are bad.  Whether it's the Masons, Opus Dei, or the Catholic Church in general, there don't seem to be any redeeming qualities in protecting secrets.  In fact, none of the secrets once revealed and understood are as frightening or shocking as those addicted to secrecy, power, and control woud have us believe.  His personal statement might be this simple, "Isn't it time we're all honest with each other?"  If we were, his hope for a better world, as well as ours, would have a decent chance of being realized.  Many of the conclusions in his novels seem very redemptive. While an ill-adapted few are searching to find faults in his facts, most readers are able to see a wider and more authentic interpretation of reality in his fiction.
 Like all the books of Dan Brown's I have read, it is terrific. He is such a good writer!
 I love all of the Robert Langson books, but so far this one is my favorite.
 Intriguing. The love of symbolism. Noetic Science. It makes me want to know more about all of it. Thank you Dan Brown.
 Dan Brown creates an adventure of mystery and fact. After reading his novels one has a combined experience of an excellent fictional read combined with
 Excellent mystery, action, all the things that make a book a "page turner".  I couldn't put it down.  Dan Brown is a master at blending the reality of historical events with the story he is telling.
 I would never have expected this book to keep my interest because lets face it, at some point Dan Brown has to have a book that is not outstanding. There are twists and turns and you don't know where or how it will end.
 I read Dan Brown's books and feel like I am right there. So with The Lost Symbol, I toured DC &amp; found a symbol. Quite A Twist at the end!
 This is definitely action-packed and filled with symbology, just like The DaVinci Code but that's about all that can be said in its favor.<br/><br/>The plot is outrageous, the plot twists contrived, and the underlying premise is ridiculously Homo sapiens-centric and self-indulgent.  I raced through this book only to find an ending that did not satisfy. To me it felt like the entire meat of the book (at least its intellectual premise) was contained in the first hundred pages and the rest was just tacked on to make a contrived roller coaster ride. I'm thinking this would have been much better as a novella.
 Like a 3-star move, you are somewhat entertained but not satisfied. This story is overloaded with details and redundancies.
 The book definitively got my interest... Every second I had free I was reading a chapter...<br/>Although long, the suspence was kept and so was my interest; at the middle of the book, I knew who one of the characters was, but I wasn't prepared for the conclusion of the book... What conclusion??? Left me with the feeling of watching a fireworks show, getting bigger, bigger, awaiting for the final big blast, but there was none... the show was over
 Reading Dan Browns books is like taking a history class. The Robert Langdon character provides so much information I feel like I am taking his course.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books and have no one but myself to blame. I first read Angels and Demons and enjoyed a good suspensful story; however, every book after and before (I don't know the order of publication) follows the exact same formula. The first time you meet the "SECRET" villian when he is not described simply as the shadowy voice or figure (that is someone trusted and known to Langdon or the main character) you always know that he will end up being the bad guy at the end of the story.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a lucky man to make a living writing, a very good living, for such predictable "suspense thrillers".<br/><br/>This is of course just my opinion.
 The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown is a good read that keeps you thinking. There were some good plot twists that I didn't expect. If you're a Dan Brown fan then I think you will definitely like this book.
 This book was a treat in that it was set in the U.S.  Brown captivated me with all of the rich history and symbolism I've come to expect with the added interest of being set in our very own capitol.  The spiritual undertones, imagery, and symbolism shared a fundamental similarity with another great novel I recently read called Revelation:  Book One of the Todor Trilogy by Jenna Newell Hiott.  It tickles me when universal truths are unveiled in stories across literary genres!
 This is by far the best book I've read!  Dan Brown outdid himself with this book. Every time I read one of his book, he amazes me!  God has given you a talent!  Thank you.
 It's not his best but it is a good book that holds your interest!<br/>It is worth taking your time to read the story.
 Hard to stop reading.  The only negative is that it ends.  Can hardly wait to read the next Dan Brown book.
 I love all of Dan Brown's books!!!!!!
 Great Book full of mysteries and wonder, the story is simply amazing. Dan Brown always making me read until the next, next chapter! So much fun and adventure!
 Continuing the adventures of Robert Langdon.  Very exciting story.  No lull in the action.<br/>The descriptions of our historical buildings and bits of information about early history were very interesting.
 lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll lllllllllllllll l  l lllllllllllllllllll llllll lllllllll llllllll lllllllll llllllllllll llllllllllllll llllllllllll lllllllllllllllll llllllllll llllllllll m  m  m  mm m
 I have enjoyed Dan Brown's books in the past just for the pure entertainment factor alone, I cast aside any broader implications his books have for many people. The Lost Symbol is entertaining and pensive no doubt, but it's way too long. I mean come on already Dan Brown! Sometimes it feels like there are paragraphs in the book just to fill it up a little more. Not much substance in most of the narration. I think if this book was well edited or thought out, it would have been a third its size and far more entertaining.
 While well written, the narrative is overly detailed with increasingly tedious references to symbols / symbolism which Brown makes-up as he goes along. This detracts hugely from both its credibility as a yarn and enjoyment. The book could be great if it was condensed to about half its current length.
 If a book makes me want to give up my sleep and keep reading, it is worthy of this rating!
 Couldn't put it down.  The ending was shocking.  Dan Brown does an incredible job of building a story around documented facts.  I'm so glad that this was fiction.
 Bizarre is Dan's latest.  CIA, conspiracy theories, too many impermeable locked doors, one character pushed into a chemical tank never to be seen again by the reader (what did happen to her?)  And pursuit of long held Freemasonry secret code and word.  I was exhausted by the twists and turns and didn't give one hoot about any ot the chracters.  You're good Dan, and we can't hit a blockbuster every time, but this time take the ending and make it the beginning of your next book.
 It was a good read. Toward the end it was getting a little too deep in the ancient magic. It was a good history of and exposing some of the interesting places in Washington.
 As with all of his books, this one tears through the action so you never get bored and, as usual, I learned a great deal of history;  this time about Washington, DC and its environs
 not as great as Angels and Demons &amp; Da Vinci Code but I did enjoy it. I wish they make that in a movie with Tom Hanks
 Some aspects of the story were very predictable and totally unbelievable.
 Good story, couldn't put it down. Dan Brown's historical details are always very interesting.
 A suspenseful &amp; engaging novel - ENJOY<br/>a wonderful addition to the Robert Langdon series! Interesting and very thought provoking!
 Did you read the awesome book: The DaVinci Code? What about Angels and Demons? Yeah, well he wrote the same book only this time it's in Washington DC. SPOILER ALERT: Don't look too closely at the dust jacket of the book until you're done reading it. I did, and the knew where the treasure was hidden. Seriously, Dan Brown just phoned this one in.
 Eh, its ok though not nearly as good as the Divinci Code or Angels and Demons. Its as if he's trying to hard. What I did find facinating are the other books mentioned in this book as referece material.
 This truly is a work of fiction:<br/><br/>1) We know the setting is present-day, because there is constant mention of Google and iPhone - The Redskins in the playoffs?!!!!? Now THAT is a stretch.<br/><br/>2) At the beginning of the book Robert Langdon flies from Harvard to Dulles Airport - which is 30 miles west of Washington DC - what kind of flight path did the private jet take that afforded him to see the Washington Monument from his window? Oh that's right, that was only so Dan Brown could reveal the final destination of the book - which was completely obvious - I kept thinking to myself "why couldn't a HARVARD PROFESSOR put the pieces together when a simpleton like myself nailed it from the first few pages?" If he had just gone to there from the get-go, we could have avoided the torturous 400+ pages in-between and gotten to the pitifully disappointing ending.<br/><br/>Now for more bad news:<br/><br/>1) The true identity of the antagonist is painfully obvious - why is he so personally committed to destroying Peter Solomon? It only takes a few moments of recollection to figure that one out.<br/><br/>2) The "data backup" "twist" was also obvious, which left the explosion of the lab lackluster. Anyone in the technology/data sector knows you ALWAYS have an off-site backup - in fact, everyone who has lost data due to a hard drive crash would realize the importance of an off-site backup, or at least a thumb-drive. YAWN.<br/><br/>3) That the Architect of the Capital (forgot his name) was so compelled to protect the Mason's "secret", even at the cost of the life of his life-long friend Peter made sense - but then as soon as he saw that video, he folded. That makes no sense. That "damning evidence" was nothing compared to real-life blunders that politicians and world leaders commit. The once you realize what that "secret" really is, you'd think "this guy is a sucky friend - he would let me die for THAT! - he's not invited over for dinner ever again".<br/><br/>4) More on that "secret" - it's only the most widely published book in the world - what's so secret about that? VERY DISAPPOINTING.<br/><br/>5) The "rest" of the Smithsonian collection (the other 98% of the collection NOT on display, according to the book) only has 1 idoit security guard? REALLY? Thieves - take note of that!<br/><br/>6) They are taking the blue line! Obviously not! Come on, 30 pages were wasted on that obvious "twist".<br/><br/>7) I know, Robert Langdon has claustrophobia - Every situation in which Langdon encounters trouble seems to involve him being caught in a tight corridor or box....<br/><br/>8) Katherine Solomon, supposedly a brilliant scientist, is actually more gullible than my 2-year old son.<br/><br/>9) There's more...  New chapter, focused on a completely different book review].... but I have to catch up on my work since i wasted several hours reading this disappointing book.
 One of Dan Brown's best! Down load to your tablet the edition with fine photos that make his descriptions come to life.<br/>Incredible research as we have come to expect from Brown.<br/>Will not disappoint any historical- intrigued buff
 After reading "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code", this one seems like a cop out.  I feel like Brown was writing it as if it were a movie or that it was going to be made into a movie.  It didn't grab me like the previous ones where I could hardly put them down.  With this one, I felt no urgency to finish, except in the hopes of it being done.  I was disappointed.
 I have enjoyed this book as much as all of the other Dan Brown books.  It has taken a while to read it, I am almost done, don't have a lot of time for reading, but can't wait to start the next one.
 loved the mystery surrounding the Masons
 Good, but not great.  Not as good as Angels and Demons or Da Vinci Code.  This book got a little preachy and just silly at the end.
 This book was clearly a disappointment. Mr. Brown basically does the same plot as his previous couple books and just substitutes in new characters. Very weak.
 5 stars! There was a lot of action, suspense, what a thrill ride! One of those books that make you think. Lots of history. I plan to do some research myself. Dan Brown is so good at this. I've read from DaVinci Code thru Inferno. Loved them all!
 I couldn't put this down.  Same with The DaVinci Code.  Dan Brown's writing and research of historical events and creations made you believe it was a real story being told. A must read.
 As always, veri thoroughly researched and unputdownable.
 Fascinating book.
 I do not know wheather to cry or yell out loud! I can not even laugh--way not funny either.<br/>I waited so long for this book and now I am wondering where Dan Brown went?<br/>It simply does not stand up to his first two in this series.<br/>His character, Robert Langdon, has become a closed minded, know-it-all, professor. I tried to count how many times Langdon said he did not beleive there was a hidden "word" and after 6 times I gave up.<br/>There are 133 chapters,100 would have been enough(already).<br/> So many of them repeat and repeat what was said in previous chapters. I am so flusterated I want to shake some one, maybe the book editor--- someone ought to pay for this mess! Dan, you need a hug!
 I thought discussing the scenery of Italy was good but the story line was weak
 I love the Dan Brown, Professor Langdon books and this one did not disappoint.  It kept you riveted. Just don't take the book too seriously and you won't be disappointed.
 THE REASON FOR THE RATING IS THE OVERALL CAT AND MOUSE CHASE IS IN THIS BOOK AS IS ALL OF BROWN'S BOOKS ARE THAT I HAVE READ.  The ending too drawn out.  Didn't need all Katherine rambling at the end.
 As always an exciting and intriguing book that captives you to carry on reading, however the ending could have been more....
 Another interesting book of symbolism, faith and intrigue. Inspires thought and self-reflection, and desire to study the Bible. Well done Dan
 Another great book by Dan Brown! I will always like the davinci code better but this is still a good read
 the twists were definitely good. but I guess the ending was a little bit disappointing...
 This book rates a 4 star rating as a very well written mystery/adventure.  The storyline is gripping and the suspense is superbly mesmerising with good and evil tangling once again.  I liked the author's expositions of the characters' varied motivations and viewpoints.  This resonated with me.  I did not like the (to me) somewhat unbelievable metamorphosis of the person who became the tattooed man.  I recommend this book to readers who enjoy good mystery and suspense AND who have an open mind. LOUIS C. PAPPAS .
 I have read every Dan Brown book and really enjoy his stories. Clearly he does enormous research for his books and while fiction there is a great deal of historic foundation in his work.
 Worst Book I've ever read. I got 3/4 thru it and gave up. Just awful!!!
 The book is barely ok. My rating is 2.15 stars.<br/><br/>After an interesting start, the good guys all went stupid in terms of decisions and priorities.  I almost found myself cheering for the dark side.<br/><br/>After a fair amount of misdirection, the ending sort of fell apart.  Over the course of reading several Brown books, it is apparent that misdirection and weak endings are taking over his work.  As long as people keep buying, I predict that his next effort will have a very manipulative body and a frayed tail.
 I am an unabashed, Dan Brown fan: in this novel, the often-misunderstood organization known as "Freemasonry" is explored and serves as the context for the continuing adventures of "Robert Langdon," Symbologist-Extraordinaire, played out in the Masonic and Scottish Rite-rich history of our nation's capitol.
 Could not put it down, really opens your mind. Look forward to reading g the next one. Must read. Love it
 I kept picturing Tom Hanks in the movie in my head! It's full of irony and unbelievable suspense. I really feel I'm tramping through Europe out of breath with Langdon! Excellent read.
 I enjoyed reading the book kept your interest and the findings revealed were possible.
 I enjoyed the book all in all couldn't put it down at night. The plot was great. A profound theme. Had enjoyed getting to know numerous tibits of histories of art, architecture, and D.C. Though I must say the last chapter or so gave me a yawn, even the message was a powerful one.<br/>It had exceeded beyond my expectation given the phenonemonal success of Da Vinci Code.
 As always, Dan Brown takes you to places that you never thought you would go.  He grabs you by the hand and leads you into the bowels of places you wouldn't go on your own, but after arriving, you are glad you went.
 This book gets 2 stars instead of just 1 because it did keep me entertained for the first half.  However, about 70% of the way through the book, it began to all fall apart.  Seriously, weighing the soul?  That has been attempted many times.  Since when does one patient having decrease in weight at death = weighing the soul.  Ick!  That is just the tip of the iceberg.  The ending seemed like he had gotten bored with his story line, or perhaps his deadline was coming due, and he rushed it as quickly as possible.  I only finished the book because I hoped he would redeem himself at the end.  He didn't.  Sometimes, it's best to stop when you're hot.  This is an instance of not stopping when you should.
 If you’re into science and ancient religions, you’ll love this book. I hope they turn it into a movie, too!
 Great reading!  I've really loved all his books. Can't wait for the next one to come out.
 I couldn't stop reading till it was over,and was sad that there was no more. great book.
 Another Dan Brown's book following the foot steps of the Davinci code and Angels&amp; Demons. I like all additional information around symbols, US capitol's history as well as all information around Masonary. It was easy to read and you get quickly into it.<br/>People who are very religious might find it offensive in their own way but it is another point of view and it's a book to think about.
 the start is a little boring but after change and was really good book
 I enjoyed the information, how Brown seems to teach sneaky like in his storytelling. If you enjoy mystery and mystical stuff then you will like this as long as you aren't in too big of a hurry
 Ok, so I know that the first two Robert Langdon novels weren't exactly easy to believe....but when I say "far-fetched" I'm more referring to Brown's explanations. He seems to really be reaching with a lot of the comparisons that he's making in this book. On top of that, he just feels the need to repeat the same argument over and over, until you feel like screaming, "Alright, I get it!" This is blatantly apparent towards the end of the book.<br/><br/>Brown's writing ability has never been spectacular, but at least with the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, you were so caught up in the plot and so busy turning pages, it was hard to notice. Now, with the repetitive nature of this book, it becomes much more noticeable. As for the predictable comment....I'm not going to give anything away, but I will say that if you pay a little bit of attention to the way he words certain phrases in the book, you can see one of the big "twists" in the end coming from a mile away. Lastly, I was very disappointed in the ending of this book. With his last few books (i.e. the Da Vinci Code), Brown seemed to have found a way to leave the reader very satisfied after hundreds of pages of nonstop suspense. With this ending, I feel he has gone back to the feel of a C-list movie like in some of his earlier works (i.e. Deception Point).<br/><br/>Let's just hope this was the fluke in the Robert Langdon chain, because I really did enjoy the other 2 novels.
 After reading The Davinci Code and Angels and Demons, I pretty much knew what to expect and wasn't disappointed.  The action takes place over about a 24 hour period, which gives a great sense of urgency to the "quest" of our hero.  It is an action packed mystery with interesting philosophical ideas.
 Dan Brown uses his same recipe to make another best seller... even if it was just "okay." It was decent. It took forever to get into it, but once it got going, I was able to stay entertained.
 Fast moving and tense. Wonderful villains and surprises. Dan Brown opens your mind to complex yet believable possibilities. The illustrations give you a better sense of what he describes. Excellent read!
 It is too much of technicalities. Though liking or not liking a book depends on the reade,r more than the book itself. I love reading thrillers and i didnot like this one. It seems the plot is similar to Dan Browns previous books and there is so much details about symbols that till the end I couldnot understand what and how the got solved. Though I liked his previous books ; just a star for this one.
 It was non-stop excitement from the beginning, a real page turner.
 This book is a bridge from the excellent da Vinci Code to  Inferno.  While still having some merit, It is little more than a "beach book".  It does not dip to the low of Inferno, however.
 A superb story, and wonderfully written.  As always dan Brown's characters come to life on the written page.  I can hardly wait to read his next  book.
 Although it's pretty much the same formula Dan Brown used for the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, you can't put down this books. I really like Robert Langdon as a character and the villian was a real villian.
 Silly me, I forgot that I bought and read this a couple of years ago.  I thought it was new. The story is interesting, especially about what is in Washington, the buildings, societies, etc.
 Another action packed, edge of your seat, cannot put it down book. It is full unexpected twists and turns. On to the next book.
 A most powerful thought provoking novel of astounding mind opening possibilities. I am going to try and concentrate my own thoughts, impressions and actions into becoming one with myself and my world.
 Another Dan Brown novel with the same template, same characters in a different venue.  If you are a Brown fan, you'll enjoy this book.  If you have never read Brown, this book will  be fun.  Otherwise it's just very Okay!
 I have to confess that for most part of the book I was entertained, it was a good story that was easy to read.  But the end of the book is just lame, really this book could easily be 10% shorter.  The story is simple, nothing too fancy or elaborated but it was good.  But at the end everything goes to hell...
 It keeps you alert and makes a good reading. However, while reading, it seemed to me it was written with 2 main aims: 1) trying to make up for the Da Vinci Code assertions regarding the Church and 2) advertising the Masons. I am not saying any of the aims are bad, but one may wonder about the intentions of the author. Still a very good story and well written, even in the passages when too much technical detail is given for no particular reason. :)
 Good Book
 This is a long read.  Not up to Dan Browns usual can't wait to turn the page book, but still interesting, but slow moving.
 Pretty good,
 good
 I hadn't actually heard of this Brown novel until after I'd completed his latest novel Inferno.  Full of wit, adventure, and educational fun. I am only sorry I didn't read this fabulous book earlier.
 Couldn't put it down.  Kept me up at nights.  Would love to dig into some of the symbols a little more on my own now.  Being familiar with a lot of Washington, DC was also fun to take the trip.
 Great read! Kinda seems like he's trying to appologize to the Free Masons though.
 Fantastic
 Not nearly as good as his earlier books.  Don't waste your money - if you MUST read - get it from the library.  Trust me, it can wait and does NOT need to be a part of your personal library.
 This book was a fast read, and entertaining. It is a lot like 'Transformers'... I remained interested and entertained but that is about it.<br/><br/>All in all, exactly what I expected.
 Once again, I love Dan Brown's writing style and ability to incorporate history and myths into his story. This book continues on the adventure of Robert but this time it's in USA. I love it focuses on one of the biggest conspiracy in US history and takes us throughout some of the most interesting history of USA.
 Suspenseful, detailed, educational, and utterly mind-boggling. Dan Browns writing and research is perfection and The Lost Symbol does not disappoint. One of the first books in a long time that had me looking specific information about DC because I had to know more!
 I loved Dan Brown's precious books, but this one just never seemed to get going.  Too much minutiae....needs  to be edited down!  I just could not finish it.  Maybe someday......
 I've just started reading Dan Brown's Robert Langdon books and once I start I just can't put them down they pull you in right right off and won't let go till the last page hinting and revealing something with every word he is a genius and I'm looking forward to reading more of his work
 I could not put this book down! I took it everywhere I went because it was so suspenseful and interesting and scary! Loved every minute of it. Actually my favorite of Dan Brown's books!
 Once again Dan Brown exceeds the bar set for excellence in writing! Enjoy this outstanding read and open your mind and heart to what is being told! Excellent!
 I think that Dan Brown is not a good writer, but he knows how to entertain those where my thoughts when I finished reading the Davinci Code and Angels and Demons, but this book is ridiculous, is the same structure of the other two but without a good theme.  The more you read the more pathethic the book became, the end is a disaster, he could go deep in the Malhak character and learn about his motivations, how he became a monster,  but Brown decides that its better for the plot to unveil  the secret of the Washington obelisk .... So much trouble for a bible ...... This doesn't make any sense at all.  If you like to read a good novel, skip this, this novel is a disaster, this is Brown's Waterloo
 I normally focus on historical fiction and contemporary romance, but I really enjoy a bit of Dan Brown at times. He is such a master of his genre, there just isn't anyone to touch him.
 Not Brown's best. Though Langdon has worked his way throught several complex situations as in The DaVinci Code for example, he seems inordinately befuddled...grew tiresome.  It's an ok read but just so.
 Like others, I anxiously awaited Dan Brown's much-hyped new release.  After reading it, I have to say that I was under-whelmed.  The story never did click for me.  'Lost Symbol' was not on the same par as 'Angels and Demons' or 'DaVinci Code'.  Maybe I expected to much from Dan Brown.  But the next time he releases a new title, I think I'll wait until after it's reviewed before I buy it.  I certainly won't pre-order one of his books again.
 Not the DaVinci Code to be sure, but better than a lot of the stuff out there.<br/>A few thoughts:<br/>Factual errors: Bell did not invent wireless (DUH!) he invented the telephone.<br/>Slow start. It takes a long time to get going. But then the pace is frantic. Almost impossible.<br/>Slow end. Drags on and is very philosphical and actually pretty pointless.<br/>A lot of speculative science, and a lot of interesting historical facts.<br/>But the middle is pretty good and fun. Classic Dan Brown. Don't miss it.
 this rocks.i love this book so much. there was this scene that made me think robert had died. i was so glad when he was ok. so much suspense in this book. great reading
 The Lost Symbol was fun to read.  I had always wanted to know more about the Mason's, and I have not had much time in DC.  So, I think I learned a little bit about both, and found myself doing some online research as I read along.<br/><br/>The story is OK, suspenseful, and sufficiently scary to keep your interest.  If there is to be a movie, they will need someone like A Hopkins to portray the Lecter like character of intelligent evil.<br/><br/>Will this book change your life?  Not likely.  Is it a quick fun read?  Yes.
 Dan Brown really knows how to write a good good book. But if you've read any of his other works in the Robert Langdon saga, you know that he's very formulaic. It makes his books very predictable, but this one was based in D.C., and that alone gives it an extra star.
 I gave this as a gift. The recipient was most pleased. Huge Dan Brown fan.
 if you read da vinci and/or angels / demons than you should expect much of the same.  dan brown seems to be a staunch environmentalist based on the amount of recycling he does in his story.  i have decided to let the next d.b. book pass me by.
 It took a while to get into the book but it was incredible when it opened up and the ending blows my mind! Can't wait to read the next one!
 Twists and turns keep one saying to themselves, "Just one more page before I set the book down and get "whatever" done.  Great book, anxious for the next one to come out!!
 I was very disappointed with this book. I was so looking forward to it and had it pre-ordered and it was definitely not worth the wait. I love to read and usually read a book in 2-3 days if it's good. This book took me two weeks and I can't count the number of times I almost quit reading it.<br/><br/>Dan Brown - if I want to be lectured to I'll take a college course and if I want to be preached to I'll go to church. You're book is a work of fiction and I expected to be entertained. I was not at all.<br/><br/>I guess you met your goal with it though. You made a great deal of money from hanging onto the coattails of your previous books. But in my book you really let down your fans.
 Much of the same from Mr. Brown.  So much explaining of nonsense.  This was much lighter on the suspense than Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons.  Also, the characters come across as condescending in their lengthy explanations.
 I love all Dan Brown's books.  This one didn't disappoint.
 What more can I say? I love this author, I love the series. I completely recommend it. His books always make me do some research, which is amazing since I get to know a lot of art history.
 Now don't get me wrong, I like a good, escapist and even formulaic book just as much as the next guy.  But this book was the limit!<br/><br/>If you've read anything else by Dan Brown, then you've read this book.  Robert Langdon gets caught up in a whirlwind of adventure with all of the EXACT SAME CIRCUMSTANCES as before: a smart and edgy female of interest, a fanatical madman who takes his devotion one step too far, a wise older friend, and a no-nonsense police force who both work for and against Landgon.  It's all the same.  Oh, and Langdon almost dies.  Oh, and there are puzzles to be solved that no one has solved before.  Oh, and there's a time limit.<br/><br/>What's worse is the payoff: whereas Da Vinci Code left me with tangible results, the ending of Lost Symbol is such a masturbatory imagining of nonsense, that you cannot help but feel completely let down for having spent time out of your precious life trudging through to the end of the book.<br/><br/>Dan Brown, you got cocky.  I will seriously have to consider ever buying one of your books again.
 Loved it...amazing book...Thank you enjoyed every minute that I was reading...when will your next come out...soon I hope thank you again
 Robert Langdon is once again involved in solving another mystery. And iot needs to be done quickly as lives are at stake. As well as the Vatican itself is involved.
 The book was great. I am a fan of Dan Brown's Robert Langdon series. Always well written. They are usually fast paced and exciting enough to keep my attention. And the lost symbol may be one of his best books.
 Haven't finished yet but seems a little slower paced than DaVinici Code
 One of the best in the Robert Langdon series. Right up there with The DaVinci Code. Loved the DC setting and Masons as the main subject.
 I enjoyed The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown. Great plot twist! However, not his greatest work in my opinion.<br/><br/>Suffice it to say that the landscape was less engaging than a European backdrop in the other Langdon books. My argument would be that architecture in America is not nearly as grand or filled with such a history as Rome or Paris. Time will tell.
 Similar to Brown's other books in the weaving of historical facts and secret society tid-bits into a fast-moving storyline. Living close to DC with family members in the Masons, found this book to be particularly interesting. Even though Brown's books are fast easy reads, they typically contain some profound and provocative thoughts. This book cuts to the heart of religion and the notion of "god". Found that fascinating and has led to some great discussions.
 The Lost Symbol was a very exciting and entertaining read. Without giving away the details of the story, it is a thriller and a very good one at that. The story will have you turning pages with new surprises at the end of every chapter. This was my first Dan Brown novel and I was very surprised at how good the book was. Others state that The Lost Symbol isn't as good as his previous novels, but I cannot comment for I haven't read the previous novels. I enjoyed this book and recommend it to the reader looking for a thriller and who might learn a thing or two while reading.
 I enjoyed reading this book.  It had a really interesting story line.  I love the use of symbolism and conspiracy as is Dan Brown's MO. I especially loved that it took place in Washington DC. However I was a little disappointed.  It felt like there was a lot of repeated information, maybe you could call it filler or too much, over the top explanation.  And it was more predictable than I expected.  Still I was eager to read it and finished quickly, (wondering if I was right) and that, to me, says "worth the read."
 I love Dan Brown novels and continue to read them all. Another great selection.
 this book was a page turner. Dan Brown keeps you reading well into the night. Love all the historical interest in the book. you learn while your entertained. highly recommend
 Perfect
 Not as good as his other books.  It was interesting and disappointing at the same time.
 As always,Dan Brown did not disappoint.  All of his books keep you on the edge of your seat, are filled with lots of historical facts and surprise you
 i like the ending
 Dan Brown is a genius. This book will make you think about what America was founded on and how that effects us today. It does with a very action packed story line.
 thank you
 this was a gift, I didn't read
 I pre-ordered this book for delivery on my Kindle and was looking forward to reading it.  I found it disappointing.  The story was formulaic and seemed to be a beleaguered attempt at reliving Brown's past glories with the Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Conflating covering up repulsive arcane rituals performed by powerful men with saving Democracy for people who are too stupid to understand the symbolism of the rituals??? Concealing our beloved leaders' behavior is an issue of national security??? Really! It seems to me that concealing the behavior of these powerful men from us has been the biggest threat to Democracy.<br/><br/>The idea that Noetic "science" is a route to powerful improvement to the human condition - ridiculous. Thoughts don't weigh grams or ounces and wishful thinking doesn't accomplish anything.<br/><br/>I was never able to suspend my disbelief and felt that I was being lectured by a devout radical. This book was not worth the time it took to read it.
 I have read all of Dan Browns Book and this one was awesome.  I finished the whole thing in one Sunday.  I just couldn't peel myself away from this book.  I was so caught up in it.
 excellent
 Dan Brown is one of my favorite authors. I await any book he writes and he never disappoints  me. Some are better than others but this is another great one
 If you have liked Browns other R. Langdon books you will enjoy this. It has a twist towards the end and the book kept me interested. I gave it 4 stars because it would have to be a perfect book and this came close however the other 2 books were better but still a good book.
 Havent got to read yet, but love Dan Brown books so sure it will keep my interest like the others.  Inferno  was the top of my favorites.
 I enjoy Dan Brown's books and they make me look things up so I learn all the time.
 The books development and plotline was very typical of a dan brown novel. High intensity and movie like scene changes. The final idea and resolution was disappointing as the promise of world changing enlightenment was unrealistic.
 This is by far the worst of the Robert Langdon books by Dan Brown. Honestly, you don't need to read this book. Just skip it and go right to "Inferno" and pretend this book never happened. You'll thank me for it. Well, you probably won't, since you won't know how much I saved you, but just trust me: skip this book and read Inferno. Just do it. Inferno has a few weak spots, but is a much more superior book.<br/><br/>To explain a little bit: "The Lost Symbol" is often entertaining, but the payoff to the central story is a total disappointment. It's as if Brown intentionally sat down and tried to think of the biggest letdown he could think of. Besides that, there are huge swaths of the book that should have been edited out, including everything about Noetics and most of the ending that just wouldn't die. Granted, I've never written a novel so it's easy for me to criticize, but I'm criticizing the book within the context of the other Robert Langdon novels. By those standards, this book is a real stinker.
 While I loved Deception Point and Digital Fortress, and enjoyed daVinci Code, this book was lacking. It felt convoluted rather than complex, and the ending was a real letdown.
 Some twists and turns but the Robert Langdon solving mysteries continues
 Good read
 Fascinating and rapidly moving plot.  Many elements of these beliefs resound in the truths given to man from the beginning in the Bible and are found in the scriptures revealed to Joseph Smith and his followers of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. Mr. Brown might enjoy a deep discussion with a well versed member if he hasn't already. Very enjoyable reading  with incredible detail of historical sites, beliefs and traditions...learned several things while being totally entertained!  Thanks for the great read!
 Love all things Dan Brown and this was a great read
 I understand the concept of "willing suspension of disbelief" but this book tests that concept like never before.  The story is convoluted, too long, and full of too many "what the hell is that abouts."  And especially, Robert Langdon in this book is the most aggravating wimp I've come across in fiction for quite some time.  Just once I wanted him to tell a certain character to kiss his butt, but he was far too meek for that.  Not to be outdone, the end of the book is profoundly disappointing and unsatisfying.  Overall, a mediocre read.  Three stars is a gift...should be 2.5.
 Great buy! Love his books!
 Overall, the action and suspense in the book is on par with the previous two books in the series. The main thing that kept me from really liking this book was that it was VERY heavy-handed...especially at the end. Brown does not leave the reader with any other way to view the events that happened in the book with his long diatribe at the end of the book.
 Having read several of his books and not enjoying the Lost Symbol (or Last), this was a great rebound for Mr Brown. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 Great book. Very exciting . Wonderful Masonic references. What a story!
 good
 Always a Robert Langdon fan. This book was no exception to his other works in the series. Great read.
 Love all of Dan Brown's books!  This was not exception!  Great read!
 I read Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons before reading this one.  Both times, I was so enthralled by the stories that I wanted to pick up the books and read at stop lights!  Every spare second I had, I wanted my face in the books!  When I saw that the Lost Symbol was released, I couldn't wait to read it.  I wanted to see if Dan Brown could captivate me again!<br/><br/>The history, humanity, tragedy, beauty, good vs. evil, twists and turns kept those pages turning!  I tore through the book with voracity and could not rest until I reached the end!  What an exciting, thrilling, enlightening, entertaining, and enjoyable book it was!  Brown forces the reader into somewhat of a quagmire:  tear through the book like I did, satisfying the curiosity that he continually evokes, or slowly savor the story and ponder the many details, delaying the persistent urge to know what happens next!  My only complaint is that it ended!  He did it again!
 Very predictable.  Fun but not surprising.  Angels and Demons was by far his best in my opinion, although I haven't read Inferno yet.
 Of course this book is brilliant. As is all of Mr. Brown's work of course. However I had not realized when buying this book that I already owned the version with the pictures included.
 Enjoyable
 This is a very fast read.  The author really pulls you in.  Even though Dan Brown's books are very similar, I really enjoy them.  They are fast pased thrillers.
 Really thought this one of Dan Browns best books. Although it can take a long time to get into the story line, the end of the book is magical and quite impressive with references that made my mouth drop. Overall, great read!
 Just as amazing as dan browns other book.  Such a good read.
 Hold on!!!
 After the long wait and much hype, I was very disappointed with Dan Brown. If you are looking for the excitement that kept you from putting down Da Vinci Code, or Angels and Demons, you may be as let down as I was. Yeah there was some good parts that kept me interested, but a little over half way through it turned boring and predicable. He ran on and on, but I stayed with it thinking something was going to happen but it never did. It is as if he was trying to fill pages. Truly not worth the time.
 there are no words to describe this "masterpiece", one of the best books written by Dan Brown, I read it three times, and it was great every single time, waiting for the next one...
 My oh My, I could hardly put it down - fun, fun, fun and extremely interesting too! Mystifying, educational, kept me on the edge of my seat from cover to cover.<br/>I enjoyed this book to the fullest. Another great book from Dan Brown!
 Hard to put down but, still not the best of Dan Brown.  Exciting book with some twists and turns. Boring ending.
 My husband and I both read "The Lost Symbol" pretty much simultaneously.<br/>What we both loved particularly about "The DaVinci Code" and "The Lost Symbol" were its incentive and desire to think beyond 'the box' and look deeply.  One novel focusing primarily in Italy, and 'The Lost Symbol', set in Washington, D.C....our forefathers and the history which proceded them.<br/><br/>Near the end, the novel tends to be wordy, but one needs to set it down, pick it up again, with no interuptions etc. from the 'outside' world.  This introspective time becomes the catalyst for how we leave the book and move on in our personal direction.<br/><br/>The plot for this substantial novel takes place in less than 24 hours, in short chapters, that go from one character and scene to the other.  Seeking the symbol, the word, which would ultimately grant power or enlightenment, or create chaos and upheaval....<br/><br/>Extraordinarily, one can follow easily.<br/><br/>The most astounding research prompts the reader to examine individual background, particularly religious...which in turn, leads to what lies ahead for the future.<br/><br/>How much of our paths are controlled, can be altered, or mysteriously join forces to change???<br/>Still the biggest mystery of a lifetime...and what can we change of our lifetime????
 This is an amazingly suspenseful book.  I'm still reading it.  True Dan Brown suspense, you get the impression even Robert Langdon doesn't have a clue this time.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books, I would say this is probably tied for my 2nd favorite.  My favorite is Angels &amp; Demons, T-2nd is Deception Point.  In addition to being entertained, when reading his books, I feel like I'm learning something.  The Lost Symbol continues in that tradition.  I always find myself Google-ing things from the book to learn more.<br/><br/>Though many of his books have had some religious components, the component in The Lost Symbol is truely unique!  If you're a fan of Dan Brown's, you must add this to your collection!  If you've yet been introduced, this is a must read as well, but I would start in the order of their chronology: Angels &amp; Demons, The Davinci Code, and then The Lost Symbol!<br/><br/>Happy reading!!!
 Dan Brown can write a good book.  He has proven this thrice now.  After two weak early efforts, he came back with a vengeance with Angels and Demons.  The Da Vinci Code followed and caught the public's imagination.  I thought the Code was a lesser book than Angels, but both were very good reads.  Symbol again shows a lesser effort.  Brown has found his audience, and they should be pleased with his latest work.  It has the imagery and faux historical provenance that made Da Vinci Code so readable.  Accept this as mind candy and you will enjoy the read.
 Not as good as the other 3 when it was all over!...too convoluted at the end, though the beginning was electric...still love Robert Langdon though! He is a stud!
 The book was great. It was interesting and fun to read. Extremely hard to put down and was easy to follow along even with all of the esoteric themes. The only downside to the story was the ending. It was a little long winded and seemed to drag. I do recommend this book to anyone it is a great story.
 Intriguing and thought provoking. Got a bit philosophical at the end. Makes you want to visit DC and visit the city and museums. Ending was a little disappointing.
 Really nice thriller about Freemasonry and how it relates to our Nation's capital. Granted some fiction was weaved in, but still a good book to read!
 book is ok but dan brown uses the same formula as all other books and his story lines have become almost a formula that we can all predict. The formula being 1) there is a conspiracy that will destroy the world 2) he always meets up with some female that turns out to be good-looking, creating sexual tension between them  3) after all the twists and turns of the "chase" they end up saving the world from an Apocalypse and Langdon is the hero...
 I found the book tedious. The writing is pedestrian, and has no elegance or interest, so I endured it just to discover the plot. There is exactly one well-turned phrase in the book.<br/><br/>But the plot was tedious, too, because I knew two things would happen: first, the protagonists would escape every situation, no matter how dire; and two, the things we learned initially would change by the end. With those two factors, I had no reason to invest in the story, and found I was skipping the sections where Langdon got in trouble--there was just no reason to bother reading it.<br/><br/>The descriptions of places in Washington, D.C., might be interesting if I lived there and knew of them. But to describe a place as typical, then later describe it as astounding, gets a bit old and makes me distrust the author. More skipped pages.<br/><br/>I bought the Kindle edition because of the hype. And that's all I got.
 The story itself is very good, the shipping was fast and i enjoyed the reading. I recommend this book if you are the kind of person who likes mystery and suspence.
 incredibly crappy book from good author.<br/>strongly recommended do not west your time on reading this book.<br/>I am very disappointed.
 Interesting characters, quick pace, and story has a twist!
 Not as good Angels and Demons, which I consider the best out of the Robert Langdon books. Fast read and enjoyable, though.
 Gets boring towards end. Lot of filler material in the end of book. Hence the average and boring rating given
 I like Dan Brown.
 Absolutely riveting. I couldn't stop reading.
 It took me many days of determined reading to get through this really dreadful book. I'm not sure why I spent money on this, it's not a mistake I will make on Dan Brown again. There was one aspect of the book that surprised me, but the rest I could have predicted completely. The thing that bugs me the most is that the publisher flooded the market with the book (a huge first run print) so that other books won't make #1 on the NYT Bestseller list. I would have given it zero stars but Amazon doesn't have that option.
 Absolutely loved this book. Not only was the usual Dan Brown action there, but there was plenty to think about, philosophically. I'm going to recommend it to my book club.
 It was good, just not one of my favorites by Dan.
 The book was not too bad during the first half but seemed to drag out a little at the end and get more "mystical" than I expected. The thesis that each person has enormous untapped potential and "man as god" was hammered pretty hard.
 Lovely pictures and an interesting story. I found the historical information interesting, the mystery part was not (obviously) as good as Angels and Demons or The Da Vinci Code. Nice book though! Good seller, it arrived promptly!
 Fantastic. So very well written and wicked smart. Fantastic. So very well written and wicked smart. Fantastic. So very well written and wicked smart.
 Another Dan Brown page turner!
 Intriguing story line about the history of Wash, DC. A bit verbose at times.
 Lots of twists and turns. You don't know who to trust as the story gets deeper and deeper. This is a great story with a great ending.
 In his usual style, Dan Brown has produced a marvelous work.  Even though it is categorized as fiction, there is such truth and well-researched information, it is difficult for the average reader to discern fact from fiction.  Kudos, Mr. Brown!  I look forward to the next novel.  I highly recommend this novel, whether hardback, paperback, or Kindle.
 "Suddenly" 92 times, three to a page.  Exclamations abound.  Adverbs amok.  Superlatives askew.  Skipped 10 - 20 - 30 pages at a time.  No hope for another.
 Didn't live up to Angels and Demons. While reading, you get the impression the author is trying to make the United States seem cool/interesting. The one bonus is that this version of the book has illustrations of the points of interest being mentioned throughout story. For those interested, it gives you an easy guide for visiting those same areas in person.
 If you liked his books before, you will enjoy this one as well. Can't wait for the next!
 After the thrill of his previous books, he'll be hard pressed to provide the excitement again, but I love the way he changes direction and keeps you guessing, page after page! Also, his vocabulary is a challenge - I keep my dictionary handy as I read!
 Love the book, it did not disappoint and I love being able to read it from my devices. I will get all my books like this in the future.
 A wonderfully executed tale and another opportunity to think of the evolution of man and faith.  Brilliantly researched and presented!!!
 I really enjoyed this book.  It made me want to find another Dan Brown story to read
 I have always liked Dan Brown as a writer. I feel like he engsgfes the reader as well as any author does. The Lost Symbol is no different. Having been to DC a few times and having visited the Masonic Temple, Brown does a fantastic job of painting the picture in the minds of his readers.
 This is an okay novel. It is a "bestseller", not a work of literature. Read it on a rainy day for the story (which unfortunately has all the weaknesses highlighted in other reviews), but read with low expectations. Like watching a made-for-TV movie. I would guess that the movie will solve a lot of the weaknesses, maybe even improving the ending so it is not so obvious.<br/><br/>Borrow from the library or wait for paperback if you want more value.
 We talked about Dan Brown and this series and look forward to more.  Come on Dan, give us more suspense.
 Excellent book!  I liked the information about the symbols and the Masons.
 I've read every Dan Brown book and eagerly snapped this one up on day one. Sorry, have to say, what a disappointment. It has none of the punch, excitement and cliff hanging story that his other books have had. I can honestly say you never have to worry about when to put the book down for a break. There's an opportunity at every page. Reads like a metaphysical schoolbook filled with confusing jargon and unless you are a real devotee of the Masons and their mystical history you'll be lost.
 I like the story but the book arrived with a ripped cover.
 The third book in this trilogy is amazing. Robert Langdon is once again a character that we all wish we could have a mind like. The story line is one that keeps you thinking. Because it takes place in Our nations capitol its even better.. As we can use our imagination and where he is going, looking at , etc. Because its home.  GOOD READ
 I like to keep all the Dan Brown book and I had misplaced this one so I ordered it as replacement.<br/>Very interesting.
 Dan Brown has brought all of his skills to writing this action paced thriller.
 Did not want to put the book down.  A must read.
 Could not put this book down until I finished.  Great plot, fast read and you don't want it to end!
 Great
 I only read the Lost Symbol because I liked DaVinci Code.  It was as if Brown knew he could not top D.C. but he wanted to keep writing.  Lost Symbol has none of the flavor of D.C. It was as if Brown had paid a ghostwriter.  I was very disappointed to say the least.  I will not be reading his next book even if the movie, Lost Symbol, turns out to be as good as D.C.  A movie only asks me to invest 90 or so minutes.  The book took too many hours from my life that I can't get back.
 Most of my books always made me fall asleep but this one is keeping me awake. I think I may have developed insomnia (in a good way) because of this book.
 If nothing else this tome has inspired me to explore, consume and enlighten this extraordinary being I call me.  Words can be a powerful experience to open the mind and soul.  This book has done just that!  Bravo, Dan Brown for eloquently showing a "different perspective ".
 A mind changing book you should read.<br/>Every puzzle put in to place.<br/>A word that surrounds a secret full of hope.<br/>Envision with love and faith.
 I love reading Dan Brown books cause I know I will be throughly entertained. This book started out great a real page turner. I was very enthralled with all the freemason and Shriner information since I  my grandfather was a freemason and Shriner. But the ending just left me wanting more after all the excitement of most of the book. I gave it three stars because of the ending. But would definately recommend especially for Dan Brown fans!
 This book makes one want to keep reading. It takes you for a ride you won't soon forget. Well written and researched.
 I was excited to get my hands on this book, having read Dan Brown's previous best sellers. Disappointed that the book did not live upto my expectations. The plot is the same as in The Davinci Code and some of the characters felt like lifted from the book and put in a different location even if you leave out Mr Langdon. It is a timepass when you dont have anything to do but not a compelling reading. It becomes a bit boring if the plots are repeated particularly after a massive success with a similar storyline not long ago.
 I love Dan Brown, and the beginning and middle were thrilling. The end was a let down, but perhaps that was... on purpose.
 An exciting yet very informative novel I recommend highly
 This has enough interesting details and fast moving plot to keep me interested and looking for fee time to get back to reading this book!  It's hard to get work done when I am in the middle of a chapter and don't want to put the bok down.
 Though it's no literary masterpiece, The Lost Symbol is certainly a page-turner that will pull you right through all 600+ pages. I read it soon after returning from a visit to Washington, D.C. and enjoyed scenes set in places where I had just been.
 Great book!  I enjoyed this book just as much as Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code.  The Lost Symbol sucks in the reader and keeps them captivated until the book is finished.  Brown weaves a fantastic tale of secrets and symbols revolving around the Free Masons and Washington D.C. Without summarizing the book, as I'm sure others have done, I will say that if you enjoyed Brown's other books and/or enjoy a good thriller read that is fast paced, this is a good book to read.
 As always it is fast paced and intense excitement. Find the historical and mystery genre intriguing. Characters are pretty darned believable due to faults and shortcomings.
 I haven't read a Dan Brown book that I didn't enjoy and this one was no different! Fast paced, great characters, exciting read! Can't wait for his next book!
 Excellent!  Dan Brown's "Robert Langdon" stories always force me to look up the background information.  I've learned about various "organizations" while enjoying a page-turning story.<br/><br/>Good stuff!
 Was he just under pressure to get a book out? This is not nearly as good as any of his other books. I think Dan Brown is a wonderful story teller, so I was bummed. I didn't even make it to the end.
 Excellent book good writing
 Love Landon's stories
 This book is very intense and lives up to his others. The characters portrayed in this book are right on pace for the suspense to unfold as in his other books. I believe Dan Brown is one of the best authors I've red. He alone is responsible for my enjoying reading again. I look forward to his release of the next volume on the Series, which I understand is already in the works.
 I read the Robert Langdon series out of order, but I still liked them all.  This one is different in that it takes place entirely in DC.  Just like the others, the Lost Symbol is a very fast read, and when you think you've figured something out, there's a twist.
 Dan Brown always leaves me wanting more. His characters come to life and cause the reader to have very real feeling s for them.<br/>The historic, symbolic and geographical details are mind boggling! The twists and turns of the plot keep the reader engaged and tense.<br/>I highly recommend this book. The intense, intelligent writing and high-level vocabulary seduces a wide variety of readers.
 Dan Brown's books are interesting and compelling.  I have read all his books and poems.  Always look to see if he has a new book out.
 Excellent read. Well researched.
 This was another hard to put  down book. Enjoyed every part of it. I've been enjoying Langdoms books as much as I enjoy Cusslers books.
 You have got to love Dan Brown.  This was not my favorite of his, but non-the-less was an excellent read.  He knows how to keep you on your toes with plot twists.
 Dan Brown doesn't do second best.  This like his previous and current novels is easy to read, rivets your attention and doesn't let you down.  A must read.
 Two stars is the *most* this 'novel' deserves.<br/><br/>It is nothing more that a sellout to the 'church'; an apology for lifting up her skirts and showing her clay feet in his two previous Langdon novels ('Da Vinci Code' and 'Angles and Demons'), even though they were works of fiction.<br/><br/>The most interesting thing done is using 'magic squares' to randomize information (neat and worthy of Langdon's deciphering skills). Major dis-like of his trying to claim psudo-science as hard-science, but I would give him that if it was actually pertinent to the plot (not really in this case) since science isn't really his strong point (Digital Fortress, Deception Point, and Angles and Demons showed that in spades, but it was ok since it progressed the plot in those stories).<br/><br/>Lots of running around with detailed descriptions of the landscape... but just fillers to add to the page count (in my opinion, but then I'm writing this review so this entire thing is my option :).<br/><br/>As with most works of fiction, the recovery times for the characters is sooo unrealistic. I've personally lost a lot of blood (6 units from internal bleeding) and even with transfusions, it was days before I could walk (and barely at that); but it is FICTION and they are the HEROES, so some latitude is granted.<br/><br/>The identity (and motives) of the villain was exceedingly transparent and the 'reveal' was yet another yawn.<br/><br/>The ending was yet another letdown... very preachy (as others have noted); in essence saying that religions (the 'church') actually have it right and their 'holy' scriptures/books do contain mystical hidden knowledge. To that I say, if you want to 'spin it' and 'interpret it' enough, 'Winnie the Pooh' has just as much spiritual hidden knowledge (you just have to look really hard for it).<br/><br/>So, wait for the sale rack before purchasing this book; not worth full price.
 Great read. Reading it for the second time.
 I won't repeat what many have pointed out - how idiotic the plot is and how poor the writing is. I am still not even sure what the big secret was supposed to be - a hidden Bible? However, even though most of us understand that this is a work of fiction I am afraid that some ill-informed people are going to believe the utter crap about energy fields and faith healing and forgo proven therapies believing that there is "noetic science" evidence for such garbage. It makes no real difference to human beings if someone believes that Jesus had offspring but if someone believes that prayer or a faith healer can cure his or her offspring of a serious bacterial infection easily treated by antibiotics that is something else. I wish I had spent the time reading science-based medicine and suggest that anyone gullible enough to believe anything in this book do the same.
 definitely the worst of Dan Brown<br/>not interesting<br/>very similar to previous books<br/>in the end, the author has tried too hard to present his own philosophy<br/>disappointing end.<br/><br/>it is a book probably written to ride the 'wave'<br/><br/>SG
 Sucked, very anti Christian.
 A fine addition to the Dan Brown series. I finished this book in a cold winter weekend when staying inside was the best option.  Much easier to visualize if you have been to Washington DC. Overall, a good fiction read.
 Have read all of Dan Brown's books.  He does a mega amount of research.  Hope this one is made into a movie.  It was a great book -- good plot with lot's of mystery.
 Please if you like History and combination between facts and fantasy this book should be in your collection.<br/>Will keep you attention until the very end.
 This book held my interest from the first page to the last. It's another Dan Brown masterpiece, filled with twists and turns you don't see coming.
 Just like all the "Langdon" books by Dan Brown. You're led through a journey of discovery that is both exciting and historically relevant with just enough embellishment to leave you needing more. Gotta love Mr. Brown's writing style; simple yet efficient and exciting.<br/>Its a must read.
 what I expected and why I like Dan Brown novels. I did not find this to be the furious page turner of the Angels and Demons nor as controversial as the DaVinci Code. So I wondered what I was expecting. After thinking about it, I realized that the DVC and Angels and Demons were poking at perceived bullies and flawed institutions. The idea of hidden wisdom and knowledge being suppressed was in and of itself exciting and provocative. In the Lost Symbol, Dan Brown has changed the playing field. The evil is more remote and detached from our everyday experience and the tone is more pro-institutional (the institution being the Masons). All the normal hooks are there that send you to wikipedia to see if that is really true. However, his message was somewhat obscured. But still insightful and interesting. The last 25 pages of the book were to me this most insightful. I sense Mr. Brown believes we are in monumental, troubled times. His message is one that we need wisdom, not just knowledge. Knowledge, depending upon the mindset behind its use, can either create or destroy. I sense this is his plea to take the time to assess where we are (knowledge hidden from many who accept "conventional wisdoms and media sources) learn from history and change our course. Many who are looking for the riveting thriller may be disappointed. As for me, I think I'll go out and look at the stars tonight and ponder how I can be a part of change.
 It would have made a betterr book if he had spared us from his misinformed theology concerning the<br/><br/>It would have been a better book if he had sparedd us from his misinformed theology concerning the "Word"<br/><br/>'<br/> "
 This was an OK book. If you've liked other Dan Brown books, you'll probably like this one.
 Washington,DC is the location and the freemason's the mystery, interestingly he tells us a lot about both . The story is drawn out over a one day time, and it takes about 15 hours to read the book. The way the story is written is to much like the pass two, the same kind of characters, chase sequences , antagonist, a little plot twist at the end .There is a  long pro church speech at the end . It seams that brown is trying to get the churches approval for This one . The tour of Washington,DC was well researched, but other wise the book was a disappointment.
 This novel is paced well and has its exciting parts but I think the story is a little weak and lacking.  Plus, it trails off into absolute drivel.  I may skip his next book if he bothers to write another.
 This was like reading a text book on symbolism--one that I enjoyed and learned from, but it was still a lecture and a text book.  Great research on the part of the author and I have yet to check all his references.
 Dan Brown's novels give me so much information about art, science, history, politics and human consciousness, that when I complete them, I am in awe! I wish I had an idedic memory and could store it in my brain like his character Robert Langdon.
 I haven't read it yet, but I'm sure if it is anything like the previous series, I will more than like it.
 I love all of his books, this is a great one, the one before it was great, and the one after it is great.  I highly recommend all of his books.
 The story line was very engaging and enjoyable.  Also, the factual information made this book even more worth reading.
 I enjoyed  this book by Dan Brown. I  think it is one of his better works.  If what he says is true then  we have a lot to look forward  to.
 Another good treasure hunt by Dan Brown.  Surprised this hasn't come out as a feature film yet.  My local theater could use it.<br/><br/>Makes me want to visit Washington D.C. and go on some kind of Robert Langdon tour.
 Love the book!! Hope a movie will follow. Dan Brown does it again. What should I read next? Any ideas?!
 This was a gift to a family member who is an avid reader of this author, so I can't comment.
 Very good read. Brown has a great ability to weave an interesting story and keep the reader involved. Lots of twists to the plot and well written.
 Excellent writing, good plot, great character development. Easy to follow complex action. Super story.
 A low start, as is usual with Hoorwood, but building the intensity. He needs to trust in his ability to take the reader to a different time and place.
 Great story, it's riveting to follow Robert and his new adventure.<br/><br/>Loved all the characters, they bring so much to the story, learned a great deal about Masons, noetic science, and the bible.<br/>Some of the detail descriptions of historical references can get a bit hard to understand but an open mind will allow for your mind to explore new views on ancient writings and schools of thought.
 Yet another great read by Dan Brown.
 IT is so slow and long.
 Dan brown has a way to teach subtleties of erudition in his writings... This book is consistent with that thought... On the other hand, I prefer The Da Vinci Code, and Angels And Demons...
 History is meant to teach. We can learn a lot by reading. Thanks to authors like Dan Brown some important lessons of history will remain generations.
 What can I say?  I love Dan Brown's writing.  This is the second time for this book, others I've read even more.  There's so much substance in his discourse - love it.
 I found it rather convoluted and I'm really tired of the Masonic "thing."
 It might not be fair that I gave this only 3 stars.  But, I thought I was ordering a hard cover edition and was disappointed that it was paperback.  I didn't return it because I was so anxious to read the book.  I would just warn others to be more aware than I was.
 bought it for my brother. he loves it. he liked his copy so much he asked me to get him one to give to a friend.
 Action, history lessons there are all in the book to enjoy.
 Another "can't put it down"  I won't give away the plot but well written and good character development.
 After I'm done reading one of Robert Langdon's books, I always feel that the latest read is the best one yet.  I've enjoyed them all and love how he places the reader alongside him participating in the search for the truth as he merges actual history with fiction to create his story, touching those very subjects in such a way that he produces an emotional arousal of feelings in the reader; thoughts and beliefs that have been so instrumental in our our own continuous search for that which is greater than ourselves.<br/><br/>I took the "Lost Symbol" everywhere with me.  Just coundn't put it down.  "The best yet!"
 Dan Brown's books are always phonomenal.  I stay awake at night past my bedtime because I can't put his books down.  Can't wait for the next one.
 Fast paced page turner!  This book brings you on a tour of our Capitol that you wish you could take. The symbology in this book really makes you think.
 I am a huge fan of Dan Brown as well as have read all of the Robert Langdon Series so I may be biased as well as a native to Washington D.C.  I loved the book and found it great along with the rest of the series especially since it was set here in the States.  The architecture and adventure as always was great and was very intriguing.
 one of my favorite dan brown books lOVED
 Long book, using the exact same narrative...full of cliches and repetitive in context. Not a big fan of Dan Brown but I think he can do better than this...not read unless you really had nothing better to do
 The best of Dan Brown's books; most informative about the Masons, and held my interest throughout.
 Excellent read with interesting insight on religion
 This book was really bad. I was glad that I bought it for my Kindle rather than shelling out the cover price of $30.00. This book is so poorly written that it's actually painful to read. I couldn't muster up a lick of concern for any of the characters. Dan Brown is much more interested in telling a story and throwing in bits of arcane knowledge than actually writing a good book with compelling characters.  Brown's characters are flat. We have no past with them and little reason to care about them. The plot is completely  implausible so it doesn't take much to guess where the story's going.  The villain is little more than a cartoon character. I was reading aloud to my husband during a car trip and he thought I was embellishing the character for comedic purposes. Unfortunately I was not. And just when one thinks the story is going to end, it doesn't. And doesn't. And still doesn't. And when the symbol is was revealed at long last, all I could think was,  "Seriously, Dan Brown? You have got to be kidding!" because I'd already guessed the answer, but had excluded it because it was trite.<br/><br/>Angels and Demon's was pretty good. The DaVinci code was okay.  The Lost Symbol is bad. It's trite, flat, predictable and not very inventive. If you've got to read it then borrow it from someone; don't actually buy it. If you must buy it, then buy it used, in horrible condition. The story is barely worth the cost to ship it.  I hope he doesn't write another one.
 Great product.
 Great writing!  I loved it.  I didn't think he could top THE DA VINCI CODE, but he has.  Unfortunately, it seems that many people are missing the point.  This is fiction layered onto fact!  And what a wonderful job Dan Brown has done.  The architecture of Washington, D. C., the art work, the basic premises of the Masons . . . have all been so well researched that everything he has created here is plausible--even though it's FICTION.  Readers need to remember this.  As he did with THE DA VINCI CODE, he tells us at the beginning what is fact, expecting us to know that out of fact he has created fiction.<br/><br/>From the first page to the last I loved it.  Even after the climax and resolution of what might be perceived as the main plot, I was still in thrall, right down to the last word. I am already anticipating his next novel.
 A really well researched novel with a spine thrilling storyline.
 I like it...
 Dan Brown, Robert Langdon...The book explored a topic I was fascinated with. I love how Brown can write some chapters that are 20 pages and some that are 1 page
 love dan
 I can see why they didn't make a movie out of this one. Boring long read. Got to where I didn't even care about the boring ending.  Boring
 This book is awesome and keeps you guessing the whole time Dan Brown has a way of keeping you intrigued throughout the whole book and also using interesting ways of solving the puzzles.
 The book was very detailed and explained alot about masonry symbols.  The ending was surprising with a little twist here and there and I was left with a sense of wanting more or wanting the story to continue.  It was a little long but the author gave you alot to think about.  I will be continuing to do research on the many masonic words and symbols as described in the book to gain a better understanding on the mysterious legends and facts surrounding the masonry as it fits in the Washington area.
 I don't think this is as good as his other books, but that could be because I don't understand the whole Freemason thing. Loved all the information about DC
 I was really looking forward to this book.  The long delay due to all of the research Dan Brown was doing for the book raised my expectations.  I feel cheated.  Granted his last two books Angels and Demons and the Da Vinci Code are hard to follow behind, but I really expected more.  About 2/3 through the book, I wanted to just throw in the towel, but I kept reading hoping that it would get better. It doesn't get better.  Save your money.  If you must read it go to the library.  No more Dan Brown for me, I'm going back to Steve Berry and James Rollins.
 Great deal, ordered on my Kindle. Love! Would definitely recommend this author and any of his books. Quite intriguing. Thanks!
 You come to expect so much from Dan Brown and once again he doesn't disappoint. The Lost Symbol keeps up the pace with twists, turns and gratuitous action.
 Another great book by Dan Brown
 Dan Brown is an amazing writer. I can put his book down only by a force of will.
 My favorite of the Robert Langdon series. I haven't read Inferno yet, but I will soon~~
 The book is so suspenseful and keeps you on the edge of your seat. It is enlightening and brings a new perspective to the masons, DC, and science. This was a great read and I would suggest this as a read to anyone w h o loves a great story.
 Forgot I already read it before I got my kindle, but as usual it was extremely exciting and informative.
 This book is certainly a page turner, but the whole book rests on premises that are even flimsier than "The Da Vinci Code", despite Dan Brown's usual preface that everything in the book is true. New Age conjectures and the Masons are glorified to the point that one has to ask if Dan Brown doesn't have some personal stake in any of it for giving them such stellar treatment. I found the style of story telling of this book often irritating. Much of the book is based on the character getting some sort of awesome revelation... but we'll have to read a few chapters to know what it is. That may  work once or twice, but when it's used as a main narrative tool, it becomes tiresome. I was very glad that Brown, in this book, mercifully spared us the contrived romances of "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons". The final revelation of the Masonic treasure was a let down for me, much worse than that of "The Da Vinci Code". I found the twist about the villan of the story to be much more satisfying.
 I love Dan Brown - and this book is all about the symbols in DC.  Learning about the symbols on the monuments makes you rethink history.
 More of the same.
 This book was a great read. The story was intense and exciting to read. The symbolism and encoding of structures, engravings, paintings, and religious writings were very thought provoking.  Whether the symbolism is fact or not the book gives you a sense of hope that mankind can live in unity and achieve great things
 Great book couldnt put it down but then again all of Dan Browns books are like that.  Glad I purchased the book.
 Not the best in the series (quite predictable if you've read them thus far) but suspenseful and entertaining nonetheless. Quite a lot of facts thrown at you which were repeated often throughout the book which felt like over explanation.
 I could not put this thing down.  Thrilling from start to finish.  Best book of the 3 in the Robert Langdon series, completely blows DaVinci code out of the water.
 The story keeps the reader engaged and nothing is ever exactly as it seems on the surface.
 A good solid Dan Brown novel.  But I liked Angels and Demons and The Di Vinci Code better.  It was interesting to read about Washington DC.
 Dan Brown's usual thrilling adventure.  It keeps you wondering what else can happen to him. I really enjoy his books.<br/>Dick B.
 I really enjoyed this book and felt that it was really well written with a great story
 While this isn't the worst book I have ever read, it ranks right down there. The errors in the beginning of the book spoiled the beginning, and complete implausibility of the rest of it made the book a struggle to read through. Never read Dan Brown before, and am not likely to ever again. I could write better than this on my worst day. If you must try to read it, get a library copy or borrow a friend's. It's certainly not worth paying money for.
 Fantastic!! Just like all of Brown's books... I couldn't quit reading.
 What can I say?  I absolutely loved it.  More about the Masons, more Robert Langdon, more Washington DC and more love interest.  YEA!
 Great story.  Held my attention.  Easy to read, hard to put down. Recommend it for someone who likes to think and not just read words.
 I like the technical information he includes within the plot.  Whether or not it is entirely accurate is not the important thing...but holds my attention because it is so believeable.  The down side is that he runs on and on and on in places that make the story drag without having any thing important to add.  Having read The DaVinci Code, Angels and Demons, and the Lost Symbol  I am looking forward to Inferno.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-REBSQYKV6WGVX"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1egeZi2yES.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81NufNAx41S.png"/> There are a lot of opinions about Dan Brown's writing... and I'm sure he is laughing all the way to the bank.  But, the question remains, Is this a book you would enjoy?  And, even more importantly, would it make a good gift for someone on your list?<br/><br/>I'll answer both of those questions, without giving away the plot, in this short video review.  Please join me!  -- Frank Derfler, author of "A Glint in Time"
 Way too long, way to religious, a bit more convoluted than necessary. The story line was interesting but it was written as if the author was paid by the word,
 I read quite few thrillers and detective novels, including all of Dan Brown's. The Lost Symbol, his latest, is a disappointment on many levels. As I was plowing through the book, I kept thinking "who cares what happens here?" The premise that Masonic secrets could destroy the US government is so preposterous (when you find out what the secret is), that you end of hoping this secret is revealed. Then there is the writing. Brown spends a good portion of the book lecturing us on ancient truths, explaining these in pedantic deal. Too many times there are references to Robert Langdon conducting his class, explaining what the Masonic symbols mean. We are reminded about obelisks over and over, ad nauseum. And pyramids. And all this in a condescending tone.<br/><br/>Don't waste your money on this one. Wait for the movie: it can only be better.
 Thank you so much
 Really got caught up in this one!  Started reading and finished in a day and a half!  Well written - one of his best.
 This book dares to face the meaning of God in our lives and the amazing power of the human mind.<br/>The plot was also intruiging
 After reading the Da Vinci Code I was really looking forward to hours of intrigue after having made this purchase. Unfortunately, whilst tediously working my way through (I will confess to have skipped a lot) some far too lengthy descriptions I found myself focussing on the authors unusual grammatical style rather than on the potentially good story.<br/><br/>In particular, the use of italics which could have been replaced with a higher level of writing skill and the many new paragraphs. Are these space fillers? Do readers feel that if they buy a thicker book that this justifies the investment? Whilst I don't have the answers, I feel a good story was spoiled by unnecessary padding.<br/><br/>Entertaining yes. There are better options out there however. Let's hope the writers next novel will be of a higher quality with perhaps some more disciplined editting and not merely be a free ride on the momentum of a previous success.
 I forgot that I had read it years ago and bought the book.  It is one of the few books that I could enjoy reading again.  Definitely a page turner.
 Good book, but not as good as "The Da Vinci Code".  It is entirely different than the Da Vinci Code.
 Dan Brown can't write worth beans, but he tells great stories.
 Interesting topic and characters that makes you want to keep reading till the end of the book. Hard to put book down
 I love Dan Brown's books and recommend them highly.  They are fast paced and keep you involved.  I particularly liked this one as it taught me so much about the symbols in Washington.  He is an excellent writer.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It seemed real and I learned a lot about Washington, DC.  It was an exercise in fantastic imagination but good reading.
 Thank you Dan Brown for a book that balances both fiction and reality with amusement and interest. I commend you sir.
 Not as good as Angels &amp; Demons (my fave of his books).  Not as good as Da Vinci code.  It is full of interesting facts and connections across science, philosphy, art and religion of which I was not aware.  I was reading quickly and turning those pages swiftly at the beginning but the find a clue, figure it out, run and hide from the baddies, rinse then repeat sequence got old after a while.  The weakest part of the book for me was the "international crisis" once it was revealed.  I think I'll reread Angels &amp; Demons.  P.S.  Readers of a previous Dan Brown novel must check our Rosslyn Chapel if in/near Edinburgh, Scotland.  Very worth it in its own right but with added interest and notoriety due to the book, which I won't name.
 Very well written and very informative. The changes from chapter to chapter keep you on edge. I have now read 2 of Dan Brown's novels and I am going to find out the chronological order written so I can follow as closely as possible. Excellent, Excellent, Excellent
 Excellent. I like the Dan Brown series - very interesting story lines. The Lost Symbol is a very readable book.
 Dan Brown's books always broaden the way you interpret things real or not.  I liked the intricate plot and the detailed explanations of the symbolism.
 Another good thriller, always thought provoking.
 Enjoyed the trip through he US version of Da Vinci Code.. I was a little tired of the repeated info every other chapter ad i hit chapters 100++..
 More of the same, not bad, but not mindblowing either.<br/>It's kind of sad that at the beginning I guessed where it would end and I was right.
 Easy reading like the others.  Not exciting like A&amp;D  or VC.  You will have so many confusion..I'm telling you...like how she get cell phone signal in POD 5....and receiveng text &amp; calls.  How you can get out of POD 5..which is most secured area by some vent and chase a car...not even finished...you go back in there again..and burn the whole thing...its really really funny.<br/><br/>Anyway..feels like written in hurry...to make some money...
 great book, love the author, and it was in great condition from the seller
 Love this book and the previous two I read of Dan Brown's.  Love how the symbolism is explained/analyzed.  Something I would never do on my own.<br/>Can't wait to start the next.
 Just adore his books, so addicting. This book did get little drafty at the end but it's so nice to learn with real life facts in a story. This is what I treasure in his books.
 This is the first Dan Brown novel I haven't loved. The history is interesting, but the story is tedious, unbelievable, unpalatable. Holy BS. Too many dead trees for not enough satisfaction.
 I just really like Dan Brown and have been looking for more of his writings. The book is in as good of condition as they described and delivery was on time.
 Great read. I couldn't put it down. Glad I was reading it while on vacation. I used to live in DC and loved the thinking about what I did not know about the city.
 This book gives the reader a great deal to ponder.  While I do not share Browns theology, I think that there is a great deal to learn from it.<br/>The story is fast moving and hard to put down.  I can't wait to begin the next book.
 I enjoy the intrigue of Dan Brown's books. So, I liked this one as well. It didn't take me long to devour it as I did his other books.
 Very suspenseful!
 I enjoyed learning about American history through out the thrill and suspense of the story.
 Started a little slow but gained momentum to a premature climax followed by a final 50 pages of confusing filling in of unrelated finishing details.
 My husband and I enjoy Dan Brown's books and purchase and read them regularly when they come out. We read this one together, and we were very disappointed. The plot was much less believable than those in his other books, we found the "twists" to be predictable, and the writing just wasn't as good as usual. The end of the book dragged on and on, and we were so relieved when it was finally over. We will still read his future books, but this one has already been deleted from my Kindle, never to be downloaded and read again.
 I was sent the wrong book. The seller sent me a copy of King Kong.<br/><br/>Was the seller drunk when he was packing the book or did he make someone else pack the shipment, or was he playing a game of touch don't see the book, I have no idea.<br/><br/>I wouldn't ever recommend this seller. The only reason I never returned the book was because I didn't want to pay return shipping. The only way I will take this review off is if the seller sends me the correct book "The Lost Symbol" by Dan Brown for free.<br/><br/>I don't think that's asking too much especially since I really wanted to read that book when it was still sort of new. and not old. But now, it's just not worth my time to re-buy it.
 It's the Dan Brown formula but very tired and feeble.  This time the secret it the Masons and the location is Washington DC.  The writing has deteriorated (from a low base), the characters are uninteresting and the plot is full of holes.<br/><br/>You have been warned.
 Fascinating to read about the symbology of our nation's capital and how wise our Founding Fathers were. It's a good story, well researched.
 Its a page turner ...not as good as Davinci code but nevertheless good. A little bit long to come to the point
 Dan Brown does a lot of research and puts out spellbinding books.I was totally blown away by the ending. I didn't see that coming. Loved it.
 Another exciting book from Dan Brown.  This book is set in Washington , D.C.  From the very start this book will grip you and hold your interest from beginning to end.
 I read this book on a long flight and it was a page turner. Don't buy this book expecting it to the pinnacle of literature because it's not. It served its purpose as an entertaining read, the plot formulaic but not boring, although I wish the characters were more fleshed out.
 Like all of Dan Brown's books.
 Da Vinci Code was very good. Angels &amp; Demons stretched credulity even more, but still ok. Downhill from there on!
 another great by Dan Brown.
 I liked the book. I like Dan Brown's style of writing.
 Just what you would expect from a Dan Brown novel - very engaging!
 Loved the storyline. I am an avid history buff and the story was integrated seamlessly in with the history of our forefathers.
 a great book to get Mandelson and learn more about reasons and the mysteries they speak of the magical aspect of power of mind.
 Dan Brown is an amazing author.
 Enjoyed the books ability to get me thinking and assessing my own beliefs and spirituality.  It causes a lot of circumspection.
 Another great Dan Brown novel.
 ....and buy something you know you'll enjoy. Reading this book as about as exciting as reading a math book. Impossibly cobbled together characters and thin relationships. Dan Brown even got the CIA involved in doing and investigation (inside the USA which is against their mandaate as most people know) and shooting locks off of mysterious doors in the basement of the Capitol building. (I was reminded of the guy in the DiVinci Code who jumped out of a heliocopter with a sheet of canvas as a parachute) A completly improbable story line. When I get  minute I'm going to dump it off my K-2 and go back to someone like R. A. Salvatore who I know is writing fantasy and from whom I can get a readable book with solidly developed characters.
 Dan Brown has a way to grab you from the beginning &amp;  hold you. This book was very thought-provoking and has opened my mind to looking at things in a different way.<br/><br/>I recommend The Lost Symbol to anyone who wants a good read.
 This is a well crafted book and a tireless work of art. I hope it's never made into a movie.
 Hey I love the book ! I thought it was a page turner ! It had some real facts that was nice to know and to look up . A lot of people griped about that but all the csi and others shows you are seeing on tv are based on a real story ! A Lot of books are being written by a  real life story ,just change in names,  towns etc !where Brown does not do .  I did not know there was a Jefferson bible till I read his book ! I did not know a lot of the places in DC he wrote about was there ! Which I plan on visting and I think it would be great to be able to see it and know some of this . The masons I knew about but I looked up some of his science I did not know about  and It was real interesting  and I order a few of there books .I like where they are comming form . I believe that its true you can focus your mind (like praying ) and it can happen ! I traveled in Mexico and met some Indians there and they teach it in there schools . I saw them use there mind to rise a foot off the ground . The also could tell you who was comming around the block as we stood because as they explained to me they can use there mind to see a block are more away . I know ,it blew my mind . But I saw it with my own two eyes and since then I have been getting into a lot of meditations and yoga . It has open my eyes more to different ways of thinking .<br/>Did not mean to get of into all of this . But I loved his books . He is a very good modern writer ! Thanks Dan Brown for writing this story !
 Great twist at the end
 If you like Dan brown you will like this book, if you don't like DB than this will not convert you, it is weaker than Angels and par with Davinci code. It gets the job done but it isn't memorable.
 great book!
 I think Dan Brown has worked this theme to the very limit. He needs to look elsewhere to find inspiration. From Da Vinci onwards it has been all downhill. Count me out for any future offerings in this vein.<br/>Geoffrey Lloyd Gilbert
 I have read all of Brown's books. This is best. It was like riding a rollercoaster.Who was dead, who was alive.I read this book in one sitting.
 Dan Brown is an incredible writer.
 I read the first 2 books of the series and I was completely captivated by them and I thought the other books wouldn't be able to live up to them I was wrong. Read this you will not be sorry
 Good base story. I wonder how much, if any, is based on fact.  Interesting and worth the read if your a fan of the author.
 The 3rd of the trilogy and I liked it more then the second book. I love the science vs religion and mixing of the two...though admitedly I am not religious in the sense of the word. It is a refreshing and respectfulness that this character and I relate that makes him so endearing to me. The authors description of historical places and explanations and meaning makes you fall into a spell of enchantment. It was a very interesting and cool look into freemasonary rituals. It had my mind spinning until the very end. I cannot wait to read more of his work.
 I will never read another dan brown.<br/>I agree with all the one star reviews, very repetitive, does not flow , just extended the end needlessly.<br/>Lots of unbelievable parts, how langdon is cheated into coming to DC, how Katherine is tricked into allowing him to the lab and visiting at home.<br/>How Langdon dies and he is not really dead, and still after Zach dies there are still 50 pages to a very boring and nonsense end !!
 This is a lesson of a city built to last by the finding fathers, but forgotten by the modern world of today. Learn of Capital building that had a fire burning in the middle of the of it, and is still there. Learn the way the Library of Congress get the information to and from Congress, but most of all is, what is at the top of the Washington Monument and what is on it.
 Enjoyed this Robert Langdon thriller.  I actually did not see the twist at the end.  Pleasant read for the summer!
 I judge a book from a fairly simple criterion - do I want to read it to the exclusion of anything else or can I put it aside and maybe abandon it for ever?<br/>I have read all Dan Brown's books and thoroughly enjoyed them.They fit the above criterion!<br/>In the same way I have read all of Wilbur Smith's books and resent any other duties that come my way.<br/>In my eyes he is a great author.
 Overcomplicated, hardly realistic - reminds me of the very weak Dan's "Digital Fortress". Definitively the weakest of the Langdon series.<br/>However - it is still Dan Brown, so the story is swift, there are lots of delightful details related to Masonry and Washington - hence 3 stars.
 I am a Dan Brown fan but I had a hard time finishing this book.  It was interesting in the beginning but the end faltered and didn't keep my attention.
 Prefer his other books, but this is a pretty good read.  Surprisingly predictable.
 After brilliant books this one was a disaster. Boring, extremely lengthy and could not hold interest of the reader at all
 I was somewhat disappointed. It was action packed, but I felt it wasn't as good as The DaVinci Code. I would have liked to learn more about the symbols and how they interacted with the plot.
 This was a fantastic adventure.  Intriguing.  Educational. It made me hold my breath as I turned the pages.  Surprise ending.  Great entertainment!
 I like the lost symbol because it is easy to read, instead of watching a film I read this book an it's quiet as easy as watching. I red also the pervious Langdon books Dan Brown wrote and so I felt directly familiar with. I could not understand way so many reviews her criticize the authors writing abilities because everybody who buy or bought the lost symbol could easily know which sort of book it is. Some people seem to be annoyed about the fact that this book describes sciences which are in reality not really scientific but this was also predictable in order to this author. For an immigrant like I am it's a convenient way to read in English no dictionary is necessary like buy my other English reading projects (Marcel Proust: the search for the lost time and the Gilgamesh epic). The inductive approach Robert Langdon uses to solve the ancient puzzles is really congenial. The lost symbol posses all what I expect from  a mystery/SIFI thriller (suspense, action, drama, murder and ancient riddles).
 Took be a few chapters to get i nto this book, but once I did it was very much a fun book to read.  His research is very much indepth and fun.  Good read
 Travelouge of Washington DC and propoganda for the Free Masons
 You really cant go wrong with Dan Brown. This was another beautifully researched and written book from him. A must read.
 good book
 After reading Da Vinci Code I was hooked.  Angels &amp; Demons was almost just as good and I'd say this installment is on par with Angels &amp; Demons.  Good read...love the characters.
 Very like previous brown novels.
 I found this book fascinating.  Had to keep reminding myself it was a novel, I.e. Fiction.  The author's research seems to give the book a non fiction feel. From about halfway through I struggled to put the book down.  The end might disappoint some, but I found it thought provoking. Worth the read especially for Dan Brown afficiandos
 As a practicing Mason, I found this book to be very intriging.  It held my attention from the beginning to the end.<br/>I did not expect the ending as presented.  Very clever.  Much enjoyed.
 In his usual style, Dan Brown delivers a suspenseful, exciting story. Everyone who enjoys suspense should like this book. Great read!
 Not near as good as the first two Robert Langdon novels. I absolutely love Angels &amp; Demons, so I had high hopes for this book and was super excited to read it, but sadly disappointed. Not terrible, but not great.
 I read a few reviews before reading this book and noticed a pattern.  If you've read Dan Brown's other books, you didn't like this one.  Lucky for me this is the first Dan Brown book I've read and I LOVED IT!  It kept me on the edge of my seat and I didn't want to put the book down.  I finished it within three days. And because of all of the other reviews I've read, I know now that when I read The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Deamons that I won't be disappointed.
 Great product!!... Great seller!!...
 The premise seemed far-fetched and not as realistic as I expected from Brown's other novels, all of which I read and enjoyed more than this one.  The plot twists and suspense seemed forced at times and not enjoyable.  Still, he is a good story-teller and researches his material well.  Some of the characters are amusingly described, if not attractive people. On balance, it was worthwhile buying and reading, even if it's not on par with his other work.
 I love Dan Brown's writing so I was really looking forward to this book. It kept me guessing. Not my favorite but still a good read.
 I really enjoyed this read ultimately. It took a bit longer to get into compared to the other Dan Brown books, but a great book overall.
 Enjoyed. Lots of story lines over 12 or so hour period. Thank u dan brown. Enjoyed the read very much.
 Dan Brown is a master of mystery, anchored in historical realities that are based in the social consciousness.
 Fast moving and action packed<br/> Loved it
 It was like a bad B movie where your yelling at the screen as its so clear who's going to die. I read 3 books around it as I got so frustrated with it. Loved Angels &amp; Demons and Da Vincy code. Disappointed with this one. Oh well.
 A typical Dan Brown novel.
 Love Dan Brown and his Robert Langdon novels.  This one is no exception.  Great plot, great detail, easy to visualize the scenes and the twists and turns that make Dan such a belled author!
 AGAIN, IT'S DAN BROWN...LOVE HIS WORK. THIS ONE WAS REALLY TWISTED. KEPT YOU GUESSING ALL THE WAY THROUGH. PAUL MICHAEL IS MY FAVORITE NARRATOR. I ALWAYS HESITATE BUYING IF HE IS NOT NARRATING.
 found the constant descriptions of historic locations too drawn out and it became quite painful. in the end i just skipped over them<br/>aside from that, dan brown didnt let us down. it was till a good yarn.
 I heave enjoyed this book enough to read it more than once.
 I expected more and was disappointed. The "mystery" was dull. The characters were boring. The villain was very uninteresting and I could see the big "twist" from a mile away. Just nowhere near as strong as Da Vinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons. Hopefully his latest is better, but I need a bit of time before I can give it a try.
 Great insight into symbolism and it's place in historical writings both secular and spiritual. I highly recommend to Masonic brothers.
 Couldn't put it down but I loved the ending where all was explained. I thought it was a great addition to the other 2 in the series.  I like that you didn't have to read the other books to understand the plot or the character even though references were made throughout the book to the other, it didn't matter to the plot.
 This was one of my favorite books.  I love the background it provided into the secret society of the Masons.
 Why some people think it is their duty to lie about other faiths than there own (if they have one) I don't understand.  But it is done to gain money and that he has done.  I pray for him.
 Read after getting hooked on Langdon's work.  This novel did not disappoint and I highly recommend it if you like Langdon's other books.
 Nonstop action. Great story
 I liked the setting of the story in Washington D.C,. The story had some twist and turns in the plot. Another hit by Dan Brown.
 I was recommended this book by a friend. He would always talk about how great it was and how I had to read it, but I never exactly understood what it was about and the Title was not very convincing. However, I went on Amazon, received my book just as promised, and once I began reading the first page I was not abe to set the book down. Dan Brown is one of the Best Authors ever, and this book will keep you on your toes every minute!! You will finish the book and want to read it again...
 I really enjoyed this story a lot. Dan Brown has a great writing style, and I enjoy all of the stories written.
 This novel is a typical Dan Brown reading full of twists, turns and suspense.<br/>I will buy and read anything he writes.
 The story development was right on the mark. I read for enjoyment and this book was great. I have read all of his books so far.
 Dan Brown is the best fiction writer alive.  Every one of his books are awesome and they're a great way for someone to fall in love with reading.
 I was really looking forward to Dan Brown's latest offering and wasn't disappointed until the last 10 or so pages.  I felt that the book climaxed and then attempted to reveal itself while still remaining secretive.  Are the world's religions saying that we literally can become gods, or simply to not underestimate mans potential for greatness?  Read it as you will.
 Awesome!
 great book for a great price
 Good weekend reading, very enjoyable.  It was as if I took a trip to Washington, D. C.  Seeing and finding out about history at the same time as a case is being solved.  The decision making strategies used by the characters required continual thought analysis, some even to the point of reflection, WHY?  But then the author brought the results to a THAT'S WHY conclusion, throughout the book.  When is the movie being released?
 What an imagination ! What great socio- and geo-political research !
 Engaging from start to finish
 I always enjoy Dan's books excellent writer. Not sure what you want me to say I read it, enjoyed it, and would read anything he writes.
 Enjoyed every minute. The end justified a lot of the 'junk' in it. Glad I read it.
 From the first page to the last, Mr. Brown held my attention as he had in all of the books he's written that I've read.
 As always Dan Brown has managed to work fact with fiction in an exciting story of intrigue. Thoroughly enjoyed this .
 I am a fan of the Da Vinci code and Angels and Demons. This book tries to follow the same "solve the puzzle" formula.<br/>Overall the book is a good read, it moves well and there are twists and turns. However, although most of the book hints at a dramatic conclusion  similar  to the Da Vinci Code, I found the conclusion to be not very dramatic. Overall I  still enjoyed reading the book but  would not put it in the same class as the Da Vinci Code.
 If your a Freemason you will love this book but if your not you'll want to find out how to........just knock on their door.
 Surprising and entertaining throughout its entirety, this book does well in upkeeping the legacy of its predecessors. Add to that the fascination and enormity of the suggestions that Noetic science makes, and you've got yourself some new things to think about.
 Another book to challenge deeply held beliefs that may not be serving any more.
 A good as the first one !
 I like his books -- they make you think.
 I am reading the Robert Langdon series in order. So this has been my favorite. I really enjoyed the story line, details and suspense. I just finished it last night and am looking forward to the finale (Inferno).
 Excellent, Knowledgable writer
 After re-reading this book when it was first published, I found the details much more interesting.
 Dan Brown's story was a great addition to our collection of audio books.  I recommend this one if you like thrillers.
 Lost Symbol is an exceptional, exciting read... and educational as well.
 it is well written and easy read.<br/>Makes  me want to go to all those places in Washington, especially the library of Congress.
 Love all the Dan Brown's novels and cant wait for this to come out on the big screen.
 Many twists and turns leaving you to turn page after page to see what happens next.  I recommend it to all,
 I did not love it the way I did Angels and Demons or Da Vinci Code, it seemed forced.  It was ok and Dan Brown is a great author but this wasn't one of my favories.
 A very engaging read as in his previous offerings. I enjoyed it very much but find that Mr. Brown did not veer very far from his successful formula.  I am not by any means a literary critic as I still enjoyed the suspense.  If you enjoyed his earlier woks then by all means indulge yourself. No regrets.
 Enjoyed
 May be  one of the brutalist books by Dan Brown, but kept you captivated all through the story
 A lot of expectations from Dan Brown.  But, the last few chapters were written with a view<br/>to somehow find an end.  Too much of conversation even when 'heavens are falling'.  Whatever<br/>Robert Langdon did not know, Katherine knew and this way this story was not getting stuck.<br/>A disappointment.
 Not too typical brown and quality but it's okay for quickly I thought this bench with they weak and had not recommended to highly
 Another great one from Dan Brown; I can't put it down!
 Set in Washington DC with Robert Langdon chasing down Free Masons.
 I loved this book! It kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time! Didn't want to put it down
 kept me reading late at night. I lost some sleep but worth it. similar style to other books with good guys and villian
 There have been very few books that I have read that engaged me as did the Da Vinci Code. My expectations for this book were very high. The reality was not up to my expectations. I did not find this book to be the page turner that I had hoped for. While Masonic lore is interesting and I am sure that Brown did his research, it did not result in a very good story. The pace was uneven and as has previously been said the arc is very similar to the Da Vinci Code just different names and locations. Langdon's character had very little depth and looking back on the read I think he brought very little to the story and less to the resolution. The end was simply flat, no great revelation, and I was left wondering why I had spent the time reading the previous pages to get there.
 All of Dan Brown's books are very good.
 Excellent. I could not stop reading.
 Another good book by Dan Brown . A nice perspective, a timely book for the times we are living in...
 This is such a good book. It also needs to be made into a movie. Dan Brown is a fascinating storyteller and I can't wait to start reading Inferno.
 Lots of info on Masonic rites and Washington........HOWEVER, major yawn because we had this plot already in The DaVinci code and Angels and Demons...slight hint of Digital Fortress too.<br/><br/>If this is the first Dan Brown one reads, then a great read.  BUT if one has read his other books than one would have expected more.  That being said, I am looking forward to his next book which hopefully will be better.
 This is certainly one of his least interesting works. Many of the trite plot techniques he has used before. Quite predictable.
 Really nothing new to add to the torrent of negative reviews - except that its even worse than "1 star" can indicate.  Simply awful.  Unreadable and hard to believe that the same author who wrote so many enjoyable novels could produce this mess.  I'm absolutely astonished.  I rarely but a book down and it was a battle to get even half way through.  AVOID AVOID AVOID
 Like many of us, I waited a long time for this new work by Mr. Brown.  I have often had expectations that the author could not live up to, when I waited so long.  That was not the case with this newest book.  It was every bit as engaging as any of the others and in my view, only Angels and Demons was as good and perhaps better.  I could not put it down.<br/><br/>I will be ready for his next effort, whenever it comes.
 Interesting plot and mystery - I wasn't that interested in all the Masonic details
 I think Dan Brown gets kinda slow in parts and laborious.
 I like the creativity in his plots and the way he makes them plausible..<br/>The end became a little didactic and was boring.
 A great read and commentary on world events. An eye opener that is perplexed by current events and the struggle for power.
 Liked it but didn't love it....I figured out some of the ending way too early in the book and while there were some good twists and turns, the book was almost all a chase scene....
 After reading the first two books I thought it was impossible that Brown would come up with another original story. I was utterly mistaken. There isn't a single page that bored me at all. Good job!
 What could be said? I appreciate the efforts of Mr Brown writting this book and giving his followers something to chew. The book is not good. The story is not good, the twist are not good. I have the impression that Mr Brown wanted to finish with the curse of Da Vinci Code and take off the pressure from publishers and public alike. I am still pretty sure we will have the opportunity to read again a great novel from Mr Brown, once this frenza is apssed and he has time.
 Favorite author. Excellent read. Great copy. Must read
 Coming  from a Masonic Family I was very interested to read this book. Aside from having to stop and look up some of the words I will say I enjoyed it. I would recommend it.to others.
 If I had known the book would be in this condition I certainly would not have bought it from this retailer.  Front cover folded and curled, pages curled and stained.  Sold as "Used, Very Good" would hate to see what state "Good"  or "Bad"  were in - will definitely not buy from this retailer again
 Not as good as other books I series, but good
 With all of Dan Brown's other novels, I was willing to suspend disbelief because of the careful background research.  The reasons he gave for the motivations of his characters and the tangle of mystery just weren't believable this time. This read more like a CSI crime drama than an adventure.  I kept hoping for some neat revelation or ending, but it was disappointing.  The secrets revealed aren't secret at all.
 The descriptions of DC are interesting, but the plot is not very interesting.  The hero of the story and all of the good guys are so easily tricked by the bad guy, it is just incredibly hard to believe they would be so dumb and made it hard to read the story.
 Good read last pages boring
 This was a very good book.  I loved it and read it very fast.  Could not put it down. Service and reading matter was just perfect.
 This was my favorite from the Da Vinci Code series.
 I could hardly put the book down. An intense and riveting story. If you like a high energy read this is the book.
 Not an easy read but if you like Dan Brown you will like this book. Not much too say  about this, sorry
 The only disadvantage to this book is that it was very hard to put down once I started. Gripping !
 This book is amazing!!! I wish I had read the first 3 books in the series (Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons , and Inferno.) Hopefully a movie will be made from this book as well.
 Just cannot get into the dark, gloomy, fear-mongering type of stories that Dan Brown writes.  Don't care to read him again.
 Well...we waited for this?  Really weak across the board.  Was he getting paid by the word, is that why every statement and concept gets repeated in subsequent chapters?  I enjoyed "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels &amp; Demons", but this gives fiction a bad name.
 Hey, it's Dan Brown. How could I not give it 5 stars. Great book by a great author. Would recommend to anyone. Lots of late nights ahead reading this one.
 Book was good, but found that it had way to many, lengthy details..  villain was a total shock.  Never saw it coming.
 I had previously read this novel and loved it. But like the other Illustrated Editions, I reread it again and with the illustratons it made it just that more enjoyable.
 I waited for this book to come out and was sadly let down. I read A&amp;D and DVC and couldn't wait for the next book...but it isn't the same caliber. In order, the books have certainly gone down in entertainment quality. I honestly can't remember much about this novel now (having read it some time ago now), whereas I can normally replay books in my head for years.<br/>It did seem to forced.<br/>I think there was much potential for a thrilling novel here, but it was lost.  After all, the audience was primed for the Masons after DVC and the Illuminati.<br/>Robert Langdon is a likeable character, not the normal hero with guns and explosives, but of intellect and wit. Glad to see a revival in "Inferno."
 Its Dan Brown What more can I say. Couldn't put it down as usual.
 Excellent book with a compelling tale. Gripping and fast paced till the end. Also well researched and informative like a typical Dan Brown work. The ending/climax was too elongated and with a little spiritual overdose..!
 Fun and exciting read from one book to the next. Was sad to finish the series. Wish I could read more
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books, and this series with Robert Langdon is just so enjoyable. Loved this book.
 This was a gift for my husband.  He enjoyed the book and the subject matter. It was what he expected.
 good read
 Not as good as Angels &amp; Demons, but on par with DaVinci Code.
 Very good book, keeps me going and keeps me on the edge of my seat while reading. All in all great book
 According to my husband, Brown's books are losing their appeal.
 Enjoyable read.  Good learning, storyline and characters.  Dan brown always pulls the reader deep into his world of mystery and intrigue.
 Typical Dan Brown book. I preferred the first two books.
 I'm not sure how people can not like this book. Total page turner, fast paced, several stories going at once... OK, "yes" there is definitely a pattern to his books and "no" it's not the "big reveal" of the DaVinci Code, but how many times can you make that reveal... ONCE. I enjoyed The Lost Symbol and finished it in a little under 3 days.<br/><br/>I'd like to see Dan Brown's next book be on Scientology, but I know "they" would never let that happen.
 As a DC resident, I enjoyed the many references to the local landmarks as well as the historical references.  Good story!
 It was interesting but I am not a big fan of jumping back and forth with the characters from chapter to chapter.  Some of the dialog and descriptions were "over my head".
 A continuation of the saga with typical intrigue and detailed history lessons, travelogue and surprises.  Dan Brown is unsurpassed with the word pictures ---- and DETAILS.  If you want a light, jump- in- anywhere story, forget it.  You truly can't put it down.  Be prepared to get nothing else accomplished til you've finished it!
 Some parts of the book really drag on and on.  It seemed like he was just filling space. Try another one of his books.
 Great story.  Moves you through the Washington D.C.s best features.  Brought back childhood memories of growing up in this wonderful city.  Full of excitement and History.
 This book kept you on the edge of your seat until the very end.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys Dan Brown novels.
 Always love Dan Brown's books.  He always provides a good adventure to escape into and take me out of my world.
 Not as entertaining as other Dan Brown's books.
 Great suspense. I wonder if this stuff is true or if this guy just ties things together well.I loved the life lessons and the outlook of God couldn't have said it better myself
 I loved ninety - five percent of this book.  but the end was a little strange it is one of his best mystery
 I was REALLY looking forward to this book. I pre-ordered it for my Kindle and was SO excited when I got up in the morning and it was waitiing for me. Excited, that is, until I started reading it. About half way through the book I remember thinking "Okay! Okay! I get it the Masons helped found this country and yes they're a super secret organinzation...is that all you have?"<br/><br/>I never felt any of the real suspense that I felt in Brown's other books. The story didn't pull me in like some of his other books. Overall I was PROFOUNDLY disappointed with this book.<br/><br/>D
 Suspenseful and exciting with Dan Brown's cultural and historical facts thrown in as usual.  This one was especially interesting to me because I have visited many of the Washington D. C.  places included in the book.
 Pager turner until about 80%. Loved the plot, suspense. After a shocker (which I loved) the story took a nose dive. Re-hashing all the conversations about Ancient Mysteries that took place earlier in the book. Very preachy about this theme at the end and I had really had enough. Felt like running a long, boring marathon to get to the end with no real worth to show for it. The story could have ended shortly after the twist...Worth borrowing, don't feel obligated to finish the story...there's nothing really worth the wait at the end. Much ado about nothing.
 What can I say that the book critics have not already said about this latest novel by Dan Brown? It is a truly spectacular read. For Masons, and particularly Scottish Rite Masons, this book will touch upon your experiences in the fraternity and make you truly proud of who you are and your choice to enter Freemasonry.<br/>For many of you who do not know much about the Freemasons and what the organization is all about, this novel will clarify many misinterpretations that are floating around out there. Eye-opening for those unaccustomed to the fraternity; reaffirming for those within it.<br/>Even outside the interest of Masonry, this novel is a great read: fast-paced and full of surprises.<br/>Pick it up; you won't be disappointed.
 I get so engrossed in the plot that twists your mind and tests your ideals;  at the same time you are learning history and getting teased with the arts.  Its invigurating for your brain but fun.  I truly enjoy his books.  I learn alot while being entertained.
 His books become too predictable.
 Thrilling, did not like the ending but that's personal.
 Not as great a read as his previous books,  dragged occasionally. I'm not sure I ever finished it.
 Like his other two hits, Dan Brown fills this novel with numerous codes that must be broken.  Also like his other hits, this book is a page turner, especially the first half.  But the second half of the book becomes somewhat tedious.  The convenient interpretation of codes and low odds survival of main characters become less believable as the story unwinds.  It's fun to read, but it's not nearly as exciting as his DaVinci Code or Angels and Demons.
 I was living in Washington D.C. when I read this book.  Amazing how accurate his descriptions are.
 Dan Brown does not fail to entertain.
 I really, really loved this audio book!
 This book was an utter waste of time!  The CIA? Come on -- if we're supposed to believe there was a threat to national security, then we're all supposed to be stupid, and it would have been the FBI in any event. Zachary? Just not believable.  And if Solomon could recover that quickly to get to, ascend to the top of and then walk down the spiral staircase from the top of the Washington monument, then he was a totally unbelievable character. Not to mention that the shower of shards only got to Ma'lakh?  The editing was poor but could have been forgiven if this book had any claim at all to my "willing suspension of disbelief," but by the end of it I was thoroughly disgusted.  Thank you, Kindle for letting me only waste $9.99 rather than the full list price!
 This is the first Dan Brown novel I have read, but am not unfamiliar with his work. Being a Master Mason myself, I was very familiar with many of the signs and allusions referred to in the book. The book sparked for me a re-newed interest in my brotherhood and its history.<br/><br/>I am also a practicing Christian and try to live my life spiritually, as opposed to religiously. The intermingling of these concepts within the story of The Lost Symbol was invigorating, refreshing and exciting.<br/><br/>As a Kindle reader, I sometimes become a bit frustrated by not knowing where I am within the story as compared to the end. It's a pages vs. percentage read thing. The Lost Symbol caused me to forget that. I only put the story down when I could no longer remain awake at the end of the day. If you enjoy a fast paced, historically-based story, The Lost Symbol will not likely disappoint you.
 It was okay.  Thought it was a bit long.
 book was ok, too much detail on things we don't know, unlike Davinci code where we already have a good idea of DaVinci, the Last Supper, the Holy Grail, etc<br/>Some of the plot twists you can see from at least 3 miles away<br/>But, Brown still has talent, so the end result is fine
 This was a very good book.  I purchased this one as a gift, as it was<br/>such a good price.
 love it
 Great page turner. Felt sad to leave the characters when the book ended. Highly recommend this book to adventure seekers
 Its a complicated book. Its definitely not a holiday read.<br/><br/>There are many loop holes many stuff defy logic.<br/><br/>You realise half way through the real identity of the villain then its not so  much a interesting read anymore.
 This book is pretty interesting. It is enjoyable and an easy read. There isn't much depth to the characters or to the plot, but it's exciting and good for long trips.
 Good book. About what I expected. Entertaining fiction.
 I think this is Dan Brown's best book yet. It reads very quickly ... in fact the more you read, the faster it gets!
 I couldn't put it down. I am now intrigued to go research more on the subject.<br/>It is a must read.
 enjoyed to book
 Dan Brown writes a great book...I was riveted and it was hard to put down.  Now I have to buy more of these great Robert Langdon stories!
 The Lost Symbol was simply a pretty boring book. It was predictable, and too many unbelievable things. It was a chore to get through and I am wondering if the Robert Langdon series has run out of steam. The first 2 books were entertaining and I almost didn't want the stories to end. In contrast, I couldn't wait for this one to end.
 This was a gift for a family member.  He was pleased to receive it, since he is a Dan Brown fan.  Maybe someday I can borrow it.
 Love Dan Brown books makes me want to travel. I am always on the edge of my seat. I also very much enjoy the art history.
 Classic Dan Brown mixing theology and science. A bit heavy-handed at times, although I never felt spoon-fed. Multiple plot-twists and intentional misleadings. Altogether, a very entertaining read.
 Garbage.
 One of Dan Brown really great books. I loved the action and it was really hard to put down. A great sequel to Da Vinci Code and Demons and Angels.
 Have not listened to yet, but the other 2 are enjoyable
 As always, an excellent read with a twist I didn't see coming.
 Awesome series. I don't know how he does it. I would recommend the entire series in order. Start with Angels and Demons
 Loved this book. A real page turner.  Mr. Brown not only writes an amazing story but gives lots of facts and history in this novel as he does with all the others I've read of his.  Would recommend for sure.
 Dan Brown always makes you think about the world beyond what we see. Thanks for the exciting read and the thoughts.
 Deflated is all I can say.  Two thirds into this story and then the plot ends and we are swept into some kind of religon qwest.<br/>I expected better.  Atlantis Legacy by T. Greanias is better and faster read.<br/>I felt left behind and should have stop reading after .... You will know when get there.  Some will like so  I will not reveal all.
 Excellent and thrilling!
 I enjoyed it
 Study of the Ancient Mysteries and the mind! Could not put it down. Hope all big thinkers will give it a chance.
 I couldn't put this book down and found the ending very enlightening and educational.  I would recommend this book to everyone.
 The main story was great! It was captivating and suspensful, thrilling and exciting, everything we love about Dan Brown! My only reason for the low stars was the plot ended with about 10% of the book left and I was not happy with that subject matter. It was all about God and for me that was rather boring. I would recommend this book to Dan Brown/Robert Langdon fans though!
 I thought the book was well researched and put together. I hardly skipped any of the pages. Go for it.
 I did not enjoy The Lost Symbol as much as I have enjoyed his other books. His best book is De Vinci Code
 Typical Dan Brown. If you like previous books you will definately enjoy this one as well.
 A little flat at times compared to his other books but great ending. I would recommend it for sure before a trip to DC
 This is the third Dan Brown book I have read. Each book is a page turner from the first word to the last "hope."
 I enjoy Dan Brown's style of writing, the intense pace he keeps with his story telling makes me feel I am running along Langdon. Fun book, being a Mason made the story that more interesting.
 Fast moving.  Did not care for ending
 Enlightening a must read I see ties to the tenth insight by James Redfield common thinking has great power....the force
 as always Dan Brown hit another home run-i wish for the movie now-if you are a Mason you will really get into the read
 A fun thriller, but having read other Dan Brown books it feels like I've already read this one as well.  His writing style is very formulaic and predictable.  Other than that it is an enjoyable escape from reality.
 the series is well cast and the storyline stays coherent.  The complexity of the narrative compels the attention of anyone watching.  For a series it is well thought and sequenced.
 I always enjoy reading Dan Brown's books - his style of writing shows a deep perception of the subject matter and knowledge of the minute details. Very enjoyable.
 Great read from start to finish.  Dan Brown delivers again :)
 but have not finished yet. I have read almost half of it but so far it is really good.
 "The Lost Symbol" is not a follow-up to "The DaVinci Code"...it IS "The DaVinci Code". What a rip-off!!! Can an author plagerize himself?? The whole book is a thinly disguised regurgitation of the DaVinci book. The main character again has a woman tagging along, again finds a body part in a public place, again has a crazed zealot chazing him; again has an police figure looking for him...PUHLESE!! Could Dan Brown have been any more lazy??? Save your money and time.
 There's a week of my life I can't get back. The Lost Symbol was the most boring and repetitious book I have ever read; aside from Digital Fortress and Deception Pointe. He fills too many pages with the same unrealistic garble over and over. Without spoiling it for others; the motive was so unlikely and unintelligent, extremely disappointing; that I personally could not believe a writer of that magnitude has such little imagination. Sorry Dan, but the shoes of DaVinci Code are too big to fill. I'll pass on the movie; and do laundry instead.
 The only way to read this book is the illustrated version, not for the factual representation but the historic value.
 This book held me from the very beginning and I couldn't wait to get back to it.  On to his next book.
 Great story!
 Excellent! Could not put it down. Learned a lot about the Free Masons.
 The Lost Symbol has everything a Dan Brown fan has come to expect: breakneck action, intensely deep research, the good guys always win, etc, etc.  I really enjoyed the journey.
 Great book!
 ok
 I don't think that there can be much serious debate about whether or not this is a horrible book.  It is. But that does not necessarily mean that it's a total waste of time.  It may be that The Lost Symbol will be the means to prove, once and for all, if the premise behind the idea of Noetic science has any basis in fact at all.  If it does then the tens of thousands of people around the world who bought the book and are wishing that they had their money back will be getting a check in the mail any day now.
 Dan Brown does not disappoint
 I like this book.  It bounces around a bit and I have not finished it but so far it is pretty good.
 Usual stuff.
 Not as good as the other Langdon books. The story didn't flow as well! Way to much detail than needed. Still, I enjoyed it anyway.
 was a great read and at most times gave me a very good reason to continue reading without putting it down. lot of great suspense
 The plot is crazy, the characters very poorly drawn and not at all believable. (How could the saintly Peter Solomon have such a ghastly child?)  I could have tolerated all this had the book been any fun to read, but it just wasn't.  And did anyone else notice that the word "elegant" is used ad nauseum?  Did you use your kindergartner to edit this one, or just phone it in?  I wish I'd donated the money I spent on this book to a local food bank instead.
 Not the greatest but good.  He is a remarkable writer and drags you in before you know it.  Please more.
 As usual, Dan Brown gives us a good fast paced mystery.  As a Scottish Rite Mason, I found it all the more interesting, but it is not neccesary to be a Mason to enjoy the book.
 I enjoyed Dan Brown's presentation of suspense set in our nation's capital. Typical of his Robert Langdon books, lots of twists on meaning built on symbols all around us.
 Let's start this way:  Dan Brown's books make great movies. Why? Because the films don't have time for his "mystic-tristic-bulls--t," -- they can get down to the heart of his thrillers.<br/><br/>I've been dealing with esoterica, especially the religious kind for the last 40 years of my life, ever since I started my journey away from Catholicism.  Brown's books are generally convolutlated paths as he picks and chooses between established history and fact and the pseudo-history and commonly held falacies which guide people away from reality, to a degree that sometimes confuses people who understand which is which. (Warning:  If you read a book that promises to tell the truth about a mystery, count the exclamation points.  If there is more than one in the first 20 pages, put it down and never come back unless you're reading it for a giggle.)<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol falls into this category.  Brown has taken historic and "occult" information and twisted them into a mishmash to support his plot, even if there is no real sense in the ideas. This is a boring attempt at something that he succeeded at in The DaVinci Code (although the allegations in that book include things I truly wish were true).  Poor Robert Langdon must deal with the torture of a friend, all the while trying to stop something that he has little background to help himself, since he, himself, has no access to the hidden secrets that are contained in the Masonic dogma.  &amp;<br/>While Masons do, indeed, have secrets, as Langdon contends in his lecture, they are neither occult (in the commonly held definition) nor people who are trained to lead the world:  For every Washington or Franklin, there are thousands of members who treat the Order as a form of fraternity with secret handshakes and signs, dedicated to trying to make the world a better place.  The best of them are more responsible for the creation of projects like the Shriners' Childrens' Hospitals than in plotting world domination.  This dedication to making the world better is why Masons exist, and if some of the world's greatest leaders have been members of the group, it is because of this goal rather than a craving for some magical power to employ it attain their greatness.<br/><br/>Go rent the DaVinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons and you'll have a better time and won't waste the many hours it takes to read this thing.<br/><br/>Read it if there's nothing entertaining on TV or because you really have nothing else to do, but don't take it seriously.  On second thought, wait until the movie comes out -- at least then you can enjoy a shorter, more coherent version.
 The Lost Symbol is a very good thriller.  It is filled with suspense and intrigue.  I liked it very much.
 An exciting story. The item arrived in a timely manner and was in great condition. I would more than likely buy from this seller in the future.
 Dan Brown NEVER disappoints! I loved this book just as much as all his others.
 good
 This book at its heart promotes the basic principles of the Unity Church.  Makes me wonder if the author was raised with these as his "cornerstone".  Worth reading and pondering the underlying message.
 I found this book to be very interesting and thought provoking.. Fiction or not, is totally up to the reader..
 Its an okay story, but I wouldn't buy it to give as a guift.
 A lot of research went into this one.  This is the 1st book, fiction or non-fiction that has made me want to visit Washington D.C. To see more history of the United States.
 This book kept me going!  I read it over two days and had a hard time putting it down.  I highly recommend it
 The letdown I experienced at the end of The Da Vinci Code was bad enough; the anticlimax in The Lost Symbol was an embarrassment.  After hearing breathless warnings through most of the book of the potential destruction of civilization as we know it, of how the guardians must sacrifice their lives rather than let the Symbol fall into the wrong hands, we finally learn that the answer is trivial - even silly. Brown needs to learn that before you write the book you need to be certain that the story line tracks in a convincing and satisfying way, or you risk angering the reader for having been suckered into wasting their time with the book at all. I won't make this mistake with Brown again.
 While I loved the DaVinci Code, this sequel for me is too heavy on Freemasonry and too light on character development. Granted, we all know Robert Langdon, but I would have liked to see more explanation of relationship between the characters and more plot description - the storytelling is chopped up with too much repetition of the "legends" of the Masons.
 Sometime difficult to follow the plot and the endings are always invisible until the ending.
 This was a very good book.  Dan Brown is a fantastic writer and I just love his Langdon series.  Thanks
 GREAT GIFT
 Definitely in the Dan Brown tradition ... hard to put down. Engaging characters and situations.
 This was deep, deep, deep, and I loved every exciting twist, turn, and surprise. Fantastic! I'm now deep in aother of his books.
 This book is for my wife and it came really quick.  Plus, it was brand new and the price was very good.
 As advertised
 Let folks know that this is another great book from Dan Brown. This one is one of his best. Keeps you going from start to finish.
 Indulged myself and read again, still love it an now share with my grandson.,
 It was a gift and sent directly to my grandson. He says its good, and I agree.  Job well done.
 I have never read any of Dan Brown's works, but I did see both feature films "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels &amp; Demons" and absolutely loved them!!! "The Lost Symbol" is a spell binding, drama filled adventure, and it so exciting action packed, it was hard for me to put down the book to take breaks!!!! The book is fantastic, including pictures of certain things to help you get an understanding and feeling of what is actually going on!!! The book keeps you on your toes throughout, with suspenseful action and amazing events which will keep you glued to this book throughout its entirety!!! Hopefully Ron Howard and Tom Hanks will team up to bring this excellent piece of fictional literature to the big screen, but hopefully they will do it justice!!!!
 The book slows down in some parts.  The characters are well developed and interesting.  Overall a good read, but not his best.
 Great, entertaining reading!<br/>Try to complement your reading, or your purchasing decision by watching the NBC special, available on youtube.
 Big Dan Brown fan so this book was a must for me. It was by far my favorite book he has written. Enjoyed it very much.
 love this book!
 The Lost Symbol is a traditional Dan Brown.  I like the way the chapters are done and keeps me glued to the finish.
 2nd Dan Brown book - maybe it's because I already know his style, but I thought some variation from his formula would be warranted. I think the previous reviews have been pretty fair. The book just does the same format over and over again and goes into too many mini tirades that I just ended up skimming over in the end, because they didn't advance the story. It just wasn't fun to read in the end.
 Great read
 this book had me right from the beginning, but lost me a couple of times. The major premise of the book as far as a fear factor didnt seem real to me. However the writing and suprise turns taken by the author was very enjoyable for me. I will be looking for more from Mr. Brown.
 A book which you can hardly put down once you start.  All of the symbology and history is always so fascinating in his books.
 I liked it a lot. Why do I have to review this. I'm not interested in doing it. Thank you
 This was a tough book to put down. I live in the DC area so that added some to my interest.  I knew nothing about the Mason's, though my father was on in a small town in upstate NY.  I found the story line very interesting and found myself at the end asking myself how much of what i read was based on fact and what was total fantasy.
 This is a fun book.  I recommended it to all my friends who live in the Wash DC area and are familiar with all the monuments there.
 Great book!  I Loved reading every minute of it.  Fast delivery. I  Would buy from this seller again.  Best book
 First, let me say that I LOVED Angels and Demons, and The Da Vinci Code.  However, I was so disappointed in this book.  It started off at a very slow rate.  I mean really, how many times do you have to describe how crazy the antagonist is, I get it already! It did pick up about 25% of the way in, but slowed again at the ending.  The ending was disappointing and the neuro science explanations I skimmed over, it seemed (to me) that all of that could have been shortened as well.  Grade = C
 I couldn't put it down. I found the book to be exciting with an all  new set of symbols for Robert to interpret.
 conspiracy w. some fact..a cult reading must
 Dan Brown's style is repeating now but they are enjoyable.
 Very enjoyable, could not put the book down
 WOW<br/><br/>OF ALL YOUR BOOKS DAN, THIS ONE IS JUST MORE.<br/><br/>MY EYES ARE OPEN AND I AM SEEING.<br/><br/>THANK YOU
 If you like Dan Brown you will love this book.  Wish I hadn't read it so I could read it again.  Hard to but down.
 what can I say when I truly need to lose my self in a book I only have a few I go too this being one
 Dan Brown has done it again, very good book, the plot is realist, and the storyline is unpredictable.<br/><br/>thanks<br/><br/>ronwill
 All his books a good unable to put any of them down.
 I love the secrecy, rumored conspiratorial plots and pseudo science woven in that Brown plays with and can't wait for more from him. My advice to his pretentious detractors, by the way, non of whom have recognizable names in modern American fiction. If you haven't sold anything, much less finished that brilliant, heart stopping novel rotting away in a bottom drawer since high school. Cut the guy some slack and just enjoy Brown's work for what it is Popular fiction.
 Dan Brown has written much better stories than this one - but it was in the nice reading.
 Written like all of  Dan Brown's novels.  Suspenseful, fast moving and an interesting story line.  Not the best writing int he word but very visual and the reader continually thinks of the storyline as a movie
 I love any book that Tom Hanks plays the main character
 I like his stories.
 Gave this book as a gift - Arrived a little late for the date I was expecting, but still was able to gift it.
 I'm a Dan Brown fan.  Loved the book.
 Very good, like autho
 I thoroughly enjoyed The Lost Symbol. This book was reviewed rather harshly, I believe. It's not great literary fiction, but then you don't pick up Dan Brown expecting A.S. Byatt. It's a brisk and enjoyable read and makes me want to visit Washington D.C. again. Overall, I would say that this novel is not as good as The DaVinci Code but better than Angels and Demons. Pick this one up and enjoy!
 Not a Robert Langdon fan, but I enjoyed this book.
 The intriguing plot twists at every turn, keeping the reader spellbound! It's a little long winded at the end though.
 Pleased
 I agree with the other reviewers who panned this book.  It was a true page turner - I couldn't turn the pages fast enough so I could finish it.  The bible is not a collection of wisdom; it is a collection of writings assembled by a doctor of the Catholic Church attempting to (and apparently succeeding)to define and codify the Church.  He purposely left out many other competing doctrines that didn't support his own views of what was The Word.  The western word has suffered for centuries because of this Book.  Don't likewise suffer through this Dan Brown book. Skip it.
 This was a Christmas gift for my sister and she is very pleased.  Thank you very much for your prompt service.
 Recognizing it is tough to follow his two prior hits, but this fell flat. After ~300 pages, I was bored, but kept hoping for an exiting turn. @400 pages, hope was fading, but I thought, surely it will end well. @500 I found myself reading what seemed like an explanation of the "Lost Word" thinking: you have got to be kidding. Way too thin a connection. It would be unreasonable to ask Amazon to refund me my time spent on this, but really it was annoying.
 If you've read either The DaVinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons don't bother with The Lost Symbol. In fact, even if you haven't read either of Dan Brown's previous works don't bother with this book. Written as though he needed to pad out the book I found it to be predictable and rather boring.
 Another great read by Brown.  Can't wait for more!
 Great Read, loved it !!!
 Initially I found The Lost Symbol to be an enjoyable, fast paced novel.  I thought the subject was exciting.  However toward the last third of the book I found it tedious...so much religious justification that it became a tired lecture on the commonality and unification of all religions.  The discourse simply continued and continued...points driven in repeatedly until they became tired and repetitious.  I believe the last third of the novel could be removed and it would be much more enjoyable.  Frankly I am convinced that very few readers will seriously read the last third with any depth of understanding...they'll slide their eyes over those pages looking for the end of the novel.  I liked The Lost Symbol...glad I read it...but found it pedantic and boring a good measure of the time.
 A very boring read, in fact the only reason I read the entire book was I kept hoping it would get better.  I wasted several hours - it never did!  There is nothing about this book that is appealing.  It's preachy, unimaginable, over the top in stretching possible scenarios and Mr. Brown was missed the mark trying to make his good characters appealing and his bad characters loathful - he didn't succeed.  He makes Langdon an idiot in this and the government agencies involved conspirators with something to cover up that could end the world as we know it.  He should have stopped with the DaVinci Code when it comes to writing about symbols and picked a different topic to write about.<br/>Don't waste your money, (get it from the library or a used book store if you must read it because there will be many there), or your time unless you need a nap, it will put you to sleep.
 Dan Brown done it again... My hats off to the man that has done a outstanding job of reseach to create the Fictional book with so mant true facts in it. Abook you can't put down. Can't wait for Ron Howard to make the movie version... A great buy aqnd on Amazon a great price compared to bookstores, pick up a copy here. If you like DVD's on award winning movies check out this website  ...] Reg B.
 As a huge fan of both Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code, I eagerly awaited the next installment.  I have to say, after reading it, it was a bit of a disappointment. The story had a lot of the same plot twists and general themes already used in the previous works.  Langdon is brought into the drama on the way to a lecture, there's the cop that's unclear if they're good or bad, the beautiful female scientist who's family is in trouble, blahblahblah.  Really over all, I had trouble getting engrossed in the story.  At times it was flat out dull.  I found myself skipping ahead a few pages int he hopes that it might get good.<br/><br/>It wasn't the worst thing I have ever read.  But given the other 2 works in the series, it did not meet my expectations.  Perhaps if I had not read the other two and liked them so much, it would not be such a let down.  Still, overall, The Lost Symbol is, in my opinion, mediocre at best.
 I was a bit dissapointed with The Lost symbol and that is mainly because it was more predictable than Dan Browns previous books and the ending sucked. I was hoping it would blow me away like The Davinci Code or Digital Fortress, but I was sorely dissapointed. I am not saying its a terrible book, I just do not think it lived up to the hype. Read it if you like Dan Brown but not a must read.
 I just recently read and finished Dan Brown's other 2 books in this series, Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code. I enjoyed them both (though I have not yet seen the movies), so I figured I'd give this a try. The first time I went to read it, I lost interest within the first chapter, so I let it sit for a month or so. I'm very happy I picked it up again!! I enjoyed this one almost as much as The Da Vinci Code. It has a similar plot line to the others, it starts with a murder/kidnap and Robert Langdon is called in to figure it out. The Lost Symbol changed it up a little and I am very much looking forward to the movie! I defiantly recommend this book if you like mystery/thrillers.
 A quick read with out the twists that Infernal has.
 Dan Browns, Lost Symbol keep me reading until I was Finished.This book keep me on the edge of my seat the entire time. I strongly suggest that any time you can read a Dan Brown book, Read It ! You'll thank yourself !
 great read
 Gift
 It was a great reading that make me wondering about many things that I got them as true. Although quite ot predictable that the guys was his son.
 Ok follows formula
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book - love the Robert Langdon character.<br/>Can't wait to read more from Dan Brown.<br/>Sincerely,<br/>Gillpcpp@yahoo
 Very good, but lots of repetitive theology.
 Good read.
 Order feom them great condition
 Very disappointing!
 I don't read Dan Brown expecting great literature, I thought A&amp;D and the DaVinci Code were very worthy specimens of the thriller genre, but the fatal flaw of The Lost Symbol is that it's as light on thrills as it is on substance.  It's amazing that this meager plot is all Brown could cook up in the 6 years he's had to write this. Perhaps his shtick is just spent after 3 books, but his insertion of esoteric bits of historic trivia into the thriller framework of the book has never felt more clumsy or weighed the story down as much.  A good portion of the book you feel like you're reading paraphrased Wikipedia articles.  This is one of the many reasons the book never quite picks up the page-turning momentum of Brown's earlier novels, and the momentum it does pick up ends up going nowhere. The cryptographic puzzles are simply not very clever or interesting this time around, the climactic bits of action come too soon, and the remainder of the book flounders while the reader wonders if something more is supposed to happen. It doesn't. The whole plot here is implausible, lightweight and phoned-in, with only a couple of effective scenes.  One of the two "big reveals" here will be figured out by a majority of readers within the first third of the book, the other is will leave you asking "is that REALLY all this was all about?" Yep.
 Really enjoyed this latest Robert Langdon adventure.  The plot moved along quickly with many unexpected twists.  I never expected the ending.  If you've enjoyed other Dan Brown reads, you'll enjoy this.
 Unbelievable story ...!
 I was very disappointed in Dan Brown's latest book.  I felt he had fallen into the trap of becoming a "formula writer."  The characters were just recreations of those in "The DiVinci Code."  He spent the first half of the book wandering around in a maze and the second half chronicling an obvious madman.  Even his "the god within" secret was anticlimactic and disappointingly unoriginal.
 Excellent
 Typical for Dan Brown
 A must read book !
 Good but wanes a little towards the end. Beginning is fast-paced and keeps you entertained.
 It has great and deep ideas but at the same time it can be digested by non native English speakers. Very impressive and logic book. You can use it even as sightseeing guidelines for the Washington DC.<br/>Gor
 As always Dan Brown leaves you longing for more. This book does a great job of surprising  you with each chapter. Again I lost sleep because I couldn't put it down.
 I love to read Dan Brown novels, the are intrigue and the always make me go to the encyclopedia to see if some of his writings are fiction or facts. Even though I enjoy this novel, this time I was a bit puzzle since he make the character of Robert a bit shaky, insecure and I did not have that sensation in the other books, however the twist at the end is priceless.<br/>Over all I have to say that I like very much this book.
 I loved it.  The descriptions of the places were vivid &amp; gave me a sense of being there.
 Wonderful story....could not put it down and finished reading it in 3 days.  Wanted more and hope Dan Brown will continue writing.
 Another great book from Dan Brown
 This book was interesting for 50% of the book.  However the ending was a big let down.  The secret seems unimportant.
 Interesting information regarding the organization of the Masons as well as a lot of action which all held my attention.
 I  really enjoy reading Dan Brown 's books. I will read again after I read two more written by him.
 Not great...barely good.  For a book to take so long to come out after his last....did not live up to expectations.
 I read all other books from Dan Brown; so, I was excited to buy this one as soon as it was available. I was very disappointed after about 100 pages into it. It seems Dan Brown is running out of new ideas. It would be an okay book to read if you never read other Dan Brown books or any book relates to symbolism. He's getting so predictable in his plots.
 Typical Dan Brown. Brings you on a roller coaster ride. However, considering the entire book, the ending was a bit underwhelming.
 Unless you loved the DaVinci code, I would not recommend it for you; the DaVinci Code seemed much better.  I'm having trouble wanting to finish it.<br/><br/>Mike
 Dan Brown has done it again.  A twist at every turn...thought provoking...mind boggling.  And all the pieces come together at the end.
 A
 Provides many thought provoking concepts. I then research them. Great learning tool.
 Another great installment by Dan Brown in the epic Robert Langdon series. Could not put this down or get enough of it.
 I was an avid fan of Mr. Brown. I enjoyed the early books so much I get into a frenzy when a new book is coming up. But alas. This last book has been my weaning bottle. From writing gems like Digital fortress, Deception point to this utterly mystical, shallow  mindless narrative, I wonder where he will go from here! Good bye Mr. Brown, and thanks for your early works, there was real Sci Fi in them.
 Facts are fundamental in Dan Brown's writing. It is the precision of the details that keeps you into the story. Imaginary or not, enlightenment hits you in a way that you can't denied. Fully recommended.
 This is my fourth Dan Brown book.  Know how he changes good guys into bad and vice versa.  Some parts; however, totally freaked me out.  Planning a trip to Washington D. C, now to see the things he described in the book.
 A good story, entertaing, a lot of information... but too exaggerated at times.Not as good as The Da Vinci Code
 A college seminar on symbolism with a somewhat thrilling plot intertwined to keep it interesting. I really enjoyed this book.
 Very intense informative and mind revealing. It encourages one that there is a God and we much believe in our faith and God.
 good book if you like a thriller novel this book was not bad
 This was a very Interesting, well researched novel. I need to visit DC again and look for all the symbols at the national monuments.
 Reading the book "The Lost Symbol" reinforced some of my beliefs in what God intended for us to do in life.  Use his gift to inspire and improve all that live here on this earth.
 Great Story a nd I really enjoyed the book. I would highly 're commend the book, a good read.<br/>Tell a friend.
 Thank you
 You think you figure things out to find the book takes a different turn. The book kept me on my toes.
 Good read and kept me interested.
 I didn't like it as much as his other books.  Felt there was a lot of gratuitous violence which didn't add to the story enough in fact probably made it less enjoyable
 I liked the subject and the way Dan Brown surf between facts and ilusion.<br/>I recommend it for mature readers
 Had some mail handling damage.
 Recommended on Kindle books - I had read earlier but forgot that I had.  I generally remembered the end but the book was rich with suspense plus interesting factoids about DC, our country's founding, symbols etc that it kept my interest even though the second reading.  Dan Brown is great.
 This series is very interesting and, even though I really prefer mysteries, this turned out to be a mystery type as well
 It was riveting with unexpected twists.  Kept me guessing.
 Dan Brown has a tried and true method to writing his books. He never veers from the formula. And it's not a bad thing. Dan Brown writes on topics that I find interesting and I'm intrigued at how he weaves his story together
 exactly as billed great purchase
 Long and sometimes creepy but I love the way Dan Brown writes. It was definitely hard to stop reading.The ending wasn't the best on this one.
 I consider Dan Brown one of my favorite storytellers.
 Another of Dan Brown great books. Very interesting as to some of the "narrator" comments and thoughts.
 READS LIKE THE LORD OF THE RINGS....IT JUST KEEPS SUCKING YOU IN FURTHER UNTIL YOU THINK OF READING ANOTHER CHAPTER AS YOU GO THROUGH YOU DAILY REGIME.  IT IS JUST ONE WORD....<br/> FUN!
 Extremely well written novel with great action and subordinate things that make you think. Even if you don't read, I would strongly recommend this novel but first reading "Angels and Demons" as well as the "DaVinci Code," both by Dan Brown. As someone who doesn't read often, these books were by far the best I've ever read.
 To be honest I couldnt wait to get my hands on this book when I heard it was coming out. Diligently picked up my copy on Sept 15th and quickly began to read... First few chapters had me hooked almost picking up where we left off with Langdon. As we progressed with the story line, it went from bad to worse till finally I couldnt wait to end the misery. I plowed through in agonizing pain, boring page after bland page. Written with Hollywood in mind, Mr. Brown tries to weave in unsuspected surprises, puzzles, and mysterious Orders. In my opinion, he fails miserably to recreate the plots of Da Vinci Code and A &amp; D. He breeds the same lone bad guy, mentally twisted who torments Langdon to unlock puzzles around the city - only difference here is the 'surprise' at the end is lame and ambiguous, hardly justifing the 'adventure' that I endured for the past two days! Overall terrible book, a disappointing deviation from what was an otherwise 'good' trilogy.
 I agree with many of the previous reviewers...there are aspects of this book that I had a hard time getting past. The running back and forth conversation with the stereotypical CIA hard-nosed deputy director got very old, very fast.  At times, it felt like the start of the book was in fact a rehash of National Treasure...but with Robert Langdon playing the role of Ben Gates (Nicholas Cage).  The first quarter of the book was relatively slow...but set the stage for an explosive run for the finish.<br/><br/>Unlike the Da Vinci code, I could not get into the excitement of running around Washington, D.C.  Granted, there are lots of great and interesting tid-bits to take away about our Nation's capital.  However, there is something to be said about escaping (in a book) to France than to D.C.  The long time spent under the Capitol started to tax my commitment to the book, and Langdon left there just in time to maintain my interest.  Just as I'm sure the air is stale, this portion of the book started to pick up the same scent.<br/><br/>Once Langdon got out from the Capitol, however, the book really starts to pick up steam.  The plot lines suddenly started to make sense and weave together.  Each character's past begins to intertwine with one another and the curtain is raised on an exciting novel...classic Dan Brown.  Suddenly it felt like I was back in a Dan Brown book...rapid pace, exciting story, a mix of history/historical novel and money well spent.  I was happy to see Brown still had that magic which made Angels and Demon and The Da Vinci Code two of my favorite novels.  While its hard to compare this book to The Da Vinci Code, the elements of Brown's storytelling, fast pace and the character of Robert Langdon all made it worth while.  Do not worry if you find yourself slowing down at the start of the book...it will take off like a rocket.  All I can say, in true Dan Brown fashion, is hang on for the ride!<br/><br/>On a side note, I read this book on my Amazon Kindle (Generation 1...old school!).  Turned it on the morning of the 15th and was excited to see the new book download right onto my Kindle.  Amazon, I'm hooked on my Kindle!
 I haven't read it yet, but my husband has! He had a hard time putting it down and he typically doesn't read fiction...
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books now, and this one was as detailed, mystifying, and intriguing, as all the others.  I hope he will continue writing, as I will certainly continue reading his novels.
 I read it as soon as I received and didn't accomplish anything else around the house till I finished it.
 My kind of fiction
 I am reading it for the second time prior to reading inferno.  It is non-stop action and intrigue! Read it!
 The product delivery was good. The product was what was advertised. The price for the product was good. No problems or issues.
 I Loved this book so well written kept me guessing all the was through.
 Challenging! Thought provoking! I have read all of Dan Brown's books and find his work including this one to be an alternative look at everyday accepted doctrine. I like the fact he can do it and entertain at the same time
 For those of you who love Dan Brown, detail and mystery, this is the book for you!! Fast read, intriguing mystery!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I have read both Davinci Code and Angels and Demons, seen both movies.  This was a very interesting read!
 good read but not as good as his other works.
 Just as good as Da Vinci Code! I have been reading it and thoroughly enjoying it. Robert Langdon is such an incredible main character and I'm glad Dan Brown has brought him back in this book... It's an incredibly interesting read and I would recommend it to all of my friends. I also enjoyed the American backdrop for the story, it's a new and interesting scenery. Great read!
 Can't go wrong with this author.
 A book that take you through the power of mind .. Like a time travel or a journey into your outer aura space.. Realities of soul and spirit.. Deeply touched, spirited, motivated and impressed... Reaching out to the horizons of the unimaginable strength and wavelengths of human mind.
 Great end to the Robert Langdon series! Loved that it took place in DC. So much history and adventure packed into a mystery. This is a must read for history buffs, thrill seekers, and cerebral thinkers! 5 stars
 Great reading!!!
 Like all his books, he holds your interest to the very end where you know that this book will be read and enjoyed just as much a second time.
 Loved it, got a little windy at the end but as usual Dan conjures up history and object as compelling and mysterious.  Keeps you reading even when it's late at night and you want to go to bed.
 Awesome Author
 Still not as good as his two hits!
 This is a well written, structurally completed suspenseful book that is a page turner… I enjoyed the action however; some of the Catholic Church related items are not 100% correct.  But as long as one keeps that in mind and that this is a work of fiction, it is an enjoyable book.
 Thought the ending was kind of weak. But can respect it as well. Thought it was an overall great read.
 I retired from practice (internal medicine in 1997 after 51 years as an active doctor. I continue to be interested in medicine and just about everything else. Have been an avid reader since the third grade. Perpetual student? Learned a lot about history and the Masons and D.C.
 Dan Brown is the M. Night Shymalan of books. Started great, then tried to rehash the same storytelling and setting repeatedly and blindly clearly with the intention of milking his Italian research and initial storytelling novelty. I have read almost all his books with decreasing interest, and finally with Lost Symbol, I couldn't bring myself to get through half the book, and ended up wikiing the trainwreck of a storyline.
 entertaining
 It was great.  I couldn't put the book down until I finished.  It was very entertaining.plus I learned alot about the masons.
 IN my opinion superior to Inferno. Should be a motion picture
 shipped as expected
 I did like it just not 5 stars worth
 Great read!! Makes you want to go exploring in DC!  Robert Langdon is always fun to follow!
 Excellent Book
 the most likely source of this books crappiness is that brown chose to focus on the rather well known freemasons instead of some group that is lessin the mainstream.  add the tired unbelievable robert langdon and the whole thing just dissolves into complete gibberish.  since when is harvard symbologist a remotely believablejob title.....brown needs a new schtick forhis next book.
 Dan wins again.
 very happy with your serves will buy again.
 Riveting story with quite an ending.
 Just finished the book this morning - I must blame Dan Brown on my lack of sleep the past few weeks...Just as I knew would happen - I'd reach a point where I wanted to call it a night and head to bed, but Mr. Brown had other ideas.<br/><br/>The story was interesting, I enjoyed following another Langdon adventure, and I was impressed with the thought-provoking nature of the story!  Not often do I find myself doing side research while I read so that I can have a greater understanding of the background story, but this was one of those cases.<br/><br/>As with many stories, there were portions that puzzled me, and parts I didn't necessarily enjoy, but in terms of the story overall - a fantastic read - one which I would happily read again!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book...until the ending.<br/><br/>The book kept me guessing as to where it was going and who was the real 'villain.' This was so much fun and and exciting! Like his other books I could not put it down. HOWEVER the ending was anticlimactic and then ran on with about 30 pages too much. I would recommend this book as the majority of it is worth the disappointment at the end.
 Nice book and worth reading.
 Excellent product
 good book
 I read the whole book, and was compelled to finish it.  I did want to see exactly how everything turned out.  Fortunately I am an avid reader, so this was no huge task.<br/><br/>By the halfway point of the book, I really didn't care about the fates of the characters.  I thought Mal'akh was just too dark and too far gone.<br/><br/>What I did enjoy was the scenery of Washington D.C.  I've only had the chance to visit once, and didn't have time to see everything.  The descriptions of the buildings and artwork were excellent, and have increased my interest in another, longer, potential visit to the Capitol.  This, however, does not carry the story.
 Good book, have read Dan Brown's other books and always look forward to his writings.  It was a great read over the holidays.
 This is another page-turner in he Robert Langdon series.  I can't wait to read the 4th book in the series!
 Personally i liked this book, it is the kind of stuff i like to read. It definitely wasn't the same kind of masterpiece that i thought Angels and Demons or The Da Vinci Code was. It was somewhat predictable and followed closely to the Dan Brown formula. When his first books came around, it was something fresh. After reading those two, there wasn't anything unique about the lost symbol. It was Angles and Demons basically taking place in DC. It seemed Dan Brown wanted to put as much of his research into the book as possible. Sometimes it didn't seem integral to the plot, more like it was just shoved in there so that the research wasn't done for nothing. At the same time, I still loved it and couldn't put it down.
 good book--good reading
 I have  not finished the book yet. I like Browns' writing. I like the story because it stays close enough to the truth for me - to almost make it believable.
 Book was in excellent condition.
 Clean Pagers, no highlights or marks, made for a great Christmas Gift! Thank you!
 On the positive side, the book kept me interested enough to finish it, and I did learn some interesting things about etymology and architecture. The production value is very high, with good typography, interesting glyphs, and good design.<br/><br/>There were several flaws, however.<br/><br/>First, there was too much profanity. On the other hand, virtually nobody else seems bothered by this, so if it does not bother you, you can ignore this complaint.<br/><br/>Second, the description of entanglement and the supposed anticipation of string theory in ancient scriptures was unconvincing, speaking as someone acquainted with the issues.<br/><br/>Third, the relationship between Zack and Peter is presented pretentiously. Most of the description involved the author repeatedly complaining that Zack did not listen to the advice of his supposedly "wiser" father. Brown pompously complains that Zack had "shunned his parents' exhaustive attempts to provide him firm and loving guidance." The endless repetitions of Zack's skepticism as to Peter's supposed wisdom were like the screeching of a senescent parent vapidly insisting on his own wisdom.<br/><br/>Fourth, the ending was very poor and mooted most of the rest of the plot, not to mention belying the theory that Peter is as wise as he thinks: there's no reason for Peter to have gone through so much to have protected the most innocuous secret I've seen in a thriller.
 I've always like Dan Brown's ability to weave actually places and historical things into his stories.  Then to use them to guide your thinking along a path to get you to see them in a whole new perspective.
 What an in lighting read.  Gets one think inking.  Plus drama, suspense as usual, full of emotion!  You must read The Lost Symbol.
 Great read.
 Good book!
 The book was well written. Dan Brown keeps you on your toes and has a brilliant imagination. I enjoy all his books
 Another great Robert Langdon mystery.
 This was a great book to read right before my trip to Washington D.C. I was engaged through the whole book. It is a great summer read, or a way to relax before bed.
 After everything character Robert Langdon went through in Angels and Demons and The DaVinci Code it's hard to believe his level of skepticism about ... well, pretty much everything, in this book. The writing was lazy, with Brown seeming becoming a formulaic writer. Too bad.
 Dan Brown's writing is like waving a wand that transports his readers into the story line.  I know that the monuments in DC have a special significance and I love the way that Mr. Brown weaved it all together.  I find myself talking to the book telling characters to hurry up or wait, don't do that.  Now this is a book!  There are concepts in the book regarding being gods and being made in the image and likeness of God is what is taught in my church so I was glad to see it fused into the story line.  These are simple truths that can be found in the bible but they are rarely, if ever, taught from the pulpit.  I like how Mr. Brown put up front the facts that would be found in his book.  But folks should research for themselves anyway.  Gotta' love Dan Brown and his style of writing!
 For Da Vinci Code fans suffering though Dan Brown's long hiatus, "The Lost Symbol", while formulaic, will not disappoint.  Harvard professor Robert Langdon stays a lot closer to his Cambridge home this time around, as he is lured to Washington, DC, by old friend and mentor Peter Solomon, the ultra-wealthy head of the Smithsonian Institution.  Wasting little time to get the adrenaline flowing, Solomon turns up kidnapped, leaving a grisly clue beneath the dome of the US Capitol Building.  Soon Langdon scrambling for clues and playing hide-and-seek with a shadowy branch of the CIA in a frenzied attempt to save his friend's life.  As with "Da Vinci' and "Angels and Demons" before it, ancient symbology and historical minutia is the core around which Brown spins the action, this time diving deep into the lore and secret rituals of the Masons, and the connection between the Masons and the US Founding Fathers.  The Masons are arguably the least understood and most commonly maligned "secret" society in history, standard fare for conspiracy theorists and a seemingly inexhaustible stream of second-rate thrillers and B movies.  But Brown covers this delicate topic with an even hand, treating this venerable group with a revealing intelligence and due respect.  This makes for a riveting page-turner crafted around an impossibly diabolical antagonist, a cleverly fiendish tattooed hulk who calls himself "Mal'akh."  Rapid-fire chapters, a nicely done link between ancient wisdom and the arcane emerging field of science known as "Noetics", the study of the unhidden power of collective human thought, lead through a series of non-stop cliffhangers to a well hidden twist at the finish line.<br/><br/>Where the heretical theme of "The Da Vinci Code" infuriated many Christian's, Brown tones down the rhetoric here, striking a fair balance between the secular and the spiritual.  In fact, and perhaps as appeasement to some of those he may have offended, there is a deeply spiritual element to "Lost Symbol" that is thought provoking in topics ranging from the substance of the soul to the relevance and immortality of The Bible.  With enough conspiracy to keep the black helicopter crowd happy - including actual black helicopters - and some unabashed but enjoyable similarity to the "National Treasure" films add up for a fast, entertaining, and educational read.<br/><br/>Of course, it is not perfect.  While Langdon's "brains over brawn" is a refreshing change to the typical 44-Magnum-toting pop thriller protagonist, the thin, stereotyped characters and lame dialog are classic Dan Brown.  The breakneck pace falters near the end, dragging on an overly long 60-plus pages after the true climax.  And as Brown has his own history of playing a bit loose with some of his facts, there is little doubt that parts of "Lost Symbol" will frustrate the purists out there.  But for the rest of us, this is a riveting page-turner and lots of fun - another Brown thrill fest where plot and context trump the deficiencies, including all the ingredients for another wild bestseller that most will love while infuriating others who, as with Da Vinci code before it, will love to hate it.
 Wow. Dan Brown just keeps getting better. There were a couple of times I was absolutely shocked with what he had written. I couldn't imagine where he would go next, but he pulled it off brilliantly.<br/><br/>What I especially liked about this book was the fact it was based in D.C. So when I visit there I can actually go see some of the artwork and statuary he was refereing to. Although the Da Vinci code was great, I don't expect to ever get to those landmarks in France that he talked about.<br/><br/>The background on the Mason's was fascinating too. Don't know how accurate his explanations are, but I'll bet the basics are pretty close, although I imagine the biggest secrets are not quite as he explained it.<br/><br/>Great read though. I sure enjoyed it.
 As with other Dan Brown books the story line gets a bit flimsy and you are suppose to believe some statements as if based on facts when they clearly aren't, however still an interesting read.
 Continue the series of Langdon. It is a remarkable book with  A twisting plot. Highly recommend you to read the book.
 The Lost Symbol was similar to other books by Dan Brown with its fast pace and numerous twists and turns.  I was unable, however, to get fully immersed in the story line; partly because I found it less interesting than his other books' plots, and partly becuase it was incredibly far fetched.<br/><br/>As always it was an entertaining read, simply not as riveting as previous efforts.
 Jason liked it
 Incredibly thought provoking and inspirational.<br/>The words transported me from what I thought I had experienced into a true experience!!!
 Excellent book!
 good read and author
 Continues the saga, does not disappoint
 The writing is riveting and the plot intriguing: especially fun for those living in Washington. I found it hard to put down.
 I am hooked on Dan Brown....love his description of places...make feel like I am there..also love the mystery plot...thanks for
 Typical Dan Brown but still interesting.
 Amazing, per usual, from Dan Brown! The entire adventure from start to finish keeps you engaged and hungry for more. Truly well thought out concepts make the whole story thought provoking and challenges readers concepts of faith.
 Dan Brown's writing is adequate but not great.  I found the ending to this book confusing, even after re-reading it a number of times.  The twists and turns of the story are engaging though.  Would like to see how a movie if it stayed true to the book.
 The story was wonderful, engaging and fast moving. Kept my attention completely. The ending (almost) ruined it. Too preachy. I still loved the book. Would have certainly made 5 stars without the after messages.
 Great read
 daughter loves the books
 This felt like the Da Vinci Code just set in a different location and different histories.  The motivations of the villain felt forced, the character development was lacking, the mystery was not as enthralling as the Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons.
 In "The Lost Symbol" Dan Brown sticks to what has worked for him in the past.  The book includes the requisite secret society, evil villain, and other assorted characters and leaves you guessing as to what that exact role of each is until the very end.  The action is very fast paced and jumps quickly from scene to scene as in Brown's previous entries.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the book even though there were parts that certainly left me shaking my head.  The whole noetic science thing was a bit out there for my liking but the book remained a page turner nonetheless.  The bottom line is that if you enjoyed "Angels &amp; Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" that you will likely enjoy this book as well.
 Satisfied
 I loved the symbology, history and mysterw woven through this book. Not the adventurous page-turner that DaVinci or Angels &amp; Demons were but equal in its own right.
 a good dan brown story
 I usually like Dan Brown's books.  This time however, I found the book too long.  I think the book should have finished about 50 to 100 pages sooner.
 Fiction and reality combined together. In to this book everything has value, but the best reader is the one that finds himself the spots of reality.<br/><br/>Don't ask anyone, find everything with your own research.<br/><br/>All the best<br/>David!
 Same story, different title. Dan Brown already wrote this book, twice! The ending is such a cop out the book lost 2 stars because of it- yeah, I was going to say 4/5, but after that ending, it loses half of the reasons why I liked it, It went from pretty good to pretty bad.
 Great read
 Not a real Tom Clancy book.  NOT hist style.
 couldnt put this one down..... so much of it makes sense.  Highly recommend this ..... and sorry I came to the end of it.
 IF YOU LIKE DAN BROWN, YOU WILL LOVE THIS !!
 I couldn't put it down. The twists and turns keep you wondering what will be next. They should have made a movie out of this one too. Don't know why they didn't.
 Jast a bit long winded.
 This is nearly as good as the Da Vinci Code.  Holding my attention as I read it.  Got it in large print so easier to read.
 A was aghast to read that quite a bit of Dan Brown's geographical information is incorrect.  Brown's books are supposed to be based in a little fact.  However, his credibility in this book is dashed with his inability to use Google maps or visit the city prior to releasing this book.  The amount of geographical inaccuracies in the first three chapters alone was exhausting.<br/><br/>When flying from Boston to Dulles International Airpot, it is highly unlikely that Langdon would have flown by the Washington Monument.  It is not thirty minutes from Dulles to the Capitol building.  The trip is closer to an hour and a half.<br/><br/>Yes, while Langdon would have felt a change on the road has he went over the Memorial Bridge, looking left would not have let him see the Tidal Basin or Foggy Bottom.  Looking left, he would have seen the Roosevelt Bridge, Roosevelt Island, Georgetown just across the Key Bridge, and the National Cathedral up on the hill.  Langdon would have had to look right to see the Tidal Basin, and the Jefferson Memorial, however, NEITHER the Tidal Basin nor the Jefferson Memorial are viewable from the bridge as a result of the trees in the way.<br/><br/>On that note, coming from Dulles International Airport, Langdon's driver would have taken them down Route 66, which automatically takes cars over a bridge and directly into the city.  Memorial Bridge would have been out of the way for no reason.<br/><br/>This was just in the first three chapters of the book.  If you know your way around the DC region, this will be an aggravating read.
 Gripping, page turner. A great deal to learn too.
 Another page turning, twisting thriller. Plenty of action, loyalty, betrayal and twists, along with some historic fact, make for a great read. I always want to retrace the steps of any novel he writes as it is easy to feel you are travelling through something very plausible. Highly recommended.
 stayed us all night reading
 Thank you
 Great book!
 Another hit by Dan Brown, it keep a fine line between reality and fiction....hopefully they will make it into a movie.
 It was a little hard getting into this book but once you did it was a good book.  Waiting for the next one.
 Great book. I really enjoy the way the author intertwines multiple stories.
 Brown creates an exciting story using familiar places, fast pa c ed, interesting and alwsys well researched, /recommend to all especially those with an interest in architecture.
 Kind of slow moving story but still good. It just took me awhile to get through the book.
 I was very frustrated when reading this book, very similar scenarios and characters to the Da vinci Code,  I was quite dissanpoited.
 I bought this for my husband and he was very pleased with it.  It shipped out the same day and arrive a couple of days later.
 Too long, too preachy, and dharacters written poorly.  Ridiculously rapid recovery of the main characters after enormous physical and emotional ordeal just so they could wax rapturously about the potentional apotheosis of humankind.  Did no one wonder how psychotic madmen like the villain would fit into this rosy future?  Not worth the time it took to read!
 very good read, I was hoping it would have been a little more exciting...boring in spots. overall  I would recommend the  book
 He could write a 5 line poem and I'd read it - hands down one of my favorite authors
 Great book.  I couldn't put it down!
 good read
 Great read!
 Great book.
 Thumbs up
 Other reviews have said it well so i only want to ad a one star review. This is the last D. Brown Novel for me.
 Mr. Brown had a good plot  but lost me with too much repetitive explanations and preaching.<br/>He could have told the story  much more succinctly. I was past ready to be done with the book unfortunately.
 Another great book from Dan Brown.
 Just like his books
 I was disappointed  in the ending.  The lead-up was great, but a dissappointing ending.  I was hoping for much better!
 A must read Dan Brown! Truly interesting facts about Washington, DC sites. Plenty of his usual plot twists, too.
 Very fascinating and inspiring to think that we are all capable of harmony through thought. I recommend this book to those who are ready to change their perspective on life. It's never too late to regain focus! Five stars for striking the first note to my life's new melody! Thank you Dan Brown!
 I have read all of Robert Langdon's books. This is the second time I read this one. They are very smartly writen. Thank you. I am looking for the next one.
 Oh, Dan Brown wrote the other two Langdon books, and it was a Nicholas Cage movie where people were rushing around D.C. looking for clues.<br/><br/>All the expositional science read like Michael Crichton, and the short chapter read like James Patterson.<br/><br/>And the Masons have something to do with it? Read that before also.<br/><br/>Regardless, it took me only a few days to read this book (even with taking time out to devour The Golden City since that was a library book). Dan Brown has become a franchise like James Bond; you know exactly what kind of villains there will be, you know that Q will give James all sorts of cool doohickeys, and you know that James Bond will sort it all out without stirring his martini. And that you will enjoy it no matter how cheesy.<br/><br/>This book got the four stars because it was just what I expected, and I still enjoyed the heck out of it.<br/><br/>5/23/13 - Just reread this because I read most of it under the influence of a sleep medication, and forgot most of it. Today I would give it five stars because it didn't seem like a reread of his first two Robert Langdon books. It hit the ground running and didn't stop until right before the end. Even though the end was a letdown, I still really enjoyed it. Is it factual? Who cares!<br/><br/>Okay now I am ready for the new Robert Langdon book where he gets to run around Florence.
 This is what everyone was waiting for??  This was the worst written "bestseller" I have ever attempted to read.  Zero character development, horrendous conversational technique, one dimensional plot development.  I can just see Mr. Brown dreaming of screenplay royalties dancing through his head as he wrote each "chapter".  This could have been a mildly entertaining short story, but it turned into a dreadful full-length novel with the most disappointing (pointless?) ending imaginable.  You would have expected something more after such a long period since The DaVinci Code, but apparently Mr. Brown rested on his laurels for several years, then woke up one morning and pounded out his next "book" (screenplay).  Shame on his editor and publisher.
 Not what I was hoping for but good
 great price quick delivery
 If you like The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons you will love this book. Taking place in Washington D.C., there is a ton of information about our capitals history and historical artifacts there now. It will keep you reading until the end and is classic Dan Brown style, with many plot twists along the way. If you are a Dan Brown fan, you will really enjoy this book!
 The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons are Dan's best.  This book, while good, requires much foreknowledge of Free Masons and symbols etc.  I have read extensively on these subjects so was able to follow the written word.  However, I do feel that the conclusion "came out of left field".  I still would recommend it as a good read.
 Good read.
 Must read for anyone liking mysteries, action, adventure, suspense, symbolism.  This one has it all.  Thorough enjoyed.  Recommend highly.  5 stars.
 Half ass job of stretching conspiracy theory and attempting to legitimize bogus beliefs. Mildly entertaining read but no correct intelligence.<br/>Wasted time.
 Great Read!
 This book is definitely a good attempt by Brown and worth reading.  The 3star is only because it is not as closely knitted like Inferno, which I happens to read first.<br/><br/>As usual the intelligence of Brown to use the facts to form fiction is very captivating.
 Not as good as his previous novels.
 Love it.
 This was a rough read. Too many little details and background and not enough action.<br/>It was a big let down after Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons.
 Very good, same level the other
 as requested
 I very much enjoyed this book.  the concept of interconnectivity and the collective consciousness has always fascinated me. some of the riddles, I deciphered long before Robert Langdon, which is why I gave it 4 stars.... in true Dan Brown fashion, kept me riveted from cover to cover
 A little different from some of the other Robert Langdon books but thought provoking and riveting. A must read for sure.
 no
 Great book!
 Very nice read, I recommend it to anyone who liked Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons. Same type of suspense.
 The. Book starts great and keeps going until the last few chapters but could have ended a lot sooner.
 Reading this book as a writer totally changed my perspective, as I have further discovered how Dan's writing style is somewhat similar to mine. I was impressed, how he created such a tremendous amount of suspense within the first few pages that made it hard to ever lay the book down. Great book.
 While this book wasn't anything epic, it was still a fun book to read. This book is the third best out of the three Langdon books, but considering I really liked the first two, it's not saying much that it wasn't as good. There was nothing in this book that blew my mind like the previous two, but overall, I wasn't disappointed when I finished the book.
 If a person has read Angels and Demons and the DaVinci Code he/she has read this book.  The plot line of each book goes something like this -- Robert Langford gets trapped trying to solve a puzzle.  He meets a beautiful intelligent woman.  They spend the rest of the book running around solving the puzzle -- Rome, Paris, England, Washington D.C.  This particular book has an unbelievable deus ex machina concerning Langford someplace in the middle of the book.  It is also full of hokey mumbo jumbo theological speculartion.  The last 100 or so pages are simply theological speculation.  The book is an example of the old saying Ex absurdis sequitur quodlibet (from the absurd anything follows).
 It's probably not Dan Brown's best book. But it's still capable of giving you an urge to keep on reading. Just not as good as Angles and demons, but that's probably because A&amp;D is that great. Worth it, buy if you can, probably worth having in your collection.
 Amazing story telling.  Learned a lot about Masonic tradition and Washington D.C. buildings.  So many amazing turns of the story that I could not put it down.
 Just a good read while traveling.
 Great book.
 The plot is his most outlandish yet and the ending was beyond anticlimactic. The book essentially ended 50 pages before he stopped writing and the final pages are like a boring lecture. Time for both Robert Langdon and Dan Brown to retire.
 I enjoyed Robert Langdon's first two books very much.  They found a great balance between the search for the symbolic and the action/adventure aspect.  However, this book spent too much time discussing symbolism and not enough doing something about it.  There were great times of action and some fabulous twists, but the stress on symbolism and numerology overshadowed them a bit.  There was too much " . . . now he sees clearly.  No wait, NOW he sees clearly.  Oops, not yet.  Now, FINALLY, he sees clearly.  Oh, I mean  NOW . . ." I enjoy reading about the mysteries of symbolism, numerology and other related things ("The Incredible Dr. Matrix" was one of my favorite books when I was young). However,  at times, it felt more like I was reading an "A to Z mystery" or something.  Also, he seemed to have a hard time ending the book.  It felt like he was afraid that we weren't going to quite get his point unless he said it several different ways - much like a television preacher who has to repeat his point 6 or 7 different times for fear we won't understand it.<br/><br/>All in all, there is a good book in here.  I would give it 4 stars if it were about 150 (strategic) pages shorter.
 It's Dan Brown. Its mystery and suspense. It's Masonic History peppered with indulgent suspense and mystery tropes. Loads of fun;)
 Good book.  I love Dan Brown and his Robert Langdon books!
 -----'
 Great suspense... a lot of great facts and history, an entertaining as well as an exciting book, must read piece
 Decent read. Nothing special
 This book kept me reading for long moments. One evening I though started to read at 11pm and thought I would read maybe 30 minutes. Suddenly I noticed it was 2 am... I can certainly recommend this book to anyone with intrest to symbols, science or a bit mysterious stories.
 Great ebook and price for a digital download. Easy to do. It's much easier to carry a Dan Brown book inside a tablet than carry it around through airports.
 The story builds very well especially the final twist!<br/>Extremely thought provoking and riveting.<br/>Speaks not just to the mind but also to the soul.
 Amazing condition
 You cannot go wrong with Dan Brown.  Always suspensful, always interesting.
 It's even better if you have been to D.C. and toured most of the places in the book! . I can't wait for the next one!
 I have and read all Dan Brown's previous books. I expected an interested and original plot in this last book. Unfortunately the story was along the same lines as the Da Vinci Code and/or Angels and Demons: Just another story of another paternal secret society. The bbok was too long and repetitive. The plot was not really difficult to understand.<br/>If I knew I would have never bought the book.
 Not a bad page turner... I think I prefer the previous books in the RL series to this one, but it's enjoyable without being compelling.
 Good read
 Cannot fail to be good when Robert Langdon is again called to fight those who believe they are the chosen ones. Great novel, excellent twists and the same winning formula again!!
 When the dust jacket is the most artfully crafted element, there's a problem. True, creating a good work of fiction is NOT easy, but this novel really stinks. That said, I'm not going to blame Dan Brown exclusively. There was a cabal of co-conspirators responsible for this hot mess.<br/><br/>1. Heidi Lange (Dan's agent) - Ms. Lange, after the success of DVC, selling this had to be the biggest no-brainer of your career, even if the final product took SIX YEARS to materialize. But since The Lost Symbol is now likely to send Dan plummeting to the mid-list region (who'd of thought that was possible), I suggest you simply take the money and run. Oh wait, you can't ... you'll want to stick around and be sure Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman don't opt out. (They'll have their hands full making this film turn a profit.)<br/><br/>2. Jason Kaufman (Dan's editor) - Jason, did you even read this thing? There are entire chapters that could have been nuked, superfluous POVs, repetition on top of repetition, mindless banter, annoying forays into minutiae (for example, the origin of neckties), interior monologues or statements that DO NOT adequately serve to break up extraneous exposition, a reveal that's more anticlimactic than any in the history of literature, and a protag whose role becomes as neutered as the villain. Maybe Chapter 44 is eerily accurate and like Jason Kaufman, uh, I mean, Faukman, you didn't receive pages in enough time to properly review them. It could definitely take more than a few YEARS to have fixed this manuscript. (I'd have thrown my hands in the air!)<br/><br/>3. Blythe Brown (Dan's wife) - This interesting woman does a lot of research for the hubby. And, girlfriend, I'm right with you on adding esoteric and arcane tidbits to spice up the story. (With degrees in linguistics, archaeology, and philosophy, that stuff is soooo up my street!) However, using every iota you uncovered bogs down the pace and results in serious nausea. Listen to Dan -- the book should be a roller coaster ride, not those freakin' teacups at Disney.<br/><br/>4. Dan Brown (our intrepid tour guide, but no George Bernard Shaw) - Let's face it, Dan, there was little to no chance this tale would outshine DVC, but kudos for tryin'. Go on vacation, lick your wounds, regroup, spend time in an isolation tank, or hang like a bat, but don't pack it in yet. You still have fans and we know you're capable of better tales than this. (For those of you who don't know why I'm citing Shaw, decode the back cover of the book.)<br/><br/>So there it is -- Dan was trying to please too many people with Symbol. Heidi's claims of easy money lured him and, even though he knew he couldn't top the sales of DVC, he felt obligated to his agent. Then there was Dan's special sense of obligation to his wife (whose ideas for DVC helped catapult his work into the stratosphere), but his misguided amour resulted in a hapless plot built to include (what seemed to be) EVERY ONE of Blythe's precious factoids. Which leads us to Jason, who should have had the brass ones necessary to whip out a blue pencil and save Dan from himself. But as we all know, Jason failed. And poor Dan, shunned by countless Catholics, laughed at by literary critics, and weighed down by his loyalty to the people listed above, was then EXPECTED to produce a flawless tome featuring some secret group and a dead president so as to, ironically, drive more dead presidents into the coffers of Publishing and Hollywood. The perfect storm? A recipe for disaster? A million cliches apply, but "NO PRESSURE" seems most apt. Like I said, there's plenty of blame to go around.<br/><br/>(And if you want to read a less caustic but truly entertaining review, check out Valannin's. It's clever and way too funny!)
 Formulaic
 A bit disaapointed with this read. After reading previous Dan Brown books I was excited to read this one. However, it just went round and round in circles and largely left me pretty bored, but at least mildly educated
 You never know what's going to happen next so strap up and get ready for a bumpy ride.Cant wait for his next thriller.
 great book
 I have this fascination with the freemasons and this book some how got my attention to go ahead and study them a bit more seriously.
 Fact or fiction...Isn't really important. This book is interesting as all of Brown's books are. I enjoyed this fast paced book, learned a lot more about some things that I had rudimentary knowledge and...can' wait to visit Washington DC with new eyes.
 I'll think twice about buying anything published by Doubleday.  You'd think their editors and fact-checkers would have caught a lot of the stupidity.  Yes, it's a novel but many errors detract from the effect.  Brown is a total jerk for not even doing a Google search or two to get his facts straight.  Plasma screens do not shrink to a pinpoint when they turn off.  Liquid hydrogen is stored in a Dewar flask, not a cylinder.  The CIA is not permitted to do domestic operations, that's the FBI charter.  A senior CIA official who demands lethal force from a team on domestic soil against US citizens in a public building without a warrant?? Can't be that stupid.  A scientist smart enough to have her own secret lab isn't dumb enough fall for the transparent lies told to her.  Digital Fortress was full of gross errors, as were his other books.  You'd think he would have learned from that.  Apparently not.<br/><br/>At the list price, a huge waste.  At the Amazon price, still a waste of money.  Wait for it to show up in your local thrift store.  Two for a buck, maybe OK.
 Antagonist was easily identified early on but his identity was a main theme that got drug out about 25 chapters too long. The characters were nicely developed and colored. The story was nicely tied up in the end which is vintage Dan Brown. Good read.
 I purchased this for my wife she was dissapointed with this book. She liked Dan's other novels but not this one.
 Not the greatest......bogs down.
 I am just starting chapter 32 (out of 133). So I'm about one quarter of the way through. Thus far<br/>The Lost Symbol is a little difficult to swallow. All of Brown's books suffer from information dumps, but in this one he doesn't even try to disguise them.<br/><br/>Characters other than Langdon are literally just one dimensional things for him to talk at. Langdon will lecture for five paragraphs and then some other character will say "interesting, go on..." it makes me wonder if Brown has given up. For some reason in his other works I have been drawn in. The information dumps were tolerable, maybe necessary to get the reader up to speed in a timely manner so they can come along for the ride that is the rest of the novel.<br/><br/>Spoliers ahead.<br/><br/>Another issue are the so called cliffhanger chapter endings and view point shifts mid-thought. Katherine recounts her first time crossing the space between one door and another door in total darkness. She thinks about how simple their navigation system is. We have to wait several chapters to find out they put down a strip of carpet to guide you. So often Brown has the character think about something but refuses to tell us exactly what it is. If it's not going to spoil the plot just tell us! It is rather anticlimactic to wait five chapters to discover the ingenious navigation system is a strip of carpet!<br/><br/>Then there are the internal inconsistencies. Maybe someone who knows more about physics and science can answer this for me.<br/><br/>The entire purpose of having the lab in a dark enclosed area separate from the rest of the world is to prevent outside energy from throwing their measurements off. Okay, I can buy that. They can't have lights in the massive chamber surrounding the actual lab because the energy used to power the lights, or the photons emitted by the lights would muck up their readings. Fine. Then why can they have a hydrogen fuel cell, computers, and lights inside the lab? Is it because they know exactly what, and ho much is put off by the fuel cell and the electonics? If that is the case why they have a light outside the lab, determine what it emits, and calibrate for it?<br/><br/>It seems like brown just wanted an excuse to show the characters<br/>struggling with a fear of the dark and to artificially create tnsion. And the tension is lame! Oh my God, it's dark, it's really creepy and suspensful. No it's not. Not in the least.
 A good read.
 This is an exciting read, a hard-to-put-down book that I enjoyed even more than Brown's previous novel, The Da Vinci Code. There is one significant aspect, however, that transcends the intrigue of the story. The research that one of the characters is doing is more important than the tale itself. This is the practical spiritual message of the book.<br/><br/>The research lab in the story is working to prove that "human thought, if properly focused, had the ability to affect and change physical mass" (55). This suggests that concentrated thought can affect anything, such as "the growth rate of plants, the direction that fish swim in a bowl, the manner in which cells divided in a petri dish..., and the chemical reactions in one's own body" (56). These studies show that loving thoughts impact the structure of water and negative thoughts create a chaotic, disorderly form.  The ideas come from ancient wisdom.<br/><br/>There is more to this story, of course. There is the drama about what is hidden beneath a building in Washington D.C. It would spoil the story to say more. What doesn't ruin the story, though, is the importance of Brown's research. While some of it is based in fact and some may be simply his projections of possibilities, I feel there is a significance hidden in the pages that forces us, once again, to remember that the power is within us, not solely in some hidden symbol or object yet to be found. What is to be discovered may be what many already know, as Brown suggests, that the power and secrets we search for are within.
 I had read some harsh reviews of this book but chose to read it anyways. Typical style of Brown but that is why I read his books. If you liked his previous books you will enjoy this one as well.
 Absolutely captivating.  I must plan a trip to Washington DC to see all of the magical places mentioned in this book! Dan Brown delivers again!
 Entertaining
 I learned that responding to a phone text can be a bad idea - the sender's phone can easily be used by someone other then who you think it is.  I also learned that if you have a cataract problem you should get it attended to before you go blind.  Other than that, the book was rather tedious and I skipped quite a bit to get ahead and see if anything of great importance happened.  It didn't.
 A page turner kept me going on a chase eagerly seeking the next clue. In a constant rase against time and the odds finding what is hidden in the plain sight turned out to be a game of twist. enjoyed every page beginning to end!
 Great story leading up to an unexpected ending!
 Brown went on a little long- but overall a great read. surprising plot twists  and suspense. Spooky villian and interesting characters.
 For some strange reason this Dan Brown read is not getting the same type of accolades as his other works. I loved this book! Once again, I was hanging on every word. A must read for any fan of Brown's. Non stop action and a very good plot.
 Very engaging storytelling and great insights into the monuments in Washington and the Freemasons in US.
 Dan Brown has many good books. This isn't one of them. Don't let this be your first or last Dan Brown book.
 Great story, great addition to Dan Brown's collection.
 Reading this excellent book made me wonder about the true meaning and practice of humanism, and how it has imprisoned the body in the soul. Certainly the Classic and Christian ethical periods provided us with no guidance, but what direction did the Enlightenment turn us towards? How can we formulate a contemporary ethical system from the concerns of the humanist doctrine?<br/>Is there a possiblity for ethics in the modern world?<br/><br/>I tried to contrast the authors viewpoints to some of these concerns, and it was interesting and challenging. I look forward to his next book.
 My favorite from Robert Langdon book so far.
 Enjoyed reading it!  Some twists, turns, and redirects kept me interested.
 It is an interesting book, but not so impressive as Da Vinci code.  May be the secret of Washington DC it revealed shouldn't rock kthe world as Da Vinci code even if it is real.
 A rambling book of ridiculous scenarios, which is a terrible follow up to the Da Vinci Code.  It starts out bad and gets progressively worse where by the end it is a series of ever more preposterous settings.  It will take real work to get through the book.  It appears Dan Brown can, at this point sell anything he writes, but if he puts out many more like this one, his books will be a hard sell.
 This book seems to be written to suit publishers requirements. It is full of padding. I have read Dan Brown's other books and thought they were well written and intriguing. This was not a page turner but a page jumper.
 For the first time in a long time I could not finish reading a book.
 While I agree with common sentiment that The Lost Symbol isn't quite in the league of Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code, this book is a very good read in its own right.  As usual, Dan Brown gives very good physical description to the setting as well as great character development.  This makes the book a great lesson in history as well as a great fictional read.
 great
 This book is great! Have reality, suspense, history, and a very nice story. Dan Brown is one of my favorite writer.
 Great book, wish a movie was made about this.  Always keeping us guessing what's going to happen next.  Can't wait until the next book.
 I didn't read it -- son liked it.
 This book is a great read and I found it incredibly hard to put down.  I loved the twists and turns that had me constantly reading just one more page.  Personally, I thought <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons-A-Novel-Robert-Langdon/dp/B003A02WR6">Angels &amp; Demons: A Novel (Robert Langdon)</a>was the best of all of Dan Brown's books, but I have a new favorite now, The Lost Symbol.
 So intelligent and haunting!
 Product arrived as described.
 Received the book in expected, good condition and quickly. Will buy from seller again. As far as the book goes, it's the Dan Brown formula where the end of each chapter is a cliffhanger. I stay up later than Ishould because I can't put it down.
 A real nail biter. One of my favorite authors.
 Horrible........worst book he's ever done. It's no good, save your money. Dan Brown pretty much insults your intelligence through the whole story
 I have never really enjoyed reading and always went for the cliff notes vs reading the book when I was in school.  I must say I have enjoyed reading Dan Brown's books and they have sparked an interest for me to start reading more.  I am not going to disect this book like some reivews do as I would not know where to start. I will say the book was entertaining, kept my interest and I really enjoyed it.
 The book was written using a formula: give the reader some mysteries to be solved at later pages. The solution should lead to yet another mystery to be solved at later pages.
 Kept me on the edge. Great twists and suspense. Brown never disappoints his reader.
 I liked it very much, it was fun and although the plot is similar to the other author's books a few surprises are included and worth of 4 stars
 A very good thriller<br/>..kept you involved.
 Love it
 Dan Brown hits another one out of the park! I'm never disappointed.....
 Another excellent mind enlightening book by Dan Brown
 While details remain vivid and well researched, the story remained terribly superficial compared with other works.  Lacking in the plot was genuine depth.  A plot synopsis of a lengthy suspense novel should not be possible in under 200 words.
 Let me preface by saying I've read all of Dan Brown's books and found them entertaining.  I thought the writing and editing got progressively better in the order they were written with Da Vinci Code being an impeccable thriller.  Unfortunately it is my guess that Dan Brown's former success has made his editor reluctant to critisize his work.<br/><br/>All of Dan Brown's books are formulaic and this is no exception.  Similar plot lines and character sets from his former books give it a write-by-numbers feel.  That by itself is not a problem.  Unfortunately it is also really, really predictable.  I'll not spoil the book for you but lets just say there are no real surprises in there.<br/><br/>Additionally it seems that everything is said three times in this book.  His endlessly reminding us of facts presented earlier in the book borders on condescending.  This book could have easily been half as long.<br/><br/>Thirdly, if you loved Da Vinci Code because it was just grounded enough to be plausible as I did, then this book is sure to disappoint.  The technology and "science" presented in the book is actually in the realm of metaphysics and dated science fiction.  It pushes the book from gritty realistic thriller to fantasy and science fiction.  Don't get me wrong, I love a good science fiction book but it just doesn't work when you were expecting a nice historical puzzle wrapped in a grounded thriller.<br/><br/>Finally, the dialog is atrocious.  The antagonist's dialog is melodramatic to the point of being unbelievable and for reasons I've yet to pinpoint, Robert Langdon (the protagonist), has gotten dumber and more annoying - but he's swimming a lot so at least he is staying fit.  Dan Brown must also really hate college students because he portrays them as one-dimensional, dimwitted, and rude.  Maybe they are.  It's not my recollection but I haven't been in college for a while.<br/><br/>In short, this is not a book worth buying...
 A good read, but I enjoyed The Da Vinci Code and, especially, Angels and Demons, much more.
 Very captivating. Great story line. Inspiring.<br/>We know so little and we have much to cover. Not much time for an individual but not much time for mankind either ... to fathom his true potential.
 This is a typical Dan Brown novel, with secret codes and puzzles laid over a classic thriller style mystery. There are the expected pursuits, narrow escapes, and mysterious secrets and conspiracies. I'm not knowledgeable enough to review the science or the history in this story, I don't know how much is science and how much is psuedoscience, but the premise is, as in all Brown's Books, intriguing.  Personally I like it as much as The DaVinci Code, but not quite as much as Angels and Demons, which is still my favorite of the Robert Langdon stories. The Lost Symbol is a fast, fun read with a plot twist at the end that the careful reader may or may not see coming.
 I bought this because I am interested in Freemasony and I like his other books. This is a great read. I can't help but picture Tom Hanks as the character. I hope they make this one into a movie too.
 good read
 good read
 I wanted to like this book. Of Dan Brown's books my favorite is Angels and Demons. Lost Symbol lacks suspense. As others did, I figured out bad guy early on or so called major twist.<br/>No surprises but lots of long explanations . The funniest part to me was after being kidnapped up all night etc-Peter "Solomon" (really- how obvious with the name ) has the energy to go all around DC and show Langdon where the Lost Word is???. Book is just plain silly with not enough character buildup or any payoff at all. Skip it.
 Many pleasantly unexpected turns and twists.  The ending seemed a bit long after the antagonist is gone...<br/>Highly recommended this book.
 Another great book from Dan Brown, kept my interest and curiosity throughout the story.
 WORTH BUYING AND READING, BUT NOT AS GOOD AS HIS EARLIER WORK.
 The book was very good. It kept my interest to the point where I found myself reading through the late hours of morning. I am impressed with the length of his book along with the associations he made in regards to noetic science and modern civilization. This subject alone being covered will pave a new idea and road for such which is a very plausible approach to leading human intelligence towards enlightenment and hope where it wasn't noticed before.<br/><br/>The immense research Dan Brown has done that shows in his book is simply astounding! Never have I read a novel so full of very real studies and research. The only downside to the book is I guessed where the ancient word was hidden when "As above, so below" was mentioned the first time in the book.<br/><br/>Other than that, this book is amazing and is definitely worth reading. I even found myself looking up the information in his book, making for much more educational interest. This book, other than being a fantastic read, is also a eye opener for those willing to question their beliefs and perceptions. Those that are not capable of doing so will be noticed in the ridiculously picky and merciless reviews as it mirrors such and emotional response. But then again that's what was so good about Davinci Code.  Other than Digital Fortress this is his best piece yet in my humble opinion. Read it!
 I found most of this book to be along the lines of Dan Brown's excellent writing, but found the final pages slow &amp; disjointed somehow. Overall a good read, but I prefer ending on a note that makes me ready to pick up my next book. The Lost Symbol did not do that for me.
 Interesting and involved story.  So many facts and places in this one.  Love that it is another testimony of God with our founding fathers leading the way once more.
 Starts a little slow but picks up as it goes on, typical Dan Brown mixing fact with fiction, Masonic conspiracy theory a little thin
 A dynamic, fast paced story that keeps reader in suspense. What makes the book memorable is how the author has built in thought provoking points for one to ponder. If one dwells only on the fictional story they will miss an opportunity to open their minds to meaningful thought and learning.
 This is another amazing thriller that I couldn't put down and I learned a lot about Washington, D.C. and the Masons.  I loved this book.
 I enjoyed reading the Lost Symbol. Robert Langdon's character remain consistent, in challenging what he cannot see as not being valid. There are some truths that are one's belief and faith. Thank you Dan Brown for the journey!
 Gift for my grandson
 Haven't read it yet, but I love Dan Brown's books.
 Maybe not as good as the first two in the Langdon series, this is still a captivating story of mystery and intrigue.
 Thank goodness I bought this book on Kindle <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Kindle-DX-Amazon-s-9-7-Wireless-Reading-Device-Latest-Generation/dp/B0015TCML0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kindle DX: Amazon's 9.7" Wireless Reading Device (Latest Generation)</a>.  It saved me a bit of money anyway.  So disappointing I couldn't finish going through all those black tunnels with poor claustrophobic Langdon.  I hope he made it out OK.  But by 49% (Kindle location--it doesn't give pages) I couldn't go on.<br/><br/>And the punctuation.  How original.  Can sentences end with not one but two punctuation marks?!<br/><br/>Should be an easy switch to a movie though.
 Enjoy all the Dan Brown books I have read. His style his characters and story line is believable. Loved The<br/>Lost Symbol!
 My husband and I both enjoyed this book very much.  I won't repeat some of the other criticisms about it being too long etc.  I agree with that, but we enjoyed a recent trip to Washington D. C. more just because we made a point to visit places in his book that Dan Brown talked about at length. We enjoyed both of his other books and movies too.  I hope he continues to write, but maybe makes a change and writes something a little bit different.<br/><br/>Just a warning note to Kindle 2 readers.  This particular book does not have "text to speech" enabled.  Neither of us realized that could happen at all, and didn't notice Amazons disclosure, located just below the price.  Its not Amazons fault that we didn't notice, so I am not assigning blame to anyone, other than myself.  My husband read the book first on his original Kindle and enjoyed it so much that he suggested I download it on my Kindle 2 so we could listen to it in the car on our trip to Washington D. C.  We were very disappointed and ended up with me reading the whole book outloud to us both.  Boy was that a tiring experience.  Just wanted to warn any other stupid Kindle 2 owners, like me.  If you think you might want to listen to a book, be sure and check before downloading it to make sure that the "text to speech" is enabled on the book you want.  The publisher and author make a decision about the feature and whether to make it available.
 great reading. if you liked DaVinci code you will like this read
 The amount of documentation gathered by the author is impressive. The book is a combination of Washington D.C city guide and a deep plunge into Masonic traditions, with a zest of American history, but the scenario drags on to much, and I am a bit tired of the terrorist thing. It could have been much better, and...shorter.
 Lost Symbol is loaded with suspense, intrigue, mystery, and with a thought provoking plot that reels you in and won't let you go.  Very well done!
 This is a great book for those who question the existence of God...and the literal ideas that we have been taught from childhood. This book makes one think...
 GREAT
 Do not bother to buy this book. It is predictable and Langdon was a character that I do not even like anymore.  The ending was preachy and went on and on. Don't think I will buy another Dan Brown book until after it has been out for a while so I can read other reviews before spending money.
 Story is a bit too predictable. The Washington DC setting is refreshing but that's about it in terms of difference between this novel and Robert Langdons two other adventures. Still a worthy read and a must for any Dan Brown fan.
 You will love this book
 I started reading this book for the third time because I moved to DC. A must-read if you live in DC
 Entertaining, educational, thought provoking. I enjoyed reading this book.  Recommended to some, discussed with others. I like Dan Brown's writing style.
 Just not as good as his other works. Judged by itself not bad, when compared to the other three books I read first just not as good.
 I Love Dan Brown, But I just could not get into The Lost symbol. It had a good plot, but was not as quick as Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci code.<br/>Maybe if I were better in science class I would have enjoyed it more. I am still a die hard Brown fan, and most certainly will continue to read his books.
 great
 Dan Brown is a great writer so it disappointed me to see him use the exact format from the Da Vinci Code for this book.  It was interesting to see him place it in our nations capitol and use the free masons as his secret society, however everything else was a copy of his block buster.  If you are looking for something new don't waste your money on this book. Read one of his other books such as Angels and Demons or Digital Fortress. Otherwise get it from your local library.
 I want out of this screen I am stuck here. What do I<br/> Do next to get off this page.
 I like the way Dan Brown writes. It is always interesting and has many twists and turns to his plots.
 If you like Dan Brown's work, you will like this book.  It is not one of my favorite Dan Brown books but it is still a good read if you like his style and subject matter.
 fine
 Dan Brown didn't disappoint.  Great book, typical easy read and cover had interesting texture.
 Dan Brown has the ability to draw you into the story so you can't put the book down and you learn a lot of historical facts as well.
 Typical Dan Brown. Fun read.
 It has a great unexpected twist
 Over descriptive and wordy, brown is just rambling on and on and serval times slows the progression of the story. Tangents a lot.
 I enjoyed the book but found myself skimming pages as it tended to waffle on a bit. Still worth reading.
 Very good book but a lot like previous two.  do not expect a radical departure.
 Stellar, and a great group to deal with . . . no issues . . . met expectations . . . quality product.
 I feel Dan Brown has done it once again.  The suspense, the drama,the secret code, the character of Robert Langdon is wonderful.<br/><br/>I love how Dan Brown is able to give life to each character and the description of the surroundings are wonderful and very picturesque.  His lovely writing is so vivid it causes your imagination to take you there and you are caught in the middle of the suspense and camaraderie.<br/><br/>I keep thinking he cannot get better as a writer but then he surprises me with the 'edge of the seat drama' that makes him such a great writer.  You will love this as I did of that I am sure.
 The book is awesome but personally I preferred one of the first two, Angels and demons or dan Vinci code
 Enjoyed it from start to finish. Wonderful read!
 Fun vacation read.  Made the 13 hr plane ride bearable.  Hate Amazon's minimum word count for reviews. Blah, blah, blah.
 I ordered a copy of t his book for m y sister since it was so wonderful and she never received the book.  Sent two emails so far to Muse Media with no response.<br/><br/>I rate this purchase as a 0 and very disappointed with all concerned that this hasn't been rectified.  The book was ordered over a month ago.<br/><br/>Bad business!!
 Enthralling, riveting at times... An enjoyable experience!!! Learnt quite a lot about or symbols...
 Great storyline and action. Slightly let down by the ending reveal but that's probably just because Dan Brown has set such a high standard for himself. Very good read overall.
 It was good thank you
 Really liked this one.  So far I have liked every Dan Brown book that I have read.  He really has you turning the pages.
 Dan Brown - what happened?  Maybe you should stick to stories wrapped in European history........Total disappointment compared to the other books in the Robert Langdon series........
 Instead of a singular view of a just a story, there's a secondary idea to think about the multiple shared influences of what we may be capable of if we could set aside a singular view and focus on the bigger picture.  Great dual story.
 I thoroughly enjoyed "Angels &amp; Demons" and enjoyed "DaVinci Code", but have to say that I liked "Lost Symbol".  It was another quick read by Dan Brown, but throughout the book I kept having flashbacks of the previous two books.  Brown's writing is easy reading and does come with suspense, but when I finished the book I felt neutral...nothing special here.
 Dan Brown is an amazing author! I highly suggest giving one of his many books a try! There is always amazing adventures that makes you never want to put the book down!
 The ending was a disappointment.  Throughout the book, the author hypes mysteries to be revealed; however, the ending fails miserably when it comes to justifying the hype.
 I am sure I am not the only one who said, "sooo???" when we finally found out what was in the super duper secret briefcase.  National security??  I thought surely with the way this horrible event was being portrayed that thousands of lives would be at stake.  I hoped that maybe I'd start to really get it, but as he hammered the point over and over, I started to realize he was trying to convince himself more than the reader.<br/><br/>The nonsense continued throughout with the silly death scene, the completely unnecessary inclusion of the constant discussion of advanced spoon bending (why was this in the book??  It had no place or purpose there), and the complete lack of common sense by the characters who kept letting the cliche villain get the better of them over and over.<br/><br/>As a big Dan Brown fan, I was even more disappointed.  Waiting for the next big book by a favorite author is so exciting, but this one really let me down.  Sadly, if this has been my first Dan Brown book, it would have warranted him being added to my short "do not buy" list.
 I love Dan Brown's work.  It always makes me think a little more about the world around me. The endings do tend to be somewhat anticlimactic though.
 I loved this book! I don't know how much of it is actual truth but I do know that I wish and hope most of it is. This book like other books by Dan Brown just makes you think and takes you to a new level of intelligence even if for only a moment. Again I loved it and I think it's a definite must read.
 Amazing book
 very good book
 Good read. Had a good time with the characters. The tension is palpable. Couldn't put it down. I will be reading the next Robert Langdon book.
 So much happening .... I literally could not put this book down!  Lost a lot of sleep reading Lost Symbol!  This is best of Dan Brown to date.  Can't wait to see the movie.
 Very interesting.  Really enjoyed reading it.
 I love this book! I read The Da Vinci Code as well as Angels &amp; Demons and I just love Dan Brown, his style of writing and the suspenseful reads he provides to those who love to be taken to an amazing place when reading.
 Alright to list a few stupid things in the book:<br/><br/>1) Noetic Science....what?!?<br/>2) Superhuman giant white tattoed guy...really?<br/>3) CIA getting involved in chasing a lunatic to protect everyone from knowing all the people involved with a secret organization...hope the CIA has better things to do in real life<br/>4) Where it was hidden....really no one saw that coming?<br/>5) The Drowning.....Hahahahahahahaha<br/>6) The Bible.....this one takes the cake<br/><br/>What a disaster by Dan Brown. It will take a lot of convincing for me to buy another book by you....
 Great read.
 The ending was lost in a lot of verbiage.  After the climax there was too much filler. His other books were better.
 Good  book excellent reading.  Dan Brown's books are always captivating hard to put down.  He's books always want you to want more
 Typical Dan Brown fare. If you liked his other stuff, you've already established yourself as a not-too-discriminating reader at least part of the time (no fault there), and you'll definitely love this because it delivers on more of the same code-cracking, ancient ritualizing, and religious/political pseudo-commentary.<br/><br/>Books like this have their place - for me, that's the subway (on the iPhone Kindle app - because I wouldn't be caught dead showing an "Infinite Jest"-reading ridership the dust jacket of this book) - a place where concentration and deep thought are tricky and reading three pages at a time is just fine (I used to try to read Adorno and Walter Benjamin on the subway, but stopped because the paragraphs were just too lengthy for me to get through without distraction).<br/><br/>But of course, there are thousands of books that fall between Dan Brown and David Foster Wallace on the spectrum of Readability and Worthwhile-ness (which goes from Readable to Ulysses on one axis, and Time-wasting to Worthwile on the other), so your money would be better spent on something in the Readable/Worthwhile quadrant, rather than the Readable/Time-wasting quadrant that The Lost Symbol occupies.<br/><br/>More fun than The Lost Symbol: a book of cryptograms and word puzzles and brain teasers for $1.49 in the supermarket checkout line (or your grandmother's house).<br/><br/>Less fun than The Lost Symbol: Stephanie Meyer's "Twilight" books.<br/><br/>In closing: Holy Italics, Batman!
 Having read Dan Brown's previous books, I was eager to get my hands on his latest and read through the Lost Symbol. It didn't disappoint and I would certainly recommend it to friends.
 Captivating. I couldn't put the book down. As entertaining as angles and demons, deception point, the divinchi code and digital fortress. This book will paint a vivid portrait in your mind of then story he created.  Definitely worth it.
 It was a good yarn. However I was disappointed in the weak ending. I much preferred his latest offering "Inferno"
 Another great book from Dan Brown! His writing style makes his stories believable and keeps you hooked on through the entire story. Highly recommended.
 There is an unusual theme to the story as it delves into Masonic beliefs whch carry the story through to the end. It is an unexpected ending as the Masonic drama concludes
 What does The Lost Symbol and the Princess Bride what do they have in common?<br/><br/>Robert Langdon the protoganist in the Lost Symbol and Vizzini the criminal genius in the Princess Bride find every situation they are in "inconceivable" at this point Robert Langdon has stared in other Brown books and yet he find himself completed "perplexed" to be in his current predicament. Gimme a break. No plot spoilers but if you start to get an inkling of how the book is going to end (and I did by page 200) you pretty much can skip the rest of the book. No surprises No aha moments just a relentless plodding towards the inevitable that Dan Brown stretches because his publisher and editor would not dare shorten the work of their golden calf.<br/><br/>The only bright spot in this book is the field of Noetics and you can wiki that for free.<br/><br/>As for Dan Brown please go back to writing entertaining books and leave the vanity of trying to create a movement to another svengali guru.
 Though not as impressive as Inferno, the Lost Symbol is cleaverly discriptive in the lay out and history of America, however it seems to drag its feet at the end and was a little dissapointing.
 I loved the material, location and the Masonic references. Dan Brown continues to amaze me with his ability to repeat quality work and drama!  Worth every penny!
 What a crock of crap! Kept reading only because I expected to read something different, but same old garbage about hidden knowledge that we must rediscover.<br/>The idea very old humans knew more thousands of years ago than we know today with all our scientific advances is ludicrous.<br/>Very disappointed in this book.
 Enjoyable book, with interesting history on Washington and the monuments
 Mr Brown ought to retire from this genre. His poorly researched novels centered around secret societies and the rewriting of history are truly unbelievable (i.e not believable) and sometimes right down ridiculous.
 The story moves at a breathtaking pace, with more twists and turns than you can imagine. Brown has done his research carefully. Who knew there were so many secrets in Washington DC? The voices are all good on the audiodisc, although the hoarse voices of two of the characters sometimes make it difficult to understand them. I listened to it on the car audio, and often went out just to drive around and hear more of the story. OK, maybe he uses too many juicy adjectives and metaphors, but it keeps you in suspense and involved. Nothing will disappoint you here. Brown is a master.
 great buy!
 I thought the book was good but slow moving - I enjoyed the authors previous books more.  I recommend it - but not highly.
 I always enjoy Dan Brown's work and this piece does NOT disappoint.<br/>Full of suspense and secrets, just an absolute TREAT to read!  I couldn't put it down.  I even went to Starbuck's on the weekend to sit and read....
 What a fantastic ride! Once again Mr. Brown weaves fiction and history into a story that is not only believable, but makes you reconsider life, faith, and the future of mankind! Highly recommend!
 Definitely makes you think about life like all the books I've read by him. I highly recommend reading his books.
 This latest book by Dan Brown was merely okay. Though parts of it did capture me, it was nothing like the Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons. I don't know, maybe Brown was just in it for the money this time, because the 'spark' just wasn't there.<br/><br/>I wish I could say better about this book and I hope that his next effort will be better.
 Not as good as his other books which I liked very much.
 "The Lost Symbol" is another fast paced intellectual rollercoaster through the world of symbology with Harvard Professor Robert Langdon in the front car. There are many similarities between this book and each of his previous books as there is a thriller-type chase for hidden/lost information with codes and puzzles leading Langdon to the next step. As with the others, there is a clearly defined villian who keeps the reader at the edge of his seat, fearful that evil will prevail. As a thriller, this book accomplishes the goal of creating suspense, challenging the reader's expectations, and making it difficult for the reader to put the book down (or making it imperitive to get back to the book!). However, this book is bogged down at various times by the intellectual lectures of Langdon and other characters versed in Masonic history or the pseudo-religious/historical psychotic ramblings of the villian. These parts slowed down the story and I found myself, as the reader, skimming through a bit, trying to keep up with the main historical points but racing forward to the action. Seriously, this book could have used a lot of editing, cutting out whole sections of religious/philosophical discussion and preaching? about the lost meaning of the bible. It appeared that Brown had an agenda in mind about how those who have focused on the literal translation of the bible have been lost to see the gestalt of God's intentions. Anyhow, the book is definately worth reading and no doubt will make a fun and interesting movie, as it takes place entirely in Washington DC, incorporates many of the historical monuments and buildings, and leaves the reader more knowledgable about the history and integrated perspectives of the Masons and founding fathers of the United States.
 Far fetched
 this is the first time reading I enjoyed the excitement of Langdon adventures keeps you in suspence to the end
 Get to the point Dan Brown. This book just rambles. While the story has some interesting twists, it could easily been told in 30% fewer pages. Enough already. And Robert Langdon is done! You're a decent writer DB. Tell a different story instead of trying to be commercial.
 The exact same format as the last two books.
 What a disappointment.<br/>After reading all of Dan Brown's other books I was expecting another edge of the seat nail biter with well thought out characters and a fast moving plot line.  Instead I felt like I attended a very long and rather boring lecture with a few moments of action inserted as intermissions.  Nothing about this book moved fast and  several times I came close to not even finishing it.  But I had HOPE and thought  the book might get better as it drew to a conclusion.  It didn't; in fact the last  forty or so pages could have been left out of the book without being missed.<br/>Don't waste your money or your time on this book.
 Although the book was not as exciting as his other books I have read, it was still enjoyable and entertaining.
 I love the insight revealed in these pages. Not written, it is also a page turner and an inspiring way of thinking.
 Could not put the book down,
 I couldn't put this book down, it was fantastic, when I thought I knew the end a new twist too hold, a book definitely worth the reading.
 good condition, thanks
 Story moved along, keeping the reader turning the pages. Thought the Lost Symbol not quite as good as Brown's other books.
 It seemed like Dan Brown did a lot of research on the Masons and his entire desire with this book was to give you a history of this not so secret society.  With that said, I kept reading to see if there was a big payoff in the end. I literally closed the book when I got to the page when they explain why the CIA was involved.  I couldn't read another page.  SPOILER ALERT(sort of)....when Langdon learned why the CIA was so concerned I nearly laughed out loud. PLEASE!!  At least in his previous books he didn't think that the cover-up by the church was warranted, but in this he is just as worried as the CIA that this news will get out. CHAOS!!!! A political scandal that would rock the entire foundation of the United States. Please.  I felt like a fool for not at least waiting for paperback version before I tried this book, or borrowing it from the library. better yet, just take a pass a read a good book.  Dan Brown, you just made yourself a lot of money for a piece of garbage.
 The novel had several unexpected twists which made me want to keep reading. I was hooked from the start. Very exciting story.
 I enjoyed this book for the most part, but there were actions throughout this book that made me stop and think, couldn't this have been written a BIT more credible? Here Im not even addressing the mysticism or symbolic reference, I'm addressing the basic plot.<br/><br/>Overall, I enjoyed this book, the pace was fast and the story line interesting. However, that said, I felt frustrated by several situations where the feasibility of what the Author wanted me to buy into. From the begining I questioned Brown, allowing our "brilliant professor Langdon" to be so gullible in the first place and this seemed to a common thread throughout the storyline.<br/><br/>Protecting our "National Security" with a staff conisisted of what, a handfull of CIA operatives? Buzzing to and fro to cover all the bases throughout the plot? I know there have been federal cutbacks, but not very realistic. Come on.<br/><br/>And Ms. Solomons labratory being "in the dark" so to speak? Here again, I believe the author should have been more "illuminated" in the difference between feasibility and creative license.<br/><br/>In spite of all the symbolic elements common throughout Brown's book, I really felt "dumned down" by the author. That said, it was entertaining overall, although as others stated the ending left me unsatiated after such a gruelling quest.
 I've read the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, and this one is pretty much the same book. I found this one more repetitive than the others, though: lots of Masonic motifs over and over again. Filled the plane ride well, though.
 I enjoyed every minute of reading it.
 Typical Dan Brown, interesting and entertaining. I like his explanations of all of the symbols and the meanings of older things I know about.
 The book was alright. I thought his last two were better. I like the concept, but I thought the development of some of the characters wasn't believable.
 Great read, Dan Brown has a fantastic way of making you really think about things and keeps you wondering. There are so many places I'm keen to see to really see it the way Robert Langdon  saw it. I could hardly wait to start reading his fourth book in the series, Inferno.
 Had it not been for the "puzzle," I would have stopped reading this book before 100 pages.  I had to see if what I figured out early on was the answer.  The Washington Monument seemed too obvious.<br/><br/>The early American Masons must have had too much time on their hands if they went to all that trouble to hide their "treasure."<br/><br/>To use the same device to create suspense at the end of almost every chapter is a bit much.<br/><br/>If this book came with a money back guarantee, I would be $16.95 richer.
 Another hit by Dan Brown for sure
 lots of history and religion and random man's beliefs...some minor flaws, but they r inconsequential....glad I read another of Dan Brown's books.....
 As with other notable Dan Brown novels, The Lost Symbol has a very imaginative story line, is well researched (although literary license is employed), keeps you guessing and coming back.  Although I don't agree with the primary premises of enlightenment, I found the thouoght process and storyline interesting and provocative.  This book was a fun read!
 Keeps me on my toes!
 Another good tale from Dan Brown featuring Robert Langdon.
 The Lost Symbol is an okay page turner - but at times the puzzle solving and the amount of lecturing happening by various characters becomes tiring. Not a book that I would give a second glance. Not at all as good as Angels and Demons and the DaVinci Code.
 Not a a good read
 I have read 4 of his books and this was as good as the others, I look  forward to the next one.
 The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown was an ejoyable read.  The short chapters and action made the book easy to read without losing the story line.  The book drew you in and was difficult to put down.  I was sorry when I finished the book because I felt like it ended abruptly.
 You'll not want to put it down. The pages seem to turn themselves. Once you start clear your schedule. Many surprises await you.
 I wasn't very happy with this cd book because it had some skips in it and I had to keep trying to find my place again.  I ended up giving up this is the kind of story you need to listen to all the way thru without skips.
 The book has a well known Dan Brown's style of mixing science and information into a novel. The central idea of the book - the power of mind and the God inside us - is intriguing and exciting.
 Brown's language is cliche and overwrought, and there's a disappointing pay-off at the end.  The attempted reconciliation of science and religion is tiresome -- it's been done and overdone.  As ever, it's only interesting for as long as the science remains mysterious.
 I like all the previous Brown's novels and I like a lot the DaVinci code. The Lost Symbol was very dissapointing. The references to the Masons were not sharp and it seems that Langdon spend all book trying to be sure Masons are not upset for the content of the book. Maybe Brown doesn't want the same level of controversy that he got from the Opus Dhei with the Davinci Code. Anyway, the plot is flat and there is a lot of deja vu, the movie National Treasure about thte same topic was more entertaining (and it's not a very good film). I'm happy ot get the kindle version of $9, I'll be mad if I would spend $20 on this.
 Dan Brown has done it again. The Lost Symbol grabs you from the first paragraph and takes you on a ride of ups, downs,  twists and turns. You're never sure what will happen next and cannot anticipate the next change in direction. Brown gives a positive representaion of the Masonic mysteries and beliefs. Washington, D.C. is shown as most of us have never seen it before and the ending of the novel is teriffic, giving us the meaning of the "WORD."<br/>I highly recommend this book to those interested in science, mysteries and hidden meanings in the Bible, the Koran and other religious books.
 As all Dan Brown books, easy to read and quite addictive when you first start!
 Thrilling, Dan Brown at his best. Could't put it down. Probably equal to the Da Vinci cod.
 ...as I love all Dan Brown's books, I'm sure I will love also this book! Can't wait to read it!!! :)
 I found it too long
 The book seems to be all over the spectrum.  It jumps around and I have yet to make a connection with any character.  I found myself staring off into space on more than one occasion while trying to wade through this book.  Not his best writing for sure.  On the other hand, I have surely read worse.
 Just when I thought I had this book figured out out would throw me a new curve. It kept me up at night to get to the end. Anybody that has an interest in symbols masons and possibly true history should read this
 Dan Brown at his best. I did not want this book to end.
 This book was not as good as Dan Brown's other books. I feel his other books were much more suspenseful, and I couldn't tear myself away, while I had to force myself to read this one.
 Overall I liked this book. It started very quickly, and built to a fast paced finish. Saddly I found the revelations at the end overly predictable. However I found this to do little to detract from my overall enjoyment of the story. Whether you are a fan or first time reader of this author I highly recommend the book.
 This book really doesnt want you to put it down.  Keeps you interested and wanting to know what happens next til the end.
 Great book once again by Brown. Great story and great characters gotta love a good a twist which this certainly has!
 I was totally engrossed with this book until the last 10 chapters.  Then the suspense was gone, there was way too much preaching, and the events were highly unbelievable.  The two main characters in the end chapters had just--almost minutes earlier--undergone severe psychological and physical trauma, and somehow they were still able to climb to the top of the Capitol and climb down from the Washington Monument.  If the last 10 chapters had been moved to "6 months later," it would have been more effective.  As it was, I was disappointed, to say the least.  I had this book rated at least 4 stars until the end.
 I've been a fan of Dan Brown for quite sometime. This book doesn't fainter either. It keeps you captivated and almost do t want to put it down. I love the character of Robert Langdon. If you like angels and demons, and the Da Vinci code this book is a must read.
 Thrilling.
 This is my fourth Dan Brown book and it can't compare to Angels &amp; Demons. I didn't have any trouble putting this book down and coming back to it later. The characters are very superficial and the story plot is much too simple and predictable. It is just blahhhh!
 Great, exciting book for the first 95%. Then what let down beginning with the death of the villian.
 I'm not a picky reader, and I don't write fancy reviews, but this book may just be my least favorite book I've read in my life. Robert Langdon is one of the worst characters I've read and he drove me crazy. "THINK!" He's so "intelligent" that it seems like he can't believe in anything. This was a terribly written book, and I read it quickly just to get it over with.
 A little disconcerting jumping from spot. But, who Cares! The storyline is great!
 While the book is a page-turner, I found the plot hard to swallow.  Furthermore, I noticed just how awkward of a writer Dan Brown seems to be.  He uses many phrases that one would almost expect to find in pulp fiction.  Characters are flat, and where they are developed, I was distracted by the writing style.  The New Age elements of the book really turned me off, early on, but I pressed on because the book was a page turner.  Unfortunately, with one exception (an unexpected plot twist toward the end), they payoff was disappointing.
 Great Dan Brown novel, holds you to the end, dramatic twists right where you don't expect it.  Great characters and detail.  As usual, Dan teaches you as he entertains you.  You won't be disapointed with this book.  Love it.
 my husband loved it could not stop reading it
 Dan Brown has a winner. Many suspenseful in and outs. Dr. Langdon seems to find trouble and get out of it. If your a Dan Brown fan I recommend this book.
 this taught me a lesson-- do not fall for the pre-order hype, just because you liked the previous writings of an author. 3 of us read it on our kindles and each of us claims we hated it more than the other two. I won a/c I couldn't even finish it. At least we didn't spring for the hard cover.
 One cliff hanger after another.  I liked the Da Vinci Code much better.
 Dan Brown always keeps the reader riveted. This book was no exception. Couldn't put it down! I absolutely loved it.
 Great read.
 My favorite part of reading Dan brown is experiencing a new knowledge from places and things I believe I already know so well.
 Awesome book!
 Very disappointing and exhausting. Will make an interesting movie. Put it in 3D and we will all be sick.
 Another interesting look at life from Dan Brown.  Maybe one day we can do reviews by thinkg them!
 It was a good book that held my interest. The ending had a good twist but the last chapter or two could have been cut out. Not his best book but still worth reading.
 Not his best work.
 Title says it all. If you are a devout religious person and easily get offended this book is not for you. Robert Langdon is the Character, Dan Brown-  I wouldn't expect a whole new experience. But it's good... Just as the others.
 easy-read thriller well-cooked with a novel new instinct on human mind
 great book, holds onto you... can't drop until you finish<br/>it's a great idea to read the other titles by brown as well, as it helps you piece together the characters
 Typical Brown, informative research and suspenseful delivery that culminates in a delightful read.<br/>What happens to Langdon will upset your outcome assumptions.
 With his usual finesse, Dan Brown took us into  a world that COULD exist, but DOES IT place to solve a mystery of the ages. It was wonderful.
 Dan Brown's previous books were entertaining thrillers. This one contains the previous books' thriller formula, but the writing is bloated, and in hind sight, you get the feeling you just wasted your time reading it. Hopefully, this review will help you avoid the same mistake.
 I absolutely adored The Lost Symbol. As a huge Dan Brown fan, it had plenty to live up to, and it destroyed every other novel I have read from him. Superb storytelling!
 Once again Dan Brown weaves a great story around actual events and locations.  This time in the Washington DC.  I look forward to going back to have a look around this time with Dan as my guide!!
 Always a history lesson with Brown, in addition to some fantastic fictional writing blended in.
 Good page turner. Similar in spirit and style to da Vinci code and Angels and Demons. Ending was a little disappointing...this the one star reduction
 This one was a stretch...like an artist trying to make lightening strike thrice. Where Deception Point was a nice turn, this seems like it's looking backwards, not new.  Lacks any real eureka! moment. You would be better re-reading Angels or Da Vinci. And the ending was awful.
 Oh I had waited SOOO long for this book. I am sorry to say it was a huge disappointment. It is not a thriller. It could have been because there was a creepy story in there but it fell so far short of a page turner. I really had a hard time finishing it. One interesting twist- that's all! I don't know how to categorize this book. Is it historical fiction? Is it a religious treatise? Is it a commercial for the Masons? Truly wish I had not pre-ordered and had read reviews. Might have read it in paperback.
 I love Dan Brown's other books, but this one is brutally bad. Very condescending and weak. The last tenth of the book is totally unnecessary and is only about Dan Brown's arrogance
 While having fully enjoyed Mr. Brown's two previous Robert Langdon novels I have to admit to being very disappointed by The Lost Symbol. The puzzle solving and game playing of the earlier books was almost nonexistent in this one. I almost couldn't wait for it to end so that I good get to work reading something else that would be more enjoyable.
 Too much ethnocentric preaching. Made me feel like I needed to stand &amp; start singing the National Anthem.
 Quick shipment, fair price.
 A Great novel by a great author
 The impausiblility of the plot was problematic.  As usual the author's desciption of the buildings and settings was enjoyable.
 It's now one of my top ten favorite. The author is an incredible writer and the book reads like a movie. I recommend it to anyone who wants to get lost in a good book.
 It is quite unusual for a followup to a blockbuster to be as good or better than the previous effort but I agree with many that Dan Brown has done it. The best part of this type of book is waiting with bated breath to see how a man survives drowning or how a character escapes from an unescapable predicament. Sometimes you see some things coming and sometines you don't but the fun of the book is that the situations are astonishingly interesting and the resolutions equally satisfying. Now if Mr. Brown can explain how a human being exposed to the kinds of stresses and injuries he inflicts on them can a) remain out of the hospital, b) remain awake and c) retain their sanity, I'd appreciate it, but in the tradition of "willingly suspending disbelief" in the arts I'll cut him a break yet again in The Lost Symbol.
 Last paragraph contains a spolier ....<br/><br/>I bought this in high anticipation and was extremely disappointed .. short review is that the writing of Dan Brown is repetitive and rambling, I found myself forwarding thru pages at a time bored by the book.  It seems like the book was a report that required a certain number of words or pages and Dan wrote to fill the order.  The entire plot could have been summarized in about one hundred page short story.<br/><br/>Dan tries to fill the book with linguistic trickery and cheap tricks.<br/><br/>The plot is not plausible in the least, I was three steps ahead of the author in figuring out the plot.  Every character speaks in riddles and holds a part of the key to solving the mysteries of the lost symbol, it gets very tiring getting lead on by each and every character when in the normal universe people are much more straight forward.  Even when they characters are being hunted down they speak to each other in riddles, they have no time in the plot for long winded conversations but .....<br/><br/>Most importantly, I found it incredible that the son of Peter Solomon was murdered and his wealth stolen and no investigation was ever performed to find out who stole his money.  I mean, get real ... Peter Solomon is one of the wealthiest men in the world and he couldn't find out who stole his sons money and identification after he was murdered?  Get real!  This one aspect absolutely ruined the book for me.<br/><br/>Dan Brown, you can do better ... keep writing like this and you will be a one hit wonder.
 Fast moving and exciting, but characters do not act realistically. Robert Langdon is very slow to grasp what is happening!
 Excellent
 Great book! Read the whole book in a couple of days. Keep 'em coming Mr. Brown!
 Dan Brown's fiction is so close to the truth its frightening - but totally a 'page turner'  Only regret - i have finished reading it!
 Opening a present is like opening your mind to new thoughts and ideas there's always a surprise! Try it sometime.
 BEST NOVEL OF ALL TIMES.
 I love Dan Brown's style!  Great book. I become so attached to his characters that I find myself thinking about them like they are real people. Looking forward to starting Inferno soon.
 Dan Brown has written another amazing adventure in the Robert Langdon series. I've read all four of his other books and The Lost Symbol is some of his best work. Would recommend to anyone who likes hair raising thrillers. You do not need to read Angels and Demons or Da Vinci Code because they are only slightly referenced in this one.
 While the premise seemed promising for about three-quarters of the book, there was no payoff in the end.  Brown seemed to go out of his way to not offend any group or religion.  The last 50-75 pages seemed like research Brown couldn't use any other way than a Prof. Langdon lecture.
 Dan Brown does it again, this time wiith The Lost Symbol! Chapter after Chapter, I was always in suspense already imagining what was happening at the moment!!!!!!!! This is a must read for anyone looking for suspenseful thrills!!!!!!!!
 I'm not going to write a lot here -- I'm going to keep it simple. I kept waiting for the plot to improve -- it didn't. I waiting for the ending to make up for it -- it didn't. I believed the hype and build-up for this book and bought it the instant it was available. That won't happen on the next book.
 It was an interesting thou sometimes unsetteling read.
 Dan Brown is getting lazy. I loved Angels and Demons and was amused by the Da Vinci Code but this book should have been under a different author's name. The movie will certainly be entertaining and probably cheaper than buying the hard cover of this book.
 Loved the book.  Really like all of Dan Brown's books.
 A first page catching novel, quite revealing in many ways of all the hidden symbols in the nation capital, yet a Little dissapointing in the end.<br/><br/>Still I strongly recommend it
 Inferno is def better but this book has plenty of suspense.  It just goes on well after the threat is extinguished.  Brown really does his research and the area of focus is interesting
 Disappointing compared to Brown's other works. The storyline is not very convincing, especially on Zack's motive. His final outcome is also really alienated from the whole plot.<br/><br/>Didn't feel like waste of time, but did feel like waste of money.
 Another great book written by Dan Brown. Keeps you on the edge of your seat. Love how much work goes into his books so there is truth to the stories!
 Excellent!
 Always fun and exciting!
 it was good until the last few chapters when it got boring
 Dan Brown is such an amazing writer. He does it again with the stories of Robert Langdon. Fabulous continuation of the series.
 A few interesting pieces of information, but other than that the writing was phoned in.  I just can't figure out what took him all those years to write this book....must have been a lot of sleeping in there.
 I never ordered this product. I don/t know why tis shows up on my list. I'm just clearing up my amazon space.
 not bad i guess after all the hype I was expecting something a bit more exciting but I read it
 Fantastic book, but I love Dan Brown anyway, also this was my first Kindle book and I don't know why I waited so long to get one." The Lost Symbol "just carries on from all his others
 I'm not sure if I like it as much as Angels and Demons but the theme or topic is great. And the twist? OMG!!
 loved it
 This book is too predictable and relatively boring. I really liked Angels and Demons and thought Da Vinci Code, though not as good, was entertaining. As for this book, I can't wait to finish it (if I can stay awake long enough) so I can start reading a good book.
 Mediocre plot, forgettable characters, an underwhelming return for Dan Brown.  You'd think a six year effort could produce better results.  I like the Robert Langdon character and enjoyed the previous two novels; if Brown writes another I hope he goes back to Europe and delves more into its history.
 I thought it was an interesting book with a very creative plot, but, it got a bit far fetched and contrite towards the end.  Enjoyable none the less.
 A good read but very much like the last book.
 I've read this book twice and on both occasions I have learned and found  new meanings in the read.  It is very well crafted and keeps you wanting more and finding out where it is going to end.
 This is the third Dan Brown book I have read (Angels and Demons and The DaVinci Code) and I still can't figure out his legion of critics.  The Lost Symbol is an interesting, entertaining, fascinating, educational and suspenseful novel.  It moves quickly and keeps the reader involved to the end.  Yes, the formula is similar to his other books, but it did not dilute my pleasure from reading The Lost Symbol, a real page-turner.  Don't be put off by the critics.  The Lost Symbol is worth reading.
 The book was well written, but seemed long.  It was hard for me to distinguish what the son symbolized.  His death did not seem to take the story anywhere.
 As usual, Dan Brown has broadened my knowledge base through his Robert Langdon character. Every time I read one of his books I come away feeling that I have not only been entertained, but I have learned something.
 Great book in the tradition of Dan Brown. Learned much!
 One of the best books I've read, ever. The constant twists and turns in the story left me unable to flip the pages fast enough. Great read. I recommend it to anyone.
 I liked it-
 This book was terrible. It was off to a bad start, however I have enjoyed his other books so I hung in there. He spent so much time trying to impress with his knowledge I think he forgot he was writing an actual book. Please Hollywood do not make a film from this piece of junk. Don't waste your money.
 gripping book . enjoyed it very much.Recommend to everyone who enjoys historic symbolism and a good mystery. Very gripping book
 Reading for the second time, following an audio version, I still find pieces missed that enhance every part of the story. Thank you, Mr. Brown,<br/><br/>C. Rosynek, 32, F&amp;AM of PA.
 Excellent read!!! Dan Brown keeps you reading and anticipating the next steps in the secret of the Lost Symbol!!!
 I love Langdon..
 I am generally a Dan Brown fan.  If nothing else his books are good airplane fodder.  That having been said, this one put me to sleep somewhere mid-flight over Kansas.
 Dan Brown has written another great book! It reads fast, has a great pace with plenty of action and thrill. He keeps you intrigued all the way. My only criticism would be his extreme similarities to previous plots.<br/><br/>1. It's about a secret society<br/>2. It has a weird/crazy guy as an antagonist<br/>3. Langdon works with a girl<br/><br/>Have we seen this before? Pretty much every Dan Brown book ever written. However, it's a fun read with a new story. Just told using the same literary devices. I still give it 4 stars because I just love Robert Langdon as a character and I can't wait for the next book.
 I have read all of the previous Dan Brown offerings.  Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons were outstanding.  The Lost Symbol is almost as good at times - esp as relates to unraveling the "mystery".  The evil villain is a give away rather early on and the location of the sought after treasure was a give away as soon as puzzle was presented.<br/><br/>Disappointing as a followup to Da Vinci and Angels.  If someone is just discovering Brown it is an okay read.  Doesn't live up to the hype.
 Really good, highly recommend this book.  Enthralling to the last page. Can't wait until the sequel.
 I downloaded Dan Brown's latest book on my Kindle the day it became available for two reasons:  (1) I'm a huge fan and (2) I was visiting Washington DC the same week it came out and I wanted to visit various sites in the book.  I was delighted to read it quickly and when on a personal tour of the Capital I pointed out to our guide several items for discussion which he knew nothing about, i.e., the painting of Washington (as a God) on ceiling of Capital dome and the indentations directly under the dome where the railings were at one time which surrounded the hole in the floor.  Also, at the B &amp; B where we were staying our host worked for the architect's office at the Capital and we discussed the book on several occasions; Dan Brown does great research.  I did enjoy the book, would recommend the book, and will wait patiently until this book is made into a movie as well.  I just wish Ron Howard had selected another actor to play the lead role - he just doesn't fit to me.
 This book was ordered as a gift . . I had read it sometime ago and liked it enugh to share it.
 I really enjoyed this book, but reading it was one thing, do not think I would go and see it as a movie. Bit sadistic and brutal in parts.
 Another great novel by Dan Brown.  A gripping story line that keeps that pages turning, and brilliantly mixes fact with fiction.
 Thrilling, not nerve wrenching but a must read for the villain. Langdon doesn't disappoint either. Plot is average, written decently.
 It's good but not as good as Dan Brown's earlier novels.
 Not only exciting as a suspense mystery but also amazing as a story of philosophy! I was totally satisfied with.
 Loved this Robert Langdon story! Learned a lot and opened my mind to many other things! Really enjoyed the history lessons too!
 Just not getting into the story as much as I want to.
 Very rivetting could not stop once started. Will recommend this to anybody thatvread any of Dan other books. Looking forward to the next novel.
 Must read for any one wanting learn about were life can take ones imagination<br/><br/>Enjoy it with friends and family
 A beautiful masterpiece. Truly an astounding work of literature, created by an artist of knowledge.<br/>DAN BROWN ... no such word exists to explain the beauty of this creation. THE LOST SYMBOL
 The writing is getting better with each novel.  The story is strained.  Good accounting of architecture and art in Florence in particular.
 Very detail oriented suspenseful action packed little drawn out but over a good book would recommend it especially if one has time to read a 600 page book
 Graeat book..
 I especially liked the surprises at the end.  It is my favorite kind of book where good always wins over evil
 I loved this book!
 My favorite book of Brown's is Angels and Demons, and it still is.<br/><br/>When I opened this book, within the first few pages, I was concerned. What concerned me? That this novel was written like a movie script. Some of the way Brown describes people's reactions and actions sounded like something straight out of a script. But I continued to read on, and frankly, I was highly entertained. I loved the suspense, the campy-ness of the characters and really didn't take it that seriously.  The theories, whether based in fact or fiction, were interesting.  I really couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>I still gave the book 4 stars because it did what I expected it would - gave me an entertaining, suspenseful read.  could it have used more work and polish? absolutely. If you are looking for a great literary work, this isn't it. But if you are looking for a work of fiction that is altogether fun, this is it. Don't read into it more than you should.
 Enjoyed the book but some of the lengthy art descriptions were tedious
 Enjoyed this tale very much; a little too much like the National Treasure and The Librarian movies so the suspense leading up to the ending was not so surprising.
 Like all Dan Brown books, this is a great relaxing read. The plot is a little fantastic at times and continues in the same vein as Angels &amp; Demons and the Da Vinci Code. As always, it's a constant page turner and I found it hard to put down.
 Dan Brown - you did it again! The pages just keep turning just like in the previous novels. Not the Grail quest but more of the "National Treasure" theme.<br/>Makes me want to go to Washington again and this time for a closer look!
 This book is poorly written.  It is hard to get into the story due to the pseudoscience and religious propaganda.  The ending is predictable as is the villain.  I kept trying to get into the story like I did with the first two, but was unable due to the choppy storyline.
 Really enjoyed this story, found it to be entertaining and had a good interesting plot and twists . I recommend this book, and I'm going  to order Dan Browns next book Inferno
 Mr. Brown has surpassed himself with this book! I have read all of his books (always excellent) but this one is amazing!! TEN STARS!<br/>Dan Brown at his finest. Once began, this is almost impossible to lay down.<br/>Layer under layer under layer, it compels the reader to continue - almost to the point of forgetting the outside world.<br/>One of the ten best I have read in the past year.<br/><br/>Russ, A confirmed bibliophile.
 This book should be a must read for everyone.  It opens up the mind to a world that has always been before us.  It has a great potential to bring people back to the Bible.
 I have always loved to read Dan Brown's books.  I have read many other Dan Brown books and this one rates high as all others do.
 Just like all other Dan Brown's books, it makes good reading. You cannot stop once you start reading it.
 Quite Interesting and enlightening<br/> A little too descriptive and detailed.  I really enjoyed the biblical references and the surprise towards the end. I did not see that coming
 Another Dan Brown Classic! The more I read of him, the better he gets at it! I am wondering now if his books are symbolons - waiting to unravel a greater writing than in any one alone :)
 I was so looking forward to diving into this book. I even pre-ordered it at 40% off - thank goodness. I'm glad I didn't pay full price.I felt like I was reading something I'd aldready read. I'm not even finished yet and can't wait for it to be over. This book is so predictable it's irritating, but I'm going to finish it. The only saving grace is that I now know something about the Freemasons. I should have started reading it from the end. Too much hype, too few surprises.
 GREAT BOOK
 Actually I'm such a big fan of Dan Brown that not only I have all his books in paperback but also all the kindle editions. So I love his books starting from the first page.
 This book is chalk full of Masonic conspiracy theories and if captivates the reader throughout Langdon's journey to unfold the Ancient Mysteries. Amazing book
 Although quite similar in writing stye/theme to the Da Vinci Code this book is excellent.  The factual elements that are intermixed with mystery elements of the story are very interesting.  So interesting that I found myself "google-ing" them at different points in the story just to prove to myself that they were real.  They were!  This is a "page turner" that keeps you glued to the book, always anxious to see where all the "twists and turns" are going to lead you!  An excellent book through out, and very enjoyable reading!
 excellent story and very nicely illustrated edition, buying from amazon.com was very easy and price was half of the other shops even the online ones.<br/>So thanx a lot to amazon.com
 It's a formula, it's a formula.  Nasty improbable bad guys, good smart doctor, silly codes that I knew in fifth grade. Washington DC scenery and wow the Masons a secret society.  Fast reading but it's the same plot for the third time.
 exciting and provocative story, hard to put down. Has a few unexpected twist and creates emotional connections with the characters.
 Here is the formula to writing a Dan Brown Novel. First one must pick a group of a million or more to offend, here are some examples: the Catholic Church, the Freemasons or heck why not just go for all Christians, good PR. Second you've got to make the whole book span about twelve hours then add an amazing revelation destroying previous beliefs. Don't forget to add a devious villian who is not who everyone thinks  he is.Then you add about 400 pages of useless or false information and about ten pages of useful facts. Finally you add an anticlimax at the end and you have your Dan Brown novel.
 Really enjoyed this book cover-to-cover.
 This is Dan Brown as I know it. Thrilling, keeps you excited all the way through and I simply cannot put the book down. No change in the style, nothing really really new. It's like reading Angels and Daemons or Da Vinci Code for the first time again.
 This is a great book to read , I found myself not wanting to put this book down  not for one minute,  I strongly recommend this book
 Final chapters tedious.  I also did not like that Malachi was his son .  A twist in the plot that was disappointing. Other rhan that a good fast paced read.
 A number of reviewers, including that of THE NEW YORK TIMES,  equate rapid page-turning with the mark of a good read.  I disagree - comic book characters like the hero, heroine, supercop, and villain of "Symbol" become boring with 500 pages of repetition, and despite the sometimes interesting arcana of freemasonry, there is no real plot, just danger followed by escape ad nauseum.  It reminded me of the serials I loved watching at my local movie theatre - when I was 10 years old.
 great suspense, as usual in a Dan Brown novel.
 Very suspenseful.  Keeps you on the edge of your chair throughout.
 If you're already a fan of Brown's work then you'll love this book.  If you're not a fan, you should be
 Great book.
 Not his best work.
 Every one of these books gets harder and harder to put down. Between the history porn and the amazing story, Brown knows what he's doing.
 Excellent book that is full of suspense and intrigue.  As well written as all of Dan Brown's other books.
 It was as intriguing has his other books.  I would definitely recommend it to readers for the excitement you receive.
 Although a touch tedious at times this is still a great read. I would highly recommend this book to anyone with a thirst for history and mystery.
 This book is just OK.  Compared to the first two books (Angels &amp; Demons, The Da Vinci Code), this book is not as fast paced, not as interesting.  I did not find myself wanting to read more.  It is a decent read but if you want a great read this book is not just it.
 very good
 Love the history that is tied into the story! The action in it will keep you flipping pages faster than you could imagine!
 A great story with some information about the Masonic institution.  Like the past two books in the Robert Langdon series I want to visit the places described to see the symbols and buildings
 Lots of twists and turns.  The elements of the clues that build to the unveiling of the Symbol are clever plot devices and pure Brown. The book is more about the chase and less about character development. A fun read.
 This is classic Dan Brown. Not as good as angels and demons but still very interesting. Very well worth it.
 Dan Brown's previous books used to be more thrilling than this one.<br/>The story is too much far-fetched and somewhat longish
 I always enjoy these, as they are real 'page turners,' even though I think Langdon is a tool. I especially enjoyed the setting, as I am a resident of the DMV area.
 Good right to the end
 This book could have been about 150 pages shorter and still easily gotten it's message across. None the less, once I got to the second half of the book and the story started to gel I really enjoyed it.
 I had enjoyed Dan Brown's other two books Di Vinci Sode and Angels &amp; Demonds they both kept you turning the pages. The Lost Symbol has been a disappointment to me it is slow to get started and I find it fragmented. I bought it when it first came out and it is still not completly read. For me it doesn't hold my interest. I am 35% into it so hopefully it will get better.
 Great book, couldn't put it down.
 Thrilling and thought provoking!!!! A book that is hard to put away until next time.....This e-book is a must read for all Dan Brown fans!!
 And here I thought the “Da Vinci Code” an inflated work; the “Lost Symbol” is replete with pages of unnecessary nonsensical verbiage that add nothing to the plot. This work is gorged with lengthy descriptions of the most menial things; most of which, if not all, are totally unnecessary to further the plot, all they do is add pages and pages of verbiage.  Apparently, he gets paid by the pound – of pages that is!  Further, like his work “Angels and Demons,” this story-line has his hero Robert Langdon performing all manner of mental gymnastics to solve a series of questions that have stumped those who should be the more familiar with the subject matter; if the plot is to be believed, all else remain stumped until Langdon points out the obvious. This is what happens whenever an author feels compelled to substantiate the superiority of his hero. Whether it is through displays of physical strength or mental prowess, the hero rises above all others to save the world or solve the mystery; and like all such stories, the heroes become more and more incredible and their exploits more implausible.  Herein, Robert Langdon has risen to the levels of incredulity; simply put, this plot is totally unbelievable and Dan Brown’s attempts to weave it all together ends up requiring more and more verbiage doing nothing more than creating a jumbled incomprehensible story that makes less sense in the end than it did in the beginning.
 Too many twists, too drawn out. Thought it would never end
 Loved the book ... can't wait for the movie.  About 20 pages of the book were nearly blank when publisher's printer ran out of ink.
 Interesting book
 Was a great book and great read all around~
 I JUST FINISHED THE BOOK YESTERDAY AND IT WAS OK...A BIT TOO PREDICTABLE, BUT GOOD...I THINK IT WOULD MAKE FOR A GREAT TV MOVIE, BUT DEFINATELY NOT A BIG SCREEN MOVIE THOUGH...<br/><br/>DAN BROWNS OTHER BOOKS I FELT WERE BETTER.
 I'm not saying that is a bad thing.  If you liked his previous books, you will enjoy this one as well.
 Dan Brown's books are fun when you are visiting the places he writes about.  The narratives are simple but story structure is solid.
 Brilliantly written and on the edge suspense all the way.  There were some unexpected surprises.  I would highly recommend this book.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books. I enjoyed Angels and Demons more than The Da Vinci Code but I think my new favorite is most definitely Lost Symbol. He's facts mixed with fiction makes you believe his story-line. He has a way of putting loose facts together and making cohesive sense out of them. I think he's a great writer! He's style is modern and very well organized. The book has a good flow and there are points where you feel what the characters are going through. This book is worth the money...time! You'll enjoy it!
 Brown has a more-than-remarkable knowledge of a fast variety of subjects and a unique way to "hand" this information over to the reader in a most interesting way.
 I had downloaded a number of books to read during vacation. The further I got into this novel the harder it was to take any sort of break. Enjoy!
 Great book. Real cliff hanger. Twists every where. Really enjoyed reading it and am going to read the next one now
 Great beginning to almost the end where it slowed for the final realization. I would still recommend reading this book.
 This book touched on several ideas and beliefs that I have held true for years. I believe that one day, the world will finally open its eyes and see the real truth. We are the masters of our own world and our own fate. We are God's.
 I thought this was a great book. I don't know why there is all the negative reviews; I liked this book just as much as, or maybe even more than, The Da Vinci Code.
 You know the book is bad when...<br/>after reading 460+ pages of a supposed thriller/mystery/adventure novel you find yourself flipping and scanning to the end of the book just to GET IT OVER WITH.<br/><br/>After putting in the time to read the majority of the story, I had to be able to say that I finally finished it.  Also, hoping against hope, I thought that the story might improve and that there would be a true finale to this tale.<br/><br/>What a huge disappointment.  The entire book was a mish mash of adages and random phrases that were supposed to make sense. Honestly, most of the story was just plain silly.  The reader cannot help but be suspicious and doubtful about the novel when there are many phrases per page that are italicized to emphasize that they are so IMPORTANT to the story.  The reader just gets numb to it all and the emphasized lines have no more meaning that any others.<br/><br/>With the DaVinci Code, there was a search for a specific thing - The Holy Grail.  In this book the object of the search was so poorly defined and poorly described, the very disappointing let down of an ending should have not have been a surprise.<br/><br/>Dan Brown had a very good idea, story and adventure with the DaVinci Code.  However, his actual writing style is poor and juvenile.  He seems to be trying to appeal to folks who do not read very much and he tries to simplify things to the point of boredom. The CONSTANT use of phrases describing someone as "totally terrified", "totally awed", "in absolute shock", etc, etc is so trite and hackneyed.<br/><br/>With DaVinci, the interesting tale overshadowed his poor writing and clumsy use of language.  But in The Lost Symbol, the story was too dull in itself and the bad writing made things that much worse.
 I  enjoyed this book as much as the first two.  I like the Robert Langdon character and hopefully wil get to read other books in this storyline in the future.
 I enjoyed this book as much as, if not more, that his previous  novels.  If there is a flaw in the book it is that he made some of the characters implausible. The historical background was fascinating.  Here's hoping he writes another one.
 Not in the same category as The Da Vinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons.  While the "bad guy" in Lost Symbol was truly grotesque and evil, the rest of the characters were not memorable.  And, sadly, Robert Langdon seems to have been lobotomized since we last saw him.
 Lost Symbol.....I was glad when I put this book down. I was relieved when ramblimg stupidity stopped. If this is made into a movie, perhaps they should try a cartoon format.<br/><br/>Richard Franchi
 "That Dan Brown," I thought to myself several times as I read this book. "What an imagination."<br/><br/>Credit where it is due. Dan Brown has a singular ability to take a great many likely very unrelated things and use them to authoritatively build a construct where none should exist. He managed to create a cute little Path of Illumination in "Angels and Demons" and a Grail conspiracy in "The da Vinci Code" (where he somehow never got around to mentioning that Grail stories don't appear until the 12th century).<br/><br/>Now in his latest book, he creates a bizarre Masonic conspiracy that involves a McGuffin so great it could Change The Whole World. The CIA is also involved, for some reason. Also, a man gets his hand cut off, and Robert Langdon runs around staring, at various times, in wonder, in awe, in stunned silence and bewilderment.<br/><br/>The book carries Langdon on a chase around Washington, DC, on one rather memorable Sunday night during the football playoffs. A mysterious call, apparently on behalf of a friend of his, sends him on his mission to apparently uncover some great Masonic secret or, depending on what's happening at any given moment in the story, not uncover some great Masonic secret.<br/><br/>This book was pretty insufferable, really. I rather liked "Angels and Demons" and "The da Vinci Code" had it's moments, but this book didn't really. From the moment the concept of "noetic sciences" was introduced (you ever hear of "The Secret"? It's that), my eyes began rolling and didn't stop until the end, and then that was only because I think whatever muscle controls the rolling had gotten tired.<br/><br/>There's so much of this book that just doesn't make sense. Take the involvement of the CIA. What appears to be their internal affairs office spends much time running around DC, sending black ops people to do things and generally pushing around folks from other departments (hilariously the director of this office tells someone else, employed by an entirely different branch of the government, that she outranks him.  This is like the Chicago PD's internal affairs department saying they outrank an NYC police officer). Of course the CIA isn't allowed to operate on American soil, but since we all "know" they do anyhow, Brown has them do so in this book. There's no real reason for them to. He could've had it be the FBI, and that would've made a lot more sense and not strained credibility, but whatever.<br/><br/>And then there's the noetic sciences nonsense. Did you know thoughts have mass? I didn't, and I'm willing to bet this is news to most physicists, too. Brown likes to spout off a bunch of "scientific" theories in the book as though they are fact, which gets really irritating after a bit.<br/><br/>Also laughable is someone sustaining a very, very serious injury for which they have had no medical treatment, as well as dealing with the after affects of torture, and a serious psychological jolt... and a couple hours later this same person is traipsing about Washington without a care in the world or any real medical attention. Right.<br/><br/>There's one line towards the very end of the book where someone says, "I have witnessed human minds affecting the physical world in myriad ways." You know what? I have, too. Those minds power hands, for example. I suggest you use your hands to not pick up this book...<br/><br/>... ok, that's a little strained, but you get the idea. :)<br/><br/>The book gets two stars because it held my attention (when my eyes weren't a spinnin'), but it gets one star for everything else. Not worth buying.
 I was not prepared to pay $5 and receive such a nice book. Was a pleasure to read and visualize what Dan Brown is talking about.
 I really enjoyed his first two books. This one was tedious. Way too full of long diatribes. Don't waste your time.
 Cannot complain on this one. Another mind bender. Great read, keeps your attention and I did not want to stop reading.
 I really do enjoy this author.
 Been reading some reviews and it seems like the hunt for Dan Brown is on?<br/><br/>This isn't a perfect book in any way but it is a worthy followup to the Da Vinci code.<br/>He uses the same style, the same type of action etc etc.<br/><br/>So bascially, if you liked the Da Vinci code you will like this, not much have changed.<br/><br/>The big letdown for me in the book was the explanation of the CIA's interest in it all.<br/>He simply couldn't conjure something worthwhile there, but it's just a sidestory so I shrugged it off.<br/><br/>The most interesting part of the book is actually the last chapter where he sums everything up.<br/>The action is already done and handled, so this is mostly a recap chapter.<br/>In it he shares views that will create heavy collisions with people who considers the bible to be untouchable.<br/>I'm wondering if this is part of why some people are so upset, his views are a rather heavy kidneyblow to lots of christians?<br/><br/>I've read parts of those ideas in other places as well, it strikes me that he has been inspired by someone for those ideas though?<br/>I Wonder who?
 I was not disappointed in this Dan Brown novel. The description of the landscape and the surrounding areas as well as the characters was well done. The storyline kept the reader's interest until the last page.
 In a word: disappointing. In two words: very disappointing.<br/>The book feels contrived, totally implausible and the ending makes no sense at all. After reading it I could not help but ask myself for a few days afterwards: "Why did Dan Brown write this?" and "Was his editor on vacation?"
 In this third iteration, the book has become predictable, no surprises here... Perhaps it would be good if it where the first dan brown novel you are going to read
 Much as I enjoyed "The Da Vinci Code" as a literal page turner, the same does not apply to the follow-up, Brown's "The Lost Symbol." The story line is not as propulsive as in his earlier works, and the focus--or the macguffin--is not as clearly enunciated as in the previous stories.  A useful plot twist energizes the last portion of the book but the journey is not quite worth the destination.  No problem--Brown will sell the story to Hollywood, Hanks will continue to walk through the role with a puzzled look and more bad hair.
 Typical Brown, you know what you get when you read him. Not as good as The Da Vinci code, but only because it kind of repeats itself. Just entertaining
 Loved it.
 Loved the book, and always appreciate the writing style of Dan Brown.
 Just love the way Dan Brown tells a story. I always look forward to his novels, and I love having it one my reader. PS  I do miss having a real book in my hands!
 gripping, couldn't wait to get to the next page. on the edge of my seat like I was watching a movie........again AMAZING!!!!!!
 Loaded with historical references, artifacts, and action. Located in Washington DC, Langdon has to find the hidden ancient mysteries. Easy read. I rank it up there with "Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons".
 I absolutely love how Dan Brown writes.  You can help but become immersed in the story.  I felt every emotion of every character and could not put the book down.
 Dan Brown's new book "The Lost Symbol" is actually a very good read.  No, it isn't as good as Angels &amp; Demons or The DaVinci Code, but it is a good book on it's own.  I did have a few problems with how the main character (RL) reacted.  After reading about him in the previous two books, I had an expectation of how RL would react or assimilate information.  It was annoying that he had such a closed mind after his other adventures.<br/><br/>I might be the only person willing to admit it, but I did not guess the villian's true idenity.  Maybe I just fell into Brown's trap...usually I'm the first person to know whodoneit. And the drowning scene suprised me.  Of course, I did know what was happening but it still suprised me.<br/><br/>So would I pay full price for The Lost Symbol?  Nope.  But I bought it on my Kindle, so I only paid $10.  It's definitely worth $10!!!
 The author is excellent at taking truths  from history and expanding upon those points - to make you really think beyond what you have been taught in schools and religious institutions!
 The antagonist knew too much...<br/>True to the Langdon arc lots of symbolism- I enjoyed the story - a good read
 A great read.
 After reading A&amp;D and DaVinci I preordered this book...wish I had waited and read the reviews...a lot more entertaining...and I wouldn't have wasted the time it took to plow through this book.  What a disappointment.
 Another awesome Dan Brown book. Fast, frantic and excellent!!!! Heart stopping as usual. Dan doesn't let readers down in this one.
 Has its moments of suspense,  with a few suprises. Mostly just cut from the same cloth as the da vinci code.
 It was a quick read and suspenseful story. This was the forth book of D, Brown's and I will read more of his books.
 I have read all of Dan Brown books and if this had been the first one I read, I would not have read a second.
 Just like the other books in the series, a fantastic read.
 I'm new to Dan Brown's books and really liked this one.  The factual locational information really made the immersion into the story happen.  I highly recommend this book.
 I love Dan Brown's books.
 An exciting and suspensful read but not as much as Da Vinci Code.
 I finished the book literally about 20 minutes ago and felt I had to say something about it.  At first, I was rolling my eyes and thinking Oh God (no pun intended!!) this is just The Da Vinci Code repackaged!  Then I got to the climax of the book and said aloud "NO DUH!!!"  Then I got to the end and I was so pleasantly surprised. The end actually changed my attitude towards what I thought was going to be a silly book.  Unlike the reviewer who said it was It was an anticlimactic ending, I felt it was thought provoking and possible.  I say give the story line a chance because I believe the main thing in this story is the symbolism and not the crime.
 Spell binding
 Keeps you going. Always a new twist something changing to keep the plot interesting. I must read if you like books written by Dan Brown.
 Another can't put downer from dan brown. Want o o to Washington DC again now so I can have a look
 An enjoyable, easy read. Dan Brown is a talented story teller. Although this tale is not quite upto the level of his previous works, this should entertain most readers.
 Don't waste your time or money with this boring novel. The Da Vinci Code, it seems, was a one-time hit, to expect this would be another hit is a wasteful wish.<br/><br/>Boring, repetitive, flawed, pointless, nonsensical and aimless!<br/><br/>1 star is way too generous.
 Great
 Always enjoy a Dan Brown read.  This one is no different.  Like the other books in his Robert Langdon series, this one is a good chase.
 It was OK, not the best of Dan Brown. To many chapters
 Too predictable and long.
 awesome
 Everybody who loves a thrilling book shoudl read this: you simply can't stop reading! Dan Brown: you did it again :)
 Yes, Dan Brown's grammar, syntax, and structure may leave his more literate readers dissatisfied, but this just tells me they were mistaken to be looking for great literature here. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a> proves once again that Dan Brown is a member in good standing of our pantheon of great story tellers; another genre entirely.<br/><br/>I approached <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a> as a good read.  I wanted a great story, an adventure. Anything I might learn (or mislearn) along the way about freemasonry, pyramids, symbols, our founding fathers, or the architecture of Washington, DC: well, all the better. And I was not the least bit disappointed.<br/><br/>So suspend your reality for a couple of evenings, and dive right in.  I guarantee you'll enjoy the twists and turns and improbable characters and their behaviors, and that you'll finish it feeling satisfied and happy about the world. And that is a perfectly good reason to read a book.
 It is an interesting book and I've always be intrigued by this particular subject matter.  However, Dan Brown has a formula and it is blatantly obvious which characters have translated over.  If you like his writing you will like this book, but if you are a bit tired of the formula you can skip it and not feel like you've missed out on too much.
 Kept me on the edge of my seat with all the twist and turns. Live his books. Can't wait to start Inferno
 I really like the suspense in this book. The visuals also gives a great image if you never seen or been to any of the places stated in the book.<br/><br/>Couldn't stop reading it.
 Loved this book.  Fantastically vivid imagery of symbols and great explanations of them.  I'm also a bit obsessed with Freemasonry.  This book only fed that obsession.
 Bought the book. It is long, but Dan Brown is a great author and this is a thrilling novel. great
 This book got the same astonishing twistist and same exiting puzzles &amp; adventures as in every Dan Brown book.<br/>I really don't understand why people didn't like it and i think that no one can write this kind of book better than him.<br/>So, the idea of "typical Brown book" didn't bothered me at all, I rather call it "Another Classic From Dan Brown"...<br/>Buy it and enjoy it :)
 Although I admit Angels and Demons is my favourite,  I fairly recommend this one.Quite believable and difficult to put down.
 Same exhausted plot, same characters (some with different names), same mysteries.......I was hoping for Langdon to finally die so we could move on.<br/>Keep "Angels &amp; Demons". Sell the other two in your next garage sale.
 I liked every single moment and thing in this book, I would recommend it to everyone, I will just haver to say to readers, they will be unable to stop reading it.
 Lots of pseudoscience but we can give Brown some creative licence for this brilliant work of fiction. Not as gripping as his previous novels but still a great book. Can't wait to read Inferno!
 it was great to have all the pictures to go along with the reading, makes the whole experience much more real
 I have read Dan Brown and like his style of writing, although I was not impressed with the contents of this one.  Okay.
 Thhis is one of the best books I have ever read. It is exciting and action packed and keeps you interested from the first page to the last. It is a real page turner and I could not seem to be able to put it down, I had to read the whole book in only a couple of days.It had so much real information mixed in with the "story line", that you had to wonder if it was real and not just fiction.I really loved it and highly recommend this book to anybody who loves a good read.
 I was fascinated by the twists and turns of this novel. the story roped me in making the book literally impossible to put down. the complex web of symbolism interwoven in the novel helps the lost symbol rightfully earn its place alongside the other robert langdon adventures.
 Surprise ending with several twists and lots of interesting information about Washington DC.
 I enjoy reading books written by Dan Brown. Historical research always interests me. I am also a writer of historical fiction.<br/><br/>Barbara Street Brechin
 If I had my time again I would still read this, but it wasn't in the same league as the first two books for me.
 Anything that can make you think has got to be good. Knowledge is power. I will definitely read him again
 Really keeps your attention, a fast and easy read. Keeps your interest through the entire book.<br/><br/>Enjoyed it very much.
 Kept you waiting for the next turn in the plot. I couldn't put it down. Can't wait for the next one to come out.
 A very well written book. The author does a very good job of holding your attention. I would this to anyone who is interested in a mystery.
 Fast moving, somewhat educational about the Masons.  Characters are brilliantly described and I really felt like I was in the action as well.  Definitely would recommend this to friends.
 I haven't finished it yet, but it sure is a page turner!  Love it!!  It is true Dan Brown style!
 I enjoyed learning about symbols as i read this story. I am a believer in some of the everyday obvious signs that we tend to overlook!
 Excellent book by Mr. Brown!!
 I just love Dan Brown books. I have read them all. Please write more. All are thought provoking and make you question everything we have been taught about religion.
 This was a great follow up to The Da Vinci Code. I love reading more books with Robert Langdon in them. Dan Brown definitely can weave a good story.
 I was very disappointed with Dan Brown's latest novel. The storyline was weak and the plot "suprises" were predictable. I kept getting the impression that this book was written according to a formula based on his last two novels. He was simply capitalizing on his prior efforts.
 As usual, Dan Brown writes a spellbinding book.  The historical information woven so cleverly into the mystery keeps your interest at a peak!  The ending, although anticipated, nonetheless was very moving.
 Very exciting and suspenseful!
 As all Dan Brown books you're captured from the first page. And then you're taken on a whirlwind with a lot happening. I enjoyed this book a lot!
 Dan Brown is one of those guys that is hard not to like, as are his characters.
 This is the first book of Dan Browns that I have read.  The author keeps you going, through plot twist and turns. I loved this book.
 While I agree that the conclusion is not as intense and groundbreaking as the characters lead us to believe it will be, the suspense and story that leads up to the discovery is very good. I enjoyed the book and you will not miss your 4 dollars if you enjoyed his previous novels.
 If you liked the other Dan Brown books, you'll like this one. The cool thing is all the locations and many of the little stories in the book are real. If you are into Freemason culture, you'll like it a lot.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's book. Got it as a pre-order on my Kindle.  I don't think I'll ever finish it.  Nasty stuff that was so unnecessary, too long, too boring.  I loved the stuff about the Masons - because that is a family thing, but that wasn't enough to make this a worth while read.  I think someone must have given this man poor advice.  I think I'll go back and re-read one of his earlier ones.
 Seem's Good! didn't read it yet!
 The research for this story must have been quite a challenge.<br/>The same messages are within each of the world's major religions, even some of the symbolism.<br/><br/>Great read, lots of fun.
 Great, great, great!!
 With a long six year anticipation after Da Vinci Code, I was excited to receive this book on release date.<br/><br/>However, the more I read, I couldn't erase my feeling that this book will be the worst Dan Brown book I've read.<br/><br/>Now that I have finished the book, I can say with certainty that this book is indeed the worst one from Dan Brown.<br/><br/>Here are few reasons why I think it's worst:<br/><br/>1. Similar story line as Angels &amp; Demons / The Da Vinci Code<br/>A story of lunatic who wants to reveal old, ancient and mystic secret.<br/>AGAIN. Seriously?<br/><br/>2. Usage of unrealistic high-tech stuff<br/>Come on. 'Breathable water'<br/>Somebody drowned. Turns out he didnt because he was still breathing due to 'oxygenated liquid.'<br/><br/>ARE YOU KIDDING ME?<br/><br/>3. Story line being too obvious<br/>I knew the story line will end at the place it ends before Langdon and his crew went there. The description was too obvious but Langdon took forever on chit chatting.<br/><br/>A tall stone in Washington DC. Doesn't that ring a bell already?<br/>I've never been to DC and still I figured out the place where the book ends.<br/><br/>How can you mess up so bad, Dan Brown?<br/><br/>P.S: Did all that iPhone, Wikipedia, Twitter, etc talking necessary?
 The Lost Symbol is a highly suspenseful, fast paced thriller done in a style only Dan Brown could accomplish. Dan Brown is a master of mixing fiction with fact teaching you trivial things about everyday objects and symbols. While you know it is a work of fiction, it is very evident which pieces are fact, but they are interwoven so well that it creates a perfectly flowing story. I would recommend this to anybody who is a fan of Dan Brown, or thrillers. This book is difficult to put down.
 An excellent read although it wraps up in a fairly predictable way.  Interested in seeing how Dan Brown continues the Robert Langdon series.
 Good story but predictable most of the time.  The last few chapters were laborious and frankly, I could have done without them.  It as the only section that made me want to abandon the book.
 This is the third or forth Dan Brown book I've read and it's another triumph for him. Just the right mix of action and esoterica to keep your interest up.
 good book
 Thrilling. Captivating. Inspiring. I couldn't put it down. What a great way to get people to open their minds to new perspectives.
 Superb book could not put down. Story holds you throughout the book. I recommend to everyone would enjoyed other Dan Brown books. However story is a great read even if you have never read Dan Brown.
 Now I'll start off by saying this book isn't exactly a masterpiece along the lines of Dickens, Dostoevsky or Hemingway but who cares?  The Lost Symbol is a fun ride from beginning to end, with plenty of plot twists.  I genuinely found this book hard to put down and i was left wanting more at the end.  I didn't think it was as good as The DaVinci Code but it was definitely better than Angels and Demons.  If you're a fan of Dan Brown then give this book a shot, I think that you'll have a fun time with it.
 I love Dan Brown Books, they are so full of interesting facts, makes me want to re-visit Rome once again and put the authors theories to work.
 I thought Dan Brown really rambled on with a story that could have been a more effective four page essay.  I couldn't wait for this dark, monotony to end...
 I think this was the best book in the series. Very interesting and kept me reading. I could not put this book down.
 The Lost Symbol came to my mailbox on Tuesday night. By Wednesday night, I had finished the whole book. It took me Tuesday till midnight, then after work Wednesday till around 5:30. And that's the beauty of Dan Brown.<br/><br/>His books are like popular blockbuster movies. They're not artsy, they're not impressive in any way other than, hey, that was entertaining and I do not regret paying for that. This is a perfect book to take on an airplane flight, a vacation, or out to the pool with you. It's fun, it's captivating and like all of his books, it's an easy read.<br/><br/>Whatever your feelings about the Da Vinci Code, you will like this book slightly less than that book. If you thought Da Vinci Code was great, this is good. If you thought it was so-so, this is mediocre.
 I felt by the end of the book, I was reading a personal growth book.  I loved it! Amazing job of combining mystery and action into thought provoking awareness.
 Another great Dan Brown book.  I enjoyed it very much.  Never knew the Masons were so instrumental in the founding of America.
 I'm somewhat of a Masonic buff, so I found this book interesting.
 The Lost Symbol carried an identical storyline as The Davinci Code and Angels and Demons.  The same basic idea of Langdon and an attractive female counterpart trying to solve an ancient mystry, while be chases was replayed once again.  I was not impressed and found the final 40 pages of the book almost painful to get through.
 As usual in the Langdon character books, Dan Brown does not disappoint! Great read.
 Dan Brown does it again. Lost Symbol is full of twists and turns and interesting characters and thought provoking ideas. Addicting read.
 parts of the book seemed to drag on for no apparent reason.
 Dan does great research and keep the story moving without losing the reader.<br/>It's hard to put this book down.
 Enjoyable read. Nice plot twists.  Hard for me to put it down.  Story is quick and rarely staggers during the read.
 This book is phenomenal. He has written another classic. He's a literary genius. His extensive knowledge of history makes his books spell-binding.
 If you like conspiracy books, then this book will surely spark your interest.  Unlike Dan Brown's other successfull novels, this one doesn't have enough character development.  I do enjoy the fact that "The Lost Symbol" is well researched and well thought out.  For whatever reason, Dan Brown likes to reiterate certain points over and over and over.  This book could have been a much more interesting read if he cut it down to about 350 pages.
 I adore Dan Brown stories because they are well researched and I always learn a lot about a subject that I was unaware of previously.  I fell in love during "The Da Vinci Code" and it grew from there.  Going to the specific sights that Dan mentions in great detail really enhance my appreciation for his ability to describe and illicit emotions in his writing.
 Brilliant presentation. Very minute details meticulously presented. But in some stages it was dragging also. On the whole typical dan brown story
 When you read this book it is amazing how well everything comes together. I always enjoy reading books by Dan brown
 The research on this book is truly amazing.  A must read!  The faithful and enlightened will enjoy this instant classic.
 There is nothing in this book new or different than Angels and Demons or Da Vinci Code.  He should be a little ashamed to charge people for this story still one more time.<br/><br/>It's not necessarily a bad book - just the same story again.
 I really did love this book. Although I do agree that all of Brown's other books, including Digital Fortress and Deception Point were better than this one, it was still a great book. I couldn't put it down when I managed to find time to read.
 The illustrations lend credibility to the story. Fast faced, action packed, keeps you on the edge. Dan Brown is a great writer.
 Fast paced.  Interesting topic that would make for good discussion at a book club.  I'm going to look for more Dan Brown books.
 I loved every second of this thrill ride!!! I want to be Robert Langdon when I grow up! I truly hope Mr. Brown brings him back in more novels.
 If you are a fan of Dan Brown you don''t want to miss this one.  An exciting and historical tour of Washington DC.
 As always Dan Brown delivered a brilliant book that forced me to use my brain throughout. I look forward to the next go round with Langdon.
 I liked the book.<br/>Found it interesting.<br/>Couldn't stop reading it.<br/>Would like to read the next book.<br/>Have read the two previous.
 With every novel dan brown unveils hidden questions this book is no different. It is spell bounding and the magic of dan brown writing keep fueling the interest.
 It was hard to stay<br/> interested in the  book.  I'm still trying to finish
 I wasn't very impressed as I was with da vinci code and angels &amp; demons. It was just okay, some ideas weren't that realistic and therefore lost my interest.
 Fun mystery book. It was fast paced and enjoyable, just don't think too deeply about the scientific repercussions of the theoretical research.
 At times Brown pontificates too much.  I did like the comparisons and similarities he makes to other religions.  The return of the son in such a gross form was hard to take.
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books to date and this one did not disappoint,more twists and turns than a swiss watch you just have to keep on reading have had some very late nights/early mornings
 The physical aspect of the book didn't meet the descriptions offered by the seller. Really bad conditions. The writer is great and the lost symbol is a very good story.
 Another great read from Brown, this very revealing novel takes place in Washingron, DC. Good summer beach book to enjoy.
 Very gripping read that made this book impossible to put down. Loved this tale of Masonic rituals, history and symbolism.
 A real page turner.
 Great book. I always learn so much from Dan a Brown. He makes me want to travel. Going back to DC soon.
 Another fantastic story incorporating the Robert Langdon character. Educational, riviting, and very well written.<br/>Dan Brown's research into his stories is incredible.
 Excelent, especially of interest to one who has personal knowledge of the DC sites and locations.
 Makes me want to go to DC and look for all the symbols!  Well written and all the characters come alive.
 Great book
 Typical Dan Brown book - engaging but predictable. The Robert Langdon series are a great read and Mr. Brown continues with The Lost Symbol.
 Excellent story on par with previous mysteries.  Robert Langdon is a great central character!!
 Not a work of art, or the great American novel - but a fun read. Gets a little long in the middle.
 I am never disappointed by Dan Brown. He always keeps me guessing. I had a very hard time putting this one down.
 Intelligent, dramatic, thrilling and emotional. A must read that I could not put down. It covers every topic and more that you could want for entertainment and gives you a fresh perspective.
 This should have been a short story.  It just went on and on and on and on and on and on and on.
 A brilliant read and looking forward to reading Inferno.
 Unfortunately the book is going to be a bestseller because of Dan Brown's previous books and the movie spin-offs.  I wish I hadn't contributed to this by putting in a pre-publication order for my Kindle.  Although Dan Brown has never been a great stylist, I admit I've enjoyed his previous books.  So I can understand someone wanting to read this book, if only to be a part of a sociological phenomenon.  But this current offering is nothing but a rehash....Robert Langdon is tricked into undertaking a quest to solve a mystery that requires his skill in symbology while working with a female companion, meeting cognescenti guides along the way, coming against true-believer villians, and finding meaning in architecture of famous buildings.  The format is the same as the previous books:  very short chapters moving back and forth between characters and time and the plot slowing unfolds admixed with bomastic philosophizing with Langdon playing sceptic.  If your looking for an action novel, the action actually is over about 85% into the book.  Along the way, Brown manages to make some interesting ideas REALLY BORING by putting them in condesending new age and pseudoscientific packaging.  Even the puzzles are pretty lame; the author even admits they are simple and obvious.  Well, maybe Washington DC tourism will benefit.
 Did not expect the spin towards the end. Caught me completely off guard. It was nice to have Langdon in the US for once. Dan Brown strikes again!!!
 Good read.
 Very well written in usual Dan Brown style. Excellent attention to detail and quite interesting. Must read for Dan Brown fans.
 Entertaining.
 Really good start but the more you read the more the author seemed to be running out of a credible plot and rambling on.  By the end you could skip whole paragraphs and not be worst off.
 What a fun book to read, I feel like I learned so much.  I can't wait to get another of his books
 It took me a very long time, to finish the book.  Mujst say that I never "saw" the ending, as I turned the pages.
 Couldn't put it down!!! For me not being a big reader that means a lot!! Definitely well worth your time!!!
 Very good exiting couldn't put it down. A page turner look forward to reading his<br/> Next book  inferno..I will buy it next.
 Be sure to read the book or books that precede this.  Love Dan Brown books!!!
 This book lacks logic and a convincing story. There are many times while reading this book that I wondered how anyone is supposed to follow the unconvincing plot.
 Great book
 Great book. Read it in 2 days. Can't wait to read Inferno. Hope he keeps writing more books Dan Brown rocks.
 This book had a very good story line and interesting plot twists.  The only problem I had was after the villain was stopped the ending dragged out several chapters longer than it needed to.  It was almost like he didn't quite know how to wind the story down to the end.  Other than that it is a good read.  I'd recommend it although don't expect it to be as good as "Angels and Demons" and "The DaVinci Code".
 Amazing book--mind blowing even! Now it is time to research further all the secrets just unveiled! Full of intrigue and knowledge.
 This book is highly predictible. Kind of boring at parts. Repeats a lot of phrases. Not bad but he has better work.
 What an amazing story line, filled with twists and turns when you least expect, filled with sufficient interesting and thought provoking information, could not put it down. Thank you!
 Loved it, gripping from the beginning, couldn't put it down!
 Good
 The Lost Symbol yanks your brain through the pillars of our nation's capitol.  It's challenging, exhilarating, even maddening at times.  Just when I think I've cracked the code and can listen confidently in my "I knew it!" mindset, I get body slammed by a sharp plot twist.  I'm driving while shrieking and grimacing, yelling warnings to Kathryn and Robert at stop lights.  I'm actually planning a short excursion tomorrow afternoon partly to hear the end (I've got three discs to go).  It'll make a great, albeit gruesome movie.
 I could not put it down!  Hands down his best book yet. I loved Angles &amp; Demons and The Davinci Code but this tops them!
 If this had been my first Dan Brown book, it would have been my last.  Way toooo long, not enough action, and not a great plot.  Angels and Demons is still my favorite!
 Typical Dan Brown...once you start, you can't put it down!!
 Like "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons", "The Lost Synbol" follows Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon, who has 24 hours to solve a treasure hunt-like riddle, and save the life of his friend, Peter Solomon, while worrying about Solomon's kidnapper, a physically imposing fanatic covered with tattoos named Mal'akh, as well as the CIA's Office of Security, and surprise allies hiding in the shadows.<br/><br/>As with his two previous Robert Langdon novels, Dan Brown is great at constructing a treasure hunt incorporated with historical non-fiction, and building a good, thrilling plot around it, but his insistence on treating the story like an academic lecture (he actually explained that this was his aim in his witness statement in the 2006 trial he was involved in), is in full-force here, even moreso than in his previous two novels, and it irritated me throughout the book. I love trivia as much as the next person, and I love learning about the subjects used as the book's underpinnings, but there's a time and place for a lecture, and a thriller novel isn't it. A fiction writer's first priority should be to TELL THE STORY. It's certainly possible to incorporate little bits of fascinating non-fiction into a fictional story, but Brown constantly interrupts the flow of the plot to have characters begin lengthy sermons of obscure history, grinding the narrative to a screeching halt. In this way, Brown comes across as one of those douchebags who loves to interrupt a conversation to impress everyone with his knowledge of trivia. (I dream that one day he'll show up in an episode of "South Park" to take Cartman on a treasure hunt, stopping every other minute to shove trivia down his throat, and gets bludgeoned by Cartman at the end of the episode for it.)<br/><br/>One wonders how much shorter and better-paced the book would be, had "Reader's Digest" published a condensed version without all the extraneous historical bloviating, much of which has nothing to do with driving the plot, and seems to serve no purpose other than to satisfy Dan Brown's vain need to show us how knowledgeable he is in the area of pointless minutiae. Hell, the last fifty pages alone could've been jettisoned, or at least trimmed into an epilogue of respectable length. Trimmed of this fat, there is a fairly good story in here, with a frightening villain who generates genuine thrills in the reader, and a puzzle that slowly reveals itself to a reader on the edge of their seat to learn more. But even in this regard, though, the story has its flaws.<br/><br/>One is Brown's inability to create three-dimensional characters, especially in his lead. Langdon, despite ostensibly using his academic knowledge to drive the story's treasure hunt forward, is a slave to the plot, which never reveals character or arcs across a theme. His main character traits seem to be nothing more than the fact that he's claustrophobic, and likes to swim. The villain essentially defeats and humiliates him, and it's a supporting character who comes to his rescue. This brings into relief the fact that Langdon, despite being the main character, is really a boring, ineffectual, milquetoast character, and a pitiful excuse for a lead character in a thriller. Compare this to a similar character like Indiana Jones, whose adventures are also steeped heavily in areas of interest to academics. While Indiana Jones does exhibit the intellectual love history and archaeology, Indy is also physically appropriate for this type of story. He actually gets into fights, jumps out of airplanes, uses guns and whips, drives in car chases, etc., while still projecting a humble man's disdain of such exploits. Langdon is essentially a wimpy bookworm trivia nerd whose most fascinating traits to Brown are his tweed jacket and a Mickey Mouse watch.<br/><br/>This again ties into the "academic" nature of Brown's writing itself. Good writers make their characters seem real by acknowledging how people in real life do not comport themselves in the formalized, didactic manner of a university lecture hall. They give them rough edges, bad habits, conflicting points of view, character flaws, quirky and idiosyncratic traits that allow the reader to relate. Brown, however, who sees storytelling as one big vehicle to talk down to his audience like an overstuffed Ivy Leaguer, imbues his characters and his dialogue with about as much individuality and nuance as a bowl of oat bran. It's probably not a coincidence that the one exception to this, Director Sato, the most interesting character in the novel, whom Brown describes as despising a lecture (Gee, ya think she's unique in that regard, Dan?), tells Langdon at the end of the novel that the next time he finds himself in a situation like this, to "leave the bull**** in Cambridge." I find the metafictional irony of Brown having one of his characters say this to his most famous character to be rather glaring.<br/><br/>Brown also skimps on the finale. Whereas the main point of tension that drives the story's suspense is the race to find Solomon in time to save his life, Brown completely robs the reader of this tension in the end with an ending in which the tattooed villain (mild Spoiler Warning) practically gives up, almost handing the protagonists the key to his defeat, and Langdon isn't even the one who ends up using it. Sorry, but this is a complete cop-out of the premise set up by the novel, and again illustrates Langdon as a weak character, and a poor lead.<br/><br/>If you're like me, the story will hold you're attention, but it'll also frustrate the hell out of you, and may leave you disappointed.
 Nothing at all to say about Dan Brown. Maybe I will think of something I my later life in another world.
 This book is still entertaining. It's a bit flowering in the beginning than Angels and Demons or The Da Vinci Code, and a bit more predictable. Still worth the read.
 love how it all happens in 24 hours. Dan Brown keeps you wanting to turn the next page. Always good stuff.
 Lots of twists and puzzles' was always wrong in the end
 This new Dan Brown book was just wonderful.  I was on the edge of my seat for much of it and was very impressed with the historical background. I learned a lot about the Masons and about Washington, DC.  I have read all the Dan Brown books and his writing just gets better and better.  I can't wait for his next book and would highly recommend all of his books!
 Such a GOOD BOOK!!! I didn't his other books but i saw the movies but this one was good! LOVED IT!!
 The thing about Dan Brown is that he inspires you to read more about history and the truth behind the fiction. Excellent holiday read.
 Very well written, this is the kind of book that grabs you from the beginning and keeps you at the edge of your seat.<br/>It also gave me a very good insight about our forefathers and the creation of this nation.
 Nothing too deep here, just a fun read over a couple of days. This is your regular Dan Brown novel. I liked Inferno better.
 I read all four of Dan Brown's previous novels. I liked them, enjoyed them, and I thought they were stories that really made you think and open your mind to new ideas. The Lost Symbol is a BIG disappointment. The ending is an INSULT to the reader's intelligence. After all the build up, the ending was a let down. I will not spoil it for those who already bought it and may already be reading it. They may like the story. BUT, I am certain that MOST of the readers, especially those who read Brown's previous books, will be disappointed. If I knew what I know now about this book, I will not buy it, and I definitely will not spend, or a better word is waste, my time on this book.
 Amazing book, following the 10 hour journey of Robert Langdon through DC was thrilling. This book is worth reading twice.
 It's nice to read and listen by using kindle book audio book. I never thought Landen can survive from a water tank！
 I enjoyed the novel.
 All Brown's stories of Robert Langdon are just fantastic works that leave you wanting more. It may be fiction....but you believe every word.
 While it was a ok yarn in principle, there was far TOO MUCH proselytizing on religion, so I kept skipping a lot of pages especially near the end.
 Not quite as captivating as the previous novels with the character Langdon.  Still a good read.
 Enjoyable.  Thrilling with an intriguing use of history.
 seemed to drag out at the end, otherwise very informative and well researched.
 A very thoughtful book if you're interested in religion and history. A must read if you're going to Washington D.C.
 Absorbing.
 Dan Brown grasps the reader by the first chapter and does not let go until this enlightening and wild ride back into the mysterious past of American founding fathers and Masonry is finally concluded in his last chapter. It is for the skeptic, the believer, the conspiracy theorist, and for those who want to be entertained. One can not help but be in awe of Brown's research and literary genious. This story is sure to be one that will last and cause quite a stir. Read this book!
 I think this may be the best of the Robert Langdon series.  Very fast pace and I love the setting of Washington DC.
 Being a dan brown fan I was disappointed. This is another  Great story of Robert Langdon that is full of twist and turns
 I love Dan Brown. Every time I start reading, I can seem to put it down. His books are very intriguing and I enjoy reading them a lot.
 Great book.<br/>I can not stop reading it!
 I thoroughly enjoyed Angels and Demons, and The daVinci Code before that, but this one was not nearly as good.  Although many of the facts and symbols in and around our nation's capital were interesting to learn about, I thought the story dragged on way too long (500 pages for a story that takes place in one night?!).  If you're a big fan of Dan Brown you should read it, but I doubt you'll like it as much as you liked the others....
 Once again,  Dan Brown keeps the pages turning!  The plot constantly weaves and keeps one wondering who's on what side; Dan Brown has once again researched his topic in extreme detail; the information we learn about the inner workings of our national buildings and institutions is astounding; the villain is truly crazy and out of control, providing us an exciting ride through the entire book.  Well done once again, Dan Brown!!
 Every American should be required to read this book!!! Dan Brown dies a marvelous job connecting us back to the minds of our forefathers.
 Thought provoking and action packed.
 I read this quickly, it was interesting and fast moving.  I love Brown because his work is informative.  I learned so many interesting facts and a lot about Washington DC.  This is good recreational reading.  I don't read Brown looking for great writing and superior literature.<br/><br/>Something about the "moral" of the story stayed with me and made me think.  To me thats what a good book does.
 This book was fantastic reading. The book described many of my own beliefs. I would recommend this book to any one.
 This is the third book I've read from Dan Brown and I can't believed how captivated I felt. Well done.
 Loved it it kept me guessing. Dan Brown at his finest. Can't wait for Inferno. The best of the Robert Langdon series.
 Keeps you guessing.
 Very well written exciting like all other Books
 Great<br/>Page turner. All his books are that way. I've read them all. All good art makes you think... I'm thinking...
 A very suspenseful novel that kept me from putting it down until the very end. A great read if you like Dan Brown.
 Great read!
 This is another Dan Brown book, if you do not like how he writes or how he writes, then do not buy it. Other than that he is great at taking things that do have some facts and make them seem so much more than what they really are. Also This was great reading on the Kindle. I could not put the book down after Robert Langdon made it to the capital building.
 riveting
 If you liked The Davinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons, you'll be happy with this book too.  It's very similar to those books, with the character of Robert Langdon returning for another adventure.  The only difference is this story takes places in Washington DC instead of Europe, so the history and landmarks are part of American history and quite fascinating.  After reading this book I instantly wanted to go to DC to see all the sights described in this book, just as I wanted to travel to Europe after reading the previous two.  Great story, quick pace and the perfect blend of fact and fiction make this an instant classic in my eyes.
 While I enjoyed most of the book, I got weary reading it torwards the end.  I felt the author was leading up to a huge, earth shaking climax; however, the ending was flat and lacked substance.
 Five stars says it all.  Excellently researched and written.
 Dan Brown has done it again. It's always difficult to follow a big blockbuster with another, better, more exciting one; expecially one as potent as The DaVinci Code; but I feel Dan Brown has done it here.<br/>For those who pooh-pooh the dialogue, seek more sex, or feel that the premise is unworthy; Amazon has several hundred thousand alternatives.<br/>This is a terrific, historically intriguing, puzzle piece that brings to light hundreds of ancient symbols, legends, vocabulary, stories, people and places; all centered around our Capital and the people ands the allegories stretching across thousands of years linking to those that founded our Republic.<br/>What a tangled web of intrigue, history and emotional power.<br/>My pulse was racing and sleep relegated to some future point in time.
 Pretty good book.  Easy to follow along.  Better than Angels and Demons but not as good DaVinci.  Looking forward to his next one.
 Great!
 Intriguing, wonderfully written book. A true suspense thriller.
 The another brillant plot, highly recomended.
 I'm about halfway through The Lost Symbol.  Usually when I am at this point in reading a good book, I look forward to my next opportunity to continue the story.  But that, unfortunately, is not the case with The Lost Symbol.  In fact, I'm not sure that I am going to invest the time that it will take to finish this turkey.<br/><br/>One of the first things that normally hook me into a good mystery/thriller novel is plausibility.  If the plot elements are at least logical and possible, then I can immerse myself into the story and have a good time.  But on this main point, The Lost Symbol falls flat.<br/><br/>One of the first scenes in this novel takes place in the Capitol, where a severed hand is discovered on the floor of the rotunda.  Logically, you might think that the Capitol police would now consider the rotunda to be a crime scene, that they would block all the exits and call in forensics teams to gather evidence.  Well, you would be wrong.<br/><br/>The sinister director of an internal CIA investigative branch comes in, pulls rank on the Capitol police and takes over all aspects of the investigation concerning the severed hand.  That's in one of the set-up scenes of this novel, and that's where Dan Brown lost my interest.  Here's why.<br/><br/>I worked for the federal government for 35 years, and I can tell you with certainty that the Capitol police would never have allowed anyone from the CIA to interfere in a crime scene in the Capitol.  And, the CIA certainly has no rank to pull to get the Capitol police to do anything.<br/><br/>The CIA is prohibited by law from conducting operations within the borders of the United States, and it certainly has no police powers within the Capitol.  That is common knowledge, and is certainly well known to the Capitol police.  If a CIA director had tried something like a takeover of a Capitol police investigation, every CIA person involved would have been immediately arrested by the Capitol police or the FBI.  Believe me, the Capitol police are accustomed to dealing with powerful people and their powerful egos, because they do it every day.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has used this CIA takeover of the investigation as such a key element of his story that I just can't get past it.  It makes the rest of the plot look completely ridiculous.<br/><br/>This book makes me angry.  Angry that I wasted time and money on it, and angry because Dan Brown could have done so much better.  I really enjoyed DaVinci, as well as Angels.  But, The Lost Symbol is a lost cause.
 It was an excellent book to read.  Alot of suspense and action.  Recommend it very highly.  Looking forward to read more about Robert Langdon.
 Okay read.
 I liked it better than both the DaVinci Code and Angles and Demons (and loved them!)  I would recommend it to anyone.  Hope they make a movie of it!
 Excellent, Dan Brown again!
 Absolutely riveting from first page to the last! Brilliant book. Suspense, action, twists and turns throughout the entire book. Excitement plus.
 What a great book...makes you think!
 Very good
 Love the background details about Masonic Order; the surprising twists; and the fast pace. Really nasty villain; interesting heroine in Katherine Solomon; and overall a great page turner !
 I really enjoyed "The Lost Symbol" by Dan Brown.  It was a fascinating read, gets you hooked immediately!  Couldn't put it down, kept reading and reading and reading.  So many twists and turns in his novels--loved it!
 I would recommend this book to anybody who can read!  I'm overwhelmed with the amount of American history and of course the character Robert Langdon is the best.
 Excellent plot, kept you on your toes throughout with the twists and turns in almost every chapter. If you've liked Brown's previous books, you'll enjoy this too.
 Riveting. Similar to the first to in the start-up, but that's Brown's winning formula.
 I did not like this book as much as other Dan Brown works.  I found the ending to be quite boring and filled with too much blah, blah blah.
 If you've read The Davinci Code, or Angels and Demons the you've read them all. Same story every time.
 Enjoyed reading book. Would like to see it made into a movie.
 Well written and I could not stop reading. The images included were just enough to show what the author was talking about.  I would give this book 5 stars!
 Is a good book, but the load to the Ipod was less than acceptable.  It would skip all over the place.  downloaded from local loibrary was fine
 It was a good book and I think that had the most awesome books in the whole wide world. So when is a new book coming out.
 I became a Dan Brown fan after reading "DeVinceCode".  Also read Angels and Demons, but this is an absolute disappointment.  Ending is awful, predictable and no surprise after all the built up to it.<br/><br/>Don't waste your time and money.
 Great mystery with an unexpected ending, quite a page turner! Interesting aspects of Freemasonry along with thought provoking theological ideas.
 This story carries you along like an express train even when you think you know what's happening. Then comes the sharp intake if breath...
 Great book! Opened my eyes even more!
 I couldn't put it down.  Characters real and sympathetic.  Relationships, on the whole, believable and interesting.  Well researched and portrayed.
 I found out some of the references to the Rotunda were factual and I had never heard of them before.  Kept me wanting to keep reading through to the end.
 Great. Book! Keeps the story moving with no pauses- didn't want to put it down....if you liked his other books your sure to like this one...
 Dan Brown should quit while he is ahead.  This book was more of the exact same but less interesting.  It could have ended about 4 times during the conclusion and would have been better off.  Lastly it seemed a little preachy at then end.
 Loved it!
 Well, I have to go along with many others here.<br/><br/>This is a very sad follow up to a fine series.  This book is so poorly written, it is painful.  The plot devices are reruns of his prior novels.  The 'science' is so twisted and unbelievable as to be laughable.<br/><br/>It is so obvious that DB wrote this under pressure just to write another Langdon novel.  There is zero orginality, total rehash of plot, and mindless idiocy of the protagonists that at one point I actually tossed the book across the room I was so frustrated.<br/><br/>Don't waste your time on this.  If you want a good read, reread DVC.
 Dan Brown is getting, or has already gotten, redundant. He has talent; I just wish he'd ditch the Langdon formula.
 Loved it, I couldn't put the book down.  I liked the research he put into the book.  I wanted to know more about the free masons after reading the book.
 This is a terrible book. I learned some things about the Masons, but that's not why I bought the book. I wanted to be entertained. This book is not entertaining. It is insulting. The story is beyond dumb.
 Great book
 I love the Robert Langdon series. Very thought provoking. Keep em coming. Oh yeah, when is the lost symbol movie coming out? Gotta have one.
 Dan Brown does not disappoint in this new action thriller. I loved the mysticism, the science, the history and of course, the plot and characters... I loved everything about the book (that is except the need to stay up way too late reading rather than sleeping of course). After reading several other authors who I felt needed an editor to shorten their books by about 200 pages, it was truly a pleasure reading a book whose words and pages consistently urged me forward wanting more. Now that I finished the book, the biggest problem is waiting for the next one.
 This is an excellent novel.  I like Dan Brown and his style of writing.  I never realized our own country, the United States of America, had such an interesting and mysterious history.
 I ordered it by mistake.....didn't really like it the first time I read it......only read a few pages and deleted it..
 My expectation...no fault of book.  I carried the book with me on a long bus tour.  Content too deep for interrupted reading.
 Awesome. Stirs the imagination.
 OK
 Dan Brown really forces the dialogue in this novel, and I found it to be disingenuous. Interesting historical references, but would not pay for this again.
 A little far fetched, but great plottwist in the end to redeem some of the weaker points in the novel.
 Dan Brown delivers another Robert Langdon novel that kept me reading and guessing.<br/>His imagery and level of suspense make this novel a candidate for another movie.
 Absolutely unputdownable.  I love all Dan Brown's books. He obviously does intense research, as I tend to Google references for better understanding.
 Back in 1980 Lester Hayes, Fred Biletnikoff, and other NFL players used a product called "Stickum" to keep from dropping the football. Somehow Dan Brown has come up with the literary equivalent of that substance. Once this book is in the reader's hands it is very hard to drop. Mr. Brown has given protagonist Robert Landon another challenge . . . and lives are at stake! The inability to determine friend and foe makes this dash through Washington, DC, and the deciphering of the coded Masonic-related symbols within the city, a "breath-holder" from the prologue to the story's explosive climax.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown's ability to eloquently and delicately blur the lines between fact and fiction made this writer travel to the nation's capital to see what was real and what was not and to, at least to some degree, experience the thrill of the chase.
 If you liked the Davinci Code than you will definitely enjoy The Lost Symbol. Great story about the hidden messages and codes in our  nations capital full of suspense and intrigue.
 Dan Brown is a wizard. Another great read
 It kept my interest all the way through.  I read it in two days.  I would recommend it to anyone that likes a fast paced novel.
 I received this book in a timely manner and in excellent collection which was great because it was a gift for my husband. It even smelled new. Thank you!!
 Amazing read.. Couldn't stop
 It seems that some people have the inability to understand this book and all of Dan Brown's books are fiction.  Why do people continue to say or believe otherwise?<br/><br/>I found this story riveting and entertaining.  For the first time in a while I could not put the book down. Dan Brown`s use of a well known city and it's landmarks draws us in to a story that appears to have a considerable amount of truth, but little actual truth.  This is the true sign of both why people enjoy his work and find it to generally be good fiction.<br/><br/>I think many have enjoyed this and many more will come to enjoy it also.
 A classic tale of Robert Langdons adventures. Female companion included. Plenty of suspense and historical background to keep you interested
 Dan Brown once again titillates his reader's intellect while distracting him/her with a thrilling sequence of fictional events.  Brown seems to have further developed his world-renowned faculty for juxtaposing the quagmires of history with the cliffhangers and enigmas of the modern world.  The Secret Code is a "must read" for the new-age, avant-garde bookworm.  Brown is by no means a paragon of the literary realm, but with an intriguing tone and crptic style he excels upon the reader's cognizance. Brown's The Lost Symbol is a successful attempt to awaken the masses from the deep slumber of social and cultural relativism.  Freemasonry in America, ancient mysticism, and noetic sciences are all unique in themselves, but woven together make for a much more interesting tale.
 I read all off Dan Brown's other books.  This is as good as the others, but reads more like The Da Vinci Code than Deception point. I would highly recommend this book if you are a Dan Brown Fan.
 A perfect summertime read when reading heavy, serious books has worn you out.  Thoroughly enjoyable, chapter by chapter!  Looking forward to the next one!
 Dan Brown keeps me hooked by mixing fiction with historical truths....love it!  Can't ever put the book down. Well done.
 5 stars.  I had heard a lot aout this one but just now read it.  A real page turner.  I highly recommend
 I love this kind of mystery novels that make references to other themes, like symbolism, paintings, writers, etc. Perfect for a plane, bus, train ride.
 obvious, forced.
 Loved and enjoyed reading this book
 This is an exciting great book! Hey must-read! Especially if you love Dan Brown. A real page turner you just can't put it down!
 I liked the history of the mason s.  The implications of the president s and how all of the good guys lived
 Not as gripping as his previous novels. But well researched and plotted. And lacked clarity towards climax. A good read..
 Typical Dan Brown
 I am not going to go into great detail over my displeasure of this book. I would like to recommend that you not waste your time reading this. There are many great books out there, and this is not one of them.
 Good book
 I found it difficult to put the book down expecially since I worked and lived in the Washington area for 30 years before retiring to Nebraska.  As a result, I knew almost all the landmarks, residential areas, streets, and parks mentioned in the book.  And to top it off, I lived close to the Masonic temple in Alexandria, VA on the blue/yellow subway line !!!  I rate this book outstanding and I can see why it took Dan Brown 5 years to research and write this convoluted book.  Thanks you.  Les
 Fun to read, exciting for 80% of the book, but last 20% gets rather tiresome and boring.  But, all in all, it was fun to read... just don't expect that it will end strong.
 I've read and enjoyed all of Dan Brown's previous books, especially the DaVinci Code. The only thing that could keep me even continuing to read this book was Brown's detailed descriptions of the Masonic symbols.  Other than that; the science, the plot, the character interaction, combined to make this one of the most quickly forgettable books that I've ever read.  I will anticipate Brown's next book with far more trepidation than I did this book.
 Quick and easy read by a favorite author!  I most highly recommend it as I would any Dan Brown book.
 Dan Brown delivers again. Another excellent thriller and it is entertaining. If you like the genre or Dan Brown, you will enjoy it.
 Dan Brown is an exceptional novelist who doesn't cut corners! I absolutely love his character, Robert. I'm off to read Inferno now!
 One of the best of Dan Browns'.  At first I was worried it was a National Treasure knock off.  I was wrong, amazing read.....
 Keeps you on the edge of your seat until the very end, suspenseful, just as good as The DaVinci Code.
 Good quick read.<br/>Fast paced short chapters.<br/>Semi predictable with a few twists.<br/>Solid Dan Brown novel.
 I recently read Dan Brown's new thriller novel, "The Lost Symbol."<br/><br/>I promise not to reveal any plot twists or surprise endings. However, I will say that there was only one plot twist that I found truly surprising, and that is indicative of my feelings about the book as a whole.<br/><br/>In the interests of full disclosure, I've always found Mr. Brown's thriller writing to be workmanlike, the product of a studious journeyman rather than the output of an accomplished master of the genre.<br/><br/>To give credit where credit is due, he absolutely has figured out the formula for commercial success, and I, for one, am not going to denigrate him for making the choice to pursue that path rather than die penniless on a park bench in fruitless pursuit of artistic purity.<br/><br/>His current work, "The Lost Symbol," will undoubtedly be a large commercial success and be made into another blockbuster movie. The upside is that discounted sales of the book may increase brick-and-mortar retail book store foot traffic and online referred book activity, thus driving sales of other titles. And in today's publishing market, that would be a very good thing for all involved.<br/><br/>However, no amount of marketing millions will change "The Lost Symbol" into the thriller it could have been with one simple change. Merely by deleting somewhere between 30 and 50 percent of its content, "The Lost Symbol" would be a much better book.<br/><br/>What 30 to 50 percent of the content should be deleted? It is the same 30 to 50 percent of unrelated content that ruined the later titles of Tom Clancy, another thriller writer who lost his way.<br/><br/>There seems to be a law of the universe at work here that states, "Once a writer earns a few million and begins to believe the accolades of their fans and the brilliance claimed in their publisher's press releases, the writer feels entitled to preach rather than teach, cajole rather than captivate and provide indoctrination rather than insight."<br/><br/>What Mr. Clancy and Mr. Brown share in this regard is they are no longer writing books to entertain and perhaps, just a little, educate; they are writing books to advance a very specific agenda. While topics such as social politics, sexual politics or belief systems have long provided conceptual and foundational elements of drama and storytelling; they are best used, and by far most effective, when they are used as plot and character development elements, not topics of shrill and unrelenting browbeating.<br/><br/>No matter how much I or anyone else may agree or disagree with the subject of Mr. Clancy's, Mr. Brown's or any other thriller writer's latest pet cause, the inevitable result of filling a large portion of a thriller novel with material that is more about advancing that cause than advancing the plot is a much weaker work and a diminishment of the genre as a whole. The purpose of a thriller is to thrill, not to indoctrinate.<br/><br/>While it is almost certain that authors who pass over the tipping point of believing they are uniquely suited to lead the masses towards enlightenment regarding their particular cause du jour do so in good faith; they are, when viewed objectively, much more likely to slip into the category of the Minister of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda. That's a title most people would shun, since it is shared with another writer of novels and plays, the PhD. and thought leader, Paul Joseph Goebbels.
 Although not as good as previous titles, The Lost Symbol still has it's jaw dropping moments and clever puzzles. Recommend to read it.
 Went on way to long. Way to many words. However the basic ideas were very interesting.
 Great book.  Dan Brown has a wonderful gift for story telling that keeps you fully engaged and unable to put it down.
 Thea is A very good book but is not for beginners. Parts of the book is very complicated with A lot of technical words.
 I love his books.  This one grabs you as soon as you open it, and keeps your eyes glued until the last page!
 but loved this book  - i usually read self-help books (Live Like A Fruit Fly - just got it on amazon - simply awesome) - but Lost Symbol was intriguing and even addicting...
 Great book. Couldn't put it down!!!
 Wonderful
 Great quick read, I couldn't put it down.  Robert Langdon stories are so fun, I can wait to read Inferno.
 Lots of interesting facts as well as a taut thriller.  If you liked Dan Browns other books, you will like this one.
 It was hard to put this book down.  I love Dan Brown's books but get a little confused by all the jumping around.
 Dan Brown does not disappoint in this novel. The historical facts and artifacts coupled with the story make this an excellent read.
 I enjoyed the book.  I did not find myself loving it the way I did Da Vinci Code.  First off there is not as much romantic interplay between science and the arts as in the other book......and for the average person "Noetics" is kind of beyond our kin.  It almost seemed like Mr. Brown was trying to make amends towards Christianity and the Bible.  Perhaps trying to convince us that he believes in God?  I honestly don't know how much of what he presents about Freemasonry is correct but it did make for a good story. Also we did not find out anything new about the main character which is frustrating.
 Truly enjoyed the book bar the end as that sightly let it down, when caricatures just kept on going even after just having been so close to death, this made it a bit unbelievable.
 There were so many technical errors that I found it difficult to read (had I not purchased it I would have given up very quickly).  Apparently neither the author nor the publisher found it necessary to talk to someone who knew something about computers or physics.  Moreover, the CIA is constrained by law from operating within the U.S.  I expected much better from Brown.  Had I read this prior to "Inferno" I never would have read the latter (nor anything else by the author).<br/>RJC
 Good start in the book, and looks interesting. But i falls quite flat the more you read, and the ending is quite disappointing.
 Or buy 6pack of beer. 15 more words required... Which is far to many after reading such piece of crap.... Lorem ipsum...
 While it was entertaining, it was not at the level that I expected. It seems Dan had to actually stretch himself this time and try to make the publishers happy.
 Nice book. Little long
 Looks like Dan Brown skipped writing the book and went straight to the screen play for a ho-hum movie. With any luck Tom Hanks will turn it down.
 Sorry, but it was too verbose for me.  I tended to skip pages because they seemed too wordy.  If I was confused, I would always come back.  Sorry, but this book was boring.
 This is a very interesting book. Since I received this book I could not put it down. I highly recommend this to all readers.
 A lot of people will say they'll wait for the movie or the DVD.  I wasted my money on the book (Kindle Edition) and barely made it half way through.  It's now residing in my list at Amazon, maybe I'll get it back some day when I'm really bored....wait, I'd have to be really bored to do that.  My recommendation would be..just forget you ever heard of the book, the movie can't be any better.
 Great story, not better than angels and demons just as good as the da Vinci code. Dan brown has done it again!
 Definitely not deserving of the NY times top 10. The story starts off slow, picks up a little bit and then goes down hill. Brown was stretching, especially at the end of the book, to get as many Masonic "symbols" into the book as he possibly could. It was a "mystery" book that you could stop reading at any point and not wonder how it ended.
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books and have found each one to be educational as well as a good, solid read, the kind you lose sleep over.  I agrees that he is not the best writer but I find him no more formulaic then Steven King or Michael Crichton. I think his books do lack a good editor; one that will insist on paring out the irritating summery review that is generally reserved for serialized writing where there may be a delay in reading the next section, so the reader requires a reminder.  That being said, the book was engrossing and the riddle tantalizing.  I really love the mixture of real places, organizations, rituals and scholarly writings.  As in all his books, my curiosity is peeked, sending me to Google to do additional research.  I am always amazed at what I learn.  I recommend this book for everyone to read, though there is some startling brutality for the tender of heart.  No worse than everyday TV though so do not let that hinder you.  This book is entertaining and makes you think, as it have at least 3 layers of understanding.  If you have "ears to hear" you will read it in one setting.  I listened to the unabridged CD audio version first, missing out on the helpful diagrams and pictures found in the book.  The audio version was fairly well done and at one point I was sitting in my car for 20 minutes, unable to disembark until the current predicament was resolved.  Buy them both and Enjoy!
 I had read Dan Brown's previous novels and was looking forward to his latest one. It did not disappoint me. Once I started it, I could not put it down. His attention to detail and complicated plot line were so compelling that I was under his spell from the very beginning. Having spent time in Washington, DC I was able to picture the structures he described as if I were there. Thank you for the interesting ride, I enjoyed it!
 I love Dan Brown's work, especially when you have the pictures of symbols, buildings, and documents included to support the story.  The illustrated version always helps to clarify what is being explained in the story, like when Robert Langdon is explaining his knowledge of symbology.  I highly recommend this book!
 Great read
 The Lost Symbol has got to be the worst book I have ever read.<br/>It is the last Brown book I ever read.  You know your in trouble when their is a<br/>status bar telling you how exited you should be as your reading the book.<br/>Lame.
 Disappointing after reading The DaVinci Code.  The book could have ended a hundred pages sooner.
 I ordered this book from a seller that had, at the time, an excellent rating.  He received my money, but the book was never received.  This book was to be a gift.  As a result, I have had to file a claim against the seller (I contacted him 3 times and received no response) and repurchase the book to send myself.  This time I bought the book at Target.  I will never again order from anyone except Amazon itself.  This has been a real hassle!  I had to give this transaction a star, but it deserves NO stars!
 Keeps you on the edge of your reading nook!!!! Symbols secrets and twists will lead you down a path of confusion and then the light will be shown to you.
 I have to agree with a lot of the other posts about the book being predictable and seems like a recycling of characters from the two previous books.  I won't go into detail as the other posts as they have pretty much covered most items I happened to note.  The book is "okay" but wasn't worth the hype and "pre-order" mania that preceded it.  DB needs to develop a different storyline since this one was pretty predictable.
 Okay to read. Not one of Dan's best.
 Dan Brown captivates you on this riveting journey through our nation's capital! Really enjoyed the historical references and details about some of our most renowned monuments.
 I'm a bit disappointed that so many reviewers focused on comparative criticism, although it isn't too likely that many _Lost Symbol_ readers are reading Brown's work for the first time.  I did find the book almost impossible to put down thus finding Brown a genius at motivational creativity.  However, I did get lost in the minutiae occasionally.  As I read, I could see the movie unfolding before my eyes.  Whether or not this was Brown's intention is moot.  As a recent, first time visitor to D.C., I am pleased to have visited so many key places and could refer to our travel photos to return there along with Langdon et.al.  I did correctly identify of the villain and the rationale.  It is a stand-alone novel, and great fun.  I find all of Brown's work pure pleasure and quite compelling.
 I know he must have worked really hard to creat this work.  but, it just goes on and on and on.  maybe would have been a better short story,<br/>tom
 Loved it! Dan Brown keeps you wanting to read more.
 It's  ok, but somewhat tedious.
 Love love loved it! Dan Brown does it again!! Couldn't put it down! Filled with mystery and suspense with amazing twist after twist. Can't wait for a movie
 Gripping, edge of your seat thrill ride with so many twists and turns!!!
 Another great writing work by Dan Brown...always intriguing, always engrossing, always captivating, love his work!  More Please...<br/>The Lost Symbol
 The book is very nice and in perfect condition. The only complaint is that the book is much larger than I expected it to be compared to the original copy.
 Definitely the best in the Robert Langdon series.  Several twists and turns that I didn't see coming made the story exceptionally interesting and compelling.  And the fact that the story takes place in the U.S. Capitol really "brings it home" for me and made it all the more enjoyable!!
 Dan Brown has written a novel in a similar vein to Angels and Demons and DeVinci Code, with an unexpected twist at the end. It has lots of symbology and twists and turns to keep the reader engaged. I liked this book better than DeVinci Code, but not as well as Angels and Demons. The book has a healthy dose of Dan Brown's philosophy about life which is in your face too often. All in all it was an excellent read.
 We bought this book for my brother-in-law for christmas and I was pretty jealous giving it to him because this special edition was way better than our hard back book we have.  The story itself is so good and keeps you engaged the whole time, it is a pretty intense read, if you love action you will love this book!  I highly suggest purchesing the special edition over the regular book because the pictures give you greater insight as to where they are and what symbology they are talking about.
 Great
 DAN BROWN IS A EXCELLANT WRITER. HE HOLDS YOUR ATTENTION FROM START TO FINISH. YOU NEVER WANT TO PUT HIS BOOKS DOWN.
 Plot is pretty much the same as the other books. Felt like I was just re-reading one of the the previous ones.<br/>Don't bother.
 Just a repeat of the previous stories nothing new or great in the book so it really is just a change of scenery
 Loved the book! It was really a wonderful read and the historical information weaved into the storyline is truly amazing.
 It kept me wanting more. The story brings you in so you feel as though you are standing next to Langdon as he is moving through the story.
 I have enjoyed all Dan Browns books.  I have a hard time putting my kindle down because every chapter ending is a cliff hanger.
 The information that Dad Brown put in his books make you think, it htat a fact or did he take a fact and expand on it.<br/>It was long and detaled, but in did like it!
 Unexpected  ending. I've read the Davinci Code and Angels and Demons. So far this book has been incredible with a twist. Next book is Inferno
 It was good, but unlike his other books, it dragged a bit. There was too much that was restated over and over. The story line was great, as usual, though.
 Great book, I could not put it down from my hands, but the ending was disappointing, I enjoyed Da Vinci Code much more.
 I rarely write reviews of books I dislike, but I don't want people to waste their money on the hardback edition of this.<br/><br/>I liked The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons, and even Deception Point and Digital Fortress. This book, however, jumped the shark.  I figured out the major plot twist a third of the way into the book, and fell asleep 3 times during the last chapters of the book, when all the big reveals happen.  It was THAT boring.<br/><br/>Brown took his formula one book too far.  If I said anything else, it would involve spoilers, and I hate to do that.  This is a HO HUM book if I ever read one.
 It was a great read.
 I am in the middle of this book right now and its pretty much excited. It give me what i expected/was used to from previous books with Mr.Langdon. I can recomend for everyone who loved Mr.Browns books.
 I am a fan, but this book is a dog!<br/><br/>Don't bother folks, get his first two books: "Digital Fortress" and "Deception Point." Everything else--yes, including "The Da Vinci Code"-- from those has been a decrescendo of inspiration.<br/><br/>For truly great, entertaining reading, try anything by Arturo Perez-Reverte, and donate this Brown puppy to your nearest Salvation Army store so they can make the $.50 cents on re-sale.
 It's not as good as the DaVinci Code.  It proceeds with the same style, a similar plotline, very familiar characters, and not much momentum.
 as always his novels are breathtaking - once you start reading you can't put the book down.  You feel you are part of the story.
 As usual with Dan Brown, the story is very captivating and informative.  I can't wait to read his next book!
 I titled this "Another Masonic Novel" since there have been so, so many novels written recently using the secrets of the Masons as a story line.  I would have expected Brown to come up with a new group, even if fictitious, to build his story around.<br/><br/>That said, the novel is well written and, thank goodness, well proofed.<br/><br/>I found the characters interesting and the plot twists to be well chosen and well placed within the book.<br/><br/>I think he could have worked a little harder on the ending and given us one more twist.<br/><br/>Still I rated it four stars since it was a very enjoyable reading experience.
 Great read, couldn't stop reading.  I have read Dan Browns previous books of this series and can't wait to read Inferno.
 I don't know what else to say about this book, but that I can't stop reading it. As soon as I am done in the next day or so, I am ordering another Dan Brown Novel.
 If you're just looking for entertainment, this is the best you can get. Won't get you thinking though
 The Lost Symbol has my favorite antagonist in a Dan Brown book
 As good as the others in this series. If you like his other books you will like this one too
 Well-written book. Excellent storyline. I really enjoyed the factual content tying it to reality. Quick read as well. Thanks Dan
 My husband wanted this book; he enjoyed it very much...maybe for his birthday he'll get another Dan Brown book! I'll check it out!
 I love any of Dan Brown's books....especially the Robert Langdon  series. He is a FANTASTIC WRITER.  Can't  wait to read<br/>his next novel  INFERRNO
 While I enjoyed the book and the writing, the editor needs not to be afraid of fame and learn to reduce the repetition.  The story just dragged in parts that should have been cleaned up and the experience would have been much more enjoyable.  I'll not be so quick to buy his next book.
 Waste of money and a complete waste of time, one of the most poorly written books i've read. Very dissapointed.
 I bought this paperback edition of the Lost Symbol; everything is OK but I would prefer a smaller size like the previous books of Dan Brown which takes less space while travelling.
 Great book, as i saw someone mentioned earlier it makes me want to go back to DC and while reading , had Google right there with me looking up information, looking at pictures that the book referred too. It was ans awesome reading. Took me a little longer than two days because i had to work and stuff but i would recommend it to any one , even if your not much of a reader, get to this one before the movie comes out . It would be worth the read!
 A fun read.  I'm not sure the book needed to be this long.  I borrowed a friends copy and hubby and I read it.<br/>He wanted one for his library, so we stole our friend's copy and bought her this new one.  She's happy.
 I think most of the Dan Brown fans were chomping at the bit to get their paws on The Lost Symbol. A book about the Masons and the founding fathers' showing the way to unity of spirit.<br/>The book starts with a bang - Our friend Robert Langdon is called to sub for an old friend Peter Solomon for a speech at the Capitol! A private jet is sent, limo takes him to the spot he needs to be, but - there is nothing there and nothing scheduled that evening!<br/>As Langdon is trying to figure out what the deal is - they find a hand of a man wearing a 32nd Degree Masonic ring literally staked to the floor - with a call for Robert Langdon who immediately recognizes the hand as his friend and mentor Peter Solomon. Yikes!<br/>What a brilliant start to a book. As a matter of fact the events of the book proceed in an amazingly fast and furious pace, then get stymied in Katherine Solomon's (Peter Solomon's brilliant sister) secret experiments. Her work is very important to the book, but not fully explained, so it tended to slow the action down. The experiments are later explained and that is a WOW moment.<br/>As Katherine and Landgon team up to find her brother and see what the code of a package Solomon had given Langdon long ago.<br/>They are dealing with security agencies clashes - who are the good folks, who are not to be trusted?<br/>There were sections of Symbol I reread - specifically where Langdon is trapped in a box and liquid is starting to fill up and will drown him if he doesn't give info to the bad guy. What is described afterwards is fascinating and I marvel at Brown's descriptions of Langdon's experiences.<br/>I have to admit when I go to DC next month I will watch the various places mentioned in the book with a different eye. Clues hidden in pain view.<br/>From our currency to buildings.<br/>The pace starts up and secrets are revealed proving those Masons and the ones who controlled things back then when Washington DC was being built were plain amazing.<br/>Where The Lost Symbol is not my favorite Dan Brown book, it is another thriller in the works with the makings of a great film.<br/>So many theories, so many things to think about, you will be wondering about this book for a long time to come.
 The Lost Symbol was another one of Dan Brown's page turners The ending, however, was flat and disappointing.  The villains identity was a shocker.  But much of the book itself was praise and adoration for the Masonic Lodges.  After reading it I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to anyone.
 Outstanding with many twists and turns to the plot.  With a surprising ending. One learns a lot of facts during the read
 Couldn't put it down. Kept moving and was totally surprised at the ending. You will not be disappointed with this book.
 I've enjoyed all of the Dan Brown books that I've read. This one falls in the middle somewhere. Overall, a good read.
 It is a real good book, I will read it again in the future. I recommend it for a must read.
 Once the characters were set and the story lines got moving in typical Dan Brown fashion it Rocked to conclusion.
 Very  good
 Fantastic story. Ending not good enough for story though.
 Friends: If you love Dan Brown as much as I do, OF COURSE you want to read this book and it is a great story and a "great ride" so to speak. But when it all comes to an end, if you are like me, you will say to yourself: "WHAT? That is what all this was about!" WHAT A DISAPPOINTING and very preachy ENDING. DAN: If you are listening? What the hell is wrong with you?
 Awesome read...loved every word of it!!
 This was a good follow on to the other Robert Langdon books !  I read it on my Kindle, which Amazon did a good job with the electronic version.  As with all the other Dan Brown books, read it as entertainment !
 The book was action packed... but the plot kept hinting at more... in the end I'd already predicted the "more" and it was kinda flat.  The highlight of the book for me was learning about the traditions of Freemasons and who they were. Also there were some incredible science/research mysteries that I will definatly want to hear more about! Bottom line, it was a good book, better if it hadn't followed Divinci Code. Looking forward to the next one Dan!
 As usual it was one comes to expect from Dan Brown, a sit down on a Sunday and read it cover to cover.
 I can't believe the one star reviews, but I understand that it may not be 5 stars. Is Dan Brown a formulaic writer? Yes, without a doubt. Is the formula good? I think so. You don't sell that many books if they are no good. The bottom line for me is that is may not be a classic with staying power and I am not inclined to read it again, but while I was reading it I didn't want to put it down. It is a thriller novel, and for what it is I think it is great.
 I would definitely recommend this book. In fact as soon as I received it I read it. It was fantastic!!
 Like any of Dan Brown books it have another mystery when you think you have solved it. Love his books
 Good book.  Like most of his work.  It was gripping and his character development was very good.  I would recommend it.
 Fantastic story and hated putting it down once I started it. I'm looking forward to now reading Inferno. Dan Brown books never disappoint me
 The writing was great, Dan does a great job writing from multiple perspectives and keeping the energy high.  It seemed that the last 1/3 of the book turned into a preachy education on Masonic beliefs.  Though interesting and thought provoking I could have done without.  The lies in the theology of man truly being God is the same lie from the serpent in the beginning.<br/><br/>I would recommend to people interested in a fast read that holds your interest.
 The author has done a very fine job and it is hard to decipher between the facts and the fiction in many instances. It is exciting to read and awaiting the outcome is suspensful.
 Lo.ve the way dan Brown write!  Loved this book..I am sure that I will recommend it to my friends in my book club.
 I genuinely enjoyed reading this book. The historical aspects mixed with fictional scripts made this a fascinating read. I would recommend this for everyone.
 I found it a bit boring in some areas but over all not a bad book. Had a good twist to it.
 I'm not a fan of murder mysteries, but I couldn't put this one down.  Fascinating and fast-paced.  Fun to read.
 we love this book, as well as Dan Brown's other works.  This book is keeping us in suspense.  Love it!
 A bit convoluted. And as stretch of the mind........
 In Dan Brown's previous books he did a great job of blending history with the story at hand. This book felt more like two books forced together. You read some dialogue, then have to read a five page history lesson, then back to dialogue. I found myself zipping past the history lesson and looking for dialogue to at least follow just the story. It wasn't a horrible book, but not what I was expecting from Mr. Brown based on past experience with his prior novels. If you are new to Dan Brown, skip this and read his earlier works. If you have read the others, know that the story line is much like prior books, in fact at several points his main character even points out that the event at hand is just like events in prior novels. The ending is REALLY over long; ultimately I put the book down because I didn't care that the bad guy was out of the picture and why. The characters kept going on like a pack of kids with ADD. I just wanted to escape. The Symbol is lost; let's keep it that way.
 Thought it was a good book. Keep my interest.
 Great read with a nice spiritual message at the end.
 A very fun read.  Typical Dan Brown novel with a number of twists and unexpected turns. I can easily recommend this book
 Good set up with a hollow finish<br/><br/>Dan brown t<br/>Tells a very good tale but this was nowhere near as good as his first two in the series
 Lots of twists, turns and reveal-ations in the book! Great page turner and the reader can't wait to see what happens next!
 another good book keep you guessing till the end and the information are interesting since i am not a writer myself i will not spoil the book trying to explain
 This book opened my mind to what I believe.  Great book and I can't wait to read the book inferno
 Intellectually stimulating. Found the story line parallel to life events. I would recommend this Author and book to other friends and family.
 If you enjoy his other books you will enjoy this one as well. Quick read and books always better than movies.
 As with every novel by him, it was very enjoyable and you just want to keep reading, now I can start with Inferno...<br/><br/>Finally!
 Very informative. A great read. I was held in suspense, my heart rate increased with each twist and turn.<br/>Awesome!
 Pretty good reading.
 Great book as is all of Dan Browns work
 A great read, as a Mason the book kept my attention . I enjoyed Browns use of symbols and science as it related to Freemason
 Mr. Brown has created a real page turner. Although the Lost Symbol stretches plausibility in some cases, the basic story line is very good. It really commands the reader's attention. Although I'm not a 33rd degree Mason, he seems to make fun of the Masonic rituals for the 33rd degree. The casual reader would enjoy this book and also be motivated to visit the buildings in Washington DC both Masonic related and others.
 Another enjoyable romp for Professor Langdon. Suspend disbelief and just enjoy this page-turner
 This book is a great read, its thrilling and keeps you on edge. If you like Dan Brown this is the book to read.
 Thank you.  Met all my expectations.
 Really thought provoking book - well written. Love Dan Brown - have recommended to others who like books that get the mind thinking.
 fast pace from beginning to end.
 I liked the DaVinci code, even with it's unrealistic plot line the subject matter was eye opening and interesting.<br/>This book however, the plot is just ridiculous. The characters seem like the same characters from Da Vinci, especially the bad guy. I thought 2 of the major 'twists' in the book were completely predictable. (location of the mysteries and who the bad guy was).<br/>Subject matter was interesting - D.C. Sites, history and Masons. I thought maybe the ending would justify how painful it was to read most of this book but I was very very disappointed with the end.
 This book is a great read! I knew it would be and I have not been disappointed. It took longer than I expected to be shipped to me due to the third party company, but it was worth it!
 I have read many of his books and really like this one--can hardly put it down--not getting much work done.
 It's Dan Brown what more can you say!  I've read everyone of his books and can't wait for his next one.
 Very fast  moving story . good plot book should have ended with sons death  the last two chapters very slow let  down  mike Hoplight  Sanborn NY
 Great book, ending drug out after they got what they were looking for
 This is another sell binding book by Dan Brown, and a convoluted plot, is gripping story, and a twist at the end, a great read.
 Great book. If you like Dan Brown you should buy this book.
 This felt like the DaVinci code, except it was set in the US.  Felt like the same formula, just replayed.  I was bored, and disappointed...
 Loved it more then any of his others.  Read it and research it yourself.  The stories about our contries landmarks are realy true.
 This was a page turner!  I started this less than a week ago and just couldn't put it down. Can't wait to read Inferno.
 I have enjoyed the books in Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code series, but am unlikely to buy a 4th if one comes along.  Brown's pacing is good, and the book is a fun read, but I never really bought in to the underlying premises.  The story and situations seemed contrived, and the mythology seemed forced.  In the end, I found myself thinking, "Really?  That's it?".<br/><br/>Worth reading, but pick it up at the Library and read it for free.
 I love this book.  It's one of my favorites.  I love Dan Brown anyways.  I hope he writes more books.
 I enjoyed reading about Masonic and Washington DC history, but didn't think the over all plot was very exciting. The ending was a total let down.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books and I read most of them before he was famous for Da Vinci.<br/><br/>I wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing the latest novel. Don't get me wrong, it's an exciting well paced read. My problem with the book is I've read the plot before. The only thing that changed was some of the characters, plot location, and a different symbol mystery. Otherwise it was very predictable.
 Its a great Robert Landon story. Yet another thriller by Dan Brown
 Dan Brown has run out of gas or rather he has run out of writers to plagarize as he did in The DaVinci Code where he took Holy Blood, Holy Grail almost verbatim and breathlessly exposed each of its' revelations as his own. While I thoroughly enjoyed that effort, this one leaves me cold. The plot is like a "Mad Lib". All the elements of DaVinci Code are present; the names and places are changed. We waited how many years for this?
 It's agreat book!  I really enjoyed the reading, and would definitely recommend it to others who enjoy Dan Brown books.
 If Dan Brown was not Dan Brown there is no way this book would have been published.  The writing was very poor the story was absurd and the ending was nonsense.  A true waste of time.  Save yourself and pass on this turkey.
 Loved the history and geography that he always makes a part of the plot. Very suspenseful. Couldn't put it down
 I have never been a reader, but I have read now two books by Dan Brown and I have to say I can't put them down. It has made me much more interested in reading.
 I was expecting  a book to keep me on the dge of my seat but instead had trouble keeping my eyes open. There is some action in the last third of the book but I really got turned off by the religious hokum at the end.
 I was waiting anxiously to get my hand on this book on the night of 15th , I pre-ordered it on Kindle and sure enough it arrive promptly at 00:01 AM , I was very pleased with Amazon Kindle delivery but that was only thing good about this book. This is nothing but a re-hash of "Angels &amp; Demons" and "Da Vinci Code"  plus whole bunch of nonsense, third time around Roberts comes across as a pretentious teacher and symbols and clues feel like made up , book labor through 500+ pages just to end with a complete dud . I would like to write more but I don't want to spoil it for anyone though I wish someone spoiled it for me before I wasted my 10 dollars and time on this.
 This tale is a classic Dan Brown book! The twists and turns keep coming with every turn of the page.
 a good read for those with a bit of esoteric knowledge and interest. For those of you who can connect the dots and read between the lines...
 Dan Brown does it again!  Another well researched and intricately woven yarn that beats all expectations.  He always has a surprising twist at the end of all his stories and this one is no exception.  He has cleared up so many derogitory myths about Free Masonry that it was quite refreshing.<br/>Next rainy day in your neighborhood... grab that hot cocoa, blanket and enjoy a great read.
 Different from the previous ones but just as absorbing ie. difficult to put down. I also liked the New Age angle.
 I truly love the DaVinci Code series. This book is amazing and I love the pictures that it has inside!
 dan brown, glenn meade are all great writers in my mind. book was in good condition and worth the money spent
 I have been a big fan of Dan Brown since I picked up the DaVinci Code almost 5 years ago. I then picked up Deception Point, Angels &amp; Demons to this ... He did not disappoint here too! I think its the part mystery, part fiction, mostly Non-fiction writing. He incorporates a lot of fact into his writing &amp; makes us all crave for the next book, to be released ...next year?
 Up to par for Robert Langdon stories.
 Exciting book, typical Dan Brown, action, adventure and history with a little romance. A nice read, I liked it a lot
 Not the best Dan Brown Novel. Good action in the beginning but the ending was drawn out and a little preachy.
 This is a very disappointing book. The pace is slow and filled with repeating patterns of dialog and plot.  I generally don't expect much from a Dan Brown book and he exceeded my expectations.  When you get to the end of this book, you can't help but wonder why so much was made of this so called 'Secret'.
 A very important book that all should read. Enjoy the novel, but rejoice in the philosophy. Not to be missed
 Good read. Fast paced.
 I started reading this on my kindle the day it came out.<br/>Unlike Angels &amp; Demons I did not find myself thinking about giving up on the book.  It was an entertaining and easy read.  I think people might have set expectations too high for this one.  Some things felt a little choppy, and a little repetitive, but all in all a solid read.
 Excellent.  Keeps you in suspense throughout the book
 Nice copy of a fascinating book; the cover was different but it did say first printing. thanks for fast shipping.
 excellent book
 Intense!
 Dan Brown's research into the mysticism and symbolism of the ancients and the succession through Rosicrucians and Masons into the modern times is amazing. Even his philology connecting words such as Amen to Egyptian gods is informative and fascinating.  These make the book more than a very good thriller and a well-spun tale.  My minor criticisms are that there are several instances where heroes act naively so as to be somewhat out of character, and that some turns of events rely a bit too much on "deus ex machina."  That's ameliorated by its contribution to making it a real page-turner.
 Kept me wanting to know more
 I loved this book. I couldn't put it down. Dan Brown has a way with mysteries of life. After finishing his books I always want to read more about the mystics.
 Tired of the travelogue nature of Dan's writing. His descriptions lack interest in his subject and fail to illicit a responce
 Hard to put down. Easy fast read, another great Robert Langdon story. I can't wait until the movie comes out.
 This was not as good as the Davinci Code. It was a good read but did drag at times. It could have been cut down. The ending was enjoyable.  It just took too long to get there.
 I could barely finish this dull, boring book. It is just a watered down version of DaVinci Code, set in a new location.
 Too much rambling on while there is an emergency,nobody can loose a hand a be as if nothig had hapened a few days later.....
 Although is still enjoy his writing style, I found the plot in this novel to be lacking. The ending was a drag.
 I really enjoyed it! Fun and nice to see local history. I would recommend. Am excited to read Inferno next.
 brilliant
 Very nice condition, unpleasant smell when opening the book
 Book was okay. Kinda had some water stain or somthing making the pages of the book a bit puffy. Took forever to ship to me also
 I must admit that I am a Dan Brown fan.  I loved The DaVinci Code and Angles and Demons.  Yet, this book will not receive the praise from me that the two of those did.  It was interesting and had me on the edge of my seat more than a few times.  It was a good read but I felt like it lasted a lot longer than necessary.
 A little long but worth the read. I loved the symbolism and ties to God. The word of God is the word of man.
 mystery, intrigue, conspiracy, a history lesson, it's everything that made Dan Brown famous. A good read if you like his work.
 A page turner in every sense of the word.  Dan Brown has never let me down when looking for great subjecy matter, mystery and little known facts.
 I love all his books.  They keep be captivated - I find it hard to put it down.  Just bought Inferno.
 This book lived up to Dan Brown's reputation.  The story wants you to keep reading and finding out about real historical events.  The last chapter is great.<br/>The book arrived quickly and in excellent condition.
 Nicely written as always by dan brown. not as thrilling as da vinci or angels n demons. but still pretty good.
 Greatly enjoyed this book. Definitely makes one look at other aspects from different perspectives. Looking forward to more Robert Landon adventure.
 It was an interesting start.  The plot was exciting at times. The ending dragged on and on and I lost interest.
 Perhaps one of the best books I have ever read! I would suggest this book to all of my friends.
 I absolutely loved the DaVinci Code, but this was long, drawn out and almost boring.  The characters were not as personable or worth getting into either.<br/><br/>And I was expecting so much more!<br/><br/>Judy Allen
 I have been a big fan of Dan Brown since The Da Vinci Code.  I made a point of reading his earlier works, all of which I found interesting and thought provoking.<br/>I have awaited release of The Lost Symbol, since hearing that it was forthcoming.  I pre-ordered the book for my Kindle and after receiving it, I really hated putting it down.  Unfortunately for me, my days are fairly busy and my reading is relegated to late evening just before retiring for the night.  I usually read for about one hour, but I had difficulty keeping to that schedule, since I didn't want to stop.  The story grabbed me right from the start and didn't want to let go.  I have read some of the other reviews that were critical of what the reviewers referred to as slow or unnecessary portions of the book.  Perhaps those reviews have some merit, but overall, I found the book to be well written and spellbinding.  Perhaps the best thing about the book is that it is set here in familiar surroundings.  I have been in or around many of the buildings described in the book, and I can't wait to get back to Washington D.C., to explore these locations again
 Great book! Totally thrilling!
 The book was a bit boring and the last part was rather over the top and unbelievable. When you realize that you as father has completely failed and see your son at the end die before your eyes you perhaps have something better to do than guiding people around. Gives a callous impression.
 Great!
 Very enjoyable.  Definitely on par with Angels and Demons and DaVinci Code.
 I was pleasantly surprised by this latest Dan Brown book. Even though the "formula" is the same as his previous two thrillers, I found the exploration of the Freemasons and D.C. setting intriguing. The characters are complex and kept me guessing "who REALLY done it". Probing into the God/human relationship was enlightening as well as the the study of Noetic Science. I say READ IT!
 It was good fun. An emotional ride thats twist and turns through D.C. It's not "War and Peace" and won't win a Pulitzer, but hey, I just liked the fact that it was interesting, exciting, fast paced, and very entertaining. Robert Langdon's character lives on here to help the author fight the forces of darkness. Was I expecting a major revelation from God?  --No, just an escape from all the crap on TV.  Buy the book, or better yet, borrow it from someone who wrote a one or two star review because they won't care if you return it. I am keeping my copy thank you.
 terrible. terrible. Brown should be ashamed. this book is a fairy tale a boring one at that. not what we are expected, a shock to see how low he can go.
 A very entertaining and fast read. Langdon is a character that is enjoyable to follow. Love the Kindle ease of use.
 The book was Hard to put down.<br/>I like his style of writing.<br/> I will read more of Dan Brown's books.
 I loved this book.  It is a typical Dan Brown book where you couldn't put it down.  I made the mistake of reading other reviews before reading the book and one person decided to tell us all about the ending...what an idiot. I guess he thought he was so interesting and intelligent that he kept going on and on about his borish opinion. While reading the book, I kept thinking about the ending.  Luckily, it really didn't ruin it for me. I would recommend this book to those of you who loved the Di Vince Code and Angels and Demons.
 This book arrived promptly and in great shape.  I have not completed reading it, but like all Dan Brown's books, it is intriguing!  Anyway, I couldn't wait for this one to come out in paperback and the price was reasonable at Amazon and it qualified for free shipping.
 i thought it was a very entertaining read and i can not wait for the next one in the series
 There were lots  of interesting things I did not know about Washington DC, our founding fathers, and the US Capital building.
 It was like a scavenger hunt. I liked the concept of short chapters with unknown or incomplete  suspenseful endings.
 Love the RL series, another great book.
 I just loved this book. Fascinating all the way through. I did not find it predictable at all. Just go with the flow and you will enjoy it. And remember people, it's fiction. Brown is a writer of such calibre that one can easily forget that. You get so caught up you start to think this is all real. That is part of the magic. Great fun!
 Very good book, but sometimes he would go into too much detail and history.  I would recommend it to others.
 Story keeps you on the edge of your seat. Love the descriptions and history of the symbols in the Washington Buildings.
 I wanted to thank my two friends for their wonderful support during a very sad time for me, and since they are avid readers I wanted to give them the new Dan Brown book, The Lost Symbol.  Since Amazon offered it so quickly and at such a great discount they were indeed impressed when I presented it to them before they even realized it was available.  Now, I'm hoping they'll let me read it when they're done with it.  I love the convenience of buying things on Amazon.
 Dan Brown never ceases to surprise in his third Robert Langond installment, twists after every page! Extremely hard to put down!
 I never recieved my purchase.  It has been over a month and I need to have my account credited.  I am not happy with this service...
 had my attention from beginning to end. Dan Brown knows how to captivate a reader. Bravo! I can't wait to start Inferno
 The technique is the same as in the DaVinci Code, and a fair amount of unusual information is imparted, but on the whole it seems like Perils of Pauline hokum.  The setting is not particularly fascinating and the subject matter seems like much ado about nothing.
 I absolutely loved this novel! I ended up reading this book to 6 AM one night even though I had 3 college finals exams that day! I couldn't put it down. It has so many interesting aspects to learn from; D.C. architecture, Freemasonry, Noetic Science, and Religious interpretation. I loved every second of it. If you are interested in the previous list, get this book!
 Lost Symbol was a disappointment.  It's as though Dan Brown has conceived only one plot and, when he writes a new book, he changes the characters and the location but it's basically the same book.  This one takes place in Washington DC and, while it is full of interesting tidbits about DC landmarks, the story is repetitve, predictable and formulaic.
 I am really surprised that the average star rating on amazon.com for this book is only three stars. I was really expecting to see at least four stars!<br/><br/>I really loved this book and couldn't put it down. I learnt things I never knew, such as "Amen," used in all three monotheistic religions (Judaism, Christianity, Islam) derives from the Egyptian God Amon. (I really need to look deeper into that.)<br/><br/>Does a wish or a prayer have a mass? Is it something that can be measured? What an interesting concept that is.<br/><br/>This is one of the most interesting books I have read, not to mention extremely entertaining and a definite page turner. I liked this book more than the Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>I like the author's simple writing, and maybe that's what many readers don't like about Dan Brown. He focuses more on the storyline than on developing characters. Many readers didn't enjoy reading `War and Peace,' for example, because the author spends much time on, you guessed it, developing his characters. I prefer a fast-paced book, packed with useful and entertaining facts, than a book that bogs the reader down with too many details. I guess at the end it all boils down to preference. No author can please all his readers.<br/><br/>I am definitely recommending this book to all my friends, and being in the process of forming a book club, this will be our first discussion book!
 i was very disappointed. the writing is strong the story was weak. very few gripping scenes  tedious
 I  have read all of Dan Brown's work and am somewhat disappointed with this one.  I am having a hard getting started and it is just is not up to his usual standards.
 Seams quiet unreal, as you read on it seams inpossible to fil the pages to the ends.<br/>Story keeps carring on.
 a little disappointing after Da Vinci code,
 As always Dan Brown as kept my attention to the point I couldn't put it down!!  Definitly a must Read!
 Worth the $10 for the kindle version. If you liked his other books, it's not going to disappoint.
 I soldiered on till the end, but what a waste of time and paper. Note to Dan Brown - Must do Better
 Spell binding
 Very interesting book, lots of 'interesting' information about Washington, D.C. - makes one want to visit Washington, which we may do.
 Incredible book, highly recommended. It's a fast paced page turner that will leave you rethinking everything you have ever known.
 As usual, never disappointed.
 It doesn't have the same impact on me as the DaVinci Code but it is still a very enjoyable read.
 I loved this book
 Average plot, average writing, average character development, average book. Not sure what the fuss is about...
 Well, all I can say is that I am thoroughly disappointed.  I felt I was being fed answers to FAQs about Freemasons. Though, by comparison to his other books, he did manage to write a slightly passable ending (or maybve  I was just so relieved that the ending had actually come).<br/><br/>I think Dan Brown has worn out his formula and unfortunately his writing has not improved or matured. If anything, it seemed at its worst this time when I felt I was reading a screen play rather than a novel. The combination of these things have made this book fairly unreadable and dull.<br/><br/>That having been said, where was the editor??? No doubt put to sleep by the repetitive formula page after page after page. Never have I skipped so many pages and not lost the plot of a novel. Oh well, certainly a shame.
 THe book started off at a brisk pace and kept me totally interested. Somewhere along the way it got too convoluted and went off in all directions until you were almost dizzy. It became too bizarre , especially the weird tatooed protagonist. Enough is enough, Mr. Brown.
 Brilliant book, keeps you hooked til the end
 I loved it.  I couldn't put it down.  I read it on a long flight to Europe.  It certainly passed the time.
 Gripping and a quick read.
 Amazing book, very entertaining
 If you loved the Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown has done it again he is a truly amazing writer.  Heart stopping moments in almost every page, when your heart isn't stopping you're catching your breath. You also learn so much about history and new technology with Dan Brown's books they're not candy reads........
 Welcome to the real world of mind over matter along with a heart racing scavenger hunt through our own Washington DC.  Written as only Dan Brown can do, this book is filled with fascinating facts about our capital woven into an intriguing puzzle mystery.  There is more to this then just a good adventure story.
 The Best
 Very good read. Lots of history and twists. Dan Brown does it again. Would recommend this to readers everywhere. Great book.
 I don't really understand the negative reviews.  This was a fast-paced, interesting story, that captured the essence of one of my favorite cities perfectly.  I wasn't expecting a DaVinci Code rehash.  This book peaked my interest in the Freemasons, and I will be taking a "Lost Symbol" tour when I go back to D.C. for the winter holidays.  Noetic Science is an amazing study - I got so much more out of this book than anticipated.  It was entertaining, and led me on some research paths.  What more can one ask for?
 Great book
 Good
 A real page turner
 Too many repetitions made that book boring
 .,.,
 It definitely has it's good and bad parts but I would say this is the worst of the first 3 books.
 great book, as expected from Dan Brown.
 Although the book downloaded at midnight on release day I spent 2 days finishing Kathy Griffin's new book. Gossip just won out. Then I got to tear into the Dan Brown book, The Symbol. Although not as good at The Divinci Code (that is a monster to try and follow up with) I found the book intriguing, somewhat fun to read. It kept me interested enough that when I was off to an Emmy Party to watch the show I wanted to listen to it with the Text To Speach option. Turns out the publisher had their issues and chose to keep this option off. (NOTE TO PUBLISHER: the text to speach will never replace a person who does a great reading. The text to speach is adequate for me to listen to for 25 minutes as I travel to a friends house. Past that if I wanted to hear the whole thing I would have bought the audio version. Quit feeling threatened. Start looking at it as a suplimentation to the book and nothing more.).<br/><br/>I can say I am glad I only paid $9.99 for the book though. I look forward to Dan Brown's next book now that he took a huge leap off the cliff of producing something after his monster hit.
 Great read. This book had me hooked right from the word go. Loved every bit of it. I could not put it down!
 I liked the book.  It was long but very much worth the read. Usual Brown but that why I read it.
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books and The Lost Symbol is a fantastic addition to the collection. Dan Brown sticks to the same writing style as his other books so if you were not a fan of any other than you will not be a fan of this one either. However if you do like his other books then you will certainly be pleased to read The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>I love books that carry on with the same characters and build upon them, The Lost Symbol is no exception to this as Robert Langdon continues his journey in Washington, D.C. searching for the Freemasons. Fantastic book, one that I highly recommend.
 Not Brown's best. Slow in numerous places.
 Get super boring after the plot unfolds
 Fair read
 Having read Brown's previous work, I have to say this was a bit of a disappointment.
 Good read
 good
 the book as most of dan brown's was fun to read and as the story progressed was increasingly hard to put down. As a mason myself, it was extremely interesting, and thought provoking. The characters were strong and the story telling made reading fun. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys the hint of conspiracy theory, the thrill of the di vinci code, and surprises through out the novel. Go for it but remember it is still fiction
 well crafted and intriguing
 I found the ending very tedious and boring to read.  Angels and Demons was by far the best of his books.
 Well, there is a plot, but this book is overwritten, boring because it has these long dialogues that go on and on. Brown needs to come back to earth in his next novel. It is less creative than his previous novels.<br/>It feels more contrived. There are some good characters, but it's hard to imagine them as they are slogging<br/>along
 Who knew?  I am a native Washingtonian, as are my parents and grandparents - but never knew the inscription on the Washington Monument.  I worked on Capitol Hill for 15 years and never paid attention to the painting in the Capitol - or it's meaning.  This book is frightening, enlightening and fun.  I think the other reviewers have become so jaded at reading their own reviews and believing they are actual "critics" that they forget the object of reading is escape and fun.  This is a great book and worth the price of admission.
 I'm Japanese.It was very difficult for me to read it in English.But last month ,I got Kindle.So I can read this by using dictionary.
 first 30 pages of the book missing.
 Excellent novel by Dan Brown.
 The Lost Opportunity<br/><br/> In the year 2005, Dan Brown released his fourth novel, The Da Vinci Code. It soon became a world-wide sensation, outsold only by J.K. Rowling's fifth Harry Potter novel, Order of the Phoenix. Still, The Da Vinci Code is one of the most widely read books ever written. Clearly Brown hit on some sort of secret formula of entertainment. The question is, can he do it again? Does his latest novel and Code follow-up, The Lost Symbol, live up to the legacy? Well, yes...unfortunately.<br/>  The first thing one notices about this book is the jacket. Simply put, this book is beautiful. The seal of the Masonic Scottish Rite is stamped in red "wax", directly above the Capitol Building in Washington, D.C., which can be seen through a pyramidal rip in yellowed parchment. Layers of arcane symbols cover nearly every inch of the jacket, and the Washington Monument is visible through a keyhole on the spine. Nearly everything on the jacket has a meaning, including several hidden puzzles that the clever reader can decipher. They say not to judge a book by its cover, but if an exception was made for The Lost Symbol, then it would be a literary masterpiece.<br/>  But who cares how the book looks? What really matters is the story. Every Dan Brown novel centers on a secret society and its, well, secrets. This time it's the Freemasons, a world-wide organization whose roots stretch all the way back to the ancient Egyptians, and whose members range from your grandpa to the President of the United States (pick your favorite, they were all Masons). The Freemasons, however, are not so much a secret society as they are a "society with secrets", secrets that people would kill for.<br/>The story starts with the usual shadowy ceremony, this time a mysterious tattooed man named Mal'akh being inducted into the 33rd degree of Freemasonry (this being the highest possible level). But, of course, Mal'akh has sinister, ulterior motives, as can be deduced by such interior monologues as, "They have opened their doors to me," and "Soon you will lose that which you hold most dear." Despite being something of a cookie-cutter villain, Mal'akh is actually quite terrifying, with an<br/>intriguing back story and a knack for really ruining your day. He's also really full of himself, as can be deduced by such interior monologues as, "I am a masterpiece." Mal'akh does a lot of interior monologues.<br/>The story then jumps to returning Harvard "symbologist" (no, there is no such thing) and lover of turtle necks, Robert Langdon. Langdon receives an urgent call from his old mentor Peter Solomon and is asked to come to Washington, D.C. right away, where he is needed to give an emergency presentation on (whom else?) the Freemasons. He catches the next flight and speeds off. Naturally things don't go too well. One kidnapping, severed hand and sinister phone call later, Langdon is racing against a 12-hour clock to rescue Peter Solomon by solving the Ancient Mysteries of the Freemasons, all for the benefit of Mal'akh.<br/>Brown's work has  been accused of using the exact same template, and The Lost Symbol is no exception. The great thing about The Lost Symbol, however, is that it manages to make a tired formula new and exciting. The tone and pace are tense and urgent as Langdon struggles to sort out the web of deception in order to save his mentor. The situations Mal'akh puts the characters through are nerve-wracking and sometimes disturbing. The puzzles and codes, being Brown's specialty, are excellently crafted and immensely fun to try and solve before Langdon. Then there are the locations. From the Masonic Temple to the Smithsonian Museum, each place that Langdon visits is a real location in Washington, and each is a fantastic set piece described in wonderful detail. Lots of surprising facts are revealed about the nation's capitol city. In fact, the entire story is full of detail that never becomes too overwhelming. There are also some small secrets (try dialing the phone number Langdon is given early in the story) and nods to the fans (a mention of one of Brown's earlier novels) that can be found throughout the story.<br/>It's unfortunate, then, that the worst part is the ending. The Lost Symbol commits the same crime as The Da Vinci Code, by rewarding readers with--well, nothing. After the intense chase across Washington, after the deception and puzzle solving, when the Ancient Mysteries are finally revealed they don't live up to the grand name. The trouble gone through just doesn't seem worth it. Not only that, but the story rambles on when it feels like it should have ended 37 pages ago. The action comes to an abrupt halt, and suddenly the characters begin to wax philosophical. There's nothing wrong with some depth to a story, but the message Mr. Brown tries to convey seems to have been lost in translation. Even Langdon is left scratching his head at the confusing conjecture. It's tempting to recommend that readers simply stop reading after the final confrontation, but that would leave loose ends. It's a disappointing conclusion to an otherwise great story.<br/>The Lost Symbol could have been better than The Da Vinci Code, and in some ways it is; the writing is better, the story is more skillfully crafted (and more historically accurate), and there's lots more action. But it ultimately loses points for an unsatisfactory finish and several pages of pointless rambling. Read the book and enjoy the ride, just don't expect too much at the end.
 No time to stop once he winds you up. A bit of esoteric rambling at the end but a bloody good read.
 Not sure if I liked this book so much because it takes place in a city I know well, or just because Dan Brown is the only author I know who uses so many real-life landmarks and scientific facts that educate and entertain the reader at the same time.<br/><br/>The book includes many, many, references to Washington DC that may not be appreciated by someone who does not know the city, but for me, it made me swell with pride to hear about many of the places I know so well.  Whenever DC comes into contact with hollywood, there seems to be a disconnect, as if the city is too serious of a place to provide any entertainment value.  However, for this book, it is a perfect match.  Dan Brown is exploring much in the book regarding science, religion, faith, and human thought, i.e. serious topics, and so the personality of DC is well matched for the themes he discusses.<br/><br/>Overall, the book was extremely entertaining for me, and I can't wait to re-visit all of the landmarks he cites, although in the new light I will see them, it will probably be like looking at them for the very first time.
 I loved it, could not put it down, kept me guessing until the very end.<br/>Hope there is another one
 I always enjoyed the way Dan Brown writes.  The book flowed smoothly and the details mixed with facts are tremendous.  I actually loved the concept of the book and felt the bad guy was one of the darkest he has created.  But the ending left a feeling with me similar to watching a M. Night Shamalan film.  The ending was not quite there.  Still a great read.
 People are saying this a repeat but i have never read Dan Brown before so I dont know what past books are like. I love thiss tory.One of the best Ive ever read. It seems the DVC and A and D are better so if I read this/ which i love/ and then them it will only get better. Dan Brown is a fantastic writer.
 Amazing book!
 The book is quite an average fare as compared to Browns previous thrillers. Angels and Demons is in opinion one of his best story telling works. Especially Langdons character is not etched properly. He vacillates between being almost omnipotently erudite to being irrationally slow..<br/><br/>I wouldnt recommend spending your $10 on this book..Stay away..
 I read it as quickly as the pages could be turned but was sad that it was so predictable.  I enjoy his books and hope there are more to come.
 Amateurish.  Stupid mistakes and assumptions.  All aspects of the CIA security director are laughable.  The story is so disjointed and ill-conceived that I simply stopped reading the book less than half way through...
 If you liked "Angels and Demons" and "The DaVinci Code" you will enjoy "The Lost Symbol".  First, To really become entrenched in a book there must be a level of believability.  Intertwining actual sites in Washington DC makes me want to retrace the steps that occurred in the reading much like in Dan Brown's previous books.  If you love archeological, mystery-driven, fictional writings laced with a tad of biblical flair, then read away!  The book was very entertaining. I read it in 2 days!
 So the Lost Word is the word...<br/><br/>Big Deal...In the last 10 chapters, I am just glad the read is over...
 I have not received this book yet!!  It has been 2 plus months.  I emailed them about this and they have not answered.  Will not order from this seller again!
 As all Brown books, keeps you on the edge the whole time. Great twists and surprises all the way until the end.
 Enjoyed
 An entertaining read!
 Brown has now written 5 books, only one a success DVC; the rest I would catagorize as pulp bad amateur writing and not worthy of any fiction---historical of otherwise.<br/><br/>In short,400 pages were a re-write so not to name it Solomon's Key, and the next 130 the fake wrap. Wasted money.
 Great read, always loved the twists and turns that Dan Brown takes you through in his novels. Well worth it!
 For the plot... it was fast-paced and preposterous... what's not to like?  Sadly, the last few chapters wander into the abstract metaphysical constructs of the ages, with no more definitive answers than have been attempted since the dawn of time.  Enjoy the ride, but get off before the last stop.
 If you've read a number of Mr. Brown's stories (as I have) you'll notice a haunting similarity. It's the same story he's written at least four other times: a big, mysterious organization (NASA, NSA, Catholic Church  twice]) has the power and will to control the lives of The Little Guy, and someone will figure out what it all really means. Fill in the blanks. *Yawn* Pass on this one and wait for Danny to write a new story in the future.
 This was a Christmas gift, and I'm told she loves the book...another Dan Brown "goodie"!
 The plot reads like it was generated by a computer.  It appears to be a rehash of old themes.  I was disappointed.
 I waited over five years for this book, and could hardly wait to tear the Amazon package open and start reading.<br/><br/>I'm sorry, Dan Brown, but you disappointed me.  It was repetitive, boring, and I have the feeling this may have been Brown's 2nd or 3rd rewrite of the book, and that's why I had to wait all these years.  Not only did National Treasure beat him to the punch, they KO'd him.<br/><br/>What I would really like to see from Brown is an Art History book. I found the Albrecht Durer engraving the most interesting part of the book.
 I didn't read this book with the expectation that it's the most brilliantly written story ever written!  I didn't expect the most brilliant writing.  What I did expect was that I'd be entertained, and I was. Plain and simple.  It was a thriller and a page turner.  It will not make a lasting impression on me and that's fine.
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books. This is my least favorite. The beginning &amp; ending are slow. The middle does have the "can't wait to read the next page" that his other books do. I guess I just had trouble grasping the concept in this book.
 This book on tape arrived quickly and in good condition.  It's a good story but can be difficult to follow at times.
 Dan Brown should join James Patterson, Jodi Picoult and other writers who create the same book time after time, with a genre that does nothing but insult a curious mind.  Perhaps I am guilty of continuing to read what is really written for the uneducated.
 Awesome story<br/>Great tale
 A little hard to beleive at times but a fun read. Just don't take it seriously!
 I am so thankful that I relied on my own instincts instead of the mediocre reviews posted about the Lost Symbol herein. While following up the Da Vinci Code with another Robert Langdon thriller must have been a daunting prospect, I believe that Dan Brown has done so magnificently.  He has provided us with yet another captivating page-turner with a plot line that awakens us to our shared humanity, spirituality, and potential.  Thank you Mr. Brown for such a wonderful and inspiring read!
 The Lost Symbol will keep you on the edge of your seat.  I could not put it down it was so suspenceful.  I have always been interested in the Masons and this book revels a lot of their secrets.  I was intrigued with Dan Brown discription of Washington and had to buy the guide to go with the book. I can't  wait to visit Washington DC to check out some of the buildlings and landmarks mentioned in the book.
 While this book had an amazing plot, suspense, action, and intrigue, the ending fell short. It seemed as if Dan Brown felt his book was getting too long. The book climaxed and ended within what seemed was a matter of minutes. I was disappointed in the ending, however the rest of the book was fantastic.
 Great book
 Book was in perfect condition, just as described....however I was surprised at how well it was able to stay intact considering the awful packing job and the condition of the box it was in when it arrived.
 It kept me engaged.
 This book keeps you thrilled from page 1 till you finish reading it (just when you think you couldn't be surprised again...)
 The book arrived on or before the date due and was in exactly the condition advertised.
 brown has gone overboard. Very little research, fabricated facts, he has completely lost credibility as a history novel author. It is a shame.<br/>I was truly disapointed, to the point I will not read him anymore, and I liked all his other books.
 At the beginning it was OK, first my wife read some but soon put it down, too bloodthirsty!<br/>I hung on but skipped 1/4 of the book.<br/>Too much repetition,again, too much repetition!!!<br/><br/>I don't even want to see a movie of it!!<br/><br/>What a shame, Dan is a loser this time.<br/>Can I get a refund !!!<br/>Michael O'Mara
 The "LOST SYMBOL" was a real page turner up thru about chapter 90 and then turned rather dull with no apparent end in sight.
 Great book.
 If you like Dan Brown's books, this one will not dissappoint. In his usual style, he takes you on a ride through Washington DC that keeps you guessing.  I loved all of the interesting factiods he teaches us about the history of DC and its many facinating buildings.
 I just recieved a new Kindle for Christmas so I wanted to buy "The Lost Symbol" but after reading all the bad reviews I tried it first. I read about three chapters and was hooked. This is a really good book so don't believe all the bad reviews. I haven't finished it yet but it is well worth it.<br/><br/>Enjoy!
 Pretty good
 Great book
 The book came better than discribed and within a reasonable amout of time.  I am very pleased and recommend this seller.
 Great book on CD.  Kept you suprised until the end.  Amazon had great price and quick delivery.
 It was as others have said: bland in comparison to his other works. There were in face entirely too many chapters that we didn't even need to have. Mostly it was predictable, I solved the riddle a few chapters in and was fairly certain that I knew the identity of the villain right away too.<br/><br/>I'm glad that I only paid Kindle price for it.
 This book was a let down after Dan Brown's other books. I wouldn't recommend you buy it, but borrower it from a sucker like me that bought it.
 Very fast paced action, drama, and suspense wrapped around the true story of our founding fathers and their committment to truth and to illustrating that truth in the traditions of the Masonic brotherhood.  As the masons have always illustrated the higher truths in sacred geometries made of stone, so has Dan Brown created the perect mix of history, mystery and mysticism.
 This is one of the worst books I have ever read.  During the last part, I begin to think Dan Brown is suffering from dementia.
 Really good, engaging read
 Non-stop, warp-speed page-turner that is hard to put down.  A thriller.  Unfortunately Brown has written an unnecessary anticlimactic ending which let me down from the high excitement of the book.  But if you like suspenseful, fast-paced novels, go for this one.
 Very good like all of his books. The symbolism was interesting and the characters were complex. Having read his other books, there is definitely a pattern, but it wasn't to the point that I could guess what was coming. Overall very good! The philosophical notes were interesting.
 No comment
 This book came quickly and made an excellent gift. It was also a great deal.
 Not one of Brown's best....
 Far-fetched but entertaining
 Why did the author feel he had to go all "super evil" with his villan.  His other works have been great.  Maybe it's just the trend, and the publishers are saying this is what sells, but I thought it degraded the book from the others.  I was disappointed.  Otherwise an okay book.
 slow ue to history
 Not finished it yet but Dan Brown writes a marvelous/interesting story. Love reading all his books.....waiting for the next one.
 As usual, Dan Brown holds our interest through a less than 24 hour time span of chase, intrigue, mayhem, total disruption of lives and complete surprise for the fantastic ending.  This novel, in my estimation, is on a par with, or slightly exceeds his previous efforts.  Unfortunately, I read the book in less than two days so I will be required to wait for an indeterminant amount of time for his next novel.  Fantastic story-teller and one of my favorites.
   ASIN:0385504225 The Lost Symbol<br/><br/>What led you to pick up this book?<br/><br/>I have seen the advertisements for months and have been looking forward to it.  I have liked Dan Brown's other books featuring Robert Langdon, so I figured this one would be good too.<br/><br/>What did you like least?<br/><br/>There was nothing I really disliked about the book.  The action did seem a little jumpier and did not seem to flow as smooth as in the previous books, but it did not lessen my enjoyment.<br/><br/>Have you read any other books by this author? What did you think of those books?<br/><br/>I have read both of the other books by Dan Brown that feature Robert Langdon.  I have enjoyed all of them.  I love the puzzle solving and the trail that leads the characters from clue to clue to solve the crisis.<br/><br/>What did you think of the main character?  I love Robert Langdon.  He is exactly like one of the professors I wish I had had in college.<br/><br/>What about the ending?  I do think the ending was a little anti-climatic.  This adventure did not seem as involved as in Brown's other books.  I was just wishing for a grander solution than we got.<br/><br/>All in all, I liked the book.  The characters were very well-written and developed. Everyone seemed believable.  I loved CIA Inspector Soto.  Robert Langdon was great, as usual.  His sidekick. Katherine Solomon, is good and solid - but I liked Sophie from The DaVinci Code better.<br/><br/>I do recommend the book if you have liked Dan Brown's previous works, but I would wait for the less expensive paperback.
 i was really lookimg forward to his book but it was just ok.  the pace of the storyline seemed very franatic. not nearly as suspenseful as his first 2 robert langdon books.
 Not nearly as good as the DeVinci Code or his previous books. Seemed to wander
 Excelente!
 Quick paced good read
 What a silly book!  I like escapist reads as much as anyone, but this one was painful.  I only continued reading it because my husband "kind of" liked it &amp; my daughter found it engaging.  It engaged my gag reflex.
 Was looking forward to this for a 'revelation' of Masonic rites and practices.  Dan seems to have bowed to grovelling to the Masons.  A rather long, and convoluted plot with little resolution at the end.  Hopefully his next work will turn in a different direction.
 Secret societies have always intrigued me and Dan Brown's coverage of the Masons fulfilled my appetite to understand this highly secretive organization.  Brown weaves in just the right amount of fact and fiction to keep the pages turning. I found myself "Googling" terms, phrases and organizations mentioned in the book - only to find out that they are all true. I lived in the DC area for 37 years and I thought I understood the city but I will now see it in a new light.
 This was exactly what I had expected, I am a fan of Dan Brown novels and I always look forward to new releases. Once I saw this advertised I had no hesitations of placing and order. I received this faster than I expected allowing me the ability to begin reading. Thank you sincerely.
 Cant believe i waited so long to read this!! Love that the 2nd hand books are already broken in too!
 I love dan brown's books and this one is okay. Not his best book. when the book is about the story it is exciting but when the book stops to tell you about history is becomes like reading a text book. Same plot lines as his other books.
 That is, typically a great and exciting read. Brown has you in his hands from the first chapter and keeps you there.<br/>The only problem I had was getting Tom Hanks out of my head; it took almost a third of the book.<br/><br/>Danny
 Too much boring religious stuff which tended to make it drag, but otherwise a good story and a good read. Right price!
 I just finished reading the "Lost Symbol" and I have to say, this book is nothing like "The DaVinci Code" and<br/>"Angels and Demons".  It was hard to get into, so many repetitions and I was glad when I was done.  It was a bore compared to the other two books.  I truly struggled to get through it,
 I bought this for a friend for their birthday and they were thrilled. I can't comment on the book since I didn't read it.
 I ordered The Lost Symbol from Amazon and received it almost overnight. It was another Dan Brown page-turner. I read it over a weekend. Althogh it stood on its own, having read the DaVinci code was good background for this book.
 I thought the work was too repitous and for the most part boring! I am a great Dan Brown fan but i believe he missed the mark with this one. It will be interesting to see what Ron Howard does with this!<br/>I thought "In the Image of His God" by PJShield (yours truly) a much better read!
 Started off really great, and had a very entertaining pace.  I thought it was a good read.  A bit disappointing at the end.  The author kept leading the reader to believe there was some huge mystery to be solved, and kept dangling the carrot.  But the carrot ended up being somewhat unsatisfying, which is why I gave it 4 stars.
 I've read Davinci Code and Angels and Demons-but this book was my favorite of the three.  I was "hooked" in the first chapter and couldn't stand to put it down until it was finished.  Plus, the message was a good one.
 The book was available at Sams the day of release for the same price you charged except there was no shipping charge.<br/>It is a fast moving tale with very little reality. I can't believe someone can cram a tale of 12 hours into 509 pages.
 I like Dan Brown, this was good, not great, worth the read... great insight into the Masons
 An in depth overview of secret societies rendering them immature and cultish. That part is good, however, Mr. Brown loves intensity and overdoes drama without true character development. No one really cares what happens to anyone of them, and in a movie, play, or book, I like to be able to identify with at least someone.
 I didn't realize how shallow the concept or how overexposed I was to  mysticism in a novel till I read this utterly far fetched and frankly dull book.  Wooden characters who never develop populate this formula piece.  The action is is as ridiculous as in Angels and Demons.  Too many gimmicks, too little substance.  Save your money and time.
 After I read the DaVinci Code, I fell in love with all of Dan Brown's work and I read every book that he has ever written. This is the perfect sequal to his other two DaVinci Code type books. It was too long coming and I hope that he is busy writing another book to keep us enjoying his fantastic work!
 I understand why they skipped this book when making the next movie, its a bit familiar.<br/>Interesting subject, enjoyable read.  No regrets.  I liked it.
 Not a Da Vinci quality, for sure.  Don't waste your money on this one.  If the author edited this one himself, he should never edit another.  If he paid some one to edit this book, he wasted his money.  An utterly boring book.
 This really is a great book.  In my personal opinion, the "theology" is whacked, but I'm strong enough in my beliefs that I don't let it sway me.  Once you get beyond that, it is a great read.  I couldn't put it down.
 This is perhaps the worst. most pretentious book I have ever read. A total waste of money to read the author's silly ideas. It is only because I paid less for the Kindle edition than the hardcover that I take any solace.
 I never got this product and money was taken out of my account.  I am still waiting for my refund
 Unless you feel that you can't live without reading about "secret" Masonic lore, there are hundreds, even thousands of more entertaining books that you could be reading. How about a nice Lustbader or a juicy Ludlow? Yechhh....
 The most dissapointing investment in a book  I've ever made.<br/>From  a pretty well crafted Da Vinci Code, and Digital Fortress, the authors writing has degenerated to the point I believe the original manuscript for the Lost Symbol had to have been written in crayon.<br/>Then edited by spell check.<br/>Sorry Mr. Brown.<br/>Who made you write this silly thing?
 I've never written a review before but I felt compelled to comment on this book. The writing is dull and the plot is utterly absurd. I flipped through it as fast as I could just to get it over with. It's a stupid rehash of his two previous books, and they weren't worth revisiting.
 This was still a good story but I did not find it as well written as Da Vinci or Angels and Demons for that matter.
 Great book, It was not as good as Angels and Demons, or the Danvi Code but a good read
 Good follow up to his two previous books.  Fast paced and intriguing.  Good weekend read.
 Dan Brown has once again made dance partners of the factual history and probable meaning of secret societies and suspense.  I learned even more than I knew I wanted to know about the early American forefathers masonic backgrounds, while tracking through the book a madman with a twisted understanding of all of that.  Suspenseful and enlightening, and close to home as well, being about our national history and monuments.  What more could I want?
 This is 4th title from Dan Brown that I've read and by far the worst.  Never really got exciting and to be honset I was thinking of not finishing it at one point.  The plot is poor the characters all seemed a bit too familiar and the links with the Masons and other were drawn out and frankly dull.
 This book is just great, keep you always interested. It is also, as the others Dan Brown's books, deeply philosophical and educational, so may be is not the best novel, or the best educational book or the best philosphical book, but it has a great balance of all this subjects and for me, it is a 5 stars book. Hihly recommended.
 As always, meticulously researched and loaded with fascinating historical facts and theories regarding their significance.  But dwells too long on the author's social message to the detriment of the story.
 The book arrived in a very short period of time.  It was still in great condition.  I have ordered several books this way from Amazon, different dealers, but the condition the book is listed as usually is pretty accurate.  I am going o read this one next!
 This book is just a mess.  At every level.<br/><br/>1.  Get an editor.  Boy does this book need vast editorial help.<br/>2.  Masonic history through rose colored glasses.  Skewed, adulterated, half-assed and just plain disgraceful.<br/>3.  Books need endings.<br/>4.  Assnine New age gibberish is not an ending but it sure is annoying.<br/><br/>Hope you've invested you ill gotten gains well because we won't be fooled again.
 I was going through withdrawal since the last Dan Brown book.  This one does not disappoint.  I usually get the audio books.  I know it is a good story when I miss my exit!  Enjoyed it very much.
 Definetly recommend reading this book.  Love Dan Brown books and this one was as good as the others I have read.
 This is the most fascinating book I have ever read.  Very exciting.  A real page-turner.  Nearly impossible to put down
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books. I like this the least. His books are becoming almost predictable.
 I found the book very difficult to get into. Long chapters, extrordinary detail. just not my cup of tee.
 Did not like how the book kinda just ran down at the end. The rest was great.
 The book ended leaving me very unsatisfied with the whole story at all. Don't get me wrong, it is a page-turner. I couldn't put it down. But then towards the end, everything just falls apart.<br/><br/>There is too much of one person lecturing another person. And the ending was just deflated totally. I wanted so much to like it, because it was set up well in the beginning, and it had a lot of potential. It went nowhere though and didn't satisfy the suspense it built.
 The Lost Symbol is over written and under edited.  The plethora of aha! moments just become so what?
 I am surprised at the negative reviews. I thought this was his best novel to date. The plot was suspenseful and the character's believable. The ending was a true shocker. I would recommend this to anyone.
 I bought this book for my husband who is a Mason and a Shriner.  He really enjoyed<br/>the book and now I am reading it.  Dan Brown went to great lenghts to understand<br/>Masonic ritual and he really explored Washington, D.C.  In many of the European<br/>countries hundreds of years ago, the Masons had to go underground as they were hunted and killed for being a Mason.<br/>Masons are not a secret society and any man who joins will find that out.  Dan Brown has woven a great story, and even though I have not finished the book, everyone should read this book.  It is filled with a greater understanding of how<br/>Washington, D.C. was built and gives everyone a closer look at our forefathers.<br/>It is because of them that this country became so great.  And as most people know<br/>many of them were Masons, and because of their principals, we became a great democracy.
 the ladies are at their funniest in their final season.  Episodes of pRti ular note this season include" The Case of the Libertine Belle" where Blanche is accused of murder, and " One Flew out of the Cuckoo's Nest" the series finale in which Dorothy marries  lanche's uncle and no es out of the house with a poignant goodbye.  The series ended on a high. Ote that paved the way for its successor The Golden Palace
 was a very good book to read for my first one on my new Kindle. Is quite a simple read with a few good twists and turns.Looking forward to another Robert Langdon novel but really, how many more times can one guy save the world who is not even a member of the sacred Masons? LOL Enjoyed the book tho!!
 Another great read and I love that it's set in D.C. with all the great trivia about our capital. Look forward to the movie.
 Dan Brown is an awesome author! I've been hooked since I first discovered these Robert Langdon adventures. Combining fact with fiction I can't get enough! Love the concept of the Sacred Feminine!
 This book was typical Dan Brown fashion...lots of research, which can make it difficult to read and comprehend at times, page-turning thriller occasionally, but overall, it didn't quite live up to the hype as the sequel to The DaVinci Code.
 Despite what some people have said, I enjoyed this book. It was a little slow getting going I thought, but it eventually picked up and moved a long. For a kind of a no brainer page turner it is a good read. If you are expecting some sort of awesome revelation, you will probably be dissapointed. All in all, not too bad. Then again I am easily amused. :))
 Although the author takes many liberties, it is a very active, engaging read.  Anxious to see if a movie is on the way.  I am sure the movie will parallel the book with excellent reviews.
 Seriously.  At least twice throughout the book I was so shocked, that my heart stopped.  I've never had that thrill while reading a book; I say this as an avid reader.  Angels and Demons, as well as, The DaVinci Code were both great but I wouldn't compare The Lost Symbol to either.  It is a different experience although it still holds some of the same Characteristics of the previous two in the trilogy.  $3.00 is a steal!
 I thought the book was unique, spooky and exciting. It was hard to put down, and I was trying to solve the Masonic secrets and puzzles all along. I even had my own theories about them as I read the book. Dan Brown's books are unusual novels in which teachings are slipped in. The teachings are deep and real food for thought. The The book was a bit too long, but other than that I found it fascinating.
 I found this book to be very disappointing. It felt like the author did not put the effort into the research and characterizations that he had previously. Shame on you Mr. Brown, don't let success go to your head.
 This is one of the most boring books I've ever read.  Ther author kept digressing from the story with facts that were barely connected.<br/>I found the book preachy and trite, using all kinds of gimmicks, but in the end what is the lost symbol?  No more Dan Brown for me!
 All of Dan Brown books are excelent and I never had a problem with Amazon, purchase or delivery.  Very satisfied with all aspects of product or delivery. I also bought last year, as a present, kitchen items.  All arived in great shape and always earlier then promised.  Thank you, Hermine
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  If you like the conspiracy theory and secret society themes, you'll love it.  However until you suspend your understanding of reality it will be tough to get into the book.  This was very difficult for me on one point.  I mean really?  The Redskins in the playoffs?
 i think this book is such a failure. i dont know what i was hoping for, but this is definitely not it... i believe there is so much more of the history and the details behind the free mason thing. but somehow Dan missed it.... so disappointed...
 Let's get to the actual meat of this book.<br/><br/>America was not founded by Christians at all. It was founded by Freemasons who are not Christians but Deists. If you have read the book then you know that Egyptian lore was much more important to the Masons, and is seen everywhere in Washington D.C., than Christianity, which is not even mentioned in the book.<br/><br/>So how in the world did all of the Right Wing Christians come to the conclusion that America is a Christian nation instead of the philosophy that at the heart of America lies religious freedom?????<br/><br/>Mottos such as "In God We Trust" were added later (1864) during the Civil War.<br/><br/>Please try to read this book and capture what Brown is actually saying.
 Brown uses the same formula as in his previous books but somehow the tale is less compelling than his previous.  A bit predictable particularly if you read his previous books.
 Having read all of Dan Browns books at least twice, I was anticipating the release of this book. Unfortunately I am disappointed after finishing the Lost Symbol. I have a simple formula for judging a book;<br/><br/>1) Do I feel the need to read it every free minute I have?<br/>2) After reading it, do I anticipate the next book?<br/>3) Do I look forward to reading it again?<br/><br/>And the answer is NO to all of the above. I guess Dan is a victim of his own success as this book is formulaic at best. I didn't buy into the idea that the information the CIA feared would be released was that big of a deal.<br/><br/>On a positive note, I'm sure Washington DC will have many more visitors.....
 Great story, keeps you moving the entire time with twists that are not expected.  A must read for the adventurer.
 This book was very interesting. But way too long. He could've told the same story without all the filler. 133 Chapters of anything is too much.
 I would have loved to have written a true review after reading Brown's latest novel.  Unfortunately, it was purchased as a gift for my son-in-law who loves his books as much as I.  Economy being what it is, I have to wait until he finishes reading it.  However, I called him to ensure it arrived  which it always does when ordering from Amazon.Com] and he still had the box on his lap as well as he'd already started reading it and found it intriguing right from the beginning..../d
 As a huge fan of Dan Brown's character, Robert Langdon, I waited a long time for the illustrated addition to add to my collection.  This is going to make a few cold, winter nights a little cozier as I snuggle up for a good read.
 I purchased Dan Brown's Lost Symbol when I decided to drive to Las Vegas for a conference.  It was riveting for the entire trip.  Excellent narration by the producers.  It comes alive in your head as you listen.
 Enjoyed the book! However, as in the De Vinci Code, I had a difficult time with some of his physical feats that he places his characters into. Sometimes the actions require unnatural or unbelievable human endurance that defy logic.
 The CIA is running wild all over DC (the capitol, the Washington Monument, te National Cathedral, etc. and the FBI is nowhere in sight? The Smithsonian's warehouse. housing 98% of its items has a total of TWO security guards! Poor research and lazy writing. I guess Brown figures he can just phone it in from now on.
 Not as good as Angel &amp; Demons or The DaVinci Code-- Don't believe it lived up to all the hype.  Obviously written for a movie screen play.  Think Dan Brown is slipping.
 In a move of foolishly being thrifty, I opted for one of the less expensive book sellers on Amazon to send me this best seller.  The low price came with a long delivery time estimate.  Finally, when the delivery date came, I contacted the company through Amazon and quickly got a refund.  However, I have still not read the book!  I think this experience may make me a candidate for a Kindle!!
 I found the book a little dry in the beginning but that soon changed and I found I couldn't book the book down until I finished it. I thought I had the characters figured out; I was wrong becasue the ending took me by surprise.
 One of Dan Brown's best books.  I really enjoyed this book and didn't want it to end.
 OK, but I am not a big Dan Brown fan; his stories make for easy, formulaic escape reading.
 The first 30 pages or so were off-putting, it took a few pages to get connected, but after those initial pages, it became a very compelling read so don't give up on it.  As usual, Dan Brown delivers descriptive characters and places (I love that it is set in DC) and of course, lots of suspense.  He sometimes pushes the envelope on weirdness, but he makes up for it in page-turning intrigue.
 A very difficult book to keep your interest. His previous best sellers were fantastic.  I think he used all words left over from the other two books editing , stuck them together and called it a book.
 I have read four of Dan Browns books and this one was a particularly hard read for me.  The set-up of the characters was unterminably long and I still don't really understand the ending at all.  DeVinci is still my favorite.
 I'm a big Dan Brown so needless to say I loved this book.  The fast moving plot and all the rich descriptions made me not want to quit reading.  In fact, I read it in one day.  The historical facts about how Washington was built held my attention and made me want to go back and visit D.C. to see what I missed on other trips.  I highly recommend "The Lost Symbol".
 Ordered an unabridged audio book and got a used hard bound book instead.  I wanted to exchange it for the audio book, but only was able to return for refund.  Would still like to have the audio book, but I'm afraid to order it again.
 Another Robert Langdon story.  I like all the references to the symbolism found in the Washington DC area.  You'll be surprised during part of the story.
 I loved Da Vinci Code and enjoyed Deception Point &amp; Angels and Demons.  This book is...a failure.<br/><br/>There are 2 crater-sized holes with this novel:<br/><br/>(1)  I'm sure you're already aware that the basis of the this book is about an Ancient Mysteries that the freemasons have been guarding and hiding in Washington DC for centuries.  It's a secret so powerful that it can change mankind...or destroy it.  The secret had been protected by the Egyptians, Sir Isaac Newton et al, a secret college in England (list goes on and on) and in our current time by the freemasons.  The Freemasons went to elaborate length to protect and hide it for generations.<br/><br/>...so what is this secret?  what is this Lost Symbol?  Well, I won't spill the beans, but this secret is something very well-known to all of us, and something many of us use daily.  Yup.  It's such a dangerous secret that it's *hidden* right in the open.<br/><br/>Stupid, stupid, stupid plot.  I felt throughly robbed when this "secret" was revealed.<br/><br/>(2)  This Lost Symbol is supposed to transcend human thinking, philosophy, science and religion -- transcend them all!  But when this secret was revealed, it is VERY faith-specific -- it applies to one and only one faith. Again, what happened to this being all-encompassing?<br/><br/>My advice if you want to read this book -- wait until it shows up at Goodwill.
 A rerun of his previous books, same type of characters and plot, yet less creative and believable than "Inferno". Still there is the element of suspense.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol-Featuring-Robert-Langdon/dp/B002KQ6BT6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol: Featuring Robert Langdon</a>
 Just more of what I expect from Dan Brown.  Makes me wonder if he has gone off the deep end. I have not yet finished reading the Lost Symbol but I have no problem with Amazon.  It was what I ordered and what I wanted to read.  Wonder if he is planning another, more bizarre story...
 The book is so bad it doesn't even deserve a review.  Please save yourself US$ 13.00 and a lot of frustration! Dan Brown is as Lost as his Symbol in this book!
 Dan Brown does it again, with a novel rivaling his prior books "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" in scope, magnitude, and pure awesomeness! Dan Brown is only surpassed in bad-ass-ness by Robert Langdon!
 The tale didn't work for me from line one.  How is a reader to accept that a society, so secretive its members would sacrifice their lives before letting priceless knowledge fall into the wrong hands, could allow a newcomer into its uppermost ranks in exchange for a cash contribution?
 I bought this as a gift for my husband.  He loves it and it was nice that the Large Print version was available at the same time as the regular print.
 Whew! I'm glad that's over with. After The DaVinci Code which I read three times, this was a complete fizzle. Interesting facts about D.C. and our country's founding, but couldn't maintain my interest in reading about it.
 I couldn't get through this. Honestly, I enjoyed the earlier books but found this one painful. Entirely too wordy, I kept finding myself wishing he would just get to the point. It lacks quality in many respects and isn't worthy of being included with the previous two.
 Dan Brown comes through again with a fast moving intellectually fascinating tale of the world of the Masons. Great action,superior characters and an all around excellent story.
 The Da'Vinci Code was readable, all other Dan Brown books are tedious, predictable and monotonous. I hope he writes no more.
 Dan Brown's mystery recipe once again succeeded in capturing me from page 1 making The Lost Symbol as intriguing and fun to read as Angels &amp; Demons, and The DaVinci Code.
 The Lost Symbol is a good follow-up to the Code.  While not his best work, it is enjoyable and fun to learn about aspects of this country's history and Washington DC.
 Dan Brown is a favorite author..he does his research and makes you believe fiction is fact...always expect a twist at the very end..
 It took 6 years to write this?<br/><br/>Angels and Demons was a great read, The Da Vinci code was a page turner but the formula was starting to show it's weaknesses, but this thing just completely falls apart every other chapter.  Nothing left to say that hasn't been said by the other reviews and it's 2.5 star rating.
 Certain parts were much better than the Da Vinci Code, but overall it was not as good.  The book is fiction, yet I kept feeling Brown was trying to pass certain parts of it off as non-fiction. That turned me off.
 Not that I think his other books were wonderful--in fact, most are barely readable--but I was expecting a Page-turner with some jaw-dropping facts thrown about. Nope! Instead, it's a lame "National Treasure" type of story. Bleh!
 This has become my favorite book of all time.  Fantastic read!  Kept me going from page 1 to the very end.  I COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN!!!!!  Just ordered 2 more of his books!!!<br/><br/>Joanne Capouch<br/>jcapouch@wolfmtnlaw.com
 Out of the 3 books with the main character I enjoyed this one the best.  This is simply a page turner not to be missed. The action is fast based and the interest is there from page 1 to the last page. His stories bring us into a world that can exist using facts that we may not be able to prove. Looking forward to the next story.
 As a fan of Dan Brown's I can say that all of his books prior to this one are retellings of the same story. Now with "The Lost Symbol" Brown has actually told another story! Good job, Dan!<br/><br/>I'm not going to make a thorough review here since so many others have already done so, so I'll just end this by saying that I enjoyed this novel immensely.
 I have to say that I really enjoyed this story right up until the end ~ the story line, the surprises were truly creative and did surprise me but COME ON !  with all those twists and plots THAT's how you end the book.....  I was sorely disappointed
 I purchased this book for a friend who was very excited to read Dan Brown's newest book. She was extremely disappointed!
 Great book as only Dan Brown can do, I bought this on my kindle and had it finished in a couple of days. Couldn't put it down for long, and spent a lot of time on the internet looking up places and statues in Washington DC to follow the story line better. If you like the Divinci Code you will like this book.
 I haven't been able to read the whole book! I had to order twice the audio version and both times the product had corrupted CD's. I do not recommend anyone to buy the audio version. It appears that the quality control for it is very poor.<br/><br/>By the way, the short part of the book that I was able to listen to was very good (the book, not the audio version).
 Enough already with all the negative reviews, too many bitter people on Amazon..Let's face reality, if you are a Dan Brown fan (and MANY are) then you are going to love The Lost Symbol. In fact this book is MORE exciting than the Davinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons! The hype for this book was unbelievable and this book was fantastic!
 Fast foward, bones shaking, thrilling, you wouldn't want to even eat until you finish. Once you start reading it you don't whant to stop!! take my word for it. I tell you as a :. I am! hehehe!
 A great follow up to Davinci Code, the Robert Langdon series is easily the most entertaining action mysteries around.  Would definitely recommend, easy read which captures your imagination from page one.
 This is the Dan Brown style of DaVinci Code.  I really appreciate the historical knowledge that he intertwines into a thriller.  It is nice to reconnect with Robert Langdon once again.  The ending does get a bit slow, but it is interesting and good way to close.  I will read again.
 The "Lost Symbol" was an almost impossible task to exceed what was expected of Dan Brown, but I am happy that he shifted gears in this book to not only entertain and surprise but also to educate more while not stimulating the mental anguish of the Conspiracy buff audience.  The key to my liking this book as much as I did was how it was wrapped up in the final chapters bring all the issues together and to spell out that "So what" if our Founding Fathers were Mason's and "So what" if Masons has strange secrets ceremonies.  What was created in our country was a wonderful idea that is still evolving but most importantly that it is "Still evolving and will continue to do so" if we do not allow those who wish to say they know more of waht anything means than I do or you do.<br/><br/>I would now like very much to be able to climb to the Capital Dome and see a sunrise.  I now more than ever.  I would like to see the view from the top of the Washington Monument lokking down the Mall to see all of the knowledged gathered by our society through the grand visions of dear Mr Smithson.<br/><br/>Our country will continue to evolve and we as human being will continue to evolve only becasue we can and we are free to do so.
 It's Dan Brown.<br/>It's fun.<br/>It's  predictable.<br/>Still worth the read if you like Dan Brown.
 I am still trying to finish reading this book.  I got it with such great expectations that it will be like the previous four Dan Brown books, but for some reason, it has not captured me as expected.
 After waiting almost 4 weeks for the book (which never came), I emailed Big River Books. They delivered another copy of the book in two days. In the end, I was pleased with the way Big River Books stepped up.
 This book is, as usual, another novel filled with twists and turns and a great deal of historical fact and fiction in an exciting mix. Not one you can't put down but one you will look forward to returning to.
 The printing and binding of this book is very good, which worth one stars.  Otherwise, I consider this book a huge waste of money and time.  Poor writing, poor story with very bad logic.
 Another entertaining novel from Dan Brown.
 I thought this book moved fast like the others by Brown. Felt like I couldn't put it down but the ending was weak...
 Love being able to read it anywhere and not damage our book.
 I'm shocked at this book's writing.  Not reccommending this book to anyone. From 1 to ten I give it a zero. Very, very dosappointed with story the way it was written.
 Fisrt off let me say that all of these reviews complaining of the content of the book as boring and long and not worth reading, I whole-heartedly disagree. This book was as riveting and esoteric as the DaVinci code if not more so. I couldn't put it down. I received it on Friday afternoon and finished it on Sunday afternoon. Mr. Brown's knowledge of his subject matter is very accurate and very concise. Although there is some information that is not entirely correct the book is great entertainment and well researched. Having visited Washington D.C. I could see in my minds eye all the places described in the book. His desriptions are very accurate and the characters are beliveable. As usual there is an unexpexted twist at the end. This book is definitely worth your time and money. Great job Mr. Brown!
 Dan Brown's latest masterpiece did not disappoint!  This book was a great read, made even better for me since I live &amp; work near where much of the plot takes place!
 To be honest with you I really hated this book. Well, what I read of it anyway. Don't get me wrong. I think Dan Brown is a brilliant man. I've read all of his other books and found them both interesting and enlightening, but this is one book I really could not finish. For one thing there was nothing likable about any of the characters. I'm supposed to care about this old man who is kidnapped, but I really don't. Plus I agree with another reviewer who stated that Dan Brown phoned this book in. It's almost as if he knew that no matter what he wrote it would be a best seller and that was all that mattered.....
 A good book, but not as good as his previous two books.....still a great read. W.B. Goetz, Lemoyne, Pa 17043
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books and this one, The Lost Symbol, is by far the best.<br/>It has a good plot line with several unexpected twists and turns, lots of mysteries, tons of details, and plenty of suspense. It reads like an excellent fiction novel.<br/>I can't wait for the movie to come out!
 The book was ok, but the last several chapters killed it. On and on about the same thing, over and over, boring and boring. If I had wanted to study philosophy, etc, etc, etc, I would read a different book. Too much! too much! too much!!!! Give me a break! In the neck!
 Received this book ahead of schedule. It was in "like new" condition. A best seller at an excellent price.
 great book, liked it very much, easy read
 This book was faced pace and a great read- just like Dan Brown's other  four books.  I would say however, that it was not my favorite of his books.  If you are expecting it to be as good as "The Da Vince Code" or "Angels and Demons" -it won't be.<br/><br/> ...]
 Dan Brown keeps you interested all the way through. His action is not stop.<br/>However, the ending was a bit disappointing from my point of view.<br/>I guess I was expecting more.
 Read the book in a couple of days.  Enjoyed the story development; however, would have liked a more "awe-ha" ending.<br/>Service from Amazon dependable and accurate as is the norm for purchases I've made.
 I just finished reading this latest offering from Dan Brown and it made me smile. I was somewhat surprised to see the number of negative reviews but after reading a number of them, the reasons are obvious. I think a number of readers just wanted an entertaining read without any thought provocation. In that regard, The Lost Symobol may have fallen a little short. On the other hand. the narrow minded Christian fundamentalists had their beliefs challenged and reacted negatively, as is to be expected.<br/><br/>Da Vinci Code was more blatantly and obviously more controversial because of the subject matter. I am sure that is why it is currently the best selling novel of all time. However, The Lost Symbol is equally controversial, if the reader actually takes the time to think about the message of this book.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's attention to detail and his ability to weave a number of disparate and seemingly unrelated and insignificant symbols into a thought provoking story line, never ceases to amaze me. As other reviewers have already commented, I too had to Google along, in order to get a better understanding of the subject material. I have no problem with that, and found it to be a very enlightening experience. Is the Lost Symbol formulaic? Yes Does it detract from the message?  Not at all !<br/><br/>It seems that we live in a time where readers and movie goers seem to just crave pure eye brow raising and adrenaline rushing entertainment, in order to escape from the trials and tribulations of their daily lives. They  have no desire to be left with anything to think about; that is just too much work. For those of you in that category, I would recommend a Marvel comic book.<br/><br/>I found The Lost Symbol an interesting read, and although I am not a religious person, I am tempted to read the Bible again, but from a totally different perspective.
 good fast paced read. da vinci code goes to washington. history is fun. try it you will like it.
 Having been a long time student of symbolism in the arts, this book fed my mind so well. Also gave me a curiosity to know more about the great public buildings and their architects.  Book  exceeded my expectations,  I admire the author for his research abilities and the talent to put the findings into words.  Thank you Dan Brown
 As always, Brown has done a masterful job. Fast moving, complex, interesting -- he done good.
 Had such hopes for this book.  Found it totally predicatable and in the end it felt like a huge sell out.  Like DB sold out to all of the critics who reviled his books as a work of the devil and now he was trying to soothe their worries and tap into another market segment.<br/><br/>Additionally, there were MULTIPLE typos and incorrect word usages throughout the book. My 17 year old could have edited this book and done a better job.  Can honestly say, I won't be waiting anxiously for the movie or the next DB book.<br/><br/>Anyone want a slightly used Kindle version of this book?
 Don't waste your time &amp; money on this book.<br/>Well, if you are a hard-core Brown fan and liked 'Digital Fortress' and 'Deception Point', you should have a shot on this one, otherwise, go read something else.
 We learnt that Masons are willing to sacrifice everyting to protect the LAMEST "secret" ever. *SIGH*
 so very boring.  had to force myself to read it. will never buy any more of his garbage.
 I learned a long time ago to go with my gut feeling about books and movies, and ignore the tight-@$$ed reviews which expect a book or a movie meet rarefied "standards". Most of these reviews are more like "look at me: I am so sophisticated". They ignore the scope and the intended audience, and do a disservice to the author and potential readers alike.<br/><br/>I gave this book a 4-stars grade. It is fun, intriguing, exciting, imaginative, thrilling - basically, it's Dan Brown, not more nor less.<br/><br/>I didn't expect it to meet any imaginary standards: I expected it to be entertaining and captivating, and it was!<br/><br/>If you liked The Da Vinci Code and Digital Fortress, this book is for you.<br/><br/>Enjoy!
 EXCELLENT BOOK TAKES PLACE ALL IN 24HRS.  EXCITING AND A NICE PICTURE OF THE MASON'S FOR A CHANGE  HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT
 I like to read books by Dan Brown so am looking forward to the next one. His subject matters are good ones.to read.
 It is a great book, with a tame ending. But, you are enlighted about the ancient scripture's lost symbol, god and spiritual knowledge. This, which is with in ourselves. the book has a great narration and story telling bringing out the God in Ourselves- a rediscovery of sorts. I agree with the author that scientific discoveries or inventions today are only re-discoveries or re-inventions.
 A very compelling book by Dan Brown. The third in a series, I was gripped by the story and can hardly put it down. Nice to see the setting is in our nations capitol.
 Be sure to arrange plenty of uninterupted time to read this one......there are no slow spots in the story.  You won't find a convenient mundane moment.....you know those sections of a story that go slow and make it convenient to set it asside and go on with the other things in life.
 The book arrived in great condition and I have just finished reading it....not a good as the DaVinci Code or Angels and Demons, but still a good read.
 I cannot believe the bad reviews I am reading about this book.  For those with no sense of intrigue about the lost mysteries, the Knights Templar, King Solomon, the Free Masons, Lost Deities, Cults, Bible Beliefs,and Mysticism combined with modern science; this book is not for you.  Where is your sense of intrigue?<br/>I, on the other hand, am fascinated with these subjects and constantly scour the History Chanel for programs pertaining to these subjects.  This is a fictional thriller.  Brown has woven a tale incorporating these mysteries.  I couldn't put it down.  Want to bet there will be a "Lost Symbol" tour in Washington?  Just as there is a "Angels and Demons Tour" in Italy.  OK, Tom Hanks we are ready for your next Robert Langdon episode.  Dan Brown - Kudos's to you for writing another great story.  Incidentally, right after finishing this book there was a show on the History Chanel called "Secrets of our Founding Fathers".  What a sequel to the book.  Just fascinating.
 Dan Brown is also a good author.  His books deserve reading for entertainment!
 amazon.com is so easy to use will be back again and again. thanks very good website good job.
 Formulaic or not, if you have enjoyed Brown's previous books, you will enjoy this one too.  The amount of research that goes into his books is astounding to me, and like his other books the subject matter is fascinating.  I am always left wanting to learn more about his topics and wondering where the lines are between fact and fiction.  I raced through this book and am getting ready to read it again to pick up more details that I know I missed the first time around.<br/><br/>The Kindle version was pretty good format-wise, better than most I have read.
 This was a gift
 Don't waste your money or your time.  Of all the audio books I have listen to, this is one of the worst.
 What a surprise ending.  I listened to the last CD at least five times.  It is candy for the brain and food for the seeking soul.<br/><br/>Pablito
 Thought provoking and a great read.  A real page tuner that we did not want to put down.
 Bought my first Kindle and this is the first book I read on it. Loved the first 90% of the book and then it bogged down to a crawl. The last couple chapters were pure monotony. That aside, I could not put this one down till I finished. Wow! Dan Brown does it again....one wild ride through Washington D.C. and American &amp; Masonic history. Kudos! I can't wait for his next publish.
 The story starts off very well and the plot build-up is excellent. It kept me engrossed for two-thirds of the book but the end was not what I expected.
 3-books -- 3 cities (Paris, Rome, D.C.)<br/><br/>But these are the same plot/story line features in all the books:<br/><br/>1- A body/body part is discovered in a significant historic public building.<br/>2- The body/body part has mystical engravings on it dating from an ancient organization.<br/>3- Our hero Langdon is abruptly called in to decode the engravings.<br/>4- He meets an attractive female.<br/>5- Langdon and an associate are chased thru the (above) building by the "authorities" and in the process pass some rather significant art, cultural and architectural objects.<br/>6- An artifact is the key to the solution of the code.<br/>7 - There's a "gray beard" who knows the history of the ancient code and he is consulted by our hero accompanied by the attractive female.<br/>8- (Need I go on ???)<br/><br/>These are all a cut-and-paste from the first "Angles and Demons"<br/>Have we been duped by this clever writer ???<br/><br/>Now let's see what will my next block buster be about ??<br/>Only thing I need to do is figure out the city -- New York = ?, ... London = ? ??<br/>It's for sure it ain't gona' be Telephone, Texas !!<br/>That would never garner a 5 million copy first run - Huh ?<br/>The plot/story line is all a cut and paste !!
 THE LOST SYMBOL IS TOO MUCH EFFORT FOR A PALTRY REWARD. THE PLOT LINE IS TEDIOUS AND DIFFICULT TO FOLLOW OVER THE MANY DAYS IT TAKES TO READ THE BOOK
 The quality of each is superb and I can recommend them all however...one of the Civil War DVD's was rattling as if a holder inside was broken.  Since it was a gift I didn't want to open it.  I tried to contact someone to see if I could return it but got no response.
 Sure, Dan Brown has a formula for his books, but they are always interesting and this one is no exception.  I can see them making a movie out of this one too.  Tom Hanks could use the work.
 Great read ! Did not expect the son to be the evil one.<br/>Would recommend this book for great action packed read.
 As always this author keeps you on e edge of your seat and the ending what a twist loved every word
 I was lost on the connections of the book as farms the history and science goes. But overall it was a very thought provoking book.
 Well researched and quite entertaining. Not as good as Angles &amp; Demons, but well worth the money.
 Dan Brown! Enough said. I'm only writing more because this stupid thing is making me. That is really lame Amazon.
 This book was a gift for my husband.  He thoroughly enjoyed it as he has read the other books of Dan Brown.
 I skimmed the last couple chapters just to "finish" the book.  In reflection I feel this was written more for the money than for the reader.  I have read and enjoyed all of Dan's other books, but this was a big disappointment.
 Great page turner style with weak storyline.  I have read all of Dan Brown's books and this is the worst, by far.
 Remember your college Professor who loved to hear himself talk? And kept forgetting he already told the class that REALLY interesting story? That is Dan Brown and "The Lost Symbol."  I read the enitre Kindle version, just so I could say I read the whole damn boring book. I guess he will make a fortune, and the joke is on us. Don't bother with this gibberish slab of Masonic propaganda. If Tom Hanks agrees to star in the movie version of this book, he has certainly sold his soul to the devil.
 book was in mint condition, and received it within the week!  Will buy from again
 good
 I found this book to be very engrossing. It was hard to put down. The book had numerous details about the Masons, the U.S. Capitol, etc. The ending was a complete surprise.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book and could not put it down once I started it. I enjoyed being able to predict some events and then being completely surprised by other events. I liked the way the book ended and am now intrigued by our Founding Fathers, Masons, and Washington, D.C. architecture. I love reading a book that makes me think of things and jumpstarts yet another topic to read about.
 on your toes
 I'd rather read Da Vinci Code for the second time. Waste of time and money ; waste of memory space on the Kindle.
 A great story, especially for someone who knows Washington DC. However, I don't think it's as good as his first two books. In particular it went on too far - drawn out - as though the author was padding. BUT, I liked it.
 Couldn't put it down!  I stayed up all night to finish it and although the ending was a bit of a disappointment, the book, on the whole, was thrilling.<br/>For anyone who enjoys a good read; this book is for you.
 Like millions of Americans, I loved the DaVinci Code.  I read that sucker in 3 days! And, like millions of Americans, I was less than thrilled with Dan Brown's other titles.  So, it was with sincere trepidation that I ordered The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>In a word, The Lost Symbol is FABULOUS.  I sped read it in 3 days and had to make myself put it down to get some sleep.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book to DaVinci Code fans - it will thrill you to the core.
 Not as good as Angels and Demons or Da Vinci Code but worth the read.
 I have read the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons but this book is, by far, my very favorite.  I have been an avid reader for more than 40 years and this is one of my top ten 'best read choices'.  I could not wait for my daily work to be complete so I could continue this story.  Two separate times I was so utterly shocked by where the story line went that I had to put the book down ... but I quickly picked it up again to continue.  I have recommended to all my friends and have researched some of the things he references in the book.  GREAT READ!
 "Lost Symbol" was an amazing achievement; this book was worth reading for the ending, I was shocked, at the ingenuity of Dan Brown..(I won't tell the ending)<br/>Yes, this book was adventurous, enlightening, and a tremendous read..<br/>Thank you, Dan Brown for writing it..
 A little slow to start, a bit too scientific for my taste but it gets better and better as it goes on.
 I read Dan Brown's book in less than a day.  I seriously couldn't put it down. It held me spell-bound until the last page.
 But I understand the need for religion. I believe man has untapped potential. This book brilliantly makes the case for this belief. Read it with an open mind.
 nice
 A famous Princeton professor once received the following evaluation from a student whose father had clearly lectured him on the value of an Ivy education:  "the lectures were boring, but long."<br/><br/>My academic friends make fun of me for reading Dan Brown, but, you know, I enjoy a good conspiracy yarn.  And - although the stuff of Angels and Demons and The da Vinci Code is in my professional ballpark - I like seeing the material framed in a populist narrative, even if it's a bit abbreviated and gently twisted.<br/><br/>News flash:  ironically - sadly? - my students are more receptive to Brown than to Elaine Pagels as an authority for the Mary v Peter shaping of Christianity, so there's actually a Dan Brown Bonus in the humanities classroom.<br/><br/>But this is a boring book.<br/><br/>Boring boring boring.  It has all of Brown's weaknesses and none of his strengths.  There are the flat characters, the unlikely plotting, the absurd chronology, but there's no zippy secret agenda compelling the reader's attention.  The didactic passages fall with a dull thud and the dialogue is gruesomely banal. Tattoo Man simply doesn't stack up against the Roman Church as a worthy opponent.  Washington DC is a poor third to Paris and Rome as a setting, nor does Brown offer us anything to up the stakes.  I liked Sato and wanted to like Katherine, but the whole Solomon thing was just too cheesy for (even) escape reading.<br/><br/>The material on noetics is mildly interesting, but badly presented, and the Masonic stuff is sadly ho-hum.  Brown's strategies for down-loading info have not grown more graceful with time - nor, indeed, has his writing --  nor have his editors offered any amelioration.<br/><br/>I anticipated it;  I ordered it;  I eagerly opened it.<br/><br/>I have tossed it aside.  Save your money.<br/><br/>For a book that heralds the apotheosis of the human intellect (well, of the male human intellect with a touch of Star Wars) this makes a decent paperweight.
 The seller said the item was in very good condition; however in reality the cover is bent and full of cracks. The cover of pages are also curled. I do not recommend doing business with this seller.
 Great storyline with unexpected twists.....loved it.  Great author, couldn't put my kindle down, if you liked his previous books you will love this...happy reading.
 Dan Brown's "The Lost Symbol" was a highly disappointing book. The writing was not that great and it was highly repetitive. The CIA Director of Security came across as a total buffoon. It did not present anything new or revealing about the secretive Masons.<br/><br/>It was a big letdown from "The DaVinci Code." Wait till you can find it in a used paperback bookstore and buy it for around $3.00.
 Had promise, entertaining page turner, and then... it all went to hell in a handbasket.
 Once I started reading it, it was hard to put it down.  It contains a multitude of fascinating facts about history and our nation's foundation.
 Way too much description and history.  If I wanted to read history I would have chosen a different book.  I skipped page after page trying to find some action.
 This book drags on and on and never really comes to a conclusion. It is the worst of Dan Browns books and I would advise that you not waste your brain cells as I have just done reading it. In two words, IT SUCKED!
 Its light easy reading, its often interesting, and I do enjoy the roller coaster like thrill chase that is going on in the book...but be warned....in the last 100 of so pages, the book jumps the shark in a HUGE way. It was moving along nicely and then became completely ludicrous. Still, a fun, decent enough read
 I loved this book even more than "The DaVinci Code" simply because of the inspiring message at the end.
 In anticipation for the release of The Lost Symbol, I went through and re-read Brown's other books.  Dan brown generally puts out a pretty good page turner.  The Lost Symbol doesn't even come close to measuring up to his other works.  I would have probably been better off renting National Treasure, than spending the time on this Davinci Code retread.
 I'm not going to add more to what was already said in these reviews except that this was the 1st Dan Brown book I read and was completely disappointed by the ending.  The build up (which was only OK), culminated in such a disappointment...  I guess I expected more from the author of other great stories.
 This was not his best work, it felt more like a chore to finish reading it. The plot was easy to figure out and it didn't keep me attention. Definitely not getting the next book.
 He stays up  late at night reading, finding it fasinating, well researched,and  compelling. I am looking forward to reading it myself. Husband thinks it is better than "the da vinci code".  I was interested in it for metaphysical reasons and my husband found it to be a hit.
 not funny as expect.<br/>but still the good. get some info that i never learn.<br/><br/>Da Vinci is his most.
 I enjoyed reading Dan Brown's DaVinci Code, but thought Angels and Demons was mediocre at best.  This book can be compared with Angels and Demon - disappointing.  The subplot was ridiculous and the book dragged on and on - I ended up skimming quite a bit and only read to the end because I felt obligated to read what I bought.  I would not recommend this book.  Don't waste time or money on this one.
 This book is very entertaining and keeps you on the edge of your seat, as do all of the books I've read by Dan Brown.
 Particularly interesting as I live in DC.  I'm certain there will be tours of the city and points referenced in the book.
 Dan Brown needs to try something new. The other two Robert Langdon books follow the same formula, and I felt a little cheated at the end of "Symbol." I figured out the big plot twist almost as soon as I met the villain, though at least Brown doesn't cheat in that regard. Overall, I had a hard time putting the book down, though I hope Brown's next book is a little less familiar. I'm tired of reading the same book over and over.
 after reading all of Dan Brown's books i didn't know i could still be impressed.
 The book started out with a great story, but descended into a truly predictable, boring and disappointing ending.
 While I devotedly read on hour after hour, I did not feel the tension that kept me up much of the night I read Da Vinci Code.  Likewise, there was not an interesting character relationship like in Angels and Demons.  In the end, Lost Symbol was a fun, but bland read that will be forgotten quickly in years to come.
 Great story, mixed with actual facts. For I know for I'm a Masom. 1st. book I've read that I would read again.
 It was not my "cup of tea".  Too many details about the Masonic Order.  I found it tiresome reading and little too gory for<br/>my taste.
 This book is a real page turner - Dan Brown writes an exciting novel that takes you on a wild ride thru our nations capital - Great read
 Very interesting and suspensful..I thought it was very good. Enjoyed the book and couldn't put it down. Bought the tape for my husband and he is now listening to it.
 This is a good book, dont know why all the negative so-so reviews. Great detail, and really interesting facts about our nations history.
 I liked the book, I especially like how Dan Brown gives you different ways to think about religion and science
 It's no wonder it took Dan Brown so long to write this book.  The meticulous research, the finely woven story line along with a deep spiritual message work intricately together to produce his best book to date.  A definite re-read
 Some of the Masonic history stuff was good, but the ending was way too predictable and felt rushed. If I could get a refund I would, but I kept it more than seven days.  Do not waste your money on this.
 As I read the DaVinci Code, I was rivited to the book from the beginning to the end. I just purchased The Lost Symbol, expecting another riveting novel and have not been disappointed. I love Dan Brown's writing style, which is a mixture of fact and fiction all blended together to keep us completely engrossed in both of his novel's. I heard, on a CBS interview, that another book is in the works. I am excited with greater expectations than before.<br/>I am convinced that, if you appreciated the literary style of The DaVinci Code, you will not be disappointed with this, The Lost Symbol
 The book was in the shape they said it would be in.  The price was right. Would buy more books from them.
 i zipped through this one! but the author definitely was trying to convince the reader of some philosophical perspective; i don't know what becausei skipped through the last 50 pages or so once the plot had been resolved.
 Finished the book in 4 days after work.  Enough said!
 I have read all of Dan Browns books and NONE of them deserve one stars. If you are thinking about reading this book go for it. It really is good...
 It's unfortunate, but Dan Brown's novels are becoming formulaic and predictable. The Lost Symbol is a perfect example of this!
 Was not disappointed with the story by Dan Brown.<br/>Always a good summer read.
 Great book! My favorite Dan Brown title. I think this one is way to complex to make into a movie.
 ...and kind of annoying.<br/><br/>Much has been written about this already, so I'll just say this:<br/><br/>- The major plot twist was TOTALLY obvious VERY early in the book.<br/><br/>- The "cliff hanger" chapter endings (all 100+!) were completely contrived and manipulative.<br/><br/>- Yes, we know Langdon is a claustrophobic skeptic -- you don't have to tell us over and over and OVER.<br/><br/>Too bad, because I liked the other two books.
 This was a great book, totally unexpected ending.  I think the most important part of this book was the message it presented at the end.  A message that everyone needs to remember, most of all the people that run our government.
 Dan Brown's writing is inspirational. In Lost Symbol, he inspires the reader to look back in time and study/review the ancient mysteries of our world. To the author, thank you! Please continue to write your Word.
 I love a mystery that is both fact-based and plausible.  Dan Brown does it for me.  I just can't get enough.
 Enjoyed the book very much. His books always keep your interest and really makes you think. You have a problem putting it down.
 The book was in better shape than expected and shipped fast. Great price at much lower than retail. Thanks.
 came in good time, was purchased as a gift and we can't wait to read it
 I just finished reading Dan Browns latest novel, and I couldn't put it down. On the surface, this book is about Robert Langdon (as we know him from 'the Da Vinci Code'), somehow getting involved with the Freemasons in a frantic race spanning a time period of 12 hours, chasing all over Washington DC at night, while deciphering ancient symbols and codes,solving mysterious riddles, and fighting the ultimate villain, a mortal guy with a brilliant but sick brain turned monster. The plot is somewhat similar to the `Da Vinci Code'<br/><br/>Granted, what we learn here about Freemasonry is fascinating. Ultimately though, this story is about ancient philosophies and forgotten messages and wisdoms that bite us in the nose every day where ever we look, and the regrettable fact that most people are not open minded enough these days to be able to perceive them. He confronts us with the common but arrogant assumption that the 21st century and its technology and achievements is mankind at its peak. We are encouraged to consider the idea that ancient philosophies and cultures might have been well ahead of modern knowledge, and that cutting edge science is just about to catch up with what in essence has already been known millenniums ago.<br/><br/>This resonates with me. I was lucky enough to have a teacher in high school who introduced us to Einstein's special theory of relativity, Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, all rounded up with a nice background in philosophy. I have a masters degree in science, but philosophies and religions from all  over the world kept fascinating me until today.<br/><br/>So Dan Browns idea is simple: take all this heavy food for thought and wrap a nice, fast paced suspense thriller around it that people can easily enjoy and dismiss as pure entertainment. The author himself is pulling his own leg a little when putting the reader in Langdon's shoes, the skeptical scientist: `Ironically this same code had been a plot twist in a mediocre thriller Langdon had read years ago'.<br/><br/>This book has to be read between the lines if you want to understand what the author wants to get across. Here is what he really wants folks to think about: Quote "From the crusades, to the Inquisition, to American politics - the name Jesus had been hijacked as an ally in all kinds of power struggles. Since the beginning of time, the ignorant had always screamed the loudest, herding the unsuspecting masses and forcing them to do their bidding. They defended their worldly desires by citing Scripture they did not understand. They celebrated their intolerance as proof of their convictions. Now, after all these years, mankind had finally managed to utterly erode everything that had once been so beautiful about Jesus".<br/><br/>And I can see why it Dan Brown six years to finish this novel, he poured an enormous amount of research into this book. While the plot is fiction, the facts for the most part are not. I couldn't help but google along on my computer as I read, and many times the search results left me flabbergasted.<br/><br/>Read this book open minded, as the wisdom within is hidden in a big spoonful of sugar. Not many of us like bitter medicine straight up after all ;-)
 Living in Washington, DC, I was even more enthralled than usual by Dan Brown's new release.  I loved it, loved it, loved it.  It keeps you on the edge of your seat and provides the historical framework as well as the plot twists and turns that we've come to expect.
 This was an enthralling book that definitely kept me guessing until the very end!  I would recomment this product to anyone who enjoys a mystery or story with a twist.
 I guessed the location of the latest secret find in the first 20 pages. I didn't guess what it would turn out to be. Suffice it to say, WHAT? That's it? LLLLLLAAAAAMMMMMEEEEEE.<br/><br/>Sigh.
 Once again Dan Brown has written a superb thriller that held my interest from start to finish. A must read.
 Learned a little about Washington D. C.  Similar to his other code type books
 CAREFUL - if you're looking for text-to-speech DO NOT BUY the Kindle Edition. So much for Amazon's big sales pitch regarding Kindle's Text-to-Speech functionality.  It is BUNK! If you are considering a Kindle for Text-to-Speech, think again...
 Another GOOD one from Dan Brown...always a good read
 Another great piece of work by Dan Brown. Drawing Robert Langdon to the aid of one of his greatest friends starts a chain of events that is beyond Langdon himself. Brown delves deep into the archaic symbolism within Washington DC and uncovers more mysteries with every page.
 the book started well then you can notice that it follows a repeated pattern that make it boring, and the end was the worst, everything was predictable and not the greatest ending in mysteries.
 Another Dan Brown Classic. Would recommend to any fans of "The DaVinci Code" or "Angels and Demons".
 Great book - after a slow start it gets a full head of steam<br/><br/>Recommended
 This book is pretty gnarly, yallz should be readin dis gravy. Brown is my new jamming color, I'll never forget dis lightenment form diss gravy.
 I was a little disappointed when I received this book.  The cover was all torn, literally in half, and there was a stamp in the book that said, "Not for Resale."  I bought this book to replace a library book that was damaged and even the library wouldn't accept it.
 Excellent copy &amp; superfast delivery
 I've come to expect a lot from Dan Brown, and this one definitely did not deliver.  When I reached the end, I felt as though I'd gone there for no particular reason.  It was pointless and disappointing.  Robert Langdon deserved a better story.
 Loved it!
 poorly written  bad plot bloated  stupid premise  I would suggest Dawkins if you want the real story.<br/><br/>very disappointing followup to previous "stories"
 I was let down, and by the end it made me some what angry to have been let down.<br/><br/>Or, Perhaps, I don't like Washington Dc, and what I consider as too much religon.
 This will be short and sweet.... This is Dan Brown's best novel... His ability to integrate actual historical facts into a thrilling story line is amazing....  Exciting, entertaining and educational!  Highly recommend!
 Another great read by Dan Brown.  LOST SYMBOL has a well developed plot with strong character development.  Brown's books have always been able to grab me and pull me into the plot.  LOST SYMBOL was a gift to me, but before I began reading it I ordered it for my kindle---much easier to handle and carry around than the hard bound copy!  I am looking forward to the next Dan Brown book!
 Excellent book full of suspense and intrigue, just like DaVinci Code. If you like that kind of book, then this is for you. I couldn't put it down.....
 Thanks Dan Brown, you did it again.  You captured my imagination and made me sit up late nights reading to finish your over 500 page book. This was a easy read and quite intriguing the links made between religion or more specifically the Bible and the masonic order.<br/><br/>Great Book!!!
 Another fantastic mystery-adventure thriller... one of those books that you just can't put down !!
 This book was a waste of time (trust me, I just finished it).  Wait for the money, it will save you days of precious time that you can actually spend doing something productive.
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books and really enjoyed them. I just finished The lost Symbol and sat on the edge of my seat for most of the book.For anyone wanting to be entertained and be left with the "what if" thought, I highly recommend it.
 Hugh Dan Brown fan.  Ironically, lost my copy and found another at Amazon.<br/>Used copies a miracle for the organizationally challenged.
 Look, it was fun to read - took all of a couple hours, but I have read this story before.  Formulaic, and thus even more predictable than his other stories and in the end, boring.
 Interesting story, but somewhat predictable at times. I enjoyed the facts about Washington DC just as much as the fictional characters and plot
 I absolutely loved everything about this book. Still, Robert should have a permanent female companion by now in my opinion.
 The book is exactly as described but I was very disappointed because they did not pack it properly and all the sides were dent.
 I got a Kindle for Xmas and read the Lost Symbol on that instead of buying the book.  Love my Kindle!!
 I really like Dan Brown's other two books, but this one was such a let down. Don't waste your money...it's just not worth it. I felt like I was being preached to, throughout the book... It was a slap in the face, over and over again...I felt like he thought the reader wasn't very bright, so he kept saying the same things over and over again. I cannot recommend this book.
 This was a typical Dan Brown book, it started off sort of slow and then picked up.
 Such a great storyteller while bringing in so much fascinating history. If you are a history and "little known facts" buff you will love any of Brown's books.
 A good read and interesting
 Not his best work.  Too formulaic.
 wasn't a good day to write eh dan;  this book was terrible especially the way it ened. thats about all i can say. wish i would have read some of the other reviews<br/>  rick
 What a mystery thriller !  A great 'read' ! It's even better on audio. After 'Da Vinci Code' maybe Tom Hanks can score A+ again if cast in a well made movie based on the plot as it takes place in DC.
 interesting
 I kept waiting for the plot to twist but the entire storyline is telegraphed from the beginning.  The hope that the ending would somehow be enlightening or entertaining and make up for hundreds of pages that do nothing to advance the storyline was also in vain.
 It better than i expected
 What do you get when you cross puzzles, codes and riddles with the Freemasons, wrapped up in a very suspenseful story? Answer: The Lost Symbol. This is Dan Brown's latest book that once again features the famous Robert Langdon. Personally, I hope that all of Dan Brown's future novels feature Robert Langdon because he is one of my ultimate heroes and I always get to learn something new in each novel.<br/><br/>As I was reading through this novel, I immediately pictured a cast for this movie. Studying each character in the novel made me immediately think of what actor or actress should play this role. In the past I have been right when I attempted this with other novels, but here is how I envision it (not a complete list):<br/><br/>Robert Langdon - Tom Hanks<br/>Warren Bellamy - Morgan Freeman<br/>Katherine Solomon - Mimi Rogers<br/>Peter Solomon - Dennis Quaid<br/>Mal'akh - Vin Diesel<br/>Inoue Sato - (This is a hard one, but I'm sure Sony can find a good one)<br/><br/>So, this is how I see each character. I might be right. I might be wrong but you gotta admit: This is a good line-up for The Lost Symbol. It would make me want to see the movie even if I didn't know what the story was about.<br/><br/>Pick up a copy and read this novel! Every chapter is a page-turner. You will be delighted, surprised, in awe, and shock once you read through this novel. It will definitely keep you wanting to read more!!! Highly Recommended
 Never would have known he was the prodigal son (in a way) Great shedding of light on the Masons as I am one.
 I love this book.  Dan Brown is one of the best thriller writers of our time.<br/>I can't put it down.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat and wanting more.<br/>Recommended for everyone who likes mystery and intrigue.
 Ugh ... well - I've read the trilogy, and this one was the worst.  The ending was such a let down. I found that I couldn't wait to get through the book - not for more, but for it to end.  Very sad because I *LOVED* "Angels &amp; Demons" and "The DaVinci Code".  Bummer ...
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Digital-Fortress-A-Thriller/dp/0312944926/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Digital Fortress: A Thriller</a>Yes the fact that I was able to buy it so easy was a great help to me. Because I don't have the mobility to run to the book store. A lot of things that I buy through Amazon are that way. I would have to either arrange a ride the proper store if it is even in the small town of Roswell. So thank you.
 I read Da Vinci Code as well as Angles and Demons.  Dont let the length of this book scare you.  While it starts slow to develop the characters, it is well worth the wait.  I read it too fast and there was so much information, I am going to read it again soon.  I just have too many friends that wanted to get their hands on it before my second read.
 Dan Brown is a very gifted writer but I was a bit disappointed with the Lost Symbol.  The pattern was all too familiar and predictable.
 Absolutely love this book. How does Dan Brown keep coming up with the goods? A truly amazing mind and great storyteller. Think this is my favourite book from this author.
 This newest Dan Brown is well crafted and exciting.  I've read the book and my wife and I are listening to the unabridged CD version.  While there many parallels to the Code, the Lost Symbol is exciting and Brown's images of D.C. are excellent.  A good read!
 Bought as a gift. Service was very good and received the book in less than a week
 His first 2 books of this genre were great, but the formula is a bit worn now.
 I enjoyed the Da Vinci Code and had been looking forward to Dan Brown's new book. What a let-down.  It is wordy, repetitious and derivative, but mostly and unforgivably, it is boring. I knew who the villain really was almost immediately, and there was way too much about the Masons. The spells and demons went on and on. Toward the end, I was just skimming through the pages to see how it finally ended.
 I read most of the other reviews and I'm glad I don't put much stock into them. I loved the book! Good job, Dan Brown! I am a true fan. You always give me more to think about.
 SPOILER ALERT<br/>Oh please!  They are worried about a VIDEO getting out??  Doesn't Dan watch History Channel?  That's all they show for god's sake!  And I figured out that it was his son after the robbery--poor telegraphing.  Sorry but getting through this was like laying a five pound turd.  DaVinci Code was much better.
 I love Dan Brown
 I've come to grow and love the way that Dan Brown writes his novels. This one did not disappoint and I cannot wait to read Inferno!!!
 An amazing read!
 I don't know what book some of these other reviewers are reading, but the book I got was fantastic. I read the first 1/2 prior to going to Washington DC with my sister. We visited all the mentioned places, followed the clues, analysed the art, and just couldn't read the book fast enought.<br/><br/>It was fantastic. I found the ending very thoughful, and I'm still thinking about it. Read the book! If you're not in DC, at least pull the images up online to make the book even more alive for you.<br/><br/>Loved it.
 Good read..but not up to Dan Brown's usual..would recommend it fora a summer read.Looking forward to the new book that came out..
 An absolute waste of time. I really liked the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, but this book was about a 100 pages too long, with weak writing, and sub-standard story.
 Normal Dan Brown...I'm a big fan.
 This was a book I could just not put down.  The story moved along really well and kept you enthralled.  Then the climax happened, and you had to deal with the last 20 percent of the book board board of your a**
 Dan Brown is amazing. I love every book in the Robert Langdon series and this is now one of my favorites.
 Loved the book. It is an easy read. Constant twist in the plot, keeps you looking<br/>for more. The things mentioned, like Noetic Science, can be found easily on the internet. They do exist.I was skeptical at first, but all references can be found.<br/>It gives you a good look at the true nature of Free Masons. What they really beleive and the betterment of humanity. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes fast moving action and suspence.
 I guess after reading Da Vinci Code, love that book.  This book read like a movie script, I saw Tom Hanks running from scene to scene.  It wasn't as compelling as Da Vinci.  But I also enjoyed some of the facts, I didn't know.
 I am a big fan. It was good for a while then at the end it was a real let down.
 Excellent!
 I had read Dan Brown's other best-sellers practically straight through and this book was just as intriguing as the others.  I love how he just grabs you at the beginning and weaves the storylines throughout.  I'm a bit skeptical of some of the "facts" but loved reading how the weight of the body changes soon after death....YES!!!<br/><br/>I didn't want it to end and look forward to the movie.
 I really enjoyed this book I bought it for my dad and father in law for Christmas.  Excellent book and excellent author.
 If you like Dan Brown you will love this book.  Not quite as good as the Divinci Code but just as good as Angels and Demons.  Large Print version makes it easy to read late night.
 Love Dan Brown books.  Another good book by him.  The Robert Langdon series is the best series for all books.
 The Lost Symbol was a great read. There were many twists and turns along the way.  It is the kind of book to be given to you adventurous friends, or someone who is bored with life!
 I have now read all of Dan Brown's books. LOST SYMBOL is creative and a page turner, as are his other books. I found the end to drag on forever in this case, though. If you like his other books, I believe you will enjoy this.
 Loved the book, Dan Brown is my favorite author.
 Love all his books. This one was one has got to be my favorite though.<br/>The facts really make you think.
 This is an excellent book if what you want is to fall asleep as rapidly as possible. The story moves pathetically slow without purpose; as if the author is on a quest to fulfill a page count commitment to the publisher.<br/><br/>Tolstoy's War and Peace and Solzhenitsyn's Doctor Zhivago, were slow starters, as the authors colored in character personalities and situational awareness. Ultimately, however, the full glory of the cast was realized and the magnificence of the stories became crystal clear and reader appreciated.<br/><br/>Not so with The Lost Symbol! It just droned on and on until finally it mercifially stumbled to a close.<br/><br/>Joel D. Smith<br/>Huntington Beach, CA
 Great book.  Very difficult to put it down - just want to keep reading and reading.
 Just as good as "The Da Vinci Code". Great read that makes you want to devour the book in one sitting. All the twists and turns popular with Dan Brown. In my opinion, the violence could be toned down a little. However, it certainly gets your attention.
 I actually enjoyed this one more than the Davinci Code, which I thought was one of the best books ever.  Fast paced and fun, a little predictable, but definitely worth the read.  Enjoy!
 The book came in a timely fashion and was in excellent conditon.  My added surprise was it is a hardback, which I had not realized when ordering.  Thank you so much!  It was a great purchase and a fabulous read!
 One of my favorites!
 I have read every one of Dan Brown's books. This one is his best by far. This book was fast paced, very well researched, and kept you on your toes throughout the book. I hope his next one is even better than this.
 As usual I enjoyed Dan Browns' book. At the eut nd it got a little bit long, but I loved how it started off at a running pace. I also enjoyed all the twist and turns. Over all a good read.
 Very thought provoking, exhilarating, and enlightening.  It has opened my eyes on how to think about history. Definitely a great read.
 I really do enjoy the way Dan Brown can be so creative in using our past as a way to explore new possibilities into what could be. How many times can the same thing happen to one man, and the same way every time? I feel the books are all written the same way, and that there needs to be some change to grasp my attention. The book is good, and I would recommend it to anyone.
 I've waited for years for a new Dan Brown book and this was a fun read I coulsn't wait to get to the next page.
 I am still only halfway through but it is a rivetting book which keeps my interest at every page, and which as a Mason I even more fascinating.  Thank you Dan Brown.
 Interesting symbology, but mostly a boring chase through Capitol and DC basements with a crazed CIA director. Not exactly an intellectual mystery.
 Absolutely astounding! This book grabs you from the start and doesn't let go until you have read every page. Intriguing food for thought. You don't want to miss this one.
 Dan Brown makes other authors look  like amatuers . Excellent ! Couldn't put it down .
 This thriller is just as exciting and even more believable than some of his earlier ones.  I thought I knew Washington, D.C., pretty well, but he opened my eyes to some new facts.  Should be of interest to men, women, young and old.  but be prepared for an all-nighter.  Once you start, you can't stop.  Loved it!
 As expected, Dan Brown new book is everything I wish for in one of his books, it has been a page turner and a wonderful way of seeing the city of Washington and it's monuments and buildings with a new light.<br/>Hope I don't have to wait to long for the next one.
 The book arrived quickly and in brand new condition as stated, I was very happy with the service.
 I enjoyed the story overall, but found the great revelation at the end a bit disappointing.
 Another good Dan Brown mystery.  A lot of hokey, but fun just the same.  Good product, good price, fast service.  Would buy from this seller again.
 Great Book at a bargain and for a good cause!
 This book followed closely the style of Dan Brown's previous works, as would be expected.  It kept me interested until the last 30 pages.  The last chapter almost seemed anti-climactic and contrived.  I was disappointed in the end.  Was it worth the read? Yes.  But not what I expected.
 Having read all of Dan Browns previous thrillers this book lived up to his outstanding writing that makes you not want to put the book down. Outstanding.
 I was looking forward to  great read.What i got was a lot of historical mishmash and the actions of people who were supposedly highly intelligent. Oh, My! What bumbling idiots. And the whole book is about 200 pages too long with all the Mumbo Jumbo and mystical meanderings. Don't wast your time with this one. The movie will probably be better and at least, you can watch it without having to wade throough the mire of the book. Gag.
 This was a good book with good plot. Robert Langdon is a good author, you will enjoy ready this book
 First off I want to say that this is typical Dan Brown.  If you're a Dan Brown fan then you won't be disappointed. The book was great.  The research and intelligence that went into this novel was superb.  I loved every second of it from start to finish.  I was especially grateful that the e-book was available on the same day that the hard copy was.  Well done to his publishers for doing that.  Well done and bravo to Dan Brown for taking what the Secret did to a whole other level. Great, great job.
 This was one of the worst. Author should have quit with DaVinci. he goes off on long winded tangents too many times and I found myself {to his credit} skipping pages and rushing to the END..Mr. Brown seems to have a preoccupation with claustrophobia and all his characters seemed boxed in.It seemed written with an eye toward Hollywood and Not D.C. This one not on my A list.
 I was a huge fan of the Da Vinci Code and had a big expectation of this book and got it immediately when it came out.  It was boring, perhaps the storyline is so similar to his other books starring Robert Langdon.  While reading the book, I felt like I was back in school.  I felt like I was being lectured to often times - A History of Masons - if you will.  I dozed off at one point. The characters were very likable but the antagonist's background was predictable for me. Needless to say, the book did not live up to my expectation.  Thank goodness, I bought the kindle version (9.99) and not the actual book.
 Great book in terms of relaying history, Dan Brown is an expert at this. However, given his previous offerings the plot was kinda expected. Still a great book
 Love it ..it makes me want to exþlore Washington DC
 I'd forgotten I'd already read it until a few pages into it. Nevertheless, it was as good the second time around. Brown's books are real page turners.
 Once again Dan Brown has grasped the collective unconscious and written anothe winner. After reading this book you will surely want to visit Washington DC again but, this time, with different eyes.
 Wow ! Could this book have worse. It was outrageously horrible. I have my own theory about creation of this novel. Dan and his publisher decided to write a new thriller. They found a secret way to do this. They created a secret chamber inside publisher building. In that building they designed and installed a secret blender with mystic symbols on it. They put "Deception Point" and "The Vinci Code" for 13 days while the blender was rotating at an angle of 33 degree. After 13 days, a old secret ritual are performed and video shooting was done with high ISO setting so that the final video is grainy with muffled voices. After the ritual the publisher's staff who were wearing pure white cloth created out of baby rabbit fur applied special chemical to the blended papers inside the belnder and poured the content inside a machine which was created by technologies used by CIA to create a 509 pages and they binded that book in pure black hard cover and publisher and Dan were astonished to see that book. Since they lost many symbols from the The DaVinci Code book in blender they called this book as the "The Lost Symbol"<br/><br/>I read all books by Dan, I liked all of them but this one. I mean it was horrible read. I am also sad by the sold out reviwers of print media whose reviews appear on back of this book
 This is a terrific book. The beginning is a little slow but when it picks up, it goes from zero to 60! I read the book in 2 days. I couldn't wait to see what was going to happen next. There are unexpected twists and turns in this book that leave you gasping. He brilliantly delivers another powerful book.
 Anything and everything you might want to know about the Masonic Lodge. Fast-paced thriller but I took my time to get all the historical facts and nuances.
 This is the first time that I ordered a "NEW" book, and was a bit disappointed.  The pages were not attached to the binding of the book, they were completely detached, which made the covers very floppy.  In addition, there were quite a few pages with ink spots on them.  If I didn't know better, I think they seller tried to pass of a "USED" item as a "NEW" one.  I will not be purchasing from this seller again.
 ...I respectfully offer one critique for Mr. Brown's "The Lost Symbol." The product placement offers provided by iPhone, Blackberry, Escalade and Lexus simply aren't worth the potential harm to your hard-earned reputation as an exquisitely gifted story teller. Go back to your nature. Imagine how different the world would be today if Da Vinci had painted the Mona Lisa  holding a bottle of Coca-Cola. If the offers from those product manufacturers are too good to pass up, write and star in a series of Dan Brown style commercials for them. Otherwise, the book was an intelligent page-turner with a delightfully deranged villain.
 A terrible book.  I didn't even finish it.  I'm over half way thru and it doesn't make any sense.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown:  The CIA is legally from operating inside the U.S.  They cannot arrest anyone.  They are not the Police.
 I enjoyed the book from first page to the last page of the book. The book diffferent from all the movies.
 What consists of about 500+pages of puzzles, conspiracy theories, secret society initiations, hidden Freemason knowledge and the pairing of quantum physics with the New Age (or Old Age) theory of a universal consciousness?  The new Dan Brown blockbuster, of course.<br/><br/>After a successful run, or should I say chase, down the streets of Rome in <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons-Movie-Tie-In-A-Novel/dp/1416580824/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons - Movie Tie-In: A Novel</a> and Paris in "<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>," Brown brings the action across the pond to the new world--the shining citadel that Deists around the globe proudly recognize as a onetime symbol of humanity's hope for a future illuminated with the fruition of everything man could create and imagine--Washington D. C.--the Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>In our bipartisan political framework where the media rules and dictates what the common man desires--fame, celebrity, wealth, power, plasma TV, brand new billion dollar stadiums to celebrate the idea of a bread and circus for the 21st century--Brown stands at his pulpit of mainstream popularity and delivers a bit of a profound message for the masses.  Pointing to the Capital building and the wondrous symbology of the American capital and its environs, he chastises the last---oops! --two hundred and thirty-three years, exclaiming that the very infighting that separated mankind from its own development and caused the founding of a nation that pushed aside religious and all other differences had crept into man's thinking yet again--and a veritable stirring of the ant pile that suggests a natural formation of hierarchical beings was in desperate need to return us to our original founding principles.<br/><br/>Cleverly, as media evangelist, Brown hides his own message in a carefully honed vehicle--the popular suspense novel where he lays the cornerstone of his own genre founded and perfected by him, despite the numerous unsuccessful attempts at cloning its success.  The reading public reaches for and grabs this, the Da Vinci Code School of Literature like infants seeking sugar-infused formula filled with vitamins and minerals necessary for standardized growth.<br/><br/>And grow we do, when we read Brown's interesting philosophy cloaked within the conundrum of the bestselling thriller.  Freely, for the price of $30 USD, we follow him into the bowels beneath the Rotunda and onto a magical mystery tour of arcane Americana that leads to the mythical pyramid of the Freemasons and perhaps to the rediscovery of ancient knowledge that will help us approximate the divinity of God.<br/><br/>Using the science of Noetics as a springboard, Brown discusses the connection to the universe that we, Age of Aquarians, have been pondering since we knew how to ponder.  Wonder of wonders, he deftly demonstrates the exponential power of group intention--where many minds are focused on a particular outcome, creating a phenomenal success for himself--many readers concentrated on Brown's next book--and lo and behold, it was a runaway success, commanding much discussion and speculation even before it was in print.  How's that for a universal consciousness changing and redefining Brown's world as orchestrated by Brown?  Brown will do for the theories purported by the Institute of Noetic Science what he did for all those egalitarians who loved the fact that Mary Magdeline was the first and foremost disciple of the Christ.<br/><br/>Honestly, the intense interest that Brown generates in terms of his message for the masses in the language of the mainstream is close to phenomenal.  He teaches.  He instructs.  And he gains disciples of his own that hang on his every word without the necessity of highbrow esoteric nonsense or the trill of a fancy phrase.<br/><br/>Bottom line:  This isn't great literature, but Dan Brown achieves the near impossible.  After all the numerous imitations to the formula started in "Angels and Demons" and perfected in "The Da Vinci Code," in `The Lost Symbol,' he writes another spectacular whirlwind novel, replete with a crazed villain intent on destruction, a brilliant woman scientist that acts as sacred feminine to the protagonist Professor Langdon's yang, a time-sensitive drive to solve an ancient puzzle both word and numeric, the failure of which means death to an unsuspecting innocent and rings within rings of conspirators who are not quite sure which side they are on until the very last page.  Like the conundrums of which he writes, Brown packages a message within a message that in the case of The Lost Symbol subtly urges America back to its roots, rising above the labyrinth of religious differences and bipartisan politics to soar above on the level of the Capital Dome to glimpse at its true destiny.  Formulaic at times predictable, with characters speaking as if they just emerged from a cave to see a light that for seconds blinds them, The Lost Symbol entertains and works with no need for either six nor the Masonic 33 degrees of separation.  Recommended.<br/>Diana Faillace Von Behren<br/>"reneofc"
 I am always amazed with finding the book or CD I want so fast and receiving it so promptly.<br/><br/>Thank you so much for both.<br/><br/>Granny from Centralia
 If you like Dan Brown you will love this one.
 The Lost Symbol is a great book and Dan Brown a great storyteller. The very moment you start reading, you soon realizes you can't stop anymore. The book is a real page-turner enriched with an enormous ammount of historical information,a devilish vilain and it has also lots of action. If you liked other Dan's books, you are going to love this one. I highly recomend!!!
 Another "can't put the book down".  Parts you scream, "NO"....  Hope they make this in to a movie.  Can't believe the whole book revolves around one day.....that blew my mind.  Nice that he picked the National Capitol for his book.  Can't wait for next book...
 Wow!!!!!What a book. Dan Brown is a brilliant writer. I have read 3 of his novels, and they are excellent. I hope The Lost Symbol, becomes a movie, although, his books are better. I could not put this book down, the book is writeen in such a way that it propels you to want to know what happened next. Excellent!!!!!
 The book was in excellent condition. Shipping was prompt. I have no regrets or any issues. I will rate this transaction excellent.
 Our Founding Fathers Were Masons which The Catholic Church Disdains and Abhors and in that image of Masonic symbols and logic which is completely different from the if you dont convert to Christianity we will kill mentality which is loose in the land.<br/><br/>You wiil learn who our Founding Fathers really were and how our Capital was well planned and done.
 I bought this book and it was a GREAT Deal!!! Fast shipping, brand new out the box. This book was sold at half price than most retail books stores!!!!
 I mailed this book to my son, he enjoyed it so much that he brought it to Texas for a visit and 3 other people read it. Stated it was one of the best books he has read.
 I was hooked by the first few pages. Brown does a great job of presenting controversial topics in a very mystery-driven manner. Defiinitely highly recommended.
 Dan Brown has the unique ability to weave fiction around truth.  If only he could write school text books such as history, georgraphy, and literature with his talent for truth weaved through them.  The students would have no problem remembering what they are supposed to be learning.
 I ordered my book prior to its release date, and was surprised and delighted to find it delivered to my house on the day it was released!!! LOVE Amazon...and LOVE Dan Brown! I can't wait to order his next book...although I'm sure it won't be for quite a while. I feel he is the greatest author of our time!
 The Lost Symbol was absolutely incredible. Dan Brown has the ability to create, mystery, suspense and history in his novels, a perfect combination. It was very difficult for me to put it down.I always feel that I have learned so much after reading his books. I can't wait for his next one. Chris Lane
 Grate
 I was anticipating the release of the book having read his others.  It follows a similar theme with symbolism, the Masons, etc.  There was enough action to keep it interesting, but after a while, I found myself just wanting it to be over sooner.  Overall disappointed, hoping for something a little fresher.
 can't put it down!! Want to go to last chapter to see the ending---BUT won't. Wonder what Dan Brown's next book will be about and when will it be published?
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books and especially liked the previous two with the Langdon character. I found "The Lost Symbol" to be creative but slower paced and even tedious to read at times. It was also very predictable for the most part. I still recommend the book (and Dan Brown) but like the others better.
 It was a decent page turner.  Very predictable, with a very lame ending.  The book lost me when Langdon was put in the isolation chamber.
 The reactions of the characters to various situations is beyond belief.  The gore of the book puts this on a "Halloween" movie level.  Maybe Ron Howard can improve it with the movie version.
 Another interesting book by Dan Brown. Enjoyabe fiction with facts interspersed to make an<br/>excellent read. Fun to read.
 I thoroughly enjoyed "The Lost Symbol." It was a spellbinder until the end with twists and turns that kept me going throughout the book.
 This is a GREAT book, and glad to see Amazon had it for sale on the opening day!
 Page after page like the other two books keeps you coming back for more and it is hard to put down.  I just wish it could be a little less gruesome....but still excellent.
 The book took a while to get here but when I contacted the seller she tracked the book and I received it 2 days later. It arrived in excellent condition.
 Another Dan Brown classic... great from start to finish... lots of facts and historical lore... I enjoyed every page.
 I really enjoyed this book. It was as good or better than his other books.
 This was the best of Dan Brown's three novels (Angels and Demons, The DaVinci Code).  I found so much symbolism and intrigue in this book that I couldn't stop listening to it.<br/><br/>It seemed like Robert Langdon had a lesser role than in the previous novels, and more of a disbeliever.  Perhaps that was intentional to bring out the other characters.
 Great read!
 This is one of those authors who stay close to what they know, and it works wonderfully. I recommend this book to his fans and first time readers alike.
 This was definitely a thriller. My favorite of the Dan Brown novels remains the Da Vinci Code for its complexity and perspective, but this one was equally as engaging. Never seems to disappoint. The ideas brought to light are indeed intriguing, especially for a history-lover, but one must have an open mind to truly appreciate the intended message.
 Entertaining!! It's likre traveling to the locations...
 It was long but filled with wee thought out surprises.
 I read this book a couple of weeks ago, and I must say that I was glad that Freemasons were not treated the same way Opus Dei was in DaVinci Code.  Although the puzzles were a bit easier to solve that in past books the plot and characters were as good if not better.
 The sales say it all!  Over six million copies in less than three months...... now that's a review that any author would like.<br/><br/>Great book... all his books are great. Take a look at his website especially the section marked 'secrets'....very interesting and amazing facts about our strange world.<br/><br/> ...]
 Horrible, at least 300 pages too long.<br/><br/>The words "Suddenly, everything made sense.." or a different version of it were used I would guess 25 times in the book.  I mean its a good way to build suspense but by the fourth time I just felt "seriously, everything makes sense.. AGAIN"<br/><br/>Very bad, I really wish I hadn't wasted the time or money to read.
 This is the second Dan Brown book I have read and I am hooked. His story telling is like know one else I ever read. A must read!
 I purchased this product and it was delivered in the condition described. It shipped out very quickly as well, a nice bonus.
 I was very disappointed with this latest book by Brown....it needs about 100 pages edited out....what a grueling read.
 This is a really great reading, exspecially when you are relaxing. also the speedy service of amonzon was great. I got my book in no time at all.
 This book is not as good as Angels and Demons; however, it is still worth the read. Dan Brown is a great author if you are looking for a quick but entertaining read!
 Problem with the first disk. The book on CD is wonderful, great story, but the first disk is damaged or recorded wrong and repeats and jumps around chapters.  I am on the last few chapters now and have not had a problem except for the first disk.
 Dan Brown can always impress me with his excellent writing skill.<br/>This book is better than Angels and Demons
 GREAT BOOK! Can't say enough. A MUST READ for all you Dan Brown/Robert Langdon fans! You won't be sorry. Keeps you wanting more.
 Excellent book  takes a couple of discs to get into the story..I recommend it Highly !!!!
 Main Entry: dreck<br/>Variant(s): also drek  \'drek\<br/>Function: noun<br/>Etymology: Yiddish drek &amp; German Dreck, from Middle High German drec; akin to Old English threax rubbish
 This book was no DaVinci Code.<br/>Too Cliff Claveny<br/>Too predictable<br/>Too slow<br/>And if I never see the word "nonetheless" in a book ever again, it won't be too soon.<br/>It does however make me want to take a tour of DC. So that's a plus.
 terrible
 And here I thought "The di vinci Code" was pretty good. This one has more twists and turns then a mountain highway and just when you think you have figured everything out BAMM the story takes a 180. If you plan on reading this book start it on a Friday because you will not be able to put it down.
 Excellent read. The book I ordered came quickly, was packaged well, and was in excellent condition.
 This was a fine read.  It is a heavy burden for the author of DC to overcome expectations.
 The book really is a page turner. There is a good bit of action, mystery and suspense. The history and symbolism of the Mason's is really interesting. The big annoyance was Brown's interjections that seem to have the goal of making Christians feel stupid for being a Christian. He uses language meant to sound like fact to explain away the tenants of the Christian faith, as if it is really all just one big conspiracy to control people. Meanwhile he calls people like the renown Satanist Aliester Crowley as simply being "misunderstood". Most of these sometimes page long tangents have absolutely squat to do with the actual story and it gets annoying quickly. All in all it is a decent book, just take the side notes with a grain of salt.
 An intense, can't-put-down read.  Beautifully written and fantastically researched. Particularly interesting to me since grandfather, father were Masons, grandmother; Eastern Star.
 Go and read it.
 Packed with action and a little history of Washington D.C. I really enjoyed this book
 we received very good service.  it was easy to order and the item came here incredibly fast.
 Mr. Brown's story is 509 pages long but reads like 709.  Did he get paid by the page??
 At the risk of sounding too enthusiastic, I'm going to be completely frank here. This is the smartest, wisest novel so far published in the 21st Century. It's a super page-turner, too, but that tends to get lost in the wit and wisdom Dan Brown offers to an entertainment consuming public sorely in need of tales with substance. No doubt the novel will irk those with established interests to protect, but hopefully it will also inspire thought and discussions about the bigger picture humanity is part of. If you have ever thought about truth, religion, or the direction mankind is taking, read this book - you'll enjoy it!
 This book, as usual per Dan Brown, grabs you at the first page and keeps you up at night until you finish.  The characters were well developed and the surprise at the end I did not see coming.  His writing is wonderful and the scenes he paints puts you in the middle of the book.
 This book is not only intellectually inspiring but also speaks out the deep explaination towards many sensitive topics. Good job, Dan Brown! I highly recommend the fans of Dan Brown to read this book which is worth the effort and your bucks! The best quote I like is "Open your minds, my friends. We all fear what we do not understand." This I believe has something to do with religious prejudice. Anyway, it is another surpirse from the author of Angels and Demons.
 If you are a curious person, a science junkie or just knowledgably of Washington D.C. you'll love this book. If you are a Dan Brown fan then you'll really enjoy this book. If you are not a reader in general then you'll probably.... maybe dislike it.
 Dan Brown- The Lost Symbol-(hardcover)-The title made me want to read the book. Once I started I couldn't put it down Just when I thought I had figured out what was happening it took a turn. Full of suspense,a can't put down book.
 Dan Brown's book, The Lost Symbol, is poorly written jibberish. It is obviously written to sell as a screenplay. The character development is lousy; the story line ridiculous; the explotation of the Masonic Order is outrageous, and it is shameful that Brown is going to make millions off of this trash.
 Gripping
 Book received in excellent condition just as promised - on the day it got released
 Dan Brown has done it again.  This is even better than "DA VINCI Code."  What a  great read.<br/><br/>I realize it is a novel as he states; but the descriptions and places of action (buildings, streets, interior locations) are all very familiar to this old guy!<br/><br/>He must be a member of the organization he talks about, to know ALL the rituals!<br/><br/>Superior writing and amazing tension just keeps one glued to the pages.<br/><br/>WES
 This book is a page turner and I have already passed it on to a friend.  Can't wait to see Tom Hanks again on the big screen....it's gonna happen, right?
 This is a Great Book.  This is the first of the Dan Brown books I have read and I can not put it down.  If you are a fan of Dan Brown I think you will like it.  If you have never read Dan Brown before this I would recommend it.  You may want to pick up the "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" because there are references to them through out the book but it won't hurt if you have not read them.  I would recommend this book highly.
 There are tons of highly detailed reviews here, so this one will be short....  It's a Dan Brown novel!  Yes, it's along the same vein as Angels and DaVinci...which is why I was looking forward to it so eagerly!
 I enjoyed this book even more than I enjoyed Angels and Demons and The DaVinci Code.
 I was so eager and excited to see the new book of Dan Brown. Book it from Amazon and think I might have to wait because it is hot one now. However, I experienced a very good service. Delivery on time. And of course, nice book, interesting story.
 I find this to be one of the best Brown novels yet. I have all of his books and liked them all, but I have to say I have enjoyed this one more than the others, save maybe Angels &amp; Demons. It was interesting to look up all the different things in the book and research the true story behind it while reading.
 The book is marvelous.  Action almost from the start.  Dan Brown is the master of suspense and this book is well worth reading.  You won't be disappointed.
 In one word?  Wow!  Loved it!  The best so far by Dan Brown!  A must read for lovers of this series!
 WOW! I just couldn't put this book down. I am amazed at how much research must have into this work. I highly recommend it.
 While not on the level of The Da Vinci Code.  Non the less Dan Brown's novel The Lost Symbol is a fast moving, very well documented mystery story that will hold your interest until the end.  I highly recommend this book.  L.P.
 Another good Dan Brown thriller, but a weak ending.  I think he lost it with a 50 page anti-climax of metaphysical ramblings.  The book essentially ended with the dispatch of the antagonist.
 Super read, can't put it down! Lots of historical facts, and for those familiar with Washington, DC, you'll be surprised at what you did not know about this city! Great follow-up to DaVinci Code!
 I had a difficult time putting this book down.  The theories the author presents in the story challenged me to think about my own beliefs.  The story was full of excitement and twists.  I was able to guess some of the twists before they happened, but not too early on in the story.  It was fast paced and was one of my favorite books now.
 Not as good as Angels and Demons, which has been my favorite out of all of his books. The end was a bit anticlimactic for me, but true to Dan Brown, it is filled with historical facts and accuracy about the freemasons, secret societies, symbols and our countries founding fathers, among others! A very good read.I was engrossed in it until it was finished. Took me about a day. Dan Brown is always an intelligent read.
 The puechase was great and the Book was amazing.  The release date delivery was late one day, due to UPS mis sorting it.  I was promptly refunded the shipping carges without having to ask.  Thak you amazon
 I am such a fan of DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons. I did not think The Lost Symbol would be able to live up to the thrill of its predecessors.  I was wrong.  The Lost Symbol has become my new favorite and I am ready to book a flight to D.C.!!  A great read - Dan Brown's writing is truly sublime!!
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books, this book does not meet the engaging standard I would have hoped.  Boring.
 This was another great book by Dan Brown. I love the Robert Langdon character and I would definately recommend this book.
 I only made it ti page 252, and I had to put it down,<br/>The most boring, text like, dull storey i have tried to read.<br/>This book is so bad I would give it 0 stars. Do not waste a dime reading this insanity, unless of course you like insane things.
 Loved it!  There's no need to pick this apart--just enjoy it for what it is.  Perfect?  No, but awfully good and completely engrossing.
 Thoroughly enjoyed all four of Brown's previous books.  This one put me to sleep.  Pointless.  I fear he's run out of steam.
 My niece asked me to order this for a friend for Christmas.  It was a last minute thing so I didn't think we would get it in time, but we did.  I hope her friend liked it, but we were pleased with the quick delivery.
 I started to read this book's couple of pages around 10:30pm and I fell sleep. I thought oh, this is not good. But then the other day I just couldn't put it down. It was exciting. Same Dan Brown twists.
 One of the 2 best that Brown wrote!  Angels and demons was the other one
 What a colossal waste of time. Boring, uninspired, trite and corny. Save your money buy a comic book.
 I ordered this book on the 15th of December, waited for the package to arrive, but didn't recieve anything.  I inquired the sender about the package, but didn't recieve a response.
 Though I seldom read fiction, I thorougly enjoyed Dan Brown's "The Lost Symbol." As a teacher in the consciousness movement for nearly 30 years, I am thrilled that through this book Dan Brown is introducing the very important and timely topic of the co-creative power of thought and intention to such a very, very wide audience. Having personally spent time in dialogue with Lynn McTaggart and other scientists sharing similar views on the power of consciousness such as Deepak Chopra, Gregg Braden, Bruce Lipton and Elizabet Sahtouris, I appreciate how Dan has handled the explanation of this science in such a creative, yet accurate, way. Thank you, Dan! Wendy Craig-Purcell, author of "Ask Yourself This!"  ASIN:087159336X Ask Yourself This: Questions to Open the Heart, Expand the Mind and Awaken the Soul]]
 Don't listen to the haters, the book worth to read. I am not saying it is flawless in every aspect, but it is a good mixture of reality and fiction (heavier on the fiction side:).
 Dan Brown has yet again created a work of art that makes the reader really think... fantastic!
 This book picked up right where Dan left off in the Davinci Code. Once you start, you can't put it down.<br/>A must read for any avid reader.
 Why did I think I would like this?<br/>Why did I read this book?<br/>Why did I buy it?<br/><br/>Heed this warning.
 Outstanding
 We NEVER received this book!!!  Not sure where the fault lies, but it was truly "LOST".  We ended up going to WalMart to purchase it for Christmas gift.  Makes me not trust the process of ordering on line or the tracking.
 book was great.
 Most readers should pay attention to the knowledge transmitted not only to the plot... This is an extremely powerful book. A mind opener!!!
 I've just started reading the book, but so far it has the same feel as the Da Vinci code.
 It was a suspenseful and moving novel. A good read. Not as good as DiVinci Code however
 The book, "The Lost Symbol," was in great condition and it arrived withing a week of purchase.  I was very impressed with the vendor.
 Great read!
 I was expecting more. It was good. But after having to wait so long for it I was expecting more. His other books were much better. Seemed sort of predictable.
 Great deal on books on Amazon.com<br/><br/>Book arrived in just two days in new condition.  I saved $$$ from buying in a store.
 I was very disappointed in this book. Read and loved the Da Vinci Code but this one is so incredibly bad. You have to suspend belief about the plot and the CIA's involvement. Hope in another 6 years he comes up with a better book.
 The story kept my attention till the very end just like "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons".
 it was a gift
 Great book to keep your peek interest.  Love listening to the great suspense on cd on a long car trip.
 This has definitely been an excellent book.  Not quite Angels and Demons but probably better the the Da VInci Code.  I find myself reading a hundred pages of this book in no time.
 This was wrongly charged to my credit card, I never purchased it and I never received the money back for this. I don't know how this happened, amazon sellers and the site itself are always reliable. I don't care about the money. I just hope it doesn't happen again.
 Certainly not worth the wait!  The only good that may come out of this book would be an increase in Washington, DC tourisim.  Hollywood, don't waste your time.
 THE LOST SYMBOL WAS WONDERFUL, IN DAN BROWNS' STYLE,SO EXCITING , GRIPPING AND MYSTERIOUS, I COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN. THE DARK PASSAGES,INTRIGUE AND THE TWIST-- WOW AND OF COURSE THERES THE FACTUAL SIDE THAT KEEPS YOU THINKING ONCE YOUV'E FINISHED THE NOVEL. WHAT'S NEXT DAN ?
 I received this book even faster than I expected.  It was new and arrived in excellent condition.  Plus, if you are a Dan Brown fan I think you will want to read his latest.
 weak compared to other dan brown books. begins to improve in the last tenth of the book only to have a truly awful ending. disappointing despite low expectations.
 I started reading Dan Brown 5 years ago when a friend handed me Angels and Daemons. A&amp;D made me read all other DB books published previously. After reading The Lost Symbol I still maintain Angels and Daemons as his best book.<br/><br/>I still give Symbol a 5 because despite the similarity in plot to all his other works Dan Brown is trying in a story format to convey his excellent understanding of Freemasonry and the spiritual laws that govern it. He also shares a view of religion that I believe is capable of saving the world if humanity embraces it. Apotheosis, or the potential of man as God, is a common theme across most religions and DB does a great job explaining it to a world that has lost the idea or would consider it as heresy. I thought Brown did a great job expressing the Freemasonic and spiritual leanings of the founding fathers of the United States and presented a view that I believe settles the debate over whether we are a Christian nation or not. His answer is that we are a spiritual nation that believes in decency towards others and a view of the whole world as creatures with a potential to become gods. This prospect makes any differences or disputes over religious issues insignificant and distracting from what we can truly become.<br/><br/>A word about controversy. This view of man's destiny to become god is where the controversy lies in this book and I expect to see some heated discussions about it by the clergy in the coming weeks. To those who thought that DaVinci Code and its theories about the Virgin Mary were a source of controversy wait and see until the clergy read this book and understand the message it is conveying.<br/><br/>I am glad that Brown did not succumb to conspiracy theories. I liked the spirit by which he portrayed the great craft of Freemasonry and the mature understanding of religion and spirituality which he portrayed during the book.<br/><br/>Looking at some of the reviews that are already online it is unfortunate to note that many of these reviewers had such a narrow focus and failed to comprehend the great message within the story.
 Let us use the noetic power of our collective minds to force Dan Brown to write a better book.
 I liked it better than the da Vinci code
 My new book came for a fraction of its list price very quickly.  I am so pleased with the variety available to me on Amazon.
 really enjoyed reading this book, from the first few pages till the last. The element of mystery and symbolism and great questions that have always bothered mankind were artfully interwoven in the storyline. It really got me thinking about supernaturality/ religion/science / etc.<br/><br/>this is a must read. I also liked the fact that the vhapters are so short.
 This book is well writen and well thought out and better than the first two. Good info and a good education.
 i ORDERED THE DAN BROWN BOOK THE LOST SYMBOL ON OCTOBER 10,2009. SO FAR THE ONLY THING "LOST" HAS BEEN THE BOOK!<br/>AS OF NOV.10TH I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE BOOK AND NO ONE KNOWS WHERE IT IS.<br/>MY REVIEW RATE IS "0" BUT I HAD TO ENTER 1 AS YOUR SYSTEM WILL NOT ACCEPT A "0".
 I was hooked! It was a great book and DB always gets you thinking and learning.
 This was just one bad read, most of the story you could skip right through.  The story itself was unbelievable and the characters just as bad.  Expect much bigger things from Dan Brown.
 The Lost Symbol is a "can't put the book down" type.  Very informative and exciting.  The author makes the reader feel like they are in Washington, DC. A must read for Masons.
 If you liked Angels &amp; Demons and the DaVinci Code, you will definitely like The Lost Symbol.  I think it's the best one yet.
 If you must read this book get it from the library, not worth the paper it was printed on.......
 I have never read Dan Brown's books prior to this one. What was I thinking? I loved every minute of it! It seems like a lot of reviewers are disappointed because they think The Lost Symbol is too familiar to his previous entries, but for those of you who haven't picked up a Dan Brown book I highly recommend it!
 smart writing!<br/>tense!<br/>unpredictable!<br/>great characterization, sometimes misleading (esp. Inue Sato).<br/>Dan Brown's style..<br/>a must read for those who like thriller.
 I liked it a lot. Its fun and fast paced. It was easy to follow and seemed genuinely authentic; as if it could really be true. Good book!
 Dan Brown is living off the reputation of his last book.  I found very little mystery and a large serving of muddled thinking regarding religion and mankind.  Read this book if you must and I hope you are not as disappointed as I was.
 This is probably my favorite Brown book.  Got here fast in perfect condition. Really liked the hardback. Thanks seller
 First book I purchased for my Kindle.  I was at cardio rehab in the hospital I downloaded  the book and started reading while I was on the treadmill.  AWESOME!
 While not as engaging as the previous Langdon novels, this is still an excellent book.
 This book is another classic by Dan brown that readers will not want to put down.
 If you're looking for great literature, read the classics!  If you want a page turner and would like to reconnect with Harvard symbologist,  Robert Langdon, you should enjoy The Lost Symbol. The story also gives an interesting look at the history and art of Washington, D.C.  At 509  pages it is still a quick read!  A movie version will probably be around in a couple of years.  I thought it was fun to get the Kindle version and read it on the day of release.  Also Amazon kept the price reasonable at $9.99!
 I have read the reviews by people who have given this new Brown's work a single star. The reasons? He is thinking about making a movie out of it; his is using a too structured and repetitive writing style; the characters are supposed to be intelligent but act stupid; ideas were stolen from old movies; the ending was lame; etc. Well, that might be the case but these reviewers have been overanalyzing it. My personal view of this book, which I had to force myself to put down from time to time so I would not finish it too quickly, is that it was entertaining, sprinkled with science, history, religion, symbology (of course), twists.... And I did like the end!
 I purchased the book for my father. He is a Mason, and he lived and worked in Washington, D. C.I knew he would enjoy reading this book.
 This book did not disappoint. I found myself holding my breath in anticipation of the next paragraph. I'm glad I bought it immediahtely.
 I think he sold himself out, in more ways then one...But he is a gifted author
 Another excellent novel by Dan Brown. Shipment arrived on time, and in perfect condition, could not have asked for more.
 I am almost finished with this book and I am enjoying it very much. I have enjoyed all Dan Browns books.
 Now boarding on track 33, the Symbolism Express departing for the Freemasons, the Invisible College, the Office of Security, the SMSC, the Institute of Noetic Sciences and multiple points around the cryptic compass.<br/><br/>Your temporal destination, not Paris and London, but Washington, D.C.<br/><br/>Your conductor, Harvard symbiologist Robert Langdon, the Indiana Jones of the new age.<br/><br/>Tied to the tracks in the gathering darkness ahead and facing certain death, if not embarrassment, another keeper of the ancient mysteries including the wisdom of Solomon, not a man of the Louvre, but a man of the Smithsonian.<br/><br/>Traveling alone, an attractive female relative of the man lashed to the tracks, not agent and cryptologist Sophie Neveu, but Noetic scientist Dr Katherine Solomon.<br/><br/>Sitting in the engineer's seat with a small stone pyramid rather than a chalice holding down the deadman's pedal, a rogue and tattooed Mason in search of apotheosis replaces Silas, "The Da Vinci Code's" rogue and scourged monk as our antagonist for the evening.<br/><br/>Hold on. It's going to be another bumpy ride.<br/><br/>Dreams of déjà vu remind you what the journey will be like: short chapters, multiple points of view, conflicting agendas with something very large (yet unknown) at stake, the thrill of the chase, the almost-sexual tension of near-satisfaction again and again as answers appear and disappear, multiple station stops for arcane wisdom instruction, and a desperate-save-humanity-hunt for secrets you've stared at your entire life without comprehending.<br/><br/>By the end of the novel, you won't be a 33rd Degree Mason and you won't be like unto a god in any way you can quite wrap your mind around, but you will have experienced a high-adrenaline ride. This thrill is what the journey is all about. Perhaps reality lurks around the edge of the plot and theme and perhaps sacred messages lurk within the vast white spaces between the lines of black type, but that's not why we're turning the pages from 1 to 509.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has done it again, and upon reflection at the dawn's first light, you'll see that he knows how to pull the right strings and push the right buttons and sprinkle the right esoteric seasonings across his smorgasbord of mysteries from around the world to keep readers addicted for the trip. On the last page, you may well hope, along with Robert Langdon and Katherine Solomon that men and women will follow the ancient maps toward their true potential; but seriously, the novel's destination really doesn't matter, does it, because the ride was the peak experience you were seeking when you picked up "The Lost Symbol."<br/><br/>All aboard.<br/><br/>Now, humor aside, will "The Lost Symbol" matter as much as "The Da Vinci Code"? No, because suggesting Jesus Christ was married and had a child is a much more volatile premise that suggesting the United States was created in whole or in part by Freemasons and/or that it's being controlled by them now. Sure, there are dozens of books out there about Masons and Templars, but they don't have the controversy generating spark of the Holy Grail and Mary Magdalen. If you read "The Da Vinci Code" more because of the controversy than the story, you may be disappointed in "The Lost Symbol." If you're considering "The Lost Symbol" for the love of the chase and the symbolic puzzles, you'll probably have fun.
 Service was perfect on this pre-order, as it was received on the very day it was released.  I haven't finished reading the book, but so far, it is fantastic, as are all Dan Brown's works.
 Thanks!
 I thought a little slow getting started but his style of bringing you only so far then changing scenes, keeps you turning pages. As usual always a couple of things that don't seem probable.
 this book is even more outlandish than Angels and Demons, let alone the Davinci Code. The thing that really bothers me about the book is how Dan keeps inserting italics when someone has a thought.
 Dan Brown, in my opinion, has always struggled with his writing. He generally weaves an interesting story, but he does not have the writing skill to be a great author. In his newest novel, The Lost Symbol, Dan Brown's writing is worse than usual. Normally I would push past this and attempt to find interest in the story, but in The Lost Symbol even the story is weak.<br/><br/>This book was a challenge to get through. The writing was very formulaic. While reading I got the sense that Dan Brown was just showing off his knowledge about conspiracies. The plot never came together to form a cohesive story. I kept waiting for the author to pull everything together at the end of the novel in a way that would explain away the many confusing tid-bits of information and the many plot holes. The author, in my opinion, never explained the main premises for the book, something he calls the Ancient Mysteries. I never understood exactly what they were. This distanced me from the book on a further level than simply being confused. With previous novels such as The Da Vinci Code I could relate to the book because while Dan Brown was making a ridiculous claim, the claim was based off of a common tale (That of Jesus Christ). The ridiculous claim in this book was based off of a less widely known tale. I felt myself not caring about whatever conspiracy that Dan Brown revealed about the Free Masons, because I did not care about the Free Masons in the first place.<br/><br/>I also found the many religious references to be off putting and fanciful. The author stresses that humans are in fact Deities, and that this is clearly stated in the bible and in all other faiths across the world. Dan Brown, by lumping many religions together and saying that they all share the same message, makes some incorrect statements about many eastern based religions.  The author was grasping at straws with this book. It was clear that by making these sweeping generalizations about religion that he was trying to find another great, or at least semi-believable controversy, liken to that of The Da Vinci Code's Conspiracy. He did not find that controversy. This lack of a controversy or conspiracy meant that Dan Brown could make no shattering realizations with his book. There was no moment when one said, "Oh my God. That kinda makes sense in a ridiculous way." I felt that this was why the author could not pull together the novel in the last chapters. There was nothing to pull together. There was no sweeping statement to be made. This left the reader very unsatisfied at the end of the book.<br/><br/>This dissatisfaction with the story as well as the truly atrocious writing made this book truly unbearable. I realize that many people will feel compelled to read this book out of tribute or duty to the books author, but I would suggest that the reader should not bother. The Dan Brown that wrote The Da Vinci Code is gone. He has run out of stories to tell. Please take my word and do not spend your money on this purchase. I will confess that I had reservations about purchasing this book in the first place, but I felt and obligation to read it, as my surname is Solomon, which coincidently is the surname that one of the books main characters has. I however, am not incredibly wealthy, nor am I a prominent Free Mason.
 Incredible that Mr. Brown continues to churn out this trash. This is the worst yet. Not worthy of the name "novel." And to think this'll be the most popular novel in the country, probably for months. truly depressing.
 If you like Dan Brown's writing style you will like this just as much if not more then the rest of his books
 This is probably his best book.
 The Lost Symbol is very good. It grabs your attention from the first page and you are hooked the whole way through.
 Holds your interest. Gripping at times. Interesting philosophies expressed.an Browns books are all worth reading.
 Amazing book great knowledge of the city it makes me want to go visit D. C. just to check the facts.
 the book was in good condition, but they charged almost as much as the book for shipping. there was no way it would have cost that much.
 As someone who enjoyed The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, I'd just like to say the following:<br/><br/>Dear Reader:<br/>  Wait for the paperback....really!!!  You know how some authors write some enjoyable novels that make a fortune then throw out some mediocre fluff because they know with their name on the cover it will fly off the shelf?  Well, it happened again.  Really!<br/>Signed,<br/>Wasted anticipation and money<br/><br/>Dear Dan Brown:<br/>  Six years of waiting for this?  Really!  Here's what I think happened...you had a contract to get a new novel out this year but you spent the last 5 1/2 years enjoying yourself with all the money you made...okay, you earned it...enjoy!  But wait, now you have to hustle and get a novel to the publisher.  No problem, you think as you take out the outline for the previous books.  Instead of the grail, you'll make it some "Lost Symbol" mainly because you're at a lose as to how you're going to meet that deadline.  For the female role, you'll turn her into a scientist in some unknown field.  Just so you can have another female star in the movie, you'll throw in a CIA agent.  Instead the crazy priest, you'll make that role just a plain psycho that another Hollywood hunk can play.  You'll go through the motions but this time Langford won't be as sharp as before which makes sense because you aren't either. Instead of the Catholic church, you'll use the Masons because you can Google Masons and get all kinds of alledged secrets and mysteries as you sit by the pool and sip on some expensive scotch.  You'll use Washington DC because, like the Masons, it's easy to Google and maybe you've seen National Treasure.  Okay, that takes care of the first 2/3 of the book.  You're almost there and you can see the money rolling in so you just wrap up the whole package with your optimism and hope that you can pull it off.  Well, congratulations.  It worked and I was amoung the million that were suckered on the 15th.  I give you one star for the book and one star for the balls.  I hope you enjoy my money but, Mr. Brown, please know that I don't believe you earned it and I don't think even you do.  Really.<br/>Signed,<br/>Disappointed
 OVERALL IT IS A REALLY GREAT BOOK TO READ THAT TAKES THE READERS THROUGH AN ADVENTURE IN WASHINGTON DC.  IT GAVE ME A PICTURE OF THE RICH HISTORY OF THE WASHINGTON DC AREA THAT I WAS NOT AWARE OF AND WHEN I DO VISIT DC I KNOW I WILL BE DOING THE DAN BROWN TOUR OF DC
 I was very pleased with my pruchase.  It arrived within a week of ordering it and it was is great condition. :)
 horrible waste of time  and money  I cannot believe after six years THIS is what Dan Brown gives to his loyal followers.  Very diappointing Dan.
 best book i have read in a long time.  his best book by far because the ending was not cheasy as his other books
 I received the book exactly as it said in the description. I recommend this seller.
 Excellent writing by Dan Brown.  A real page tirner.  Hard to put down.
 Dan Brown must have blistered hands. The book is lightening fast and suspense from beginning to mid section. I'm not through with my read but I can't wait to get back to it. I'm planning my evenings around this book!
 Excellent novel. A number of twists in the plot which keeps the reader guessing right up until the end.
 Very happy with the service I received. The book arrived quickly and in great shape.
 ordered it in November for delivery in December and at 17.01.2011 still don't have it.  So review is difficult!!!
 Dan Brown and the publishers should be embarrassed...this was one of the STUPIDEST and frankly DISAPPOINTING books I've ever read.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.<br/><br/>I don't normally write reviews on Amazon, but I was so disappointed and upset at how bad this book was that I felt compelled to write one (NOTE: a couple of spoilers in here, so if you do want to waste your money and read this book anyway, be aware that I have to mention a few points in here).<br/><br/>The book was completely over-hyped, and it feels like I've wasted hours and hours of my time having read it.  Can I request a refund?<br/><br/>Dan Brown's previous books have been riveting and well thought out...this one was NOT.<br/><br/>It starts out with mysterious teasers to get you hooked, but you only keep reading with the HOPE that it will get better, and have some kind of twist or other excitement....but it doesn't get any better.  In fact, it gets progressively worse, with the quarter of the book being simply idiotic.  The ending is about as lame and disappointing as it could be (and was frankly a cop out).  If I had known how stupid the ending was, I would have stopped reading mid-way through.<br/><br/>The characters are all complete caricatures (e.g., an evil genius who tattoos his entire body by himself, but covers himself with makeup that nobody can detect, except to think it's an artificial tan), and they completely  unsympathetic.  These supposedly "brilliant" characters take some of the stupidest actions ever...almost as if they are characters in a teen horror flick, and not the supposedly educated people they are described as...such as a Harvard Professor, the head of the Smithsonian, very senior CIA officer, etc).<br/><br/>The "scientific" aspects are also unbelievable....come on - a isolation chamber filled with super oxygenated fluid that you can breathe?  And having spent hours "dead" in this fluid, Langdon can still run around afterwards like a superhero and "solve" the "hidden mystery"? Or the heroine being drained of almost all her blood, but being quickly resuscitated and then able to join Langdon in his frantic search (rather than being taken to a hospital emergency room)?  And how about a holographic computer memory containing a person's entire life work of scientific research, but she didn't think to make a back up copy of her own?<br/><br/>Dan Brown found some interesting tidbits about Masonic lore, and tied them together with a loose plot about "Ancient Mysteries", and tried to make it compelling to the reader by "revealing" some "profound secrets" to the characters at the end of a chapter, but without telling the reader what the secret is (and that it supposed to make it a compelling "mystery"??).  As a plot device, someone in a high school creative writing class could do better.<br/><br/>Don't waste your time and money and find something else to read.
 Quick quiz - what's common between DVC, A&amp;D and The Lost Symbol? I'll tell ya -<br/><br/>1) An unstoppable invincible twisted mercenary who is bigger, badder, smarter and more powerful than than 10 delta force squads put together. But then just doesn't have enough smarts to outdo Langdon &amp; Co. in the end.<br/><br/>2) A super smart woman turned damsel-in-distress turned Langdon sidekick<br/><br/>3) A super rich and influential male who is Langdon's confidant, soundboard and source of superior knowledge. And of course is inevitably kidnapped or targetted by #1.<br/><br/>4) A confident yet confused Langdon who is in "surely dead" situations but pulls a james bond everytime. And of course he's an encylopedia of knowledge of everything - from the tip of your finger nails to the 4th brick in the right wall of your neighbourhood church. And yet, he always requires 2 rounds to decipher the true meaning of clues - the first one which is obvious  and turns out to be not right, and then he has an OMG moment to figure out the "real" meaning.<br/><br/>5) And finally, paintings, pyramids, talismans - clues which are built up to have the greatest if not the most earth shattering conclusions turn out to be a little whiff of nothing. And make you go..really? (Well DVC wasn;t that bad I admit)<br/><br/>Why do i still read I ask? It's like bad music - you listen to it enough and you'll start humming it.<br/><br/>Final conclusion in two words - Skip It.<br/><br/>PS. The secret is in It.
 I was very excited when I saw that this book would be available for my Kindle.  I'd be able to download it as soon as it was released, and I wouldn't have to wait in line at a bookstore or wait several days for deliverly like all of the suckers without a Kindle.  That was the plan, but I learned my lesson.  I would have saved myself a lot of pain if I had waited for the reviews to pour in.<br/><br/>What does one expect from a Dan Brown book? An ominious conspiracy, a threat to end the world as we know it, a relentless villain, a search for a McGuffin that requires the decoding of obscure clues, and a convoluted plot that ties all of these elements together.  One doesn't expect good writing, but in The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons, the books strengths were enough to overcome Mr. Brown's weak writing.<br/><br/>For the first few chapters, the Lost Symbol seemed as if it would be equally successful.  However, as the pages wore on, it became apparent that much was missing.  The conspiracy seemed more pathetic than ominous.  In view of what has been happening in Washington D.C. recently, the threat to end the world as we know it seemed like it would be met with a shrug rather than a look of horror.  And the villain, while certainly relentless, was driven only by irrational 'roid rage.<br/><br/>The biggest disappointment was the revelation of the McGuffin after all of the clues had been decoded.  Robert Langdon, the expert on symbols who is the book's primary protagonist, could have discovered it by simply checking into his hotel, thereby saving himself and the rest of us a lot of time and effort.<br/><br/>When you reach the climax of the book (which puts an exclamation point on the irrationality of the villain), you will notice that there are quite a few pages remaining.  Mr. Brown has managed to stuff those pages with religous apologetics and pseudo-scientific nonsense, and even masochists who were willing to read John Galt's monologue in Atlas Shrugged in it's entirety will not be able to bear the finale of The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>The entire book is full of the stench of pseudo-science, and Robert Langdon was put into the role of skeptic.  In addition to the many incidents of idiotic decisions made by Langdon and the other protaganists throughout the book, Langdon has to be the most ineffective skeptic in the history of the world.  As the book's proponents of pseudo-science babble on, any reader will be virtually begging Langdon to ask the right question or raise the right objection, but there is no hope.  Langdon is the ultimate in gullability.<br/><br/>Everybody has read versions of the religious apologetics that appear at the end of the book hundreds of time.  But there is something new there.  The conclusion of the apologetics is different from normal, and it will certainly be confusing to many Christians where the arguments went off the track.  The characters were relieved at the end of the story - finally, there is hope in the world.  I was relieved as well as soon as I pressed the Delete button.
 Item unacceptable &amp; not as described -<br/>But my money was refunded.
 This book is definitely one of Brown's best, although I liked Deception Point more.<br/>Highly recommended if you liked his previous books.
 I read The Lost Symbol on a dare by a friend.  It's not hyperbole when I say this is the worst book I've ever read.  The main character, Robert Langdon, is whiny, annoying, and willfully stupid; the supporting characters are one-dimensional; the plot is completely implausible; and the writing is worse than I expected.<br/><br/>Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.<br/><br/>On the plus side, it took me all of 5 hours to read the 500+ pages.  However, those 5 hours were filled with self-loathing and regret.
 I have read this book yet but, if it is anything like the first two it will be good and can't wait to start in on this one.
 Book arrived faster than promised, Always a good thing,and in better than the promised condition. I was thrilled!
 It's a total disappointment, it has a very lame ending and total waste of money!
 outstanding book. the reseach into the philosophical basis of freemasonry was epic. thank you dan brown.
 Even though I am fan of the author and the intriguing ideas in this book I am annoyed that the author did not follow the first rule of good fiction: show, don't tell.  How could such fascinating ideas be so boring?
 As the daughter of a Scotish Rite 33rd degree Mason; an Eastern Star mother; and a member of The Rainbow for Girls and a one tijme Star member,  I am tired of the mysteriou, plotting Masons.  The Masons are nothing more or less then a group of usually prominent non-Catholic men who practice civic philanthropy; enjoy fraternal companionship while indulging in archane rituals which would be grounds for commitment if practiced openly.  About the only conspiratorial thing they do is attempt to support fellow Masons in their real lives.  Please find another group upon which to build your conspiracies.
 Brown writes excellent details.  Can tell he put a lot of research<br/>in this book.  Would strongly recommend.
 Honestly, folks, I liked "The Da Vinci Code", but "The Lost Symbol" just insults your intelligence.  IT'S THE SAME STORY!  It's not even formulaic.  IT'S THE SAME STORY!  Do not give another penny to this guy -- march down to your local library and borrow the book for free, and spend your money on your kids or pay a bill or get a pedicure.
 After Dan Brown’s previous entries in the Robert Langdon series had covered the Illuminati and the Catholic Church, respectively, his next target in The Lost Symbol was the Masons. Unfortunately, as both National Treasure (2004) and its sequel, National Treasure: Book of Secrets (2007), were released before this book came out, the setting and concept seemed derivative in The Lost Symbol. Especially with the focus on the Masons’ “treasure” for the better part of the book, I was half expecting the chase to be on a larger scale than just hopping from one Washington D.C. monument to the next as the puzzle unfolds.<br/><br/>In a bit of a combination of  Angels &amp; Demons  and The Da Vinci Code, The Lost Symbol combines the exciting twists of uncovering the secrets of a Masonic pyramid with the pseudoscience of Noetics. Of course, the plot could have omitted everything about Noetics, and it would have stood just fine on its own, so I question why it was even needed at all, except for some familial drama and a series of wordplays near the end of the book. In my mind, the puzzle-solving element brought over from The Da Vinci Code was much stronger than the “science” brought over from Angels &amp; Demons.<br/><br/>As for the book’s antagonist, I initially felt he was merely formulaic to the other enemies from previous Robert Langdon books. After all, when you have a self-motivated Illuminati Agent in Angels &amp; Demons and an albino religious zealot in The Da Vinci Code when you have a tattooed Masonic muscleman as the antagonist in The Lost Symbol, you start to see the similarities. At least this time the antagonist had a great twist near the end. However, like some of the other “twists” in this book, if you were paying close enough attention, you would have figured it out before its reveal.<br/><br/>A procedural combination of the previous two books in the Robert Langdon series, I give The Lost Symbol 3.5 stars out of 5.
 Dan Brown hit upon a tremendously successful formula for a fictional novel and has proceeded to churn out multiple books with highly similar plot devices. There is, of course, Professor Langdon, symbologist extraordinare, then there is the grotesque villain, the damsel in distress, the police personality, etc. One thing I find puzzling is how novels are defined by genre, by publishers, libraries, etc. "The Lost Symbol" is science fantasy. Brown has a superficial understanding of science and technology and it shows, as other reviewers have noted. If the reader (most of whom have no more knowledge of science than does the author) is willing to suspend disbelief at the garbled descriptions of "science" then the novel will be found to be no less enjoyable than any of Brown's other books. Examples of the nonsensical descriptions of science and technology are so numerous that they would fill a book (and they do). Here is one example that I'm sure even the average layman would scratch their head over, to wit: "...Bunsen-burner fuel - a viscous, highly flammable, yet noncombustible oil " Seriously? Highly flammable, yet noncombustible? (Should I even mention that Bunsen- burners don't use oil, they use gas?) Geez! The author veers even further from reality and goes full on fantasy with just about every nut job mystical pseudo-scientific claptrap out there incorporated at some juncture in the novel.  I would rate his other works that are not science fiction, e.g., "The DaVinci Code", to be superior in that Brown sticks to descriptions that are not outside his knowledge and research.
 (TEASER ALERT) I have read many of the reviews on this book before posting and I have to say that I find it odd that the 5 star percentile is exactly 33%. While I agree that many people point out the idiocy is many of the supposed intelligent characters, I actually 100% disagree that it ruined this story. This entire book was about the mistakes of the human race as a whole- identified through religion and the separation of God and man. If the main characters didn't make mistakes to learn through them, this book would be pointless and there would be nothing pointing to the truth of the matter- or at least no reason to point to the truth at all.<br/><br/>It seems Dan Brown has discovered something enlightening which many of us may have guessed when we read The Da Vinci Code. At the end of this book, he reveals the truth that has been secret- yet right in front of us the entire time. He gives his readers exactly what they asked for- he gives answers! Dan Brown would not possibly be able to answer anything in those books unless there were questions clearly given- which were always questioned by Robert Langdon. Robert represents the skeptic in all of us- we question everything, even when it is right before our eyes. However, Brown's style of writing mixed with his on- point dramatization skills and his knowledge and truth make a very good story when combined. Hopefully, some of you opened your Bible or your religious verses and saw that the first thing that God creates is the light- which is the first thing people see when they open their eyes...<br/><br/>Check out Genesis Chapter 1 or John Chapter 1 and you will see it. This is John 1:1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. 2 He was with God in the beginning. 3 Through him all things were made; without him nothing was made that has been made. 4 In him was life, and that life was the light of all mankind. 5 The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome a] it.In the beginning was the word and with the word was light."<br/><br/>The book only mentioned Einstein once, but Einstein's beliefs are also parallel to the idea of conscious universal design. Even the Big Bang Theory says that light was always in the beginning. Something cannot be created from nothing so light is the only possible and scientific beginning to this universe.<br/><br/>If everyone and everything is God and God is light, we are all one as light. That is the answer. That is the big secret. And yet I feel many probably missed that most crucial point while only noticing the flaws in the characters of a fictional story that happens to be about the most important truth possible.
 This book was incredibly hard to put down. I really enjoyed reading every page. Dan Brown is the master of the cliffhanger and manages to leave you on edge at the end of each short chapter. I gobbled this book up in the same way that I gobbled up The Da Vinci Code. If you are someone who likes puzzles and mysteries akin to the "National Treasure" movies, you will love this novel. However, the ending of the book is very anticlimactic and just plain weird. The ending is so bad that it seriously undermines the entire narrative up to that point. The book is enjoyable, but it would be almost be better if you stopped before the end and allowed yourself to still have a sense of mystery.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, while the book is thrilling, one should be cautious of the historical and theological claims that it makes. I am not an expert on most of the subjects treated in the book, and cannot speak for them all, but I am an expert on Christian theology. With that in mind, it has to be stated that the vast majority of claims that Dan Brown makes about Christian belief in this book are just plain inaccurate, and the Scriptures that he cites are generally used egregiously out of context. Since the claims that I can speak for are clearly inaccurate, I must unfortunately view all the other claims of the book, including the historical ones, with a great deal of skepticism.<br/><br/>So, all in all, this is a great piece of fiction, but probably not a good, unbiased historical resource. The danger lies in readers not understanding that important distinction. So long as it is read as fiction, it deserves a place in the top of the genre.
 This novel is quite a surprise. I have most of Dan Brown’s books, they are very entertaining. A wild ride, guessing...often failing at that guess...and endings difficult to predict are delightful for me because too often I know at about the halfway point whose whom and how it will end. This was particularly fun because I learned a lot of fascinating history about DC buildings I’ve visited so often alone over many years and very often with family &amp; friends from out of town who take advantage of visiting me for a free place to sleep. I’ve known “around the edges” this area is “energetic in a non-electrical way” because I’m an energy worker, a healer. This is an area that has always been energetic... its why our Capital landed there. But knowing it as a simple fact and being introduced to the Why Where When and a good bit of that carried from the past to the NOW raises this story from “another really good Brown book” to a new perspective on a place I already loved and respected. The biggest surprise is finding the mystery is metaphysical, literally... but also very human and in a way, quite normal after you get over the shock of the story not being “just fiction” after all. My opinion of the author rises also with the enjoyment I received while reading a quite unpredictable book... too few of those around. I appreciate the messages within and hope others recognize them for the good they can do on every level for anyone. Thank you Author Brown, awaiting what’s next.
 Dan Brown’s novel The Lost Symbol contains a wealth of knowledge about architecture and Washington, D.C. Brown also delves deeply into culture, mythology, and religion in this story. This keeps the reader informed. While I admit trudging through some of facts became tedious, I learned so much.<br/><br/> But Brown didn’t stop there. This story has the compressed timeframe of 12 hours added for tension. The reader is privy to all the major characters’ mindsets. And the backstories are complete. The reader knows why the character acts as he or she does. This story works on what happens when and who reveals what when. Great writing for a great story.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is Brown’s third novel featuring Harvard symbology expert Robert Langdon. This is the first Brown novel I’ve read. Langdon shares his deep knowledge of Freemasonry as well as ancient philosophies and symbols in this story. The Lost Symbol deals with highly educated people considering connections between science and religion and opens up much food for thought.<br/><br/>Dan Brown’s The Lost Symbol is a well-researched novel. It is not light reading. If you are into deep complex plots and learning and considering different ideals, then this is the book for you.
 I was really looking forward to reading this after loving Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>Overall, it was a fun read, very interesting. Brown was able to take complex legends and myths and make them run rampant in the Nation's capital. You're right there with Robert Langdon and Katherine Solomon as they chase the clues trying to find Katherine's older brother who's been held captive by one the Mason's own brothers. The captor seeks a stone pyramid is a threat to national security. Wait...what?  That's right, this stone pyramid with a gold capstone affects the state of the world. Give me a break. So now, the CIA is involved? Why would the CIA care?<br/><br/>In the DaVinci Code, I understand why the French police are after Langdon, since he's tied to a murder. In Angels &amp; Demons, he tied to other murders. However, the fact that the Dir. of the CIA OS department shows up immediately without any explanation, and all they have to work with is a severed hand? How does the Director know? The mystery lies within Dan Brown's writing. I have no idea why, and the fact that the CIA is involved is not necessary.<br/><br/>There are few other issues I had with the book outside of it's loose plot construction. One, he gets the geography wrong and timing. Langdon lands at Dulles Airport and suddenly appears on the GW Parkway headed into DC. THAT IS A HELL OF A RIDE. It would take at least an hour to get from Dulles to DC and that's without traffic. Also, he describes the Jefferson Memorial to being on the right, yes, but only in sight for a brief amount of time. The memorial is soon lost behind the stone railing of Memorial Bridge and trees. It's actually kind of hard to see the Jefferson Memorial from that bridge. 14th Street is a much better view.<br/>Two, there's a scene near the end where Langdon and Katherine are at Freedom Plaza and they need to get to Alexandria. They decide to take the red line, but the red line does not go to Alexandria. They would have to transfer from Red to Blue to cross the Potomac into Virginia. Plus, since they were in a hurry to get to Katherine's brother...this would also eat up a lot of their time.<br/>Three, also thought the idea of Langdon being submerged in a sensory deprivation pod was pretty lame. Plus, with Langdon being a pretty smart guy, you would think he'd be able to figure it out, but no.<br/><br/>It was pretty disappointing ending. I hope Mr. Brown hasn't hit his wall. I still enjoyed his characters and still spins a good yarn. There was something missing in this one.
 Yep, Mr. Brown's newest book, THE LOST SYMBOL, is a very worthy addition to his bibliography. In "The Lost Symbol," symbolist Robert Langdon is on a mission to find a Masonic pyramid containing a code that unlocks an ancient secret to "unfathomable power." It's a story of hidden history in the nation's capitol, with Masons the greatest puzzle of all.<br/><br/>The Freemasons date back to the Middle Ages, to associations of workmen who built cathedrals in Britain, though some also believe in a connection to ancient times with the mines where King Solomon took material for his Temple. Freemasonry has endured, and transformed. The British began to accept members who were not stonemasons and by the 1700s, lodges were being called "speculative," philosophical societies rather than worker guilds.<br/><br/>The book features small, easily readable chapters and is a classic Brown-style page-turner. Six years of research and an amazing passion for writing is apprent from the first page to the last.<br/><br/>If you're a big Brown fan like me, you'll appreciate that I'm not going to divulge any spoilers to would-be readers. Check it out for yourself...you will not be disappointed.<br/><br/>Highly recommened!
 I checked the ebook version of this out from my local library.<br/><br/>While I like Dan Brown's story ideas, I find his writing style to be awkward and distracting.  Rather than revealing his characters' feelings and motivations through dialog and action, he jumps point of view (POV) between characters and *tells* us what's going on in their heads.  Sometimes he does this more than once on a single page.<br/><br/>Also, the resolution of this episode (after the climax) seemed to drag on for a long time.  Whether or not this was his intention, it felt as though Mr. Brown wanted so badly to elaborate on Masonic thought and how it ties into US history, that he propped up his characters and had them engage in an extended, "As you know, Bob" style of dialog.<br/><br/>That said, the story was entertaining enough so that I'll probably read Book Four.
 The plot: Blah blah religion good, blah blah technology bad. Blah blah mysticism good, blah blah science bad. Throw in the occasional explosion, babble about Noetic science, some history about Masons, et voila! That's the book. The whole book. Seriously.<br/><br/>In every way that The Da Vinci Code was exhilarating and unique, though not terribly well-written, this book was almost cookie-cutter religious fiction. Quite honestly, I believe this "Go FAITH! Rah rah!" book was written simply to pander to (and quiet the protests of) all the Bible-beating Christians who were offended by the alternative ideas proposed in the first two books in the Robert Langdon series.
 *The Lost Symbol* is another great thriller with Dan Brown's unmistakable signature: very short chapters, a cliff-hanger at the end of each one, many twists and turns, short tutorials on many interesting subjects, and surprise endings (which, so far, I have never guessed). I particularly enjoy going to Wikipedia while I read him, to learn more about what he is talking about (and to bring some bold claims down to size). I didn't know anything about the Masons, but he inspired me to go find out about them. There are 5,593 reviews of this book on Amazon. It got 4 out of 5 stars, and all agree that it's a page-turner. So my question to the 20% who did not like it is: Why did you keep turning the pages?
 Robert Langdon is smart. He knows things and the reason behind things that most people wouldn't bother finding out.  I get that and I would probably love him as one of my professors giving me what my history books neglected. But good gracious this man has no common sense or instincts and that can get you killed. You know what people said 1000 years ago because someone did this and lead to that, blah, blah, blah. But you can't pick up the phone and speak to your mentor to find out why he's calling you at the last minute for a lecture. Or why he is arranging this important lecture through his assistant, that you've never heard of in all these years? You never question why the assistant knows to tell you to bring the package your mentor told you to keep safe and not tell anyone about but for some reason he let his assistant know about it. Really?<br/><br/>By chapter 96, I threw in the towel and skipped to the end. I had already figured out the big reveal/twist.  Really somehow the crazy murderer got all of your sons money and knows everything about you? Never gave you pause as to how or why? The sister Catherine Solomon.  Man I wanted Soto to just smack her. It's one thing to worry about your brother but to whine on and on about it regardless of everything else that's going on and not seeing the big picture.<br/><br/>Like I said common sense and instincts went out the window with this book.  It's like Dan Brown decided to make Robert Langdon a fish out of water in his own backyard and the only knowledge he had was from what he learned in books.  Books smart is great but you have to mix it with a dose of reality and common sense to keep life interesting.<br/><br/>I agree with other reviews this book needed a better editor.  Dan Brown described everything.  Things that didn't need a full-blown explanation got one.  This book needed 1/3 of it cut and that would've sped up the pace and made it more suspenseful.  The characters were flat and had one mode and that was it. I tried not to compare it to Da Vinci Code because I've read the book and seen the movie but both had more depth to the characters and the sense that Langdon was smart but not a know-it-all.<br/><br/>This was good but it should've been better and it could've been with a better guiding hand in the editors chair.
 My comment is about the Kindle version sample. The is the second book in a row that I've read that has problems with the fonts/formatting. In the little bit of sample that we get, the book is riddled with little boxes with question marks in them where the reader can't figure out what to display.  Amazon, are you doing any QC on these books before you release them?
 Symbologist Robert Langdon comes to Washington, DC, to deliver a speech at the request of his oldest friend.  Upon arrival, however, he finds his friend has been kidnapped.  So begins a long night of terror and only Robert's unique puzzle-solving skills can save both their lives and locate a prize of incalculable value.<br/><br/>This starts out as a very exciting story and, as is typical with Dan Brown novels, it involves endless running, near-death cliffhangers in every chapter, and impossible riddles that our only our hero can solve.<br/><br/>The frantic action comes to an abrupt halt, however, in the last quarter of the story with entirely too much talking and endless well-this-means-this-so-that-must-mean-that assumptions that really seem to have no basis as truth.  I wasn't even sure if the author wanted to  praise or ridicule Freemasonry and the Founding Fathers. I actually found the ceremonies educational and interesting<br/><br/>There are some major plot holes and having the whole thing take place in the span of only twelve hours made it a bit breathless. The setting of Washington, DC, has less glitz and glam than the European capitols usually featured in Brown's books.  Also, it seems at least one character knew where the wild goose chase was leading all the time and what would be at the end.  That made Robert's mad chase seem rather pointless.<br/><br/>Despite the negatives, I still found most of it riveting and quite entertaining.
 I write this for those who are not deterred by the negative reviews. I wasn't! wasn't expecting much, but at least hoped for some fun. Wikipedia is actually my idea of fun so I at least thought a thriller about fun things like codes and history and conspiracy theories such would be at least entertaining, even if the majority of the book consisted of People Talking About Things. Moreover, my standards for popular paperback thrillers are low (if people are complaining about the terrible writing, they clearly haven't read many bestseller thrillers. I mean, somebody want to defend the literary skills of Rollins or Grisham etc? Bahaha).<br/><br/>Where do I begin with the Stupid? I will not bore you with a laundry list. Suffice it to say that the first time any character does anything remotely intelligent is in chapter *110* when a CIA agent notices wheelchair marks in the carpet (no worries, not a spolier and nothing any generic detective wouldn't figure out).<br/><br/>I am a fan of far-fetched plots so long as they're logical within their world, so to speak. I'll suspend disbelief as long as the storytelling is good. I'll even excuse the bloated and formulaic plotting since I have a ffwd button I don't mind using as the same pointless details/dialog are repeated for the 110th time. But all of the above is so dumb I could only imagine that Brown was making stuff up as he went along. Plot twists actually rely on people doing stupid, illogical things. This is not fun.<br/><br/>Critics have panned Brown for his latest book being nothing but a glorified travel guide, and even that doesn't bother me! So long as it's interesting and absorbing enough. I didn't mind the Dan Brown Wikipedia Lectures in the beginning...until the story began to fall so flat that my mind would start wandering as I imagined Dan Brown on his 3-day tour of DC grabbing museum brochures and recording docent lectures. Not that I don't like museum brochures. I just don't want to see Dan Brown copying them on his computer, I'd rather be able to imagine characters in those places, which my visions of Dan Brown on Tour kept blocking.<br/><br/>Critics have panned Robert Langdon as being supercilious and obnoxious as he lectures everyone because he's smarter than everyone else. Lecture away, professor, so long as what you have to say is actually professor-like! Okay, true, there are lots of misinformed supercilious professors out there. However! The Internet! Libraries! People who know more about a subject than you the writer and can easily be interviewed! More than one book on a topic! Robert Langdon is, in this book, weirdly uninformed about certain religious texts he spouts off about. I've been annoyed by cheap research in other thrillers too, but Langdon should know better! So should his esoteric buddies.<br/><br/>I'm telling all of y'all, I should've gotten some enjoyment out of this book. My standards were low, I'm a nerd who likes lectures, I have no fear of skipping pointless passages. But I wasted my time! I should've taken a clue from the Wikipedia article on this book that was probably buffed up by a publicist trying to rebut criticisms of the book...I wondered why even Hollywood dropped the story and politely moved on to Inferno instead. I imagine that, in spite of having paid Brown a ton of moola for it, they eventually had to realize it no amount of script doctoring could make it into more than a terribly boring movie.<br/><br/>Anyway, if you're still not deterred, I strongly suggest instead of dropping your hard-earned money on this disappointing story that you borrow this from your local library (tons of *free!* electronic books/audiobooks if you knew not) and be ready to listen to it on 1.5x with your finger on the ffwd button.
 I enjoyed Da Vinci Code and Inferno. But this book was just appalling. All that gibberish about ancient thinkers having figured out entanglement and this one person in DC somehow making great scientific breakthroughs that used thought to control matter is the latest chapter in a long history of literature brought forth by people how have no knowledge and little respect for the tremendous effort and struggle by large groups of people to make scientific breakthroughs. And the other objectionable part is this constant thread of elitism - rich people, Harvard ... Take a look at Nobel prize winners over the last 50 years. Not many from Harvard. What Harvard specializes in producing is the dishonest media personalities, crooked lawyers and such. A republic like the United States grounded in egalitarianism has no place for this medieval mode of thinking. Brown should stick to the religious and ancient themes. No need for facts. And i quit after about a 100 pages.
 *I listened to the audio version of this book.<br/><br/>This book has so many issues it’s hard to know where to start. First, the author repeats facts and even story elements so many times that when I lost my place I started on the wrong chapter because it contained the same information as the chapter I was actually on, and it took a minute to realize this mistake.<br/><br/>Second, the story was not exciting to me. It felt like a college professor dropped his notes, picked them up and crammed them in a notebook in no particular order, and then had a good narrator read them so at least they sort of sounded like they made sense if you didn’t listen too closely. The narrator is good enough that he made parts of the book not feel like getting a root canal.<br/><br/>Third, the villain is so cartoonish it’s almost funny. I laughed out loud every time he “admired his naked body in the mirror.” That seemed to be one of his favorite activities, along with doing creepy things involving blood and pulling off his ruse in such a non-secretive way that I have no idea why he was not immediately apprehended. Good characters, even when they are villains, are not all bad. This villain should have been twirling his mustache and tying a woman to some railroad tracks, though that would be difficult for him to do as it would require him to stop looking at himself naked in the mirror for a few minutes.<br/><br/>I usually find Dan Brown books entertaining, but this one was more like spending 18 hours waiting in line at the DMV.
 It's hard to describe how bad this book is. Where to start? The absurd, clunky dialogue? The impossible plot? The author's complete lack of knowledge of how law enforcement, government agencies, and particularly the CIA work? Or maybe with the mind-numbing exposition? Perhaps the condescending lecturing tone that the author uses to browbeat his readers? Thinking about all this gives me a headache.<br/><br/>Dan Brown doesn't so much write books as he flings random words on the page in hopes that some of them will stick. Which ones and in what order, he doesn't seem to care.<br/><br/>In the words of linguistics professor Geoffrey K. Pullum, "Brown's writing is not just bad; it is staggeringly, clumsily, thoughtlessly, almost ingeniously bad."<br/><br/>How anyone -- much less 1,200 readers -- could rate this book with five stars is either an outright fraud or a testament to the concept behind the movie "Idiocracy."<br/><br/>While it is impossible to ignore how bad the writing is, for me bad writing alone won't sink a book to the one-star abyss; however, a badly written book combined with a ridiculous plot and lifeless characters -- which THE LOST SYMBOL has in abundance -- makes me wish for negative stars. Were it possible, I would rate this a minus two or three stars.<br/><br/>The word is that even Hollywood has bailed on this drivel. After wasting tons of money trying to turn this novel into a passable script, and by Hollywood standards that bar is set shockingly low, the producers gave up and decided to focus on Brown's next book, INFERNO. Good luck.
 I read the Lost Symbol to the bloody end. It's like junk TV or junk food -- you feel tricked into it and angry afterwards.  I don't believe Dan Brown aspires to write well -- that is write something that is valuable for itself. Money, money, money has distorted this type of "writing." It's all about tricks to keep the reader reading. We've come to believe that if you're making money, you're successful and hence you must be good.<br/><br/>Ironically, the Lost Symbol ends circling over and over the idea that YOU -- the reader -- are the lost symbol.  But the book has lead you to act like you have never dreamed before, that the world of symbols is utterly foreign and secretive, rather than something innately human and natural.  Throwing a bunch of symbols together does not make meaning as any fiction writer must know. The power of a symbol is in what it evokes as it appears or is an organic part of a meaningful narration of realistically drawn characters.  Symbols were turned into a children's game in this book. ( Apologies to all children -- who deserve better writing also.)<br/><br/>Cliff-hanging and cheap thrills cannot hide other writing failures and inadequacies. Poor writing, poor, poor writing. Dan Brown does not respect "the Word" he is so preoccupied with in the book. Even a thriller must have content that is psychologically true and evocative to satisfy -- and leave the rest out!  The psychology at the center of the Lost Symbol: the father and son, the motivations, the relationships -- nothing even tried to ring true.  No depth, no growth, no real thinking.<br/><br/>Ideally, the whole must come together to make a larger meaning that we experience.  The book should not try to TELL us again and again a number of meanings that seem to even elude the writer -- over and over again thrashing a dead cat.  Yes, very yucky and bad.<br/><br/>Any real content here is much more enjoyably and directly experienced outside this fictional rendering.  Fiction should add to experience and deepen meaning -- not take away from it.  The Lost Symbol is not only written at a very low reading level but it's also filled with repetition and deadly writing. I felt like I was forced to dump my mind at the door and be made stupid.  Now I just want to rush out and find a book that's the exact opposite in every way.<br/><br/>That Dan Brown's work has some worthwhile elements is not enough.  There is so much out there that is so well written and the internet has made so much more available -- of quality.  Why follow the mindless money-churning crowds?  His work can best function as an example of what bad fiction can get away with if there's a total sell-out of the publishing industry and the culture.
 I used to feel intimidated by the (literal) thickness of this book.<br/><br/>Level of entertainment: 4 out of 5<br/><br/>It is an action-packed story, extremely cinematic. Be aware that it does follow the very usual Robert Langdon formula.<br/><br/>Number of times something is "errie": 24 ?<br/><br/>Number of times "esoteric" is mentioned: 15 ?<br/><br/>Number of times something was left "ajar": 7 ?<br/><br/>Then I realized one needs not to be a very good writer to sell a book well. Imagination, might be a lot more important. Perhaps in life as well.<br/><br/>Do I think imagining Tom Hanks running around in this story adds more entertainment value reading?<br/><br/>Absolutely!<br/><br/>Approved by cats ?<br/>Dorothy said don't judge a book by its thickness!
 a camping friend, had this book and past it on to me ... glad to have the chance to check it out!! hard back book ... love those ...don't read them often. well written ... i did love the Da Vinci Code ... i guess i should say I saw the movie with Tom Hanks ...not sure if it even followed any a bit of the book??! i guess that would be a probably not ...they don't do that often ... but Tom Hanks is a cool dude, so maybe a little??! love these characters and glad to have the chance to read some of Dan's books ... guess i will in fact read more soon ... i hope??!
 The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown is a book that should be read by every one interested in Ancient Mysteries. After reading the Deception point, Digital Fortress,  Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons and now this book, I feel that Brown is perhaps the most exciting writer I have come across in the last five decades who spins great narratives around subjects that I am interested in. I still have to read his Inferno.<br/><br/>This is one of the best books that I have read in the last decade. Another cracker of Brown's in the last decade was the `Da Vinci Code' which I enjoyed thoroughly.<br/><br/>The thrilling book begins with a great quote from the `Secret Teachings of All Ages and ancient Mysteries', "To live in the world without becoming aware of the meaning of the world is like wandering about in a great library without touching the books."<br/><br/>Character sketches have been woven with care by Dan Brown and the build up of all of these characters is simply a master stroke. He has developed the knack of telling a tale that is different and unique from the run of the mill thrillers.<br/><br/>This book was completed in 2009.The story is set in Washington, D.C.and relies heavily on the world of Freemasonry. It is right up my alley as I am a Freemason. The central character is, once again, the symbologist Robert Langdon. This is his third appearance after Angels &amp; Demons in 2000 and The Da Vinci Code in 2003.<br/><br/>The Plot - Harvard symbologist, Langdon, is summoned unexpectedly to appear at the capitol Building in Washington, D.C. to give a lecture on Freemasonry when his life goes topsy-turvy when he finds out that there is not going to be a lecture but a chain of bizarre events that he has to experience. He comes across the severed hand of his long-time friend, Peter Solomon, with all the fingers artfully inscribed with symbols. This is actually an ancient way of inviting knowledgeable and selective people into the world of ancient mysteries. He has to accept such an invitation to save his friend. The narration will take you through a journey which plunges into deep Masonic secrets. The build up of characters is a touch of brilliance.<br/><br/>It is an intelligent tale that has surprises for you at every turn. By the time you are done with the book, you would have realized that The Lost Symbol is within you. Corinthians 3:16] -"Don't you know that you yourselves are God's temple and that God's Spirit dwells in your midst?"
 The pages turned quickly, but this was in part because I found myself skimming the vast sections of religious philosophy, psuedo scientific mumbo-jumbo and pedantic exposition, all of which seemed to go on endlessly.<br/><br/>The book builds and builds until the shockings truths are finally revealed.  Without disclosing any details, one of these shockers had been painfully obvious for some time and I was impatient for Brown to just get it over with.  When the other shocker was revealed, my reaction was "so what".<br/><br/>I enjoyed the cliff-hanger chapter endings in Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code, but they quickly became annoying in "The Lost Symbol".  Worse, much of the book felt like padding.  The last 50 or so pages was like an infomercial -- the story is over, but wait, there's more!  I kept hoping the book would have an interesting conclusion, but it ended with a wimper, not a bang.
 Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code demanded my attention because they were clever and very entertaining. The Lost Symbol, however, was quite frustrating at times. I absolutely love Fantasy and even Sci-Fi to a lesser extent, but I don't like them to be intertwined with an already-great mystery/thriller novel. I have hundreds of Fantasy novels on my shelves but that's just not why I read a Dan Brown novel.<br/><br/>While A&amp;D and The Da Vinci Code may have twisted history a bit and delved into conspiracy theories, I ignored any minor mistakes or paranoid theory bs on account of the overall awesomeness of the books. The Lost Symbol started a little slow, really picked up for the bulk of the story, but ended it's last 30-40 pages spewing nonsense that really underminds the talent of Dan Brown. It was really forced toward the end.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, usually able to hold his own in, and, more often than not, win an argument apparently left his brain at home in this one. For the duration of the story he's seen bowing to the lunacy of Katharine and Peter (easily my least favorite character in any Langdon novel). Here is a typical Langdon/Peter Solomon argument.<br/><br/>Peter: This is so<br/>Langdon: I'm not sure, why?<br/>Peter: Because I'm telling you it is<br/>Langdon: Oh, okay. Yeah, that makes total sense.<br/><br/>To get through the last 50 or so pages I had to pour myself a drink, close my eyes, and take deep, slow breaths.<br/><br/>The "villain-twist" was okay, I actually didn't see it coming......maybe because I had a difficult time really sinking my teeth into the book. It didn't contain much history or any of that good ol' Catholic Church bashing that we all love. That was replaced by a forced, uncharacteristic Fantasy element that really robs readers of why they loved the previous Robert Langdon adventures.<br/><br/>As said before, I love me some Fantasy......but leave it out of my real-world thrillers, it just ruins it.
 Dan Brown's claim to fame was with a little book, which you may have heard of, called <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>. It's a tale of Robert Langdon, a symbologist who gets lured into an international mystery of the highest order. It was a flight of fancy, and great fun. After having read other follow up novels by successful authors, and being greatly disappointed, I was wonderfully enchanted by Dan Brown's newest Langdon tome, "The Lost Symbol".<br/><br/>Certianly, this book will equal, if not surpass, the Da Vinci Code, in popularity, simply because being set in America gives it an immediate influence. Robert Langdon hooks up with a new female counterpart in the book, Dr. Katharine Solomon. Like the other two books, expect that the characters aren't really richly drawn, but more, caught up in the surprisingly fun and intrguing mysteries hidden in our nation's capital of Washington DC.<br/><br/>The Freemasons, of which I know very little, but the Masons had a unique role to play in the founding of our country (many founders were Masons), are explored in this book. Like the whole "Holy Grail" phenomenon created by "The Da Vinci Code", I think that people, after getting their hands on this book, will be equally as intrigued with them. I can see many people standing with books in hand, walking around the buildings of DC trying to find said symbols.<br/><br/>At any rate, the story is sometimes fantastical, sometimes outrageous, and always a page turner. I have to give Brown credit. He knows how to write a story. What made me groan a bit in his other books made me groan a bit here (especially in the much too clearly drawn characterizations) but still, it's an adventure story, written to entertain. And entertained I was!
 Dan Brown once again delivers the same style of story that fans expect and enjoy: a thoroughly researched detailing of history, art and architecture carefully blended with page-turning fiction.  In _The Lost Symbol_, Brown turns his attention to Washington, DC and the oft-alleged connection between Freemasons, the Founding Fathers and lost treasure.  As a Mason (and historian), I thought the plot was cleverly done, although his writing is becoming a bit formulaic: a "lone gunman" seeking to subvert (or destroy) a long-standing and eminent institution (the Catholic Church, the Presidency of the United States, Freemasonry ...), the secrets of which are hidden ina puzzle that can either save or destroy - and only the famous "symbologist" Robert Langdon can simultaneously put the pieces together and save the world.<br/><br/>As with his other books, the pace of the story is rapid, the chapters short which make reading both compelling and difficult to put down.  Similarly, Brown's familiarity with the geography, minute historical detail (some may say "trivia"), symbols and obscure institutions are threaded together with fantastical conspiracy theories.  But I have to admit, I was rivetet by the story nonetheless.<br/><br/>I suspect those who have read Brown's earlier works will find much to enjoy here - I certainly did.  Recommended as an entertaining diversion.
 I've had this book for a long while, but after reading DECEPTION POINT, DIGITAL FORTRESS, ANGELS &amp; DEMONS, and THE DA VINCI CODE in succession I kind of on a Brown Burn out. I finished this book just recently and I was very disappointed with the ending.  The book was enjoyable enough, although the "big twist" was pretty predictable early on in the book with the words used in a particular flashback scene. It was captivating for about 3/4 of the book and then it was hard to finish. Ok book. Kind of predictable, but still fascinating with facts and history that I'd never research myself.
 This was yet another typical Robert Langdon book. I enjoyed it, but as with the others I didn't love it. I do have to say this was my favorite of the three so far.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon was yet again sent on a mission that ended up with him running away from the police. He ends up with another woman without more than one thought of any previous women. That is certainly one thing that bothers me-there aren't really enough women in this series. At least they have all been well educated women.<br/><br/>As always, the plot follows very predictable lines with some random character twists that were harder to predict. I do love how quick of a read these books are. Despite this one being over 500 pages, it was a really easy read. With all the little chapters, there are a lot of little cliffhangers. That definitely keeps you going from chapter to chapter.<br/><br/>I definitely was surprised at some of the big revelations by the end. I was happy with how everything turned out, but I wish it was a bit shorter. There were parts that were so drawn out, but they probably didn't need to be. I honestly didn't follow the parts about noetic science. I didn't see why it was included in this book. Dan Brown has a thing with including historical aspects alongside modern science.<br/><br/>Overall, I enjoyed this. It's definitely a genre that Dan Brown has cornered. It's also a genre that I can't wait to delve into more!
 Once again Dan Brown serves up his action-filled mix of mysticism and science as symbologist Robert Langdon tracks down the evil-doer who has kidnapped his friend and mentor Peter Solomon, leader of the Masons in Washington, DC. This time Langdon's quest is on American soil and instead of the Catholic Church the secret institution is the Order of Masons.<br/><br/>We learn how the nation's capital is filled with mystical symbols and sacred buildings.<br/><br/>The action is fast-paced and I look forward to seeing the film with Tom Hanks. But this book has a few flaws. For one thing, the CIA is involved because of a potential revelation that could have catastrophic implications for national security. Only when the secret is revealed, it just isn't that terrible. The nation and the world could survive just fine. But the whole book centers around the CIA story, which just seems a bit silly in the end.<br/><br/>The Masons are treated extremely well, much better than the Catholic Church in previous Dan Brown books. Not only do they come across as benign and much misunderstood, with many Masons being involved in the founding of the United States and Washington, DC itself, and continuing to hold positions of power today. But the key Masons in the story are constantly lecturing to Robert Langdon, telling our hero the Truth. Langdon doesn't really uncover a secret, the Masons just tell him. When the Big Secret is uncovered, the Masons already knew.<br/><br/>Worst of all, when the action-packed climax has happened, the final chapters, when the secrets of the Ancient Mysteries are revealed to us, are just plain boring, as are those Hidden Truths.<br/><br/>One nice message for Americans out of touch with their country's history, is how the Founding Fathers were Deists rather than Christians. This might come as a considerable surprise to fundamentalist Christians today, along with this book's basic message that all religions lead to the same Divinity, which is in us all. And that science is a tool for discovering the divinity within us.<br/><br/>Brown's message is one many fundamentalists around the world need to hear. Hopefully in following the face-paced action, they will also hear the message.
 It seems we're all very different kinds of people; imagine a world where we were all the same; all liked the same food, the same music, the same holidays, and all dressed and looked the same! It would be a VERY boring world if this was so. But thankfully we are all different!<br/><br/>I have read most of Dan Brown's novels, except 'Angels &amp; Demons' and I am currently reading 'Digital Fortress'. I am enjoying it as well. I sense that with Dan Brown, because he is MEGA-successful, that somehow being successful and of course making pots of money with it, this somehow negates his worth as a writer. I am not so sure of this! I have immensely enjoyed everything I have read so far by Dan Brown and I look forward, as many of us do, to his next venture, whenever and whatever that will be. There is definitely in Britain a sense that if something or someone becomes very successful, then somehow it loses its value. Its hard to explain this, but it is in some ways a kind of snobbery, and a reaction against runaway success of whatever kind. Maybe its a kind of jealousy. Why can't we just be glad if someone makes it, instead of sneering and pretending to be indifferent?! Don't we all dream of being runaway successes? I certainly do.<br/><br/>Anyway, I really liked 'the Lost Symbol' a whole lot, and it kept me hooked from beginning to end, I felt it was that good. Yes, I'll contend that after reading most of Dan Brown's books, that there is a similarity to most of them, and they all have short chapters, and so on. But many great writers work have similar themes; just check out Dickens work to see that. So, I think rather than being hyper-critical of Dan Brown, we should see him in the light he really is; that of a successful writer, writing generally accessible and populist literature for a mass world market. Who writes who doesn't want that sort of success?!!<br/><br/>Dan Brown's novels then may be the equivalent of good fast food, but after all, why not? Who doesn't like fish and chips when they're on holiday, or a burger and fries with coke now and again?
 The book never ever ends! It goes on in the mind numbing lecturing fashion forever and ever. The plot was okay, but he just killed it with endless religious and symbolic lecture that keeps saying the same boring and uninspiring thing over and over and over again. I'm literally 4 chapters away from the end and I'm contemplating of just stopping regardless of how much time I put into this book (upbringing forces me to finish books) because I just can't take it anymore! In my opinion, one of the worst books of Dan Brown, and I read about 4-5 of them.
 I'm not the biggest fan of Dan Brown, but generally I could at least find some entertainment value in his Robert Langdon books.  The Lost Symbol, is a complete and utter disaster in just about every facet of it.  For one thing, the writing is subpar at best.  The plot is so utterly preposterous with holes the size of the craters on Mars.  There was nothing remotely believable about it, both in the overall macro sense, but even in smaller micro details.  The villain in this story doesn't in any way resemble a real human being.  The writing was also repetitive.  If I heard the phrase "As above, so below", or "the secret is in the order" again, I think I'm going to shoot somebody.<br/><br/> In this dreadful novel, Robert Langdon is drawn to Washington DC at the supposed request of his mentor Peter Solomon, who is the head of the Masons.  He is actually being drawn out by the story's antagonist, who is trying to learn the Ancient Mysteries of the Masons that will unleash secret powers that will change humanity.  He has Peter hostage, making Robert Langdon cooperate with him.  Meanwhile, the CIA is also involved usually working against Langdon to stop this from happening, despite the fact that there was no mention of how the CIA could possibly have known about what was going on since the only people who knew were the villain, Langdon, and Peter Solomon.  The CIA had to stop them as a matter of grave national security, but this grave national security turned out to be silly.  Another thing that ate at my craw is that is utterly absurd that Peter Solomon could not have recognized who Molloch, the villain in the story.  It's hard to describe how ridiculous the scenario was.  Also, it's not believable that Molloch could have gone from a Turkish prison where he was drugged out, to not only becoming a Mason, but achieving their highest level in a period of about three years.  I have never thought that a book could jump the shark, but this one did.  It is disgraceful.  Dan Brown must think his readers are a bunch of idiots to put out such garbage.  Avoid this one.<br/>Carl Alves - author of Blood Street
 I actually rank this 2 1/2 stars. It had the potential to make it to a 4.<br/><br/>The good.<br/><br/>There was plenty of good action in the story. The characters and their backgrounds were well written. The reader wouldn't have any difficulty differentiating between them. About 3/5 of the story kept me wanting to read more. The whole treasure hunt-type subject was the fun part. Lastly, there was a good plot twist near the end.<br/><br/>The bad.<br/><br/>Dan Brown needs to understand that it's never a good idea to insult the intelligence of his readers. I cringed every time there was a mention of the Central Intelligence Agency. CIA operatives act covertly, which wasn't the way that was depicted in this novel. If they were to operate within the United States, they wouldn't do so on an official capacity. They certainly do not flash ID badges identifying themselves as agents to the general public (and pretending to be FBI agents or the DC SWAT Team by barking out orders to Metro operators). Technically, the CIA can operate anywhere they want as long as they don't get caught. If and whenever they operate on American soil, they won't do so on an official capacity. But when needed, operatives will use the necessary loopholes as to not break any laws. Only the FBI could operate in the way Brown described in this story. And for Pete's sake, CIA operatives certainly don't walk around with cell phones with the CIA logo affixed to them for everyone to see. As for the black ops squad that Brown described simply as 'field agents,' there's a name for that squad, and it's called the Special Activities Division. I'm surprised that Brown's editor was so absent-minded as to not notice these flagrant inaccuracies. Furthermore, one would expect that a bestselling author would be able to afford to have someone who's familiar with the intelligence community beta-read those chapters.<br/><br/>These parts not only insult readers, but also prove that the publishing industry today is a joke. Many independent authors who struggle to get book deals or grants--only to turned away because their work wasn't considered to be properly researched or professionally written--could use this novel to illustrate this fact. I can only imagine that Dan Brown and his publisher would've been the laughing stock of the intelligence community when this book was first published.<br/><br/>What I also found troubling was the pacing in the beginning. The constant flashbacks were often confusing, as it often took me a while to differentiate the past from the present until after I had read several paragraphs into the scenes. As for the ending, I found it to be a bit anti-climactic.<br/><br/>Come on, Dan Brown. You can do better than this.
 I came to like Dan Brown after reading Angels and Demons, then on to Deception Point and Digital Fortress.  What Dan Brown does in researching all the information he lacks in filtering what is truly necessary for the reader to absorb.  In order to unlock a mystery we don't need half of what Brown throws at us.  For example he goes on and on about the meaning of word and then juxtaposes that with the symbolism of the word then mixes it with the different interpretations of the word.  At one point during my reading I felt like I was being lectured rather than entertained by the plot elements, which lets be honest were severely in short supply in this latest Langdon saga.  That's right saga, it just kept going and going.  I honestly wish Brown's computer would have crashed 3/4 of his way through this novel and just given up writing this one all together.  The last two chapters of this book where Robert and his latest *love interest* babble on seems like Brown took the last bit of his research notes and threw them into idle chit chat for our benefit. BLAH!!!<br/><br/>*(that's right latest love interest, not only is there one woman dumb enough to fall for this boring guy, we can't forget that there were 2 ahead of this little starlet).  Let us not also forget that one of these damsels was the direct descendant of Jesus our lord and savior.  Just like her ancestor and his infinite forgiveness she put up with his constant yammering.  Apparently she also had a sick dog complex and felt sorry for Langdon as well.<br/><br/>Moving on, Brown seems to have lost what he originally had talent wise.  This novel follows the same scripted formula.  Talky talky, run away from danger, hide, more talky talky, get caught, escape narrowly, then rinse and repeat!!  In my honest opinion I believe that Robert Langdon is becoming less Indiana Jones and more Mr. Magoo.  Time to put your type writer in the attic Mr. Brown!
 Before I began this review, I checked previous reviews on Amazon and was surprised that all of the reviews were only three stars.  It was a very exciting thought provoking book and I gave it 4 stars only because of the length.  It was too long, but I don't really know where Mr. Brown could have shortened the story.  As a lay person in the many sciences talked about in the book, I found them very interesting, especially Noetic Science (found out there is a center located in California).  My research on words I did not know improved my vocabulary considerably.  So, if you are interested in reading this book, take it with a grain of salt and enjoy it.  By the way I loved the ending (prologue).  Look it up if you don't know the meaning.
 There's a phenomenon in music called the second album syndrome, where a band will have a hugely successful first album and be so discombobulated by the adulation that their sophomore outing is meandering and weak. The DaVinci Code was not Dan Brown's first book, but it might as well have been, given it's roaring success, and here he has apparently fallen victim to the second album syndrome. In trying to duplicate the earlier book, he has created a hollow frame with nothing in it. The quest here is for the vague "ancient mysteries." We never do find out what they really are--well, we do, but it is remarkably unsatisfying, bland, obvious, and amorphous; more like a New Age bumper sticker. And the excitement and suspense are all manufactured and amped up: there are any number of places where you get phrases like "Without warning, the phone rang!" (Personally, my phone always warns me before it rings.) And the gimmick of the two-page chapters with pseudo-cliffhanger endings seems more gimmicky than ever. Like the DaVinci code, this book relies on hackneyed movers in the shadows, only this time, instead of the Church, we have the other two standard elements from central casting, the CIA and the Masons. In place of invention or originality, we have the fascination with arcania, combined to create a web of apparent larger meaning. Some of this arcania is actually arcane and interesting, but most of it is Wikipedia-level stuff (brace yourself: the founding fathers were Masons!). Mr. Brown would be better served by relaxing a little, spending some time finding novel villains, trusting the suspense inherent in his subject matter, and letting his books breath a little. Maybe even allow for some character development through exposition rather than explanation (every character here, even the most minor, dutifully gets a stock life history tacked on like a party hat). This book does have one genuine plot twist toward the end, and it has enormous potential moral and emotional implications for one of the characters, but Brown drops the ball, giving it only the most token recognition and moving instead to the next amped up plot development. Perhaps, as other reviewers have noted, he will now have gotten the intimidation of his earlier success out of his blood and the next book will be better. Let's hope.
 I enjoyed this book.  I found parts of it very entertaining, Brown did an excellent job of building suspense, and the antagonist’s character was extremely fascinating—a tattoo covered, religious fanatic.  Although long and drawn out, I felt the pacing was relatively good.<br/><br/>As for what I didn’t like.  The transitions could have been smoother.  The reader didn’t need to know every single mundane detail throughout the entire novel.  And my biggest complaint about the book was ***Spoiler Alert*** the scene where you’re duped into believing that Langdon’s character had ultimately met his demise.  After reading the part where he was trapped inside the coffin-like tank and a strange liquid began filling it, I remember thinking, “Is he actually going to do the unthinkable and kill off the main character?”  As would be expected, it was all just a ploy to trick the reader.  He even had Langdon succumb to the darkness, as if he had actually died.  Of course he didn’t really die.  It was just some type of deprivation chamber with a breathable liquid or something along those lines.  Now don’t get me wrong.  I understand why he didn’t kill his main character off—even if it would have been great—but why go there in the first place.  The antagonist clearly demonstrated that he had no qualms about murder, so why in this particular case does he allow the one person who could possibly take him down to live?  Well, the answer to that question is very simple.  If he had murdered Langdon, his plan would have worked out in the end.  Since he failed to do so, Langdon was able to miraculously escape from the tank and save the day.<br/><br/>Overall, the book was entertaining and I would recommend checking it out if you’re Brown fan or if you enjoyed any of his other books.
 A mediocre book by a great author. I loved his Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons. Digital Fortress and Deception points were disappointing for me. This book is in the middle.<br/><br/>It does a good job of capturing your attention in first few pages. It does a good job of keeping the interest. But in the end when the secret is revealed, I was left wondering whether it was something substantial.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown repeats a lot. Five hundred and nine pages filled with repetition. His style is good so one doesn't get bored much, but after all how many times can one read the same thing?<br/><br/>The book is about a lunatic seeking a Masonic pyramid. He kidnaps the head of Smithsonian Institution and blackmails his way around to get what he wants. CIA gets involved. The reason for their involvement is revealed towards the end of the book. To me it appeared so flimsy that I chose that disappointment to be the title of my review.<br/><br/>A secret is revealed in the end. Alert readers would be able to anticipate it. I wont spoil if for those who have not read the book.<br/><br/>I don't have the patience to go back and pinpoint exactly where, but several places things don't add up. The author describes an inevitable event but later reverts it by giving some explanation. Almost like Tom Cruise's method of using mask in his Mission Impossible movies. They lead the reader into thinking something and then conveniently change the course by some explanation.<br/><br/>In the end the book drags on. Story ends several pages before the end of the book. Last few pages were the hardest to read.
 This book jumped the shark at about 100 pages from the end (you can probably guess which part I'm referring to), which is terrible, because you know that you still have that many pages left to go.  It's almost like Brown delights in making a situation so utterly convincing, and then bombarding you with factual knowledge that only he has in an attempt to make you feel foolish for believing him in the first place.  I agree with previous posters that there were just too many unnecessary details that went nowhere in this book, along with a few red herrings that were infuriating when you realized what they were, like the CIA Director's hacker.  She was an entirely useless character with a sub-plot that went nowhere.  The whole book was essentially "Do you know what this is?" "No, what?" (Insert wide-eyed wanderer look, followed by over-exposition.)  The Da Vinci Code?  Great book, read it in two days flat which, for me, was pretty incredible, since I tend to drag my books out over weeks or months at a time.  The Lost Symbol?  Surprisingly boring, filled with an abundance of fluff, and written like you're supposed to envision exactly how the movie would play out, frame for frame.  While this normally might be an innovative approach for an author to take, for someone like Dan Brown who has seen his books adapted into movies before, it actually felt cheeky.  This book could have easily been condensed into a book half this size and would have been all the more compelling for it.  Less is more here.  Those were the only two books I have read by Brown, and I will be hesitant to pick up another in the future.  I still have a copy of Angels and Demons that I have yet to read, but others have noted how his attempt to merge science with faith in that novel was a characteristic that they did not appreciate in that book - and which was carried over here.  I think I'm going to take a long break from Brown's work before venturing on to finish the trilogy, albeit out of order.
 Even by formulaic Langdon novel standards, this falls short. Very short. Dan Brown seems incapable of writing a novel where the female characters are not stereotypes--chubby, socially inept software engineer; the thin, smart woman who maybe a love interest; the thin, abrasive woman in a job traditionally held by men. Boringly predictable.<br/><br/>Every other aspect of this novel follows the same Langdon formula: crazy villain who wants to change the world but has to do so by corrupting religion, science, architecture and/or the arts. Only Langdon can save the day but he needs a little help. Oh and he always finds time for long winded, condescending speeches when he's supposed to be saving the world. Add to that the incredibly long flashbacks of Langdon dazzling Harvard students with his brilliance and the bad guy who turns out to be a good guy, and there you have it. Yes, all writers use some sort of formula when writing. But great writers manage to hide it more or at least make you enjoy the formula. Brown is not a great writer.
 Man used to have a special knowledge, the Ancient Mysteries. Knowledge that changed the world and led to the golden age of many societies and humankind. But, the general populace has lost that knowledge that is now guarded heavily by different societies in the world. Advances in a field a science, called Noetic science has begun challenging the preconceptions of the power of the human mind and is on the verge of causing a worldwide intellectual renaissance. But now, one man has taken up a selfish quest to find the Ancient Mysteries and plunge the rest of the world into darkness.<br/><br/>This is the main plot of The Lost Symbol, the third book in Dan Brown's saga about Professor Robert Langdon. The Lost Symbol is a change of subjects for the series. Brown has left behind the religious world of the previous two books and has instead entered the world of cutting edge science and the Masons. It's a refreshing change of subject matter from the previous two books.<br/><br/>I felt that there was less emphasis on puzzles than in the previous books. The whole book was built upon one main object with a few puzzles and mysteries contained within it. The puzzles themselves had a lot more to do with symbology and science though and it was still very astonishing how Langdon was able to solve them.<br/><br/>Also, the book seemed to have much bigger plot twists and changes. I won't go into details, but I loved how he can completely switch the tables on what you are thinking or slowly build up to a point where you almost know what's going to happen.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol doesn't stray too much from the way the other two books go. Puzzles, surprises, and action still fueled my need to finish this book. It does stray away from the religious subject matter and toward scientific advancement and conspiracy theories, but I like the different subject. The Lost Symbol is an amazing book and I recommend it to anyone.
 Not the best Dan Brown book out there, but it held my attention and kept me turning pages, more for the historical value of the freemasons, the founding fathers, and all the symbology in our nation's capital than for Robert Langdon's place role.  Langdon has become a bit too formulaic for me, but I appreciate all the research Brown puts into his stories, that he's willing to go out on a limb to talk about the science of noetics, and always game to take on religious dogma.  I enjoyed the book for what it was, a nice escape.
 There are some good points to Lost Symbol.  I liked the overall plot, and this has to be craziest villian Brown has written.  The villian has to be the most memorable of them all so far in the Langdon universe.  And when the villian finally thinks he's getting what he wants... well, I found it pretty funny myself.  Now you have to check your brain at the front cover though.  There are a few unbelievable events, like getting in way to easily in all these buildings at night in the middle of DC for example with no cops around (it seemed).  Now one point many people didn't like, I did.  That was the use of the Noetics division and the female lead's laboratory.  Not sure why they couldn't have ONE light switch for an emergency light, but it only help set up part of the plot near the end... which was a decent chase in the dark.  Without spoiling the plot, I don't think the Lost Symbol was anything substantial.  It seems the writer was basically making the reader think (for a change...).  It seems the setting for the story, has multiple meanings towards the overall plot of the story.  I will admit, this isn't one of Langdon's better adventures.  Though I think I can explain some of Robert Langdon's mistakes (not Brown's) in this story.  Robert is only concerned about his friend.  When his friend's hand shows mysteriously in the middle of the rotunda, all Robert wants to do is find his associate/friend.  Unfortunately with all the traveling they do underground and in close quarters, Robert's phobia was in full swing, and while he was going through his history and infromation as fast as he could he was wasn't thinking straight.  Plus the people he was with during that time had him like a 'deer in the headlights' so to speak.  With Langdon 1)in a mad desire to find his friend, 2) his phobia kicking in overdrive, and 3) he really did not want to divulge anything to the people he was with... remember the Asian CIA operative (I can't remember any these characters names forgive me) even mentioned she knew Robert was hiding information from her.  Now I read Deception Point prior to this book, and noticed Brown pretty much took a drowning death from Deception Point and VERBATIM reused that death experience in this book for the drowning victim in Lost Symbol.  I know Brown reuses the same plot formula, but a whole paragraph from a previous book?  He literally plagerizes himself.  Overall, it is a decent quick read, while not as exciting as DVC or Angels and Demons, it seemed like it filled the need for a book demanded by the publisher, more than a thought provoking Langdon novel like the first books.  I will say, after reading the book... the ending had a slightly different twist to it, than some of previous twists, just wish I hadn't spoiled that plot point reading on the web before I read it, myself, it probably would have made the book seem a little better.  Rehashed plot, rehashed death scene, Langdon sleep walking in DC, the Symbol might dissapoint you (and the villian had he found it) but hopefully make you have a deeper appreciation of your country, which I think was the author's intend all along.  And in a time when the founding fathers are shunned, this book will try to give a sense of acknowledgment of what those men had to endure and all they stood for as well as our country.  After all, this very country's freedoms were fought long a hard (at various times throughout history), and what better way to remind the population of the past and how we got here... but with obvious symbolism of our established freedoms.
 Quick and easy read... With a few good curve balls. Brown's pacing is great,and while I would hardly call his characters "deep" or "well-rounded" Lost Symbol is enjoyable. While Brown isn't the intellectual challenge of Arturo Perez-Reverte or Carlos Ruiz Zafón he does squeeze the esoteric for as much mileage as anyone out there. Angels and Demon and Da Vinci Code dealt with the Catholic Church and their esoterica, this one is all American Founders Masonic connections. Right wing nut jobs would boil over if they paid attention to the idea that the countries great minds were more about the universal truths than about Christianity. The novel does make we want to go see some of the amazing features of our Capital city. Overall, Brown has produced another quick read that at least gets the brain thinking about some challenging ideas while keeping a steady rate of twists and turns.
 But just in case, be forewarned, this book is worth skipping and just go read Inferno instead.  Brown is best if you don't have a clue about history or art so he can pontificate through his characters (pun intended).  I have two graduate degrees, but I'm willing to suspend disbelief for the sake of a good yarn....heck I admit to enjoying Inferno and Angels and Demons.  Good adventure stuff.  But this book is bad on so many levels and the "punch line" drivel about all religions just revealing "god" in us is such crap....(has he actually *studied* religions?  I suspect he *researches* religions for storytelling only.)  Despite having to dismiss all his ridiculous assertions about what history, art and religion state or mean, I hoped for some good storytelling....nope.  Try Inferno if you want a good moving storyline (though laden with the typical Dan Brown technique: "state something, or anything, as fact and therefore it becomes factual because your readers are uneducated dolts" ).  Better yet, go read some Michael Crichton where he does science mixed with fiction in a far more skilled manner.
 The Lost Symbol might as well have been called The Albrecht Durer Code (though that doesn't roll off the tongue quite as well).  It follows the same tired and true formula that made Dan Brown filthy rich with his previous thriller---including many of the same flaws, but often even worse.<br/><br/>There are too many such flaws to go into specifics, so I'll just discuss a few in general terms.  For starters, the plot is surprisingly predictable, despite some glaring holes calculated to accommodate what are supposed to be shocking twists.  Also, despite having obviously done loads of research, Brown sometimes gets his facts wrong---whether he deliberately distorts them to suit his purposes and hopes the reader won't notice, or whether he just flubbed it, it's difficult to tell.<br/><br/>Then there is the ridiculous pseudo-scientific premise, which is far more wildly implausible than that of The Da Vinci Code.  Brown basically buys into, and propagandizes for, a New Age interpretation of every brand of mysticism in history he comes across---faith healing, astral projection, the Deepak Chopra interpretation of quantum mechanics, and on and on.  But he claims (quite falsely, I assure you) that these are not New Age ideas, but real cutting-edge science.<br/><br/>If you can somehow manage to suspend your disbelief about all this nonsense, there are a few exciting scenes buried in the middle of the novel, and some interesting characters (too many of whom meet untimely ends).  But the ending returns to bad Platonic and other varieties of mystical philosophy, and is pretty much just disappointing.  The denouement goes on way too long, and the sorts of "scientific" experiments Brown describes as supposedly proving all this are laughably bad (rather than "conclusive and irrefutable" as he claims they would be), as are the arguments put forth to show that the Bible (as well as the scriptures of other religions) contain scientific wisdom beyond modern understanding (but that "our science may one day catch up with the wisdom of the ancients").<br/><br/>Then there is the theme, namely that the truth (or at least Dan Brown's incredibly misguided version of it) must be kept hidden from the masses by a self-appointed elite.  This is perhaps the most offensive element of the book.  But most of Brown's readers are probably not the sort who think too much about the novel's philosophical underpinnings, so Brown can spill his guts about it and not worry too much about those masses (who comprise his readership) catching on.<br/><br/>Bottom line: if you liked The Da Vinci Code, you will probably enjoy this; if not, don't bother.
 The Lost Symbol is by no means a bad book by itself, but it doesn't really compare to the Robert Langdon stories that preceded it IMHO. To me it seems this book is trying to compete with other 'historical' stories, such as the National Treasure movies, and that's unfortunate considering Dan Brown made a name for himself within the historical/religious mysteries. The story for TLS is a genuinely interesting one, it's just the execution of it and anticlimactic ending that could've used some editing. Although this book is about five years old now I still feel the need to give a SPOILER warning:<br/><br/>There was a significant amount of unnecessary information here that could've easily been omitted. If the dreck were removed the book probably could've been cut almost in half and the story would've been twice as captivating. Furthermore, most of the characters behaved either very stereotypically or quite ineptly; like they were just going through the motions. Even Langdon, who is supposed to be a brilliant professor and has been in more tense situations than those presented in this book, acted like a caricature much of the time. His reluctance to simply react to what's going on throughout most of the book slowed the pacing to the point where it became difficult to continue at times.<br/><br/>While there were a number of questionable plot threads in TLS two things in particular stood out to me as just plain unimaginitive; which was the involvement of the CIA and the motivation of the antagonist. The villain records some public officials in some contextually embarrassing circumstances and black-mails the CIA into helping him. The problems this creates are manifold: First of all the CIA is neither law-enforcement nor military. Sure they participate in such matters on occasion, but they have no real investigative authority or jurisdiction beyond their primary duty of collecting and analyzing foreign intelligence. Secondly, no government agency is responsible for protecting the reputation of their officials, least of all the CIA. The information the villain threatened to release is also in no way a national security concern, and could be easily rationalized, so if Brown felt compelled to add another angle of suspense how about actually doing something useful out of the noetic science stuff he introduced and did nothing with?<br/><br/>Then we come to the main antagonist of the story; whose identity was so obvious I stopped reading his chosen name about a quarter of the way through. The issue I had with him was that his whole vendetta could've been avoided had the events during his 18th birthday and inside the Turkish prison been written logically. Apparently, when a Solomon turns 18 he/she is given their portion of the family's inheritance, so he/she can choose their own path. However, the Freemasons' most valued artifact should have NOTHING to do with a family's inheritance, especially for someone who is both uninitiated and immature, no matter who the father is. Without knowing about the pyramid, Zach would've stayed 'dead'. I also doubt that his inheritance would be large enough for a couple years of debauchery in Europe before getting arrested, living very well in Greece for six years, and ten years forming his plan without a source of income. Then there's the extreme implausibility of him reaching the highest level of the Freemasons in just a few years, as well as having a prison cell within ear's shot of warden's office or even guard's desk.<br/><br/>Despite all these criticisms, and many others I'll leave to my fellow commenters, this book was still an entertaining read, and it goes by very quickly once you get past the VERY slow start and are prepared for the dry, overlong ending following the climax of the story. If you enjoyed the first two Langdon adventures, or Dan Brown's novels in general, then chances are you'll like this one as well, but I recommend getting the book used or from the library.
 The Lost Symbol is the third installment in what I had not realized at the time, was a series. Did anyone ever mention that Harvard professor of religious iconology and symbology was going to come back at us over and over? I guess I should have figured it out when he showed up in The Da Vinci Code but I was really surprised to see him back after that. I mean, how much trouble can an academic get into? Wait, don't answer that!<br/>So where we had these previous little incidents at the Vatican and then in Paris...Langdon is now running around the streets and tunnels of Washington DC, explaining along the way in great detail about the history of the city, and probably more information about the Masons than you thought you wanted to know. Do I sound cynical? Well yeah....<br/>Look is it a good book? Of course, it's a thriller. And just like <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a> (which I thought was the best) and <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons-Special-Illustrated-Edition-A-Novel-Robert-Langdon/dp/B005DIB5AI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons Special Illustrated Edition: A Novel (Robert Langdon)</a>, you have Professor Langdon working diligently to solve the riddles and uncover the truth behind the myths of our nation's capital. Meanwhile, he's matching wits against the obligatory mad, evil genius - a heavily tattooed guy who calls himself Mal'akh, the obligatory vulnerable female, Kathryn Solomon, the sister of high ranking Mason Peter Solomon - who is a longtime friend and mentor of Langdon.<br/>Mal'akh has an agenda to take over the world, bwahahahaha - and he uses Robert via Peter to get what he needs - which is to find both the Mason's Pyramid, which is believed to be hidden somewhere in DC and the Mason's "word" which will complete the task that the kidnapper has given himself.  And with a host of other equally strange and mysterious side characters, you along with Robert Langdon, have a 528-page puzzle to solve. By using wit, knowledge and a healthy dose of luck, Langdon manages again, to save the world.<br/>Now I enjoyed the reading and it goes pretty quick - you'll find yourself saying, wow! I'm already at Chapter 40 or Holy cow! I'm at Chapter 100 and it's only 9:30 at night? And while I didn't have any problem focusing on the story, I did do some skipping, ummm..maybe a lot - and here's where my dings start. Maybe more dings than usual.<br/>This is book three, and you quickly pick up the rhythm of the previous two which makes me start to wonder, is Brown becoming a template writer? Is he the love child of James Patterson and Patricia Cornwell? After awhile, the exposition - or info-dump in the book just takes over and by Chapter 20 you just want one of the characters to turn to Langdon and say, "do you mind? We're trying to solve a crime here!" In fact, if you look up exposition on Wikipedia - Dan Brown is at the top of the list for information dumping - um...that's not a good thing, that's what we call a "dubious honor". I used to think Michael Crichton was king of exposition hill, not anymore. Luckily, these parts are easy to skip over. But if you REALLY want to get into the minutiae of Masonic history - by all means, slog through it.
 I would like to begin with a warning that this book is indeed a lengthy read! I love Dan Brown's books but sadly this one was way too predictable. First of all as soon as Langdon got a call from his friend's guy it was pretty obvious that someone's playing around (something like Inferno) and also when Mal'akh repeatedly refers to Peter Solomon's son, blaming him for his death and all, clearly gives the idea that Mal'akh was indeed Zachary Solomon. The last hundred pages were a real pain! I wish I wouldn't have read them cause it was just a waste of time! Who cares wtf was the lost symbol after reading 400 pages and then realising that it's just a word or whatever!<br/><br/>I wanted to rate this book 2-stars but the knowledge of Noetic Science and also bits about Masons earned this book an extra star from me! Read it if you want to complete the Robert Langdon Series but if you don't care about the series then my advice would be to leave it unread.<br/><br/>Read this review on Goodreads here.
 This book from Dan Brown definitely didn't meet expectations. I've read Angels and Demons, Da Vinci Code, Inferno, and now The Lost Symbol. Unlike the other books I've read from him, this one seemed to drag on and on, and never getting to the heart of the story. I wanted to quit reading it so many times because it was so slow and boring, but I kept at it because I didn't have any other book to read.  Although once you get towards the end, you understand why it did so much character building, I think a lot of it could have berm cut short. In the end, in my opinion, it still wasn't worth the aggravation. I would give it 2.5 stars but rounded up because I think I came into the book with very high expectations for Dan Brown. Next on the list... Deception Point.
 For the original review and more, please visit markedbybooks.blogspot.com<br/><br/>Have you ever heard of the White House or Washington being overrun by vampires or some type of supernatural creature? Or about how the Roman, Grecian architecture had such a profound impact on the founding fathers of this nation almost three centuries ago?<br/><br/>Sounds almost...impossible huh? Well, the first is impossible because vampires don't exist. In my mind anyways, but the rest? Well, its true and has been proven by the amazing author Dan Brown who wrote The DaVinci Code, Angels and Demons and the book I am reviewing now, The Lost Symbol. The reason that I enjoy reading his work so much is because personally, I am a fan of history such as the kind that he portrays in his books. I love anything to do with ancient history and would jump at the chance to learn more about it. Hence the reason I am going to tell you all about this amazing book.<br/><br/>As I already mentioned, this book has to do with the history of America's capital: Washington D.C and the supposed secret that has been hidden under the cornerstone of the Washington Monument. It has been said in the Ancient Mysteries (which are elaborated more in the book) that the Mysteries are what will save this world from some apocalyptic meltdown. The Mysteries are what the nation was founded on and what the world will eventually end on.<br/><br/>In the book, the protagonist, Robert Langdon, is summoned to the capital to give a lecture on the history of the nation and what the nation was founded on, which was mostly European culture. Don't believe me? Research it. Well, long story short, the Ancient Mysteries are brought up and the wild goose chase ensues. Well more like the wild-murderer-who-wants-to-destroy-the-world-chase ensues. Robert and his friend Katherine are desperately truing to stop the monster who wants the secret of the mysteries for his own personal gain as well as to "save the world." Let it be known that he obviously has a twisted mind and seems to view the saving of the world to be something that would inevitably ruin it.<br/><br/>Gabby<br/><br/>For the original review and more, please visit markedbybooks.blogspot.com
 The book is an example of bad dialogue, bloated writing, and repetitive scenes. However, the greatest sin was that I never felt engaged or cared what happened. Nearly every chapter ended with a mini-cliff hanger and didn't add to the plot or the suspense. One or two wouldn't have bothered me but every chapter became absurd and amateurish. Write a good story; I'll keep turning the pages.  A 500+ page marketing pamphlet for Freemasonry? A derivative mish-mash of other novels? The last gasp of a tired writer with a tired character?
 I've read all of the Robert Langdon books and I must say, I'm getting tired of them. I read The Lost Symbol last and Inferno first mainly because I had to see how Brown was going to incorporate Dante's Divine Comedy in Robert Langdon's life. I loved Inferno, and the first two books of the series but The Lost Symbol just felt like it was never going to end. I must've skimmed the last 50 pages because I was sick of the dancing around the conclusion style Brown employed. It seemed like every answer brought out two more questions, which is fine up to a point. Eventually, I got tired of it and decided I would just skip through the end. Also, I wish Brown would go back to the style of the first book. Angels and Demons up to Inferno all have science as the end all to all. It would be refreshing to have history as the focal point rather than just a great feature of Brown's novels.
 DAN BROWN is one of my favorite writers. ANGELS AND DEMONS and THE DAVINCI CODE were spectacular adventures featuring Tom Hanks er, ah, oops, I mean Robert Langdon as the latter investigates historical and religious mysteries. THE LOST SYMBOL (ISBN 978-03077950680, trade paperback, $16.00)  follows the success of BROWN'S earlier works. Only now Langdon and his new friends (but really long-time friends) takes on the Freemasons in Washington, D.C.<br/><br/>The action part of the story takes place during one very long night. The backstory takes place over a decade or more. At stake is the Ancient Mysteries/Knowledge that could be dangerous in the wrong hands. The Masons have protected this knowledge for centuries and it now resides deep underneath our capitol city. As in his previous stories, BROWN introduces a truly evil person who is competing with Langdon and friends to retrieve this knowledge. Along the way the reader will learn about the science of Noetics and the what happens to a person's soul upon death.<br/><br/>Reluctantly I say "GO! BUY! READ!" if you are a DAN BROWN fan.
 This book, being the third in the series that features Robert Langdon solving age-old mysteries in a matter of hours, has fallen into the rut of formulaic exposition. However, that is not all bad as many of us enjoy going along with old friends as they try to figure out the latest mess they manage to get into. In this book, the author spins up a web of intrigue involved the United States, Freemasons, and a supposedly lost secret trove of knowledge that the world is not ready for, that has been hidden for millenia, but is now the focus of some madman. As was true in the first two books, Robert Langdon is somehow involved, and he manages to resolve the situation in a matter of hours, while being hounded, pressed, violently beaten, and otherwise placed under stress - obviously the best way to solve mysteries that the most brilliant minds in the world could not solve for many centuries!<br/><br/>But that's poking fun at the whole concept of this series of books and in reality, this book was probably as much fun to read as the others. The focus of this book is Washington DC, and as someone who has spent many hours and days in our nation's capital, part of the fun for me was to try and imagine the locations mentioned and compare them to what I know from my visits. For the most part, this book is not too far off the mark, although there are some mistakes or twists that are simply not reality, but again, let's suspend our disbelief and just go with it.<br/><br/>There is very little different in the structure of this book from The DaVinci Code or Angels and Demons. The puzzles are different, of course, and the linkages between various items are new and different as well. It was fun to see some of the puzzles and I have to admit that I took some pride in solving some of them as soon as I saw them, or knowing how to solve them, as well as identifying quite early on, where the final scene will take place. I also figured out the relationship between the evildoer and the other characters within the first few chapters. It was also fun following along the various chases and scenarios that were forced-fit around the main plot to help confuse us and also to pad the book's page count. However, I did end up taking away one star from this review for two main issues that I had with it. First of all, there is a main character who is supposedly progressing the science of Noetics. However, except for continuously telling us how her research was important and how it was going to change the world, there is almost nothing else mentioned about it. The second reason I took one star away from this book's ratings is that the last 100 pages or so became very metaphyiscal and boring in endless expositions of a meta-religious coming together of all the world's hopes and dreams etc. Even with the tenuous connection being drawn between Noetics and the coming enlightment of the world - I suppose it was trying to counteract the complaining about how this world is going the wrong direction and how evil is winning - but it did not work for me and I was flipping through unread pages to get back to the storyline.<br/><br/>In addition to some geographical problems and some technological gaffes, this was almost believable and would be the kind of book that I would want to take on lengthy airplane rides as nothing like a Dan Brown novel makes the humdrum reality of sitting in an uncomfortable seat for many hours, pressed against people you do not know, and being squeezed from the front and back into feeling like a sardine in a can, go by faster. For this reason, I give this book a four star rating.
 I usually devour Dan Brown's books, and this book was no exception.<br/><br/>The truth is, I really enjoy the historical facts and anecdotes he throws around every now and again, and the way he explains the origins of modern words and other frivolous information, and since The Lost Symbol had a lot of this I really enjoyed it.<br/><br/>He also knows how to write a shocking twist, so when you think you have it all figured out you realize you got it all wrong and the characters aren't all you thought they were.<br/><br/>People criticize Dan Brown for overusing the same basic plot over and over in each book, and although I agree that this is true, I say that this hasn't made Brown's books dull at all, and other famous authors tend to do the same thing too in a few of their books (e.g. Ken Follett) and yet I've never read or heard people criticizing Follet over that.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is a truly entertaining read, so try it if you enjoy getting sucked in by a book's plot.
 Book 3, in the Robert Langton series<br/><br/>Set in Washington D.C. this thriller follows "Angels &amp; Demons "and features the rugged, good-looking Harvard "symboligist" Robert Langdon and is based primary on Freemasonry for its theme and major characters.<br/><br/>This story is more of the same formulaic blend of hi-speed chase and mystical rituals that has Robert on a frantic quest for a priestly lore hidden beneath the monuments of Washington DC.<br/><br/>Robert is summoned to Washington by his mentor, Peter Solomon, to speak at a prestigious Smithsonian fundraiser but once there his friend is nowhere to be found. He soon finds out he was tricked and lured there for other reasons, moments later, in an adjacent room, screams are heard when the tattooed severed hand of Peter is found.<br/><br/>Robert realizes the tattoos are an invitation to unlock mysteries of the ancients....and here we go with the style of writing admirers have come to expect, a very predictable ride followers have been on before. Every few pages the plot arrives at a precipice and then just leaves you hanging. When the action resumes and the tension is on upswing once again we are faced with a barrage of punctuation and italics. I really didn't expect deep thoughts, reach writing, a well-constructed pool of characters or a realistic storyline, nevertheless I was entertained by this rather silly far-fetched mystery.<br/><br/>I don't know what Robert has up his sleeve for the next adventure but I will probably have it on my to be read list, a change of pace and a good laugh is always reinvigorating.
 In the Robert Langdon trilogy, The Da Vinci Code is definitely my favorite. As someone who unfortunately grew up Catholic and is now agnostic, religious conspiracy theories never fail to amuse me. Especially when churches try to ban the movie! Speak out against it, personally boycott it, fine. But banning it? That's just funny. So obviously I also loved Angels and Demons. While I enjoyed The Lost Symbol, I just didn't think it was up to the level of the first two. I still think it will make an excellent movie, however! And we need to finish our trilogy.<br/><br/>Here were my problems:<br/>1. Why did Robert have such a hard time believing everything unbelievable? He spent the entire first two books convincing other people of unbelievable things. Suddenly he's a total skeptic.<br/>2. Why didn't anyone point out to the villain that if only the worthy could be enlightened, having someone else solve all the puzzles for him obviously meant he wasn't worthy? Just because he was going to tattoo the final answer on his head, what did it really mean if he didn't come up with the answer himself? (By the way, it's very difficult to cover tattoos with makeup. I find it hard to believe that he hid them on his entire body.)<br/>3. I HATED that the Noetics research was saved. People died (lots of them), but the beloved research was saved. Were they really delusional enough to think this kind of "technology" and "advancement" was a good thing??? People are already capable of hurting each other from a distance these days due to wonderful advancements such as facebook and text messaging. I can only imagine what damage could be done once the world / the government / regular people have the power to do whatever they want with their minds. And we won't even have any evidence they were there.<br/><br/>Besides that, the similarities to the first two books were what I enjoyed. The way all the elements came together...  the way all the puzzles suddenly made sense. I wish I could fit as much information into my brain as Robert Langdon does! Speaking of which, I'd hate to read a book like this for class instead of for pleasure. Boy would that make a nightmare test.
 Before I go on a trip, I like to read a book or two that takes place in the area I am visiting.  It helps me get to know the city, country or place from a literate point of view.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol takes place in Washington D.C. and I am fortunate to be visiting there soon.  The Lost Symbol is literally a tour of the D.C. area and it includes the symbolic history of the monuments complete with connections to the ancient world.  This book has introduced me to places I now want to visit and awakened my excitement for traveling.  Places like The Library of Congress, The National Cathedral (Darth Vader gargoyle), National Archives, Alexandria, Virginia and so much more.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is the 3rd book in the Robert Langdon series.  The first two are Angels and Demons, and The Da Vinci Code.  This book continues the saga of Langdon, with murder, mystery, misconceptions, and the race to save the world from an unknown fate.  It includes ancient languages, history, religion with particular focus on the founding fathers and Masonry.  Brown never fails to surprise me with his plot twists and turns.  Just when I think I figure the mystery out, something unexpected happens.  Love him or hate him, a book by Dan Brown is an entertaining read especially if Robert Langdon is the main character.<br/><br/>I read the special illustrated edition of The Lost Symbol and it is beautifully done with real photos that enhance the learning and understanding of the reader.  I wish more books were illustrated, so readers could see the connection to the real world the novel contains.  Brown is an excellent teacher of  hidden history and this book is a gem waiting to be discovered by those who love adventures in reading.
 This is a difficult book to rate because the parts I liked, I really liked; but the parts I didn't, I really didn't like. The plot is really good, but too often when a deadline is rapidly approaching or the foes are fast approaching, there is a lecture that goes on and on and on. Now most of the time the contents of the lecture needed to be communicated to educate either the characters or the reader, but Brown needed to find a better delivery system. I found myself seemingly much more tense about the bad guys around the corner than the players. But still, I liked the story, so I was prepared to give it a four-star rating. That changed, however, when the action ended, but another lecture began that went on forever. And since the action was over, the lecture's only purpose could be Brown telling people what to believe. This book is focused on Freemasons 110 percent, and I have no idea if the information was true or not, and really don't care. I knew it was fiction and so if Brown stretched some things, so be it. I don't look to fiction to gather knowledge but to entertain. The many lectures included in the book did dampen the entertainment level.
 I am not going to repeat what over 1000 people have said. Look at how split the ratings are. That should tell you a lot about the reaction to this book.<br/>I loved it because I love symbolism and historical facts. The book is full of interesting facts about Washington D.C. monuments and buildings and the symbolism in a few of them. I loved all the Masonic and related sybolism and ritual. I do not have to believe it to be interested.<br/>I hated whole sections however. I agree with the Lee review - too much thrown in without good editing. Most of the ending should have been thrown out as overblown. I felt that I was reading an overdone and tedious religion lecture that did not serve the story. The story was over; the wrap of details should have taken far less pages. I also agree that the transitions between places and the details of every twist and turn are a little overdone. There is a version of this book that has maps which would have helped this version.<br/>The good vs. evil formula has been overdone in Browns' books. Langdon always solves the mystery and saves the day with the narrowest of margins and there is always a girl to give it a bit of adventure.<br/>The villian - a little surprising. Interesting until the end. I found the CIA director a little too weird, but in a place as paranoid as Washington, the character was plausible.<br/>Overall I found it a page turner, but in some places I was skimming the pages and turning them without interest and in other places I could not put it down and did not want to stop.<br/>I would recommend it if your liked Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code. If you did not like those books, you won't like this one.
 " We] have a name in the studio, and we call it the 'MacGuffin.' It is the mechanical element that usually crops up in any story. In crook stories it is almost always the necklace and in spy stories it is most always the papers."  Thus spoke Alfred Hitchcock at Columbia University in 1939, explaining the MacGuffin, a device that has little other significance but to drive the plot.  The plot--at least in Hitchcock's hands--is such a fantastic ride that the actual thing the MacGuffin is doesn't matter.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's technique is to use a variant of the MacGuffin wherein the device driving the story is purported to have a secret or mysterious significance that, in the end, means nothing.  Maybe we could call it the "MacCryptic."  In Dan Brown's blockbuster, THE DA VINCI CODE, the thing being sought was literally (however one might read it) the Holy Grail.  In his latest best seller, THE LOST SYMBOL, the MacCryptic is a secret, Mason-protected word.  In both cases, the MacCryptics drive the plot--in THE DA VINCI CODE more successfully than in the more plodding THE LOST SYMBOL.  But unlike the MacGuffin-driven Hitchcock plots, Dan Brown makes you want to care about the MacCryptics, which makes the revelation of their ultimate lack of any real significance such a letdown.<br/><br/>Like THE DA VINCI CODE, THE LOST SYMBOL can be fun, in the way an old favorite roller coaster is fun.  You know the basic layout, and what the curves, dips, and rises feel like, and it can be a repeatably enjoyable experience.  But sometimes it can equally feel old hat.  Despite the change of locale to Washington, D.C., THE LOST SYMBOL feels like déjà vu.  The book's main character, the returning Robert Langdon, practically says as much as he experiences yet another overnight chase through both picturesque and claustrophobia-inducing settings. The other characters are interesting enough despite the presence yet again of government authorities who are incapable of reasonable thought and action.<br/><br/>But what gets people to buy Dan Brown's books is the promise that all the crazy running around is backed by something cool and mysterious.  Brown can't really have fun with that premise because he won't let mystery take over.  Instead, we get a rather hollow sermon on divinity as metaphor.  It's like going to an initially enjoyable party that crashes with morose, tired drunks talking about existentialism.  Time to find another party!<br/><br/>In brief, a somewhat fun, if ephemeral ride to nowhere.  As the Masonic Bible, quoted in THE LOST SYMBOL, says, "Time is a river...and books are boats."  This boat won't be around for long.
 I kicked myself after reading The DaVinci Code.  Although the line up of historical facts and ancient secrets lying beneath our contemporary noses and strung into a surprising hypothesis was playfully engaging, the ridiculous thriller rendered in cardboard characters and graceless prose that showcased the facts were hard to take.  I had sworn I would not spend time on another one, but the facts The Lost Symbol promised to knit into more historical revelations, about Washington, DC no less, were irresistible, so I signed on and read it.  Am I sorry? Not quite as sorry as I thought I would be, but can't say anything has changed.<br/><br/>The facts that Brown plays with surround the history of the Masons in Washington, DC.  Much secrecy is associated with the Masonic order by design and thus there are a lot of misconceptions out there.  Brown gets in a lot of clarifications about the Masons and their mission, as well as basic information about the science of symbols and a new, out-there field called Noetics.  Of Noetics, I left the book knowing less than what was introduced at the beginning, especially how it relates to the other arcane knowledge that is presented.  That fuzziness is probably induced by the endless, maddening chase scenes through DC at night, and the equally maddening lack of character development or any resemblance of reality.  Readers of The DaVinci Code will see that formula beaten into the ground here, not to mention a range of stereotypical characters.  The only difference is, The Lost Symbol rips right up to a roaring climax, after which it drops the action entirely and continues on at length about symbols and "what the Masons really mean" kind of revelations. I'm still not sure what they really mean after reading this.<br/><br/>The book does offer a different kind of tour of Washington, and Brown makes a valid point when his professor hero Robert Langdon addresses a class of Harvard freshmen asking how many have actually visited DC and a few hands go up.  Then he asks, how many have been to capital cities in Europe.  All hands go up.  It's time to take another look at DC, but when I do, it won't be with Dan Brown.  We've had our second date which just proved we have no chemistry.
 I admit to being a fan of Dan Brown's books and have read them all, but I waited to read this one until I could find a cheap copy at a yard sale, since the reviews have been pretty negative. I just finished reading it and I had to make myself finish the last few chapters. The ending is a real letdown and a total departure from reality. We have a character whose hand was chopped off by a madman who then tortured him in inhuman ways, but once he is rescued, his main interest is in launching a tour for Robert Langdon of some important buildings of Washington DC. Oh yes, his sister, who had been abducted and put through a terrifying experience, relaxes by going with Langdon and enjoying the view atop the Capitol Bldg. Of course, all this is by way of explaining the final "secret" of an incredibly labyrinthine series of coded messages involving a pyramid, a capstone, and a mysterious box. But wouldn't these people be so traumatized and exhausted after their all night ordeal that watching the sun come up from the top of the Capital Bldg. would not be on their list of what to do right away?<br/><br/>The bad guy in this book is REALLY bad, and there is a surprise about who he really is (although it seems other reviewers figured this out on their own). I could not get my mind around this guy and found his actions kind of unbelievable. The involvement of the CIA and the urgent actions of the weird security head Sato led me to think we were going to hear about a real national security threat if the "secret" got out, but what followed was a monumental letdown. It was just more of the Washington elite protecting its own.<br/><br/>What this book DID do for me though was to spark an interest in the monuments in our nation's capital. It's got me thinking about a trip to DC to see these places. This book is a reminder that our founding fathers were, in fact, Masons and their Masonic training DID influence the design of our capital city. It also must have influenced their thinking on other matters too. Dan Brown clearly did plenty of research, both on the Masons and on the buildings in Washington DC. But, interesting as it is as a city, Washington DC doesn't quite match the (for me) exotic venues in DaVinci Code or Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>The stuff about blood sacrifice ended up in strange contradictions as to whether this is part of the Dark Side or the Light Side. The book also has a definite "Star Wars" scene concerning father and son. And while the Masonic rituals get a defense in this book, they are depicted as being confusing to the masses, and so must be kept secret.<br/><br/>This book ended up being too preachy about stuff that did not illuminate the characters or the plot. I am familiar with a lot of the "science" of Katherine Solomon, but I doubt any of it will change the world. The experiment about a small weight loss at the moment of death is a real experiment done back in the early Twentieth Century by Duncan MaDougall, with the stated result (there is a very small weight loss of 21 grams at the moment of death), but it has not led to everyone accepting the existence of the soul. There is plenty of evidence for the continuation of consciousness after death, but it is not the kind of evidence that can be replicated on command and lots of people never inform themselves on these matters, so it has not caused a mass change of belief. Nor did Noetic Science have much to do with the plot in the same way as the revelations (speculations?) in The DaVinci Code. It just seemed like the author wanted to work in a lot of stuff about human consciousness and the oneness of the universe, but it ended up being extra baggage.<br/><br/>This book would have been better if the characters had been more developed and more realistic, if the plot had taken fewer twists and turns that kept you reading more but enjoying it less, and the author had refrained from endlessly preaching to us about the coming enlightenment of mankind. Dan Brown has plenty of advice here in these reviews, so I'll look forward to seeing what he does next.
 This is the fourth Dan Brown book I have read ('The DaVinci Code', 'Angels and Demons' and 'Digital Fortress'). There are certain aspects - the history behind symbols, the codes - that are quite enjoyable. There are others that I didn't like very much at all. Some of the characters were laughable, especially the diminutive, dragon lady, Inoue Sato. The idea of a tiny, sixty-something, female CIA division chief making grown men wet their pants because of her killer reputation is just absurd. Not to mention her trampling over the civil rights of US citizens. Puh-leez!<br/><br/>In this one, I figured out the secret identity of the villain pretty quickly. By process of elimination there was really only one person it could be for the reveal to have any shock value. Also, I guessed the hiding place of the Lost Symbol pretty quickly. I must say that when the Lost Symbol was finally revealed it was pretty disappointing. All throughout the book Brown tries to get the reader to think that the Lost Symbol is some kind of talisman with magical, mystical powers and it turns out to be something quite mundane.<br/><br/>So, if I didn't like the book that much, why did I read it? Well, I got stuck in Kabul and finished the book I was reading and didn't have anything on deck. I went to the PX and had to choose from a very limited selection. I chose poorly. I probably won't rush to read any more Dan Brown books any time soon.
 Based on the number of reviews on Amazon (2,380 and growing), I seem to be a bit late to the Dan Brown The Lost Symbol party. In my defense, I can say that I have been enjoying quite a few first time authors and some favorite authors returning to the book world. Further, as I read quite a few other books with a similar formula in the past year, I really didn't see the need to pick up another one. But this is Dan Brown after all. If you have read The Da Vinci Code, and I am guessing that you have, The Lost Symbol will feel like an old friend. The only differences I can tell between this book and The Da Vinci Code is that The Lost Symbol uses Masonic symbols and all of the action occurs within one day.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon has been asked by his friend, Peter Solomon, to give a presentation in Washington, DC. However, once Robert arrives, the meeting room is empty. It takes him a few moments to discover that he has been deceived. A phone call informs him that he is to unravel the Ancient Mysteries, part of Masonic lore, which will give a person the wisdom of the ages. If he solves the mystery, his friend will be released. Although, not in one piece. Peter's severed hand is in the middle of the Capitol Rotunda, tattooed with strange symbols. Langdon deciphers the clues and the race is on. Mal'akh, a heavily and intricately tattooed, muscle bound man, is the villain that will stop at nothing to posses the Ancient Mysteries so that he can rule to world. Taking the reader from the depths below the Capitol Building, to the streets of Washington, DC, and to areas above the city, this is a breathless action thriller where the activity occurs during one frantic night. Much like Langdon's previous adventures, the action rests only to provide the reader with some historical trivia or to explain some Masonic secret or code.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has delivered pretty much the same novel three times in a row. Only the secrets and symbols come from a different group, in this case, the Masons. Much of the history and design of Washington DC is due, apparently, from the Masons, which is interesting, Brown introduces several fascinating aspects of paintings and buildings, but does not delve more deeply into them. Further, he introduces the reader to Noetic Science, gives it a few pages, but from there does not provide the reader with more. Rather, it seems that he would prefer if we were to Google the term and learn more on our own. If those two things were important for Brown to include in the novel, he could have given them more pages and discussion, removing some of extraneous dialog, characters, or scenes. The final thing that surprised me in this novel was that all of the action occurs in and around Washington, DC. Langdon, in his previous adventures, worked his way around the world, introducing the reader to fascinating people, buildings, and areas. I cannot believe that Brown couldn't have Langdon and his associates travel to, say, Scotland or England, which, according to the book's text, were the early locations of Freemasonry. This could have given the reader a break from Washington, DC. If you are looking to reacquaint yourself with Robert Langdon and have a good time doing so, Brown delivers. For others that have read similar books in the time between The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol, you may be disappointed.<br/><br/>Disclosure:<br/>Obtained from: Friend<br/>Payment: Borrowed
 I normally do not critize an author, but the Lost Symbol by Dan Brown is just too much.  I got the impression that he was expressing criticism of the intelligence of his readers.  The book is long, redundant, exceedingly verbose and at times filled with pointless code breaking.  There is the issue of Eight Franklin Square.  One would think that a prominent members of the CIA's management would KNOW that there is no such address simply by programming it into their GPS in the Black SUV or by googling it.  Also anyone who has lived in D.C. for a long period of time gets to know that some building have numeric names that are not numerical in number.  WOW, but the CIA didn't know?<br/><br/>Then the CIA leader sends two principle people, Langdon and Katherine, off to a potential crime location with only ONE agent for protection.  Now let me see TWO principle suspects and ONE agent.  Is DB's CIA under a budget crunch?<br/><br/>Then you have Professor Langdon, sealed in a plexiglass box that is filling up with water, giving the secret to a "MADMAN" who had, let's see:  Cut off the hand of Langdon's dear friend; Stabbed a screw driver into the neck of a CIA agent (I did wonder where the MADMAN got the screw driver from).  Also the MADMAN killed a security guard, tied up Kathrine, the female that Langdon was travelling with, and oh yes and hit Langdon in the head with something that knocked him to the floor.  With all that death and distruction around Langdon, don't you think that a highly educated college professor would have come to a logical conclusion?  "IF I GIVE THIS LUNITIC THE ANSWER HE IS GOING TO KILL ME ANYWAY."  Also, the college professor may ask "Hey crazy man wearing only a loin cloth, who keeps lying to me; "We have the hand, but where is the rest of my friend, that you promised that you would return if I broke the code?"<br/><br/>Also, there is one other thing that seemmed a little disturbing about this book:  Where are the D.C. police?  That Patterson fellow seems to hold the D.C. police in high reguard.  And here's a news flash for you goverment fans, The CIA does not have a charter that allows it to operate openly in the U.S. without the FBI being involved.  Hey, there's another prominent D.C. agency that was never mentioned; the FBI, this was a kidnapping case.  Oh well the book is FICTION.  And like all Dan Brown books, he takes valid agency and turn it into a bundle of hogwash.<br/><br/>I must admit that this book Lost Symbol is a "Page Turner", there were pages that I skipped out of sear boredom.  And like other reviewers, I was reminded of other Dan Brown books that seem to have a similar plot and the same characters.  Albino man or Tattooman, all have the same increadible physical power, spider like reactions, expanded wisdom and knowledge, and of course they have all disfigured themselves because they are insane.<br/><br/>If there is an abridged version of this book, I would highly recommend it.  But the full over five hundred pages version is burdonsome reading and at times just irritating.<br/><br/>Thanks for you attention
 Dan Brown's third Robert Langdon thriller was everything I thought it would be and more....contrived, hackneyed, and thoroughly predictable.<br/><br/>I realize in picking up a Dan Brown book that I open the cover with a preconceived notion that I won't really enjoy it. I have given very little 'praise' in my reviews of the other two Langdon books written prior to this one.  And though I did enjoy the 'story' of Angels and Demons more than that of Da Vinci Code, and wish I had read A&amp;D first and then stopped reading any further, I did pick up Lost Symbol from a used book store shelf thinking that perhaps 'the third time would be the charm'.<br/><br/>Wrong.<br/><br/>Setting this story against the backdrop of Washington D.C. and the myriad of 'secrets' buried there by the founding fathers and Freemasons in existence at the time the city was built, Langdon is once again drawn into a world of secret societies, hidden agendas, and a dastardly villain who sets out to wreak havoc on the lives of many.  Of course this plot will sound familiar....it is the same as the plot of the two predecessor stories involving Langdon.<br/><br/>I am most definitely a fan of historical mysteries and thrillers....of long-buried secrets that resurface years later and threaten the fabric of contemporary society with their 'revelations'. I have to give Brown credit for choosing interesting 'topics' for his works.  But that is, really, the most I can give him credit for after reading three of his books.<br/><br/>Langdon, this time, is summoned to speak as guest lecturer at a conference in D.C. by his friend and mentor Peter Solomon.  Upon his arrival in D.C. Langdon is immediately thrust into another 'life or death' situation when he realizes that the invitation he received didn't come from Peter himself...but from someone with a far more dangerous agenda than just information sharing.<br/><br/>Langdon partners with Peter's sister, Katherine, in a high speed race against time to deliver to the 'villain' of the piece what he wants - the location of the Freemasons' 'Hidden Temple' in D.C. - Langdon reluctantly begins to decode the symbols which will supposedly lead him to the temple's location....even though he has absolutely no belief that the temple actually exists.<br/>Yet, in order to save the life of his friend, Langdon and Katherine follow the trail that becomes littered with bodies as they slowly come to realize that perhaps this fabled temple is not such a fable after all.<br/><br/>Peppered with some interesting and entertaining 'facts', this story is really just a re-hash of Langdon's prior adventures without the foreign locations.  Take one brilliant 'scientist'...throw in an equally brilliant and beautiful female sidekick.....add a villain or two....and top it off with an historical 'mystery'...and you have each and every one of the three Langdon novels thus far.<br/><br/>I hesitate to say that, if one is written, I will bother with another of Dan Brown's Robert Langdon novels. Starting out with Angels and Demons, the best written of the three (and that's not saying much, really) it's all downhill from there.
 Another great fast moving adventure mystery with Robert Langdon in perfect form. This was fast paced until the last chapters, which might warrant a three star rating...but overall it is a good fast read.<br/>This tale also is wound with the philosophical notions close to my own beliefs that the great religious texts are all in agreement and man fails when his mind is limited. Fundamentalists get caught up in the words rather than the meaning, forgetting that the words were often untranslated, as often happens in any oral tradition. The teller fits the tale to their understanding of their world, the next teller adjusts the words to their understanding, then finally generations later someone creates the text. The text is written in one language then translated into another then that text is translated into another...and so on. Much like preachers and priests select passages that reflect their world view and parishioners only want to hear what confirms their world view, and refuse to hear the passages that conflict with that view.<br/>Much to think about.
 I'm pretty sure I already read this story, oh right that was Angels and Demons...and then I read it again in Davinci Code, I also saw it on the big screen in National Treasure, but that's a different issue altogether.<br/><br/>Repetition and self pllagerism aside Brown has a real problem with writing about technologies he doesn't understand, and making really poor assumtions.  Dan, you don't understand firearms, you don't understand helicopters, you don't understand the Internet, hire a damned consultant.  It may seem petty, but it's distracting from the story when someone asks "...is this even possible" and the answer actually is "yes, it's prefectly normal".<br/><br/>The problem with this book though is the actual plot, or lack thereof.  Langdon gets a phone call, launches into action, meets a genius but sexy woman, spends exactly one night running through a historical city with her, uncovering hidden mysteries only to find that someone at the end will tell him they knew the answer all along.  In this case, after reading chapter 1 page 2, I literally thought "I know where it's hidden".  At this point I didn't know WHAT was hidden, or why, but I knew WHERE it was going to be.  That's how transparent the plot is.  But it gets worse.  You'll remember the bad guy from Davinci code and Angels and demons...not the same charecter, but it's the same mannerisms, same physical oddities, blah blah...and when they reveal his true identity you'll be confused.  Not confused because you don't get it, confused because you didn't realize it was supposed to be a secret.  His identity is obvious within the first few pages of the book, PAINFULLY obvious.<br/><br/>But there's always a saving grace in Brown's books, the big secret revealed at the end.  oops...the big secret, the item that is hidden that is far too powerful for mankind to be trusted with, turns out to be a metaphor and boringly mundane.  Not only that, but the item CAN'T be physically revealed due to the location, requiring another charecter to explain to Langdon what it is, where it is, why it's there...in other words, the whole story was a waste of time.  There was no secret, nothing hidden, this guy knew EVERYTHING all along, all you had to do was ask him.  If you don't see Dan Brown's middle finger mocking you, then you weren't paying attention.
 As a scientist, I'm not a big fan of fiction. I decided to purchase and read this book because it seemed interesting and happened to be glaring at me in every bookstore I went into (a 30% discount was the clincher). I have not read any of Dan Brown's other books but had watched "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons", which I found fairly entertaining. 'The Lost Symbol' was a page-turner. I generally like Brown's writing style; short chapters (some just one page) is a great idea too since it gives you the illusion of the book being shorter than it really is and keeps you reading.<br/><br/>The story has to do with Freemasons in the US and the legend that they guard some ancient wisdom that will change the world. The story tries to get religion into science's 'bed' at science's 'place' rather than at religion's. Fortunately, in reality, science doesn't bring just anyone home and let them get into its bed. In the story, there seems to be that age-old longing for 'something more' (we are not just apes!) and a desperation to get our brightest minds to finally acknowledge it (which might explain the mighty Harvard professor Robert Langdon's main role; the man that needs to be 'convinced'). There were some genuinely interesting twists and surprises that would look good on the silver screen too. Even so, I found some parts, especially toward the end, to be overly-descriptive about buildings and locations. However majestic and fantastic some places in Washington may appear to be, it does not lend an additional iota of credibility to claims about human thoughts being able to manipulate matter. It's a good thing this book purports to be nothing more than fiction; or does it?<br/><br/>Overall, the story was pure entertainment for me. The best and most-developed character was no doubt Mal'akh. At the start, I was ready to give this book 5 stars and halfway through, 4, but by the end, I couldn't honestly rate it more than 3 stars. I just might purchase his next book, however; especially if it explores some of the wonders of science itself. The real 'answers' may lie with science in the *future* and not with religions in the past. Dan should probably invent a new 'skeptic' too (one who need not necessarily be from the-only-university-with-credible-professors).
 Robert Langdon, respected symbologist and well-known protagonist of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a> and <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/B003ESR9MW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a>, is back on the job.  Summoned by an early-morning phone call, Robert makes a hurried flight to Washington, DC.  He is prepared to address a gathering of the chic and famous, filling in for a last minute cancellation.  Instead, Robert finds himself racing the clock to decode hidden clues and follow the directions of a mysterious tattooed man.  His only thought is to save the life of his mentor, Peter Solomon.  It soon seems that there is more at stake.<br/><br/>This book is action-packed, and filled with both unfathomable mysteries and too-predictable characters.  The puzzles are interesting and Brown does set the reader up to understand a few of them before the characters do.  You have to love a story that makes you feel smart, don't you?  But several of the characters, while acting predictably, have beliefs and motivations that don't make a lot of sense.  It also strains credulity that so many symbols and ancient artifacts stay just where a famous someone put them centuries ago, waiting for a less-famous someone to deduce their significance.  It's odd that a clever person in the past would create a plan that relies on this happening, over and over.<br/><br/>The audio version of this book was well-done.  Paul Michael creates distinct vocal personalities for a fairly broad collection of male and female characters.  I was glad to have the relentlessly-advancing audio medium to help me move through the book, which could have benefitted from some editing.  I notice that the <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/abridged-audio-book/dp/B004PVJYQQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">abridged audio book</a> is just over a third the size of the unabridged.  I initially judged this cut-down version harshly, but now think the abridgers may be wiser than I credited.<br/><br/>Dan Brown and Robert Langdon fans should not miss this book.  Less devoted readers might think twice before making the substantial time commitment.
 Some parts of this book were actually entertaining and interesting.  Little snippets or factoids like the etymology of "sincerely".  I was even willing to suspend disbelief on all the masonic nonsense because, frankly, I can believe that others believe this stuff and do all this.  Despite its being such transparent hokum.  But I cannot accept the bizarrely twisted "science" that is presented here.  Nor the gratuitous bible-babble that comprises the final scenes and epilogues.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor -- once the "bad guy" is killed, put the book down and walk away.  Else you may punch a wall and hurt yourself...like I did!<br/><br/>The other reviewers are largely correct.  The characters are cliched and copied.  The scene from the Abyss is a rip-off and obvious as anything.  (When was the last time an author killed off his bread and butter character in the MIDDLE of tbe book?)  And Brown is manipulative as hell -- he TELLS you the origin of the bad guy as the narrator, and then changes it when convenient to pull a surprise.  Very poor taste and indicative of a talent vacuum.<br/><br/>Two stars is the best I can do.
 I'm not disappointed that The Lost Symbol doesn't live up to The Da Vinci Code or Angels or Demons - I didn't read those books.  This is my first Dan Brown novel and most likely will be my last.  I'm in about 120 pages and it feels like Brown is trying really, REALLY hard to convince me how smart he is - impress me with his genius (I believe another reviewer called it "smugness").  So far it hasn't worked.  It seems he knows a lot about nothing important especially as it relates to the story but he really wants me to believe that it is all true because he says so.  The writing seems sophmoric - there is a LOT of mediocre dialog and the characters are one dimensional even though a LOT of pages are dedicated to their histories. Langdon spends a lot of time fretting about Peter and then figuring out nothing.  It seems like the CIA agent was put in the story just to lead Langdon around because he's suddenly been struck stupid and couldn't fight his way out of a paper bag.  The story goes NOWHERE FAST - 120 or so pages and they're not out of the Rotunda yet.  Quite honestly, I don't care why the guy cut Peter's hand off.  I don't believe that there is a portal and don't really care if there is (a good writer makes you care).  And I'm pretty much hoping that Peter's sister gets "taken out" pretty quick because she is the lamest of all.  I'm sure a good screenwriter &amp; Ron Howard can spiff it up and turn it into a decent movie but as far as the book goes:  I really wanted to like this book but I doubt I'll bother with finishing it since other reviewers tell me it doesn't improve.
 Maybe I'm just over Robert Langdon, but I just didn't enjoy this one as much as I enjoyed "Angels &amp; Demons" and "The DeVinci Code". In both of the earilier novels, I was perfectly willing to suspend my disbelief and enjoy the thrill ride as the story sped along. This time, I kept finding myself pulling up with a reaction of "Really?!". Perhaps it was because the broad outlines of this story are so similar to those of the earlier works. Maybe I just couldn't swallow the pseudo-science of the lost Mysteries. Regardless, I had trouble staying immersed in the story and didn't enjoy the ride nearly as much this time.<br/><br/>This time Robert Langdon is drawn to Washington, DC (under false pretenses) and finds himself on a hunt for the mythical Masonic Pyramid that is supposedly burried here and which will supposedly reveal the lost Ancient Mysteries, which have been hidden to prevent their incredible power from falling into the hands of the unworthy. He faces off against a madman who seeks this power for his own purposes, as well as a CIA team that has an unknown agenda of its own. Like Brown's earlier novels, this story is compressed into a very short time span (a single night), though it stays within a single city (unlike "The DaVinci Code"). Full of symbols, codes and puzzles, this has all the elements we've come to expect of a Robert Langdon adventure.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, I figured out the identity of the madman far too early, and found the attempts to distract the reader from the identity annoying. Additionally, the research into the locations used in the book was glaringly indadequate...perhaps the most jarring example for me was the description of the King Street Metro station in Alexandria, VA. The departure from reality does not play any part in the story, and merely reflects incomplete research, which just served to distract me from the action.<br/><br/>The result is a thriller that is somewhat predicatable, and feels tired and worn, as if we'd read it before. I was hoping for something fresher, but this simply didn't measure up to what I was expecting. It probably is an acceptable thriller for someone new to the characters, but as a follow up to the earlier works, it just wasn't enough.
 The most helpful reviews listed are pretty much dead on. And while I admit I liked this book to some degree, I had a very difficult time loving it, just because it was sooo slow. Having read Angels and Demons previously, I was expecting a more action packed book that kept you pretty much on edge for it's majority moving you from one location to the next. Even though it has it's amount of cliffhangers and mysteries-this was NOT the case with The Lost Symbol. The book is crammed with a lot of additional fluff that seems to serve no other purpose than to fill the pages.<br/><br/>It felt like the characters spent way too much time philosophizing and discussing religious/scientific/historical concepts than actually trying to solve their mystery. And it was also extremely disappointing that the characters were too quick to fall into painfully obvious traps ("Gee, my brother has never texted a message in his life- BUT he texted me right now to say he's ok.. and what? Invite this totally random stranger to our SECRET lab that nobody on Earth knows about but us?? Suuure, no problem!!"<br/><br/>Robert Langdon's character was difficult to like in this book with his constant disbelief at every turn ("But that's impossible! It's a myth!!), and the whole "oh, but the answer is simple- it's right in front of your face- but I won't just TELL you, I'm going to make you guess really hard!" attitude of the characters in the book (everyone's got so much EXPLAINING to do, do we really HAVE to be so mysterious in our approach? If you know the answer- just SAY THE ANSWER!!!)<br/><br/>It was definitely a page-turner, but mostly I was waiting for the pace to pick up (and it did for awhile, only to go back down again), and when I realized that it is wasn't going to get much better- I just wanted to finish reading the book already (enough is enough!!).<br/><br/>Regardless, I did enjoy the idea of the story. I did not enjoy how dragged out it was to actually TELL that story. The ending was definitely a letdown in that it wasn't nearly as exciting as I hoped for it to be, MOSTLY because the last 20-30 or so pages seemed to be completely unnecessary. It felt like the author got caught up telling one story, but forgot that he had a whole other mystery at hand to solve. So after the one 'BIG' unveiling, there's nothing left and you get stuck with one character explaining things to the other in a "oh, by the way, I owe you the answers now since you went through all THIS, so here it is".. and you're like "Oh?? oh.. ok that makes sense.. whatever. Thanks for wasting my time Dan Brown".
 Dan Brown, in my humble opinion, is at a crossroad. His novels are built a certain way and we've come to expect it. His structure keeps repeating. The same kind of vilains, the same kind of twists, the same kind of historical facts, the same kind of thruth mixed with the lies, The same kind of blur between facts and fiction, the same kind of suspense, the same kind of hero (male or female)... except that in "The Last Symbol", he ran out of juice. He squeezed everything he could possibly squeezed in terms of revelations. National secrets, extra-terrestrial life, Vatican mysteries, descendants of Christ... what could he possibly come up with after Jesus? Ancient mysteries?<br/><br/>It was looking good. This so-called lost symbol. But at the end, you go: "what? All this for that?" I kept expecting to see a giant golden pyramid hidden somewhere underneath the U.S. capitol with some kind of a "Stargate-like" portal to another dimension. And with the soul actually weighing something thus having the proof that there is a life after death, i was sure to see some kind of closure, some kind of grandiloquence and dramatic connection where the characters, Robert Langdon particularly, would literally "taste" Heaven and talk to God himself.<br/><br/>Instead... you have a cheap metaphore serving as a cheap moralistic conclusion. All this for that.<br/><br/>That is what happens, i think, when an author runs out of inspiration but still feels like he as to surf on his reputation. Like the director M.Night Shyamalan with his dramatic 360 degree twists at the end of his movies. The story exist ONLY to make that dramatic conclusion work, thus putting the characters within a narrative prison that they can't get out of. Therefore, it doesn't feel natural. It feels forced. The characters are doing things because the story wants them to do these things.<br/><br/>That is why i think Dan Brown is at a crossroad. It worked so far but this time, readers are catching on. He has to find a way to re-invent himself. If not, what's next? We'll find that the landing on the Moon was all fake? Or that the Moon itself is not real? Again, after dealing with Jesus, where else can you go? Can't really go bigger than that, can you?<br/><br/>Maybe go smaller?
 Robert Langdon is fast losing his appeal as the leading character of this series. About two-thirds of the way through the book you just wish he would shut up and quit philosophizing and moralizing about every insignificant fact behind a symbol or a architectural flourish. I understand Dan Brown compiled a lot of research as he was writing this book, but he doesn't have to dump ALL of it on us. Also, he has absolutely NO role in the last 40 pages of the book. He just serves as a foil for the other major characters to tell him--what, exactly? I don't remember, because none of it seemed important or relevant.<br/><br/>Anyway, the characters are pretty stupid because they are all duped by one villain. He is able to get into the most secure places in the nation's capitol by impersonating others and improvising. He's supposed to be the incarnation of evil, but there's no depth to a characterization like that. The revelation at the end of his real identity is hard to swallow as well.<br/><br/>Once the book picks up pace (150 pages into it!), it doesn't take long to lose steam, and Brown fills the book with unnecessary flashbacks, sometimes flashing back to a single event from multiple points of view. It bogs the story down and makes an already long read much too long. Most of the book takes place over 8 hours, but it takes 20 hours to read it. There's something wrong with that.<br/><br/>The stuff about Noetics is interesting, but it doesn't seem to have any bearing whatsoever on the plot until the last 20 pages, and even then it's a stretch. When Katherine spouts off for 10 pages about how every single human on Earth is his own God and that's what ancient texts like the Bible and the Bhagavad Gita are "coded" to tell us, I wanted to throw the book down, but I was so close to the end I suffered through it. It's supposed to act as the great climactic revelation--like the offspring of Jesus from the Da Vinci Code--but it comes off as artificial and as prosleytizing.
 I liked this. Mr. Brown writes fun, high stakes scavenger hunts. This one was fun, but the ending ruined it. It should have ended with the villain being subdued. Instead we are treated to several hours of more reading that is meaningless. It's seriously like being trapped in a room with your crazy church-lady aunt and unable to leave as she tells you her weirdo bible theories. Also, why does Peter not go to the hospital? He's been repeatedly drown, beaten, and had an anesthetic free amputation performed on him all within about eighteen hours. He never seeks medical attention. And how does Katherine make cell phone calls out of a room that is shielded from all external radiation? This was a four star book before the insane multi-family member lecture session regarding that families unorthodox religious beliefs inflicted on the main character.<br/>Lastly, the author has evidently never attended a lecture at a top level university. Those kids aren't into drinking and clowning. They are not playful. They have been raised since middle school to be joylessly focused on achievement. If a lecture begins, everyone in the hall is taking notes instantly.
 I was waiting for this book to come out in paperback before buying because I hate carrying around enormous books (particularly in hardcover, which makes them heavier) but my cousin happened to have a copy to lend me, so I got the treat of reading this earlier than planned. I remember when Da Vinci Code was being passed around (I was spending a year in Israel so the ten or so books that we had among everyone at school were passed around and read by absolutely everyone). Everyone was absolutely fascinated by this alternate way of looking at these historical, famous images, places, and people that Brown presented. (While it is true that Angels and Demons came first, for some reason no one seemed to realize book 1 existed until after book 2 was popular) and in The Lost Symbol, the mysteries and surprises keep on coming.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is lured to the Capitol, ostensibly to give a last minute lecture, only to discover that he has been tricked and the man who supposedly asked him to come has been kidnapped. The kidnapper wants Langdon to decode an ancient pyramid that will lead to the Ancient Mysteries, a secret guarded carefully by the Masons (a society with secrets NOT a secret society). Like in the other books, you never really knew where things were going to wind up. Who was good or bad, what was the end goal, what didn't we know about history?<br/><br/>I had a number of issues with The Lost Symbol, the least of which is Brown's a flare for the dramatics that has a slight tendency to go overkill. (Nearly every section ends with something like "The rag was slipping back in her throat, threatening to choke her. She couldn't breath!" Yes well, A-&gt;B-&gt;C.) This book got a little too spiritual for me and while I don't necessarily disbelieve the idea that thoughts can impact reality, the things being claimed in the books just felt too out there. It was all too much and it required so much explaining (the noetic science and the actual symbology) that though the plot depends on it, the amount of explanation came off as a bit over the top and slowed the plot down a bit. Because each book is so detailed and complex, it is nearly impossible to actually recall details from one to the next, so even when Brown uses the typical writing tactic of mention small bits and memories of previous books to allow the readers to feel the connection (and also enjoy the nostalgia of recalling the other books), I found myself unable to actually recall the things he was mentioning.<br/><br/>The weakest part of the book to me was the ending, which was too long and dragged out. After everything was resolved and calm again, the book wasn't over. Not only was it not over, it had quite a bit left. It didn't feel like we were going anywhere.<br/><br/>The thing that I would most appreciate, is actual colored pictures of the art pieces mentioned, because otherwise, they are asking us to take Dan Brown's word for everything (or look it all up-which we know most people won't do). Adding pictures (much like it adds some of the other elements) would make it feel even more real.<br/><br/>Despite all the problems I had with this book, I did enjoy it. There were enough twists and turns and bits of intrigue to keep me interested and I found myself particularly enjoying Katherine Solomon's character. It was a good read but certainly not the best in the series.
 In his follow-up to the mega-best-selling The Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown has produced what is essentially a love letter to the Masonic Order combined with a humanistic New Age manifesto, thinly disguised as a genuinely entertaining ticking-clock thriller.<br/><br/>When Robert Langdon arrives in Washington to deliver an address at an awards dinner at the urgent request of his friend and mentor Peter Solomon, he discovers he has been duped; not only is there no dinner, but Peter has been kidnapped, and Langdon's presence in the capital is not to deliver a speech but to assist the kidnapper in decoding a series of Masonic codes supposedly leading to a cache of hidden wisdom. As Langdon deciphers layer after layer of an increasingly complex code, he must draw upon his vast but incomplete knowledge of Masonic lore in hopes of saving his friend's life before it's too late. Working with him are the director of the CIA's Security Office, who insists that what Langdon is about to uncover is somehow related to national security, and Peter's sister, a beautiful and brilliant noetic scientist on the verge of discovering a tangible link between human thoughts and material reality, including the existence of the soul.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is every bit as readable as The Da Vinci Code while even more intense and possibly more controversial. The writing is engaging, the characters are rich and well-supplied with interesting back-stories, and the action is practically nonstop. Brown clearly undertook a monumental research project in preparation for writing; readers are inundated with a wealth of information about Masons, noetic science, and New Age mysticism, though as in Brown's previous books the line between fact and fiction is rather blurry at times. The book takes place almost entirely in Washington, D.C., and readers will enjoy experiencing the buildings, symbols, and myths of the U.S. capital from a new perspective.<br/><br/>Unsurprisingly, traditional Christianity (along with Judaism, Hinduism , and Islam) is portrayed as at best backward and uninformed and at worst downright deceptive. Masons, on the other hand, are the enlightened protectors of sacred knowledge, and those who embrace the concept that God is within us all are on the path to true fulfillment. Brown's treatment of the Masonic Order is unequivocally positive, although his descriptions of Masonic rituals paint them in an undeniably sinister light even as he defends their motives. The book contains no sexual content and minimal foul language, but the stark evil of the villain along with depictions of ritual sacrifice, bizarre ceremonies, and sadistic torture and murder make the story much darker than either of the two previous books in the series.<br/><br/>The pace lags a bit toward the end as Brown lapses into preacher mode, working his characters into a frenzy of pseudo-spiritualism that contributes little other than to make one wish the book had ended a few chapters earlier. Nevertheless, as an example of how to communicate what could have been pedantic and esoteric information in a thoroughly engaging way, The Lost Symbol succeeds brilliantly.
 Warning: This review has a tendency to come off as a biased rant.<br/><br/>I'll begin by saying I am a huge fan of Dan Brown and his previous novels. I am so much of a fan that I bought this on its release day, pre-ordered and all. So no, I'm not just hating. If you just want to know what I think about the novel, I'll get to the point; I did not like it.<br/><br/>If you are still interested though, I would like to share how I imagined Dan Brown's notes for this book to be like. I'm pretty sure it will look something like this...<br/><br/>HOW TO WRITE MY NEXT #1 INTERNATIONAL BESTSELLER:<br/><br/>1. Start with a renowned expert dying a hideous and morbid death. *next chapter* The phone rings in the middle of the night, waking up our main character, informing him about sudden, shocking, unexpected events that just happened. Our protagonist would then need to take an unexpected flight to nowhere. Once destination is reached, he will then have to face hours of grueling mystery and dangerous adventures, uncover historic secrets, and solve the problem hand in hand with a bunch of random other characters...... or else.<br/><br/>2. DESCRIBE DESCRIBE DESCRIBE. (in full detail)<br/><br/>- talk endlessly about main character's brooding looks, clothing (turtleneck, Harris Tweed jacket, khakis, and collegiate cordovan loafers), six pack swimmer and water polo abs, and Mickey Mouse watch. (also: talk nonstop about how the other characters' use their iPhones and Blackberry&lt;- very important!)<br/><br/>3. Have different variations of these:<br/><br/>Character 1: A lot of people don't know but `X' can be seen throughout history.. even famous landmarks and monuments.<br/><br/>Character 2: I don't understand what you mean...<br/><br/>Character 1 shows Character 2. For a moment there, Character 2 could not grasp what Character 1 meant. And then all of a sudden... *GASP* it dawned on him.<br/><br/>4. Talk about Christianity/God/Jesus/Catholicism/Buddhism/Muslim/ancient groups/secret orders/secret cults/science/The Bible, etc.<br/><br/>5. Add a beautiful, wealthy, sexy, smart scientist (aka love interest. gender: female) who has ground-breaking secret inventions, research, and experiments that could forever change the course of history!<br/><br/>6. Add a villain. Tall, freakish looking, psychotic, bald, and rich. (come up with smarter adjectives ASAP)<br/><br/>7. The Ending. Something big. Something crazy. Something drastic. Add a twist. Something inspiring. Anything jaw-dropping.<br/><br/>8. One last thing. Add cliffhangers in EVERY chapter. And then make the readers wait for the revelations. They don't have to make sense. They don't have to advance the plot, or count for anything.They just have to be shocking!<br/><br/>IMPORTANT NOTES: 1.)Write about 500 pages to satisfy my editor's requirements. 2.) End it with a bang (talk about faith, hope, OR even love. I don't know and I don't care what it is as long as it is inspiring)<br/><br/>NOT-SO-IMPT NOTES: Just copy/paste from previous novels if lost. Nobody will notice.<br/><br/>END LIST.<br/><br/>__<br/><br/>Consensus: Personally, I thought it was boring, lengthy, dragging, uninspiring, and completely unnecessary.<br/><br/>Believe me, I really wanted to love this one. But it pretty much failed on so many levels. Please don't waste your time.
 Imagine an 18-hour plane ride sitting next to an old man who is bound and determined to tell you the details of every History Channel program he has ever watched in his lifetime.  That pretty much sums up The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>I, unfortunately, ignored the harsh reviews thinking this book couldn't be any worse than the other Dan Brown books.  Since finishing The Lost Symbol I've been trying really hard to think of a book I disliked more.  So far, I haven't come up with one.<br/><br/>I experienced The Lost Symbol in its audiobook form.  If I'd bought the actual book I would never have finished it.  I usually zip through audiobooks during my commute to work but this one was pure mental drudgery.  I think I may have even lost a few IQ points trying to rationalize the ridiculous plot.<br/><br/>The premise of the book is just plain silly.  Remember in the other Dan Brown books where there was a big revelation at the end that really drove home the story?  Well, there is no revelation in this book.  Nothing.  It's just hour after hour of shallow characters reciting text book babble.  Why would you want to engage in a scholarly debate when people's lives are at stake?  None of the characters seemed the least bit worried about the impending deaths of their loved ones, at least not worried enough to stop prattling on about Masonic history long enough to call the police.  I know, all part of the suspension of disbelief, but suspending this much disbelief makes my head hurt.
 Of course we've all read Brown's other two famous novels, and we either loved or hated them, but we respected what he did.  Looking towards The Lost Symbol I wasn't expecting another Angels &amp; Demons, but I was certainly looking for another quality page turner.  It was a page turner, but the story certainly wasn't quality.<br/><br/>The story itself is very formulaic and predictable.  Brown purposefully went out of his way to make the most stereotypical evil bad guy, who just happens to always be one step ahead of everyone, even when that train of thought is no where near the logical conclusion on where such and such will lead Langdon next (sorry for being vague, but don't want to give any spoilers).  Add to that the typical pushy CIA director/Authority figure and the similarly brilliant and yet dumb geniuses all chasing down puzzle after puzzle piece, while the other is chasing him down, and you have a page turner that is not satisfying in the least.  And being a page turner can be good, a la Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code, but in this case there is absolutely no need to have every single three to five page chapter end in a cliff hanger with a don don don moment.<br/><br/>Eventually something came up that took me by surprise towards the end, something that was not as predictable as the rest of the book, and thus the 2 stars.  For that alone he redeemed himself a little and I truly was surprised.  But then the book ended so anticlimactically that you put it down feeling nothing except, perhaps, that you had wasted your time.  Please, Mr. Brown, end the Langdon series already.  The character and themes are played out and I would love to see you write about something else as equally interesting (hopefully without the oh so cinematic chapter endings that always have to be a cliff hanger).  Not a recommend.<br/><br/>2 stars.
 Really what is there that can be said that hasn't been said in the two and a half thousand Amazon (and countless others) already?<br/><br/>Trying to match the phenomenal craze that was The Da Vinci Code seems an impossible task. Unsurprisingly Lost Symbol has been years in the making and unfortunately still doesn't quite live up to its predecessor.<br/><br/>The plot lacks the same controversy, the only people likely to be offended by this piece are scientists, and let's face it. As a whole scientists aren't known for their extremist opposition to such books, especially when compared to say... the entire Christian religion. The Lost Symbol builds on such ideas as global cognition and ESP, including that ridiculous idea going around that if you think loving thoughts at water it'll freeze into beautiful crystals.<br/><br/>Brown delves into character backstory for this novel, and unfortunately this makes his plots drag, where Da Vinci was a somewhat fast paced wild ride around the world, much of the action of Lost Symbol occurs in a mere few locations while we are filled in on random pieces of history.<br/><br/>The antagonist of Lost Symbol is about on par with Silias, everyone's favourite albino monk but there is no secret mastermind behind the sinister plot in Lost Symbol and the story feels worse for it. There is a mandatory twist at the end which is surprising but not well executed (my question being how did ----- fake his death without anyone catching him up later?)<br/><br/>There are a few pieces of well executed humour, and Brown's familiar easy to read prose is still there. Of course even though Lost Symbol may not live up to expectations there is no doubt that any book of Dan Brown's will be a raging success, all that really remains to be seen is whether Brown will continue with his Robert Langdon series and ever match the hype of Da Vinci code, or settle for the millions he must have already earned with his massive writing career.
 The Lost Symbol is The Da Vinci Code is Angel's and Demons is Deception Point.  Unfortunately the novelty of the of super smart symbology sleuth solving impossible-to-solve ancient mysteries has really run it's course.  The result: The Lost Symbol is just plain dull.<br/><br/>If you've read any of Brown's other books, you know before opening this book that Robert Langdon will pull off the impossible, he will partner with an intellectual female, there will be some sort of uber zealous secret society, and the secret society will not want whatever secrets Langon will uncover to see the light of day (or in this case, see the light of day in someone else's hands).<br/><br/>And between learning valuable information from THE ONLY people on the planet that can provide that key info (darn lucky for Langdon) there is a bit of action with generally predictable outcomes.<br/><br/>But the biggest "things that make you go 'huh'" moment has got to be the ending.  After expending the energy to slog through hundreds of pages of numerous "Oh, I get it now" moments where Langon has some partial epiphany that leads him to the next clue, you are rewarded with fizzle.<br/><br/>I may have given The Lost Symbol an extra star if the ending were a bit more interesting and less preachy.  However, it wasn't so 2 stars is as good as it gets.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons were fair escapist stories and worth reading.  The Lost Symbol has some fun Dan Brown moments (specifically insights into real or make-believe facts about our nation's capital), but mostly it's just not very fun to read.
 Having read two previous Dan Brown (hereafter referred to as DB) books -'Angels and Demons', and 'The Da Vinci Code', I approached 'The Lost Symbol' with some curiosity.  It had been six years since 'The Da Vinci Code' -lots of time for an author like Brown to pen an exciting book packed with fascinating facts, while improving on his writing skills.  I enjoyed the previous Brown books in spite of his amateurish writing -surely he would have listened to legions of well-intentioned critics and tidied up some of his most egregious barbarisms?  But sadly, no.  In 'Angels and Demons' and 'The Da Vinci Code' people were often prone to chuckling.  When  I come across the word 'chuckle' used seriously in a book I'm tempted to attack the book with whatever weapon is within reach.  Who chuckles?  Yokels chuckle.  Half-wits chuckle.  People watching re-runs of Hee Haw chuckle.  In 'The Lost Symbol' everyone seems to chuckle, from world famous symboligists, to tattooed, demonic, uber-villains to highly intelligent scientists.  To keep my sanity as I laboured through the book, I kept a chuckle-count.  So, if chuckles bug you be forewarned, there are 29 of them in 'The Lost Symbol'.  Another annoying behaviour characters are prone to in DB books is letting their jaws fall open when they encounter something astonishing or unexpected.  How often do you really see jaws drop outside of cartoons or dental offices?  I'm happy to report that the jaw drop count (which also includes mouth gapes and mouths falling open) only totalled 6 for 'The Lost Symbol', which I believe may be down somewhat from 'The Da Vinci Code' jaw drop count.<br/><br/>In addition to vexing writing habits, DB commits plot atrocities in 'The Lost Symbol' that would embarrass F.W. Dixon.  When Mal'akh, sitting in his Turkish jail cell, overhears Peter Soloman talking to the prison warden through a vent, I almost pitched the book.  Come on, a prisoner's cell has a vent connected to the warden's office that allows him to listen in on confidential conversations?  This is only one of the more outrageous among many dodgy plot anomalies and unconvincing behaviours and characterizations in the book.<br/><br/>Speaking of F.W. Dixon, with all of the negatives associated with DB's writing, why do so many people still read him?  Well, the standards of many people are not that high to begin with -just look at the best sellers lists.  With DB though, my theory is that it is mostly a guy thing.  We yearn for those pre-adolescent days, before we had to worry about girls, cars, real estate, and making money -when we could just kick back and, with a Coke, a bag of chips and a chocolate bar, lose ourselves in a good brainless Hardy Boys adventure.  As I said in my Amazon.com review of 'The Da Vinci Code', DB's books are Hardy Boys for adults -fast paced, stock characters, scary bad guys, no sex, simple dialogue, travel, and lots and lots of action.<br/><br/>As with 'Angels and Demons' and 'The Da Vinci Code', 'The Lost Symbol' introduces the reader to some intriguing architecture and some interesting facts -but this time there isn't enough  of this to balance out the bad writing, awkward plotting, and general implausibility of the whole farrago.  The sludgy ending was extremely anti-climactic and seemed to go on forever with the mushy Noetic science exposition reminding me of 'The Celestine Prophesy' balderdash.  DB had six years to clean up his writing and come up with something good and this is what he gave us.  He and his publisher are clearly quite satisfied with the status quo and are not interested in improving their product.  And I am not interested in reading another DB book.
 I generally enjoy Dan Brown's books and from the start, The Lost Symbol was shaping up to be his best yet. Much like his early work, The Lost Symbol is an adventure novel devoid of religion, but with the addition of Robert Landon and his uncanny knack for solving historical puzzles. Taking everything good from Brown's previous novels and leaving out the rest, The Lost Symbol should have been perfect.<br/><br/>I say should have been perfect because it had two glaring problems. First was its length. I don't mind a long novel, as long as there is a reason for the length. The Lost Symbol reiterated plot points over and over again, as if it was attempting to drill the facts into your head. Much of this could have been remedied by a strong editor, but as is the case with many super-bestsellers, I don't think anyone wanted to tell Brown his novel had some issues.<br/><br/>Secondly, and much more important than the length, was the ending of The Lost Symbol. The story was chugging along, taking me on a wonderful adventure through Washington DC while teaching me about Masonic history. As we raced towards solving the mystery, disaster struck. The entire book culminated in religious philosophy. It was like Brown couldn't help himself. He became popular only after he began writing about religion, so while 96% of The Lost Symbol was something completely other, he still had to throw in a little God.<br/><br/>I wouldn't have cared if the entire book has been religious in nature, as I liked Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code. The problem for me was because it was so completely unnecessary for the story to end up there. Hundreds upon hundreds of pages of build up about the mysteries of the universe should have revealed something more shocking.<br/><br/>I'm torn in my feelings for The Lost Symbol. I loved the story, but hated the ending. I loved the setting, the characters, the mystery, but really, just hated the resolution. If only I would have stopped reading before the final secret was revealed, I could have loved The Lost Symbol completely.
 Many skeptics and pessimistic voyeurs long to see into the world of the wealthy and powerful autocratic `powers that be'...most critiques think the Lost Symbol is an automatic bestseller due to the adulation and fan fair of the previous books in the series.  This is the long awaited sequel to the legendary Da Vinci Code.  The mystery and mysticism surrounding this books delves into the recesses and hidden cloisters of Washington D.C. where Masonic symbols and hidden knowledge is said to be kept only for a select few erudite aristocratic tyrants.<br/><br/>However much truth is ensconced in this labyrinth of symbols and secret societies there is still a distinctive boundary between secular organizations and religious enclaves, one relies on ecclesiastical knowledge and the other relies on ancient wisdom compiled from humanist philosophers and somewhat from popular misconceptions about what the nature of the human soul withholds.<br/><br/>Still the proverbial jury is out and there is no definitive consensus on the basic conundrum.  The mystery is his religion more powerful than manmade organizations that control the moral codes, laws, and belief systems of the world.  Are there a handful of billionaire Masons controlling the ebb and flow of the world or is there providence, is God ultimately allowing men to `run things' or does God intervene and control the government and world organization, which would then just be acting as his proxy or authority on earth.<br/><br/>About the actual writing style of the novel, I think that it was too simplistic at times, Brown did not go into enough detail about the emotional state, feeling of fear or elation, or the motivations of the characters.  If Brown had taken a bit more time to tell the reader how the character feels about the events that took place in the novel, perhaps the characters would have been more real, more, tangible, and more `fleshed out.' The character seemed like mere representations of power people, rich people, educated people but not real human beings that the reader could emotionally relate to.<br/><br/>On the other hand, if Brown had gone into such finite detail many of the readers would have lost focus on the plot and what was actually going on in the turn of events. Sometimes detailed psychological exhibitions of relationships and how characters feel disrupts the flow and resolution of the plot, when most readers just want basic knowledge and the resolution of a mysterious plot with simple suspense and action.  Over all Lost Symbol was informative and fascinating
 First, let me say that writing a review on Dan Brown's books is almost by definition a waste of time: There is no way to convince hard fans to not spend money on it; also, there is no way to convince some of my elitist friends that his books are worth even the cost of paper on which they are printed.<br/><br/>Why am I doing it, then? Mainly because I switched camps: while I found the "DaVinci Code" and "Angels and Demons" reasonably entertaining, with "Lost Symbol" my ratings of Dan Brown's books fall to all-time low.<br/>Despite many drawbacks, the previous books had a redeeming quality; they had fast-moving story, based on more or less plausible logic and some more or less believable idea. In other words, they were fun to read. "Lost Symbol" lacks even this. Well, the "fast-moving" part is still here; but it is essentially a series of episodes, connected (or not) in time and place by some far-fetched logic.<br/>Based on my previous experience, when I bought "LS", I didn't expect the Nobel-prize literature winner, but I did expect to be entertained. Instead, I began to speed-read and skip pages after first 50 pages.<br/><br/>As for the idea, I got the feeling that if professor Langdon read the "Secret", he wouldn't be looking for a secret of lost symbol. Apparently, Dan Brown was too busy trying to squeeze 10 years of Masonic research into one mass market volume, to pay attention to other things happening in the world. For example, "energy of thoughts" and "law of attraction" became such a table talk subjects in the last couple of years that they lost any appeal as part of high intrigue and sacred secrets moving the book plot.<br/><br/>On the positive side:<br/>First, I do expect a lot of tourists coming to Washington, DC in next couple of years; this definitely would help the economy of the region.<br/><br/>Second, I don't know much about masons, except of basic common knowledge facts. Now I am curious enough to pick more serious reference book and read more. No doubt, many people would do just the same. Considering the amount of pre-conceptions regarding masons and their role in our society, the increased public awareness is definitely a positive outcome of the book.<br/><br/>In conclusion, no matter how implausible Brown's theories are, I appreciate the amount of research that he does before getting his books published. I just wish this time it were translated into more interesting story.
 The beginning and start of the middle of the book {I listened to the audiobook} were OK. This is a slow-mover, and I was disappointed by the boring descriptions of things that weren't important. I became tired of the long-winded descriptions of everything. After the main characters have an experience that would put most, normal people into the hospital, they feel like wandering around DC explaining the mystical significance of everything, in extreme, painful detail. The last half of the book includes a boring conclusion to the main plot, and an even more boring resolution to the over-all story. Brown's tone is dull. Da Vinci is certainly the best of the bunch for this author so far. I fast-forwarded through the last 50 or so chapters, and would have flipped through them if I had been reading the print version. I am happy to be finished with this book, and I would not recommend it if one is interested in a suspense or mystery novel. If one is interested in the theoretical meanings of various symbols, it might be a starting point for research.
 In chap. 107 of this book, the author writes about one of Ms. Katherine Solomon's Noetic Experiments: Weighing the Soul of a very old man ready to die in a completely closed plastic box, using her very sensitive scale. The normal weight of the experimental subject just before his death was 51.4534644 kg! What a sensitive scale! (if such a scale is really available for human weighing.) And Katherine got a minuscule decrease in the weight after his death. How much was the minuscule decrease? Unfortunately, the author did not report. The decrease might have been exactly 1/3000 of an ounce, 1/2222 of the 21 g, which Dr. Duncan MacDougall reported for his first patient in his experimental paper published in 1907. (As you might know, the 1/3000 of an ounce appeared in a tabloid, Weekly World News, Nov. 1988, as an experimentally measured weight of the soul reported by the then East German scientists.) There have been criticisms against MacDougall that he failed to do the experiment putting his dying subjects in a completely closed system. Hence, it appears that Katherine used a completely closed box. Even if Dan Brown may think that this procedure of Katherine will not be scientifically criticized, there are several criticisms, which appeared at the website "Noetic Sciences." These are: (1) the claimed experimentally measured weight of the soul, 1/3000 of an ounce (0.00945 g), for 200 terminally ill subjects reported in the tabloid apparently has no scientific ground (because there exists no corresponding peer-review paper published in any scientific journal), (b) if one takes into account the dynamic effect of heart beating (the maximum amplitude of beating can be as great as +/-150 gf), as well as breathing, on the weighing experiment, it will be impossible to measure the weight of a living human in such a precision, 51.4534644 kg!<br/>Hence, the author had better revise the writing before going public with his new-coming movie.<br/>By the way, the gruesome manner the bad guy imposed on the three, apparently good, people in the book is really nauseating, at least to me. If Dan Brown really thinks a possibility of our thought having mass (M), the energy (E = Mc^2) might be so great that his description of this merciless deeds of the bad guy may have a bad impact on the society. Hate of bad deeds will never be an answer to eliminate such deeds; only love for good deeds brings about the condition for good deeds!
 First there was "Angels and Demons" (yes it came first in 2000), a novel by Dan Brown about Robert Langdon who is a professor of religious iconology and symbology at Harvard University. Langdon is called upon to stop a plot set in motion by the Illuminati to blow up the Vatican with something called antimatter that had been stolen from a high security research facility.<br/><br/>  Starting in 2003, the world was bombarded with "The Da Vinci Code." This time, Robert Langdon went in search of The Holy Grail and along the way managed to upset The Knights Templar, The Priory of Sion and the Opus Dei. Somehow this book went on to sell over 80 million copies and contrary to popular belief it is NOT the #1 selling book of all time. In fact, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" outsold the "The Di Vinci Code" that year and Agatha Christie's "And Then There Were None" outsold it by at least 20 million copies. Websites and info pages have been updated to correct the statements that it was the #1 bestselling work of fiction of all time and is now being called "One of the most popular books of all time."<br/><br/>  Next came two weak movies based on the books and made out of order. They got mixed reviews from fans and critics alike and both were denounced by The Vatican. Yet the movies still managed to rake in huge chunks of change. While the books and movies are entertaining, even "Angels and Demons" costar Stellan Skarsgard had an issue with the writing stating, "I think Dan Brown is a terribly bad writer, but he has cliffhangers at the end of every chapter which makes you want to continue reading," and stated that the script was significantly different from the book. "Angels and Demons", the better of Brown's work still underwent minor changes before future printings due to inaccuracies.<br/><br/> Now we have "The Lost Symbol." Langdon is once again called upon to find something that is hidden in codes and buildings. Set in Washington D.C. and taking place over the course of 12 hours, Langdon is trying to save his friend Peter Solomon because...are you ready?...Peter is a 33rd degree Freemason who has been kidnapped by a man covered in tattoos named Mal'akh. Mal'akh tells Robert that Peter knows the secret that would unlock the "word" that is an ancient source of power. Knowing that Peter gave part of the secret to Robert, Mal'akh tells Robert to unlock the Ancient Mysteries in exchange for Peter's life. In the meantime, Peter's sister Katherine is working on a top secret project in a pod (yes a pod) deep in a government building but Mal'akh is hell bent on destroying her too.<br/><br/> In the end, all is revealed; kind of. There are chases and explosions. There are symbols and monuments. There are hidden rooms, secret passageways, dead bodies, giant squids (I'm not kidding) and more importantly, there is $29.95 plus tax wasted unless you are a fan of predictable and poorly written fiction. Brown can weave an interesting story but fails in the actual execution of his ideas. I have yet to talk to a person who has read the book who didn't figure out Brown's "plot twist" before they were even half way finished with the book. There was no surprise, no real suspense and not much gusto to the story. It's starting to look like Brown may be better suited writing children's books rather than adult novels. Maybe his 1993 self titled pop music album makes up for these books, but I doubt it.<br/><br/> Brown's promotional website states that puzzles are present on the book jacket and you must decipher it in order to reveal the hidden message. Maybe the hidden message in "The Lost Symbol" will tell us why Brown is planning 12 more novels featuring Robert Langdon? If so, I'll figure it out so I can be ready to be disappointed again.
 I made a reservation for this book with the expectation indeed that I wont get Literature with a capital L. Im counting not on good writing and fantastic insight but more on the extra mileage--yes it can prompt me to Google and research more on some of the purported "Facts" used in the fiction<br/><br/>In the end this really is something you finish very fast, more of a junk-food of a book. You won't expect going back to any sentence to savor any well-turned phrase. Instead one should expect the clichés, and overused adjectives.<br/><br/>Dan Brown repeated so many times "staring right in the face," "so obvious," "it was so simple" too much in each revelation, it's a bit annoying. There's also "starled," "stared in horror," "held his breath," peppered in generously. To any reader, as an appeasement, I recommend you just credit everything to writing style. Just plow long. Dan Brown anyway is now a confirmed master as of now of cliffhanger chapters. He makes it a point that you keep on reading--this is a credit.<br/><br/>My primary problem in the book is in its building up to a very shallow prize (relative to the Da Vinci Code). The last pages are almost a disappointment because of this. The ending made me ask... "that's it?" To my mind, it's unbelievable for an organization to go to great lengths to hide in symbol something so not worth it.  This makes the book weaker than the Da Vinci Code. I wonder whether the author tried to avoid too much controversy in writing this one or this is really the conspiracy thing lined up for discussion. I think even the first National Treasure movie (also regarding masons) one-upped the book in this regard.<br/><br/>Also as mentioned elsewhere, it's almost the same package, half of the book: the single assassin who had to be naked again, an intelligent lady partner with a personal stake, running from authorities, the running, and escaping so close, etcetera. Im sure Ron Howard is now scratching his head, thinking about putting into film another book of the same exact flow.<br/><br/>Finally, was it worth my money and time nonetheless. I believe, yes. Still good entertainment. And Circumpunct is a funny word, I don't know why it sounds funny to me. Circumpunct! Say it out loud! Makes me smile everytime.
 I am not a fan of Brown and find the basic premise of the writing absurd.  With a plot that appeals to the adventuring adolescent, perhaps the greatest mystery is how human beings can keep all these juicy tidbits a secret.  With enough repetition so that even the dullest reader cannot fail to understand how extraordinary are the secrets unfolding in the text, the book takes place in one roller coaster of a night.  While I am not a fan of the mysterious, I still gave the book a high mark for sub-themes.  The issue of family relationships keeps the book human and the theological threads give the reader something serious to think about.  The author certainly seems to do his homework and the reader is introduced to a great deal of material that holds the attention
 Like many people, I found this book to be pretty entertaining most of the way through but was disappointed by the lame ending.  Of the five Dan Brown novels, this is the forth best (better than Digital Fortress but weaker than the others).<br/><br/>Brown is not a great writer (even his most ardent fans will acknowledge this I think).  The plot is formulaic, the characters are flat, &amp; the dialogue ranges from clunky to laughable.  But, despite his shortcomings, few people can write a page-turner like Dan Brown.  Despite myself, I enjoyed The Lost Symbol (until the previously mentioned - lame ending). It is worth noting though, that even if the ending hadn't been as lame as it was, The Lost Symbol still would have fallen short of the other Langdon novels because:<br/><br/>1. The lone bad guy isn't nearly as compelling a villain as the multi-pronged reach of the Catholic Church from earlier novels.<br/>2. Brown seems to be trying too hard not to offend anyone this time out and it results in some awkward dialogue to ensure conventional religion, new age philosophies, and the Masons get presented in a fair and balanced manner.  He seems to be desperately trying to avoid controversy.<br/>3. The science (using the term loosely) of noetics isn't really integrated effectively into the plot.  Its inclusion into the story is to provide a spring-board for characters to discuss new age philosophies, particularly during the unnecessary final 40 or so pages of the novel (aka - the lame ending) Science and religion are combined much more effectively in A&amp;D.<br/>4. It might only be me but... the European locations, art and history, and the Christianity based story-lines of Da Vinci and A&amp;D were so much more fascinating than Washington DC and the Masons.<br/>5. The big twist near the end (re the identity of the tattooed man) is so obvious it's ridiculous.  There are very few genuine surprises in this novel.<br/><br/>The real let-down though is the massive disappointment of the ending.  The secrets, when revealed in the other books, paid off.  This is not the case in the Lost Symbol and this is an important factor because the previous 500 or so pages lead up to finding out what that secret is.  If it falls short, even if you found yourself enjoying the novel to that point, it leaves a bad taste in your mouth.  I won't divulge anything, but trust me - it's lame.<br/><br/>The bottom line:  Brown may be a formulaic writer but he's good at what he does and he weaves some interesting historical trivia into a thriller that moves along at a relentless pace.  If you liked the previous Brown novels you'll probably find this one to be a little weaker than the others, but overall pretty entertaining - that is until you get to the end.  You will then groan in frustration and wonder whether you should have bothered reading it at all.
 I loved the other two Robert Langdon books and so I had high hopes for this one. Unfortunately, this book just could not live up to expectations.<br/><br/>First of all I had a hard time getting into the story line. I grew up in a family full of Masons, Shriners, and I was even in Rainbow and Jobies two Masonic youth groups. So the plot line about ancient mysteries and a secret degree within the Masons was just too much of a stretch for me. I mean really? My Grandpa was Potentate of Washington State and my Dad is a Past Worshipful Master, and I'm a Past Honored Queen and Worthy Advisor. While these are all cool titles that sound mystical they are anything but. I just could not believe any of what was going on. And if you're wondering, yes it was hard for me to get through the book!<br/><br/>I loved the other two books with all their religious undertones and wonderful art references but I felt like this one just did not try as hard. There were a few mentions of architecture but nothing that made me get online and look up a pictures like The Da Vinci Code had. It felt like I had seen all the places and references before and there was nothing to spark my interest. Maybe if it had been set in Europe I would have enjoyed the book more.<br/><br/>Anyway, if you liked the other two books then you may like this one. It was not all horrible, there was a ton of action and really never a dull moment. It was just not my kind of book.<br/><br/>SPOILER:<br/><br/>I just need to get this out. The ending was total crap! Really, the lost symbol was the word/bible and it all connected to Katherine's research, I did not see that coming a mile away. Dan Brown, next time give me a storyline that makes me think and a ending that is not a total joke.
 I found this book enjoyable, interesting, and somehow not boring. So why the 2 stars? When I think about it, I realize that this book does not have very much plot. It can be summarized very easily, and not much is really going on. Most of the novel is explaining history, science, symbols, etc or getting backstory on characters. I am also not a fan of inserting the villan's point of view when it serves no purpose. Nothing is gained from having the bad guy chime in about how he ties his loincloth. We also have to read the same event different times from different viewpoints. The review on the front page is absolutely correct. Something is explained, Robert opposes it saying it is only a myth, something is shown to Robert, and there is shock. Then, which really irritates me, the book cuts to a small paragraph where a CIA agent is looking at a phone or some other unimportant nonsense. I get that this is supposed to make is suspenseful, but it really just feels like a cut to commercial. Another big no-no for me was the obvious twist towards the end. Authors add these twists to shock us, make us go "wow", or shake our heads. Unfortunately, I saw this one coming the entire time, and I think I'm not alone in that sentiment.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol could have been a 3 star with a little editing and a little less from the villan. If we didn't get to read about the villan so much, maybe the twist would have been more of a surprise. I also think that Robert was a bit unlikable in this installment. He is supposed to be open minded, yet he completely shuts down any line of thinking that is contrary to what he was taught. Not only is it out of character, but it is irritating. Every time a new idea is presented he says "no, that's only a myth." Give it a chance Langdon, people are in danger!
 I've been waiting years for this book to come out. It was an entertaining read, but it was not worth the wait.<br/><br/>Enough reviewers have summarized the plot, so I won't do that here. Suffice it to say, if you like Dan Brown and have enjoyed all of his novels - you will probably enjoy this one too. But if you're stuck on The Da Vinci Code and consider it his best work to be surpassed, you will be sorely disappointed. To give you an idea of where I stand on the issue, Deception Point is my favorite novel by Brown.<br/><br/>The introduction of noetic science in this novel is very interesting, but the subject is treated very superficially and you get the sense that either the hard science wasn't there for him to elaborate on, or that he just got bored with it. He could have done so much more with it - I read hundreds of pages with bated breath to find out the exciting conclusions of these "universe-altering" experiments, only to be met with (*****spoiler alert****) the measured weight of the human soul.<br/><br/>This novel does not contain the level of controversy to be had in DVC and Angels &amp; Demons. It does not make you think the same way those novels do. I found this to be disappointing, and I think the gap of the noetic science was the reason I was left wanting in this aspect.<br/><br/>If you like the temptation of looking up pieces of art and architecture mentioned in his novels, you will enjoy his references. Personally, I enjoy Brown as an author because of the amount of research he puts into each book. I am giving him the benefit of the doubt in assuming the research was the reason why it took to long to come with this book.<br/><br/>All in all, I would say this book was entertaining but lacking "meat." Langdon has also become an annoying character with his condescending, know-it-all "thoughts" written on every page. I agree with another reviewer that stated "the ending sucked." But I was sucked into the journey the entire time, unable to put the book down for extended periods of time. Take it lightly for what it is, don't get caught up in comparisons, and just allow yourself to be entertained.
 Good writing, but not as good a story as The DaVinci Code. Once again, Robert Langdon is summoned to solve a mystery filled with ancient symbolism. This time, we don't start with a dead body, rather with a body part, and Robert is again assisted by a female related to the victim - not his granddaughter or daughter, but this time, his sister. Set in Washington DC, combining once again symbolism from the Bible along with that of other ancient cultures and in this story, focusing on that of the Freemasons, we again have an insane antagonist and only Robert Langdon, assisted by his female accomplice, can unravel the symbolic mystery.<br/>Like Angels and Demons, this story includes some science and some pseudo-science, blending fact and fiction, new-ageism, Christianity, Freemasonry and a large dose of the author's immagination.<br/><br/>The fact that Peter Solomon, a symbolic name in and of itself, really did know what the mysterious pyramid lead to, however, kind of nullified the whole hiding and searching for meaning since it was apparantly already known to him. Why all the life-risking drama if the answer was so simple? Perhaps the author was trying to make some sort of theological/metaphysical statement, but in doing so, I think he lost the excitement and intrigue that is present in his more imaginative book, The DaVinci Code.
 If there was a long lost formula for writing a formulaic work of fiction, then Robert Langdon would be the man to track it down and decipher its many interpretations to the point of exhaustion, all while being chased through corridors, caverns and cathedrals. Dan Brown is definitely using this formula in The Lost Symbol, his remarkably similar follow-up to The Da Vinci Code. In this go round, the Masonic Order and Washington DC are his subject and setting, as a mysterious tattooed man threatens to bring the secret society to its knees. After having gained surreptitious initiation into The Order's 33rd degree, our villain kidnaps a close Masonic friend of Langdon's in his quest to learn the most hidden and revered secrets of the society. The book derails about a quarter the way through, round about the time that Langdon starts "remembering" the most inconceivably remote coincidences of Masonic symbology. A reader can only suspend their disbelief for so long, and Langdon's photographic memory does a bit too much heavy lifting here for such a slight frame. Full credit must be given to Brown for his thorough research, and for the inclusion of some interesting code breaking puzzelry and a plethora of military and CIA minutia. He even opens the door to the unique world of noetic science, which no doubt will serve to enlighten a few readers with its bizarre claims and pursuits. But the sum of many interesting parts does not make for a very engaging read. At the end we are left with a plot twist that was a dead give away in the first few chapters, and a long drawn out conclusion that fizzles and pops with very little resolve. Dan Brown had a tough hill to climb after having reached such a pinnacle with his previous work; the subject of The Lost Symbol worked, he just could have told a much better story with the formula he seems so comfortable using on each expedition.
 Much of the book dwells on a very long sequence of grotesquely violent and bizarre attacks---violent crimes.  These appear to have no inherent value in themselves.  It is not obvious that they teach a lesson or give some insight into the darker side of human nature.  They appear, in this context, merely as gratuitous and mindlessly ugly violence.<br/><br/>Many great works of art have unattractive elements.  Even Beethoven's great Ninth Symphony has excursions into the minor key and passages that are troubling, at best.  However, great art more than offsets these excursions to the dark side.  The Ninth gives us the Ode to Joy that can hardly fail to awaken the greatest pleasure and optimism in anyone.  Because Brown has a long and profound excursion into ugliness, he "runs up a big tab," and he can be expected to pay back for this with interest.<br/><br/>The coinage that he has available to pay us back, as readers, is the "Ancient Mystery" or "Western Mystery" tradition.  This is not simply verbiage to mislead children or gullible adults.  Something of great worth and importance---something real and valuable---is signified by the "Western Mystery" verbiage.  If Mr. Brown made that more real or more credible or more accessible to his readers, then he would have a great chance of paying back the bill he ran up with many early chapters of unrepentant violence.  In my mind, he fails entirely to give any substantial notion, and leaves the reader with the idea that this may all be smoke and mirrors, something designed in a cynical way, to sell books.  So, it could have worked---but it doesn't work at all.  It certainly would work for a reader who finds palpable significance in the "Ancient Mystery" area, as presented here.<br/><br/>I had the chance, months ago, to interview a very accomplished and thoughtful author, Dierdre McNamer.  I tried to play the villain with her, saying that fiction was itself useless, and so, unworthy of attention.  She was too kind of jar me out of my silly game.  The truth is that fiction need not be garbage that is simply "all made up."  Carefully constructed, it is the opportunity to hold up to mankind a mirror that shows a clearer vision of where we are, who we are, and where we're going.  A photographer can only photograph what is---not what is to be or what ought to be.  That's why we need art.  That's why we need real literature and meaningful fiction.<br/><br/>This book is not art, but it is extremely good business.  With Mr. Brown's previous track record and his publisher's business model, this book will be a superbly successful business venture.  That's what it is---a business venture.  It is not art.  It is not literature.  It's rubbish, and that's the kind phrasing.  It was wholly unworthy of the precious time I devoted to reading it.
 I remember loving The Da Vinci Code and even more Angels and Demons. But now I think I might need to revisit them to determine if I really liked them or not. The first thirty chapters of The Lost Symbol had me cringing and whining. It felt like one big lecture on symbolism. Like I hadn't jumped into an adventure with Robert Langdon I had just jumped into his classroom. Then, as they went through the mystery, it felt like when I was a child and played make-believe. You know when you play that there's a mystery and you just found the biggest clue of all, it's a dust bunny under the couch, and it has so much meaning and is the answer to the puzzle. It just felt too coincidental that these things kept happening. (Which is why I want to revisit the other two books.) Every novel is its own planet and has its own rules. Even if it is set in our normal world, there are differences. This book fell outside its own rules a few times and that irks me because it tosses me right out of the story.<br/><br/>On the positive side, the villain is amazing. His final act of 'telling the world' is a very convincing threat. But did I have to go through so much muck to get to that great ending? There is a multitude of crazy but logical revelations at the end that make it all come together. I mean, he is a thriller writer after all and they have to explain the insane story at some point.<br/><br/>This novel seems to be a classic case of tell versus show for me. Robert Langdon spends way too much time explaining the symbols and not enough time being chased. I didn't like it. The end was not worth the beginning.
 I wanted The Lost Symbol to have the same 'couldn't put it down, stayed up till 4 am to finish' quality Angels and Demons, Da Vinci Code and Deception Point had.  Alas, it took way too long to get into the story and it went on well past the point it should have ended. It was easy to figure out the real identity of the villain and having done so, his motive and actions just weren't credible.<br/>The Lost Symbol would have benefited from a good edit.  I think it would have been a much better read at 350 pages.  At 500+, the suspense was diffused, and it was easy to find flaws.  It seemed to me that the characters were flat and the action scenes padded to draw them out.<br/><br/>My major complaint was the lack of character development.  Perhaps if we knew what events had shaped Sato, Katherine and Katherine, or if we knew exactly why Mal'khi turned out the way he did (the reason given wasn't enough), it would have been more convincing.  As it was, the reader wasn't invested enough in the characters to make for compelling page turning. The bad guys who turn out to be good guys or is it the other way around? who are Mr. Brown's specialty weren't very interesting.  Other flaws include a tattooed villain weirdly reminiscent of a Thomas Harris character without enough at stake to justify the story, some not very interesting tangential story lines and the earthshaking threat was 'meh, so what?' and what could have been a riveting late night chase through DC was sidetracked too many times and in too many ways by too many bumblers.<br/><br/>There were some good elements.  The research into Noetics was interesting, if tangential (I kept hoping Katherine would save everybody with a little practical Noetics), there were some nice scenes inside national landmarks (though how weird is it that Robert Langdon would fall asleep on the catwalk under the Capitol Dome), and Mr. Brown's trademark gimmick of turning the familiar on its ear was there, if dimmer than hoped for.  The nice elements seemed to be buried in filler, though.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol will be interesting for Freemasons, if only to check Mr. Brown's facts and I don't doubt it will make a great movie.  The right script will tighten up the story, and good actors will create convincing characters.  It just didn't make a very good novel.  I apologize.
 See Jason Lee's review. It was spot on, especially where he details the charactor exchanges. This book was 500 pages of Langdon the skeptic and claustrophobic, being told/shown "truths" by a handful on uninteresting charactors. I appreciated the science element in Angels &amp; Demons, and the historical element to Da Vinci Code, but this merger of the two just seemed a like an unneccesary and poorly told revisit to old themes. Dan Brown even throws in a few "memories" of past novels' exploits. There were so many times I wanted to put down the book for good and just it give up, but since I really liked Dan Brown's other novels I felt like I should at least see it through--what if it really all came together in the end?? For me, it did not. Yes, he tied up all of his plot but not enough to save this mess of Christian/Masonic/Historical fiction. Maybe this genre is just overdone at this point? When it comes to Dan Brown I'm not looking for a great literary masterpiece, but this seemed more like an English Comp 101 student's attempt to break into the bestseller market. "And then we went here. And then we went there. And then there was a twist!! And a new charactor! And a breakthrough! And then we ran here! Which led us to there!" Five. Hundred. Pages. One Hundred and Thirty-three Chapters. Of THAT. And honestly, most of it could easily have been deleted.<br/><br/>About halfway through I had the following thoughts:<br/><br/>1) In this economy, they inflated the text so that people would feel more comfortable dropping $20-$30 on the hardcover. After all, spending that much on a 200-pg piece of fiction that lasts two days doesn't add up quite like dropping the same amount on a 500 pg book that should take up a week. Unfortunately, most of the chapters are only 2-5 pages, sometimes with the last page being almost entirely blank. As a graphic designer I appreciate white space, but I literally couldn't get past the thought that half the content was superfluous and could have been removed without any harm to the story.<br/><br/>2) This seemed like some of his research from Angels &amp; Demons and some of his research from Da Vinci Code merged together to make a "new" story. Unfortunately, he took some of the things I hated from each and really ran with them (Crazed albino monk? Meet Mal'akh. Pseudoscience meets historical fiction? Atomic research, meet Noetic science. And then there are the charactors who aren't what they seem...) Same story, different time/place/charactors.<br/><br/>3) Did any one else notice that the love interests in the previous books disappear with no note of where they went? Apparently an award-winning and adventurous scientist wasn't good enough for Langdon, nor was a beautiful and direct descendant of Jesus Christ??<br/><br/>4) Seems like Brown was trying to "humanize" Langdon by introducing his weaknesses and faults. However, I found him a little trying in this one.  Don't even get me started on some of the other charactors. There were a few I thought were downright crazed. And I'm not just talking about the villain.<br/><br/>5) If you're reading this on the train, or metro, and you can only do a little bit at a time, you're in luck. The story jumps around every 2 pages or so to a different place/charactor. But not to worry, because when you encounter that charactor again in 5 pages, Brown will restate where you left off. If you are reading straight through during a long stretch, it's repetitive.<br/><br/>If you're using this as an airport-read/commute-read to toss in your briefcase, or as a beach-read when out with friends, or as a few pages a frantic mom manages to get to herself sporadically, then this could be great. That's why I'm giving it two stars, because it serves it's purpose as a time passer and stress releaser. Just make sure you check it out from the library or pick it up used for $4. It's not worth more than that.
 I'll admit it - I enjoyed The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons very much.<br/><br/>I knew going into The Lost Symbol that there was going to be some farfetchedness going on about a secret society and somehow our Founding Fathers will be involved.<br/><br/>Aside from the entertainment I derived from laughing at some of Dan Brown's unintentionally hilarious storytelling trademarks. I was mostly left scratching my head wondering about the esoteric WTF-ery pervading this book.<br/><br/>***SPOILERS***<br/><br/>First of all, who did not guess that Ma'lakh was really Zachary Solomon pumped up and tattooed until unrecognizable?  Supposedly anyway.  I just don't understand how he could have a "massive" member when he was abusing steroids... but that's just one of the many, many, many inconsistencies I found.<br/><br/>Secondly, the lost Symbol is actually the Word is actually the Bible?????  Again, it's the most widely reproduced book in the history of the world.  Why would Masons go to such great lengths to hide this fact?<br/><br/>***END OF SPOILERS***<br/><br/>There's more, but let's just set aside the logicbending "twists" and focus on the convoluted plot.  Actually, let's not.  It's giving me a headache just trying to follow the labyrinthine storytelling.<br/><br/>I still don't get how the Lost Symbol has to do with noetic science but I would rather bang my head against the wall than re-read this book to piece it together.
 I've been busy reading about the Ancient Mysteries, the Lost Word &amp; Robert Langdon. Yeah, it's been interesting around here. Not Rome or Paris interesting. This a whole new level of interesting and it's called Washington D.C. (leave it to Dan Brown to find a perfect setting). Langdon's journey on the Old Continent was 2 books long so the timing for some good action on American soil was perfect.<br/><br/>Dan gets a big big like for this one (also every other one of his books for that matter). Again we encounter mysterious symbols, the Masons and Robert being called to decipher a very old symbol. What great mystery will he help unveil this time? You know I won't tell you. Read it and find out. Once you start turning the pages...you won't be able to stop until the very end when the "secret" is revealed. I'm looking forward to hear what you think.<br/><br/>Rating - I'd give it 10 stars, but the Goodreads maximum is 5 :)<br/><br/>Who would I recommend it to - Dan Brown, Robert Langdon &amp; thriller fans, everyone who has already read Angels &amp; Demons, The Da Vinci Code.
 Much of this book is about the Freemasons and how our country was planned and built by our founding fathers who were mostly Freemasons. A secret order with secret meetings held behind closed doors. The entire book takes place within a twelve hour time period in Washington D.C.<br/>In this book Robert Langdon was again helped by a woman, a scientist, this time named Katherine. He is not an expert in everything and Katherine is allowed to bring her expertise into the relationship. They do become close as they respect each others' fields. Robert is at times a bumbling human like the rest of us. He has claustrophobia after falling down a well as a child. He isn't a super hero as betrayed in the movies made of Dan Brown's other books.<br/>Yes, there are several chases and many long explanations of symbols, ancient history and rituals. That's what makes this story. It is the search for 'the hidden word'.<br/>As Robert and Katherine try desperately to save her brother's life by solving mysterious, puzzle clues they are watched closely by the CIA. Their journey takes them through Washington's streets and into the bowels and heights of her most famous buildings and monuments. These insights in to places, we the public, will never see nor have probably  heard of, is exciting and mind-blowing to say the least.<br/>The  Church is again involved along with a blind reverend. The many dimensions of the church are explored once more. Many books of the Bible, by chapter and verse, are spoken about and mulled over as they look for hidden meanings.<br/>There are many reviews and opinions about this book.  I personally like the way Dan Brown writes. The twists and turns in this book kept me guessing and off balance, eager to turn to the next page.<br/>I bought the large  print copy because I plan to re-read this book many times as my eyes age along with the rest of me. I can't imagine the amount of research that went into this book. As a writer myself, I would love the chance to sit down and pick the brain of Dan Brown.<br/>This book is definitely a keeper!
 The motion picture industry got the order all wrong.  The first book of what has become (so far) the Robert Langdon Trilogy was Angels and Demons.  That was followed by The DaVinci Code.  The third book of the trilogy is The Lost Symbol.  Tom Hanks as Bob Langdon?  Spot on!  Author Dan Brown, the imaginative mind behind these three sometimes controversial books, has written other novels (Deception Point and Digital Fortress), but neither of these garnered the attention nor raised quite so many eyebrows as the Robert Langdon Symbologist books.<br/><br/>Never mind that they all give the same disclaimer, "This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination, or used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is entirely coincidental."<br/><br/>If you struggle with this disclaimer as have so many who have read Mr. Brown's books, let me spell it out for you.  Here's what it means; here's what he's saying: "NONE OF THIS IS REAL.  I MADE IT UP!"  If you're still struggling with this, or you still find the meaning unclear, perhaps it's time for you to go back to those Golden Books.  Like Angels and Demons, and The DaVinci Code, Mr. Brown has once again told a rousing good tale.  It is a page turner of the highest order and will keep any reader glued to their chair for a good night's reading, or longer, depending on how fast a reader you are.  But it IS fiction.  Not a word of it is true.<br/><br/>Which is a good thing, because Mr. Brown proceeds from two faulty premises throughout all three of the manuscripts.  First, the writer assumes that the Holy Roman Church (the word `catholic': L. catholicus literally means `universal') is representative of the universal worldwide Christian church.  It is not.  Second, writing from the apparent position of an agnostic or perhaps atheistic point of view, the writer first prefers, and then dismisses the spiritual understanding of the very faith and supportive writings (i.e., the Bible), believing that a humanistic intellectual theoretical understanding is preferable.<br/><br/>But then, I must remind myself that "this book is a work of fiction" and nowhere claims to be a theological treatise, nor the writer anything but a clever story teller.<br/><br/>In The Lost Symbol, we are reintroduced to Harvard Symbology Professor, Author, Public Speaker, Folk Hero and all around Good Guy, Robert Langdon, whose specialized field of obscure knowledge once again comes to the rescue and saves the world, putting him on the fast track to catch up with another fictional universe savior, James Tiberius Kirk.  This time, Langdon's quest is to decipher the mysterious Freemason's Pyramid, in time to save the girl, rescue his friend, and secure national security.<br/><br/>Even though Langdon is an old hand at this, and we know that somehow he'll pull it off without being converted, Brown tosses in a few monkey wrenches that caught this reviewer completely by surprise.  One such wrench so blindsided me that I almost just set the book aside out of displeasure for this `novel' twist.  Instead, more out of stubbornness than anything else, I persevered to the end only to find the clever plot twist un-twisted by an even more clever story device.  Telling you even that much walks the thin line of almost giving you too much information and transforming (key plot related word) this review into a spoiler.<br/><br/>If only because Dan Brown needs to move on from the Catholic Church and find someone else to turn into a `work of fiction,' The Lost Symbol gets 3 ½ stars out of 5.
 I'm a big Brown fan. I can't put his books down until I've devoured<br/>them...until this one. It was a bad sign when I couldn't read more than 10<br/>chapters in one sitting w/o getting disgruntled, disturbed or plain bored. The<br/>premise is the Freemasonry history and its connection to DC which should've<br/>hooked me in. And although I learned a lot, it seemed like I had a long way to<br/>go to learn what I did. The last 3 chapters, after the BIG REVEAL, was nothing<br/>but Dan Brown realizing he still had research material that he hadn't used so he<br/>had his characters just spouting of exposition after exposition. Painful.<br/><br/>As for the mystery. We learn that the Mason's have been protecting the Ancient<br/>Mysteries which have been handed down from Ancient Egypt. All religions have<br/>guarded the Ancient Mysteries. The Masons don't have a faith and they have<br/>members from all religions. So it is made clear repeatedly that the Masons are<br/>not a Christian Order. But they've constructed this pyramid that has the key to<br/>finding the Ancient Mysteries to a great power source. The worthy who can<br/>unlock the code of the pyramid and its capstone will have the power of a god.<br/><br/>Enter the most "awesome" of all Brown villains. He's bald and secretly tattooed<br/>and has joined the Masons to get access to the highest branches to find the<br/>secret. He doesn't get it so he kidnaps the High Master and throws Langdon into<br/>the fray to help solve the mystery or else his friend dies. So there are codes<br/>within codes, symbols within symbols, and at the end<br/><br/>S<br/><br/>P<br/><br/>O<br/><br/>I<br/><br/>L<br/><br/>E<br/><br/>R<br/><br/>S<br/><br/>you realize the villain is the High Master's long-dead son who was offered the<br/>answer to the Ancient Mysteries and turned it down. He's so altered now by<br/>steroids, drugs, tattoos and dark Arts that even his father and aunt never<br/>recognize him. Okay...so a great deal of irony there. And I guessed his identity the minute he refused to give his name.  Now for the Ancient<br/>Mysteries. What were the Mason's hiding in D.C.? What is the power source?  What will make the worthy have the power of a god?  Wait for it....it's the Bible. Yup, the Freemasons apparently have been guarding this pyramid since the age of Ra to protect what is buried in a land that had yet to be discovered, in a city that had yet to be planned, at the base of building that had yet to be built, hiding a book that had yet to be drafted while all the while proclaiming that Freemasonry is not a Christian Order. It.Made.No.Sense. The Lost Symbol should be re-titled as The Lost Reader.
 Ok, it would have been hard to just flat-out ignore Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol after The Da Vinci Code was so popular.  I wasn't one of the ones who had to read it immediately, so I put myself on the hold list at the library to get it whenever I got to the top.  After finishing the book, my overall reaction is... meh.  It's mildly entertaining, and I was interested to see how it would end.  But it seemed to repeat the same scene formula over and over.  In addition, it could have been at least a third shorter without losing any impact.  The best thing I can I say is that I won't have to see the movie the first weekend it opens... :)<br/><br/>Brown has another novel here that's similar to Da Vinci Code, only using the Masonic legends as the secret sauce.  Robert Langdon is called by his friend Peter Solomon to deliver a speech to a group in Washington DC.  But when he gets there, he finds the meeting room empty.  A phone call sheds light on the situation... he's been tricked into coming to DC in order to help solve a mystery involving hidden clues in Washington that will reveal the ultimate "Hidden Word" in Masonic lore that will open up the Ancient Mysteries.  The mystery caller has Solomon held hostage so that Langdon will deliver.  As clues are uncovered, more and more people get pulled into the action, with the possibility that certain secrets could be revealed that would constitute a national crisis.<br/><br/>So why isn't this a "must-read"?  Obviously with an author of Dan Brown's stature, you have high expectations.  After Da Vinci Code, he had a high standard to meet.  But it seems as if the hidden secret society genre has been played to extremes lately, and another novel along the same lines doesn't leave much room for new directions.  Brown has Langdon in a predictable pattern throughout Lost Symbol.  He's presented with a puzzle, he doesn't know the answer, pressure mounts, and then a revelation occurs.  Have something bad happen, and then repeat the series of actions... over and over.  Furthermore, it seems like about a third of the book in the middle covers the same ground repeatedly without advancing the story or the revelations much.  As such, the 510 pages could have been done in about 300 with much better results.  It also doesn't help that you're never quite sure where the line between truth and fiction lies in his interpretation and recitation of facts and figures.  Are there mystery basements and subbasements under the Capitol?  Did a number of major historical figures belong to Masonic societies?  Were structures like the Washington monument built with Masonic symbols in the design, or is it all just numeric manipulation after the fact?<br/><br/>I don't regret the time spent reading The Lost Symbol.  I expected mind candy and entertainment, and that's what I got.  I simply think it could have been much better than it actually was.<br/><br/>Disclosure:<br/>Obtained From: Library<br/>Payment: Borrowed
 Book Review of "The Lost Symbol" by Dan Brown<br/><br/>My brother really enjoys the Die Hard movies. I don't bring this up because I think it's his greatest quality. Quite to the contrary, I think it calls into question a lot about his taste. But it's hard to blame the guy for falling prey to action-packed movies with lots of thing blowing up and a plot that keeps you on the edge of your seat. He's not watching the films for something to ponder later. he's watching them for the immediate gratification of watching Bruce Willis save the world. It's the same reason I reach for a Dan Brown book.<br/><br/>As with his past novels, in "The Lost Symbol" places Robert Langdon in a matter of national, even international, importance. At the risk of his own life and those of many around him, he must rely on his knowledge of symbology to save the day. And spoiler alert: he does. And it's great. (It's even better if you are home hungover and have time to read about 400 pages in one day.)<br/><br/>I think Brown books are like doughnuts for me. At the mere sight of them I start to salivate and it takes all of my willpower not to just shove one in my mouth. And when I cave and scarf it down, I love the taste but 30 second later I am unsatisfied and guilty. Brown is consistently writing books that entertain me. I cannot put the books down and end up leaving dents in whatever chair / couch / bed I park myself on for hours on end. And almost always he has me until there very end when I close the book and wonder where my time went and acknowledge that the time spent was not worth it.<br/><br/>"The Lost Symbol" is particularly interesting to me. It focuses on Freemasons and all of the lore surrounding them. I am used to hearing conspiracies that make the group in question something to be suspicious of. Brown treats the Masons with nothing but respect and in his words, they became intriguing and admirable. I loved the inclusive nature of their organization as it pertained to religion and was impressed that, to the extent that Brown's details are accurate, they can reach such a fine balance between religious and social.<br/><br/>And then the end. I won't include a spoiler alert, but will say that everything I had been working up to and the impression I had of the Masons was for not. And I, the reader, was left unsatisfied and wondering where so many hours had gone.
 I can't add much to the literary critique, especially Justin Lee's very nice review that kicks off all of the reviews for this book.<br/><br/>All I can say is this: I bought the book a few days after it was released. I read, maybe, the first three chapters. I couldn't read any more and I traded it in to a local book store that buys used books.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's writing style grates on me. His italicized sentences indicating what characters are thinking and feeling get in the way. Plus, the writing is just so bland. His descriptions of people and places lack precision and vividness. Here's an example: "Langdon turned the corner and spotted a tall man wearing an over-sized black hat." That line doesn't appear in the book, as far as I know. But it's indicative of the kind of vague description I slogged through. How tall? What kind of man? What kind of hat? What do you mean over-sized?<br/><br/>Many of my favorite writers (John D. MacDonald, Lawrence Block, Ray Bradbury) would have described that man down to the number of hairs in each nostril - but do so in an entertaining, engaging way.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is very good at weaving technology -- and pseudo-histories -- throughout his books. At that, he is one of the best. But he lacks the literary talent to write vividly and compellingly. True, I turn pages when I read his books. But often just to get to the point, usually an inevitable point I know is coming anyway. So get to it, already!<br/><br/>Life is too short, and there are way too many brilliant books in the world, to read a Dan Brown novel. I thought The Da Vinci Code was great. Not because of its literary style but because it was a gripping story. With the Lost Symbol, I just didn't care -- not about Langdon, not about the codes and labyrinthine mysteries and secret societies, not about the resolution to the whole mess. I just couldn't get into it.<br/><br/>Speaking of the secret societies, the opening chapter of The Lost Symbol made me laugh. The heavy-handed inner dialogue was akin to mustache-twisting in villains in the era of Silent Movies. Something like this (in italics): "Little do they know I mean to do them harm. The fools! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!"<br/><br/>I'm sure The Lost Code will become another movie (hopefully better than the last one, which was dreadful!) quicker than you can say back-a-dump-truck-full-of-money-up-to-my-house. But it's not likely to be a movie I'll ever see, just as this won't be a book I ever pick up again.<br/><br/>Forget lost symbols. I wish Dan Brown had lost the manuscript to this book before it reached the publisher!
 Normally I read a Dan Brown book in a 1 ½ days, 2 days tops.  They grab you from the first page and it is a rollercoaster ride to the end.  I love the short chapters and while I can get annoyed with the jumping back and forth between characters and plot lines between chapters, it is only because I am so anxious to find out what will happen next.  I have missed cooking meals for my family and going to bed at a decent hour.  However that said it was not the case with this book.  While the book started off in the usual exciting Dan Brown fashion, it quickly declined into a mishmash of a plot that was wholly disinteresting.  Not only was I able to go on with my life, I was totally disinterested in the lives of the characters, not to mention to took several days to read the book.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, the every irrespirable, always entertaining professor from Harvard was a mess throughout this book.  He was totally off his game; stumbling from one landmark to the next.  It was sad and pathetic.  The plot was interesting but the connection to the Mason was forced at best.  The entire story could have been done without the Mason connection and the Noetic science portion.  Worst of all was the ending.  The last few chapters after Dan Brown dispensed with the "bad guy" was beyond pointless.  I know he was attempting to wrap everything up in a neat little bow, but this package arrived DOA.<br/><br/>While Dan Brown is not the greatest author in the world, he has written far superior novels than this; in particular, "The Da Vinci Code," "Angels and Demons" and "Digital Fortress" to name a few.  I hope he goes back to the technical or religious topics he excels at.  PS - note to Dan Brown - get a new team of editors - this team left in too much minutiae.
 The author has a writing style that is easy-going and a pleasure to read. He explains things thoroughly and clearly.<br/><br/>I enjoy books that are written among facts and this book was filled with information: architectural, historical, biblical, and scientific. I learned a lot from this book as well as being entertain by a thrilling story.<br/><br/>I have never NOT read another of Dan Brown's works, so there was no need for comparison. This book was such a winner that I do plan to read more books by this author.<br/><br/>The last 50+ pages were interesting with their historical information, but the main story was over and the last pages were unnecessary. Basically, the extra historical information seemed forced down the reader's throat. The survivors should have gone to the emergency room.  No matter how much money the characters have they are still susceptible to infections and other medical issues. They just went on with their lives-HUH? No way-the book should have ended after the main story came to an end. I read a book years ago <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/How-To-Win-Friends-And-Influence-People/dp/0671355007/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">How To Win Friends And Influence People</a> by Dale Carnegie which said that when you say what you need to say-then sit down. For writing: when you tell the story that you have said that you would tell-then back away from the word processor, notepad, etc.<br/><br/>I am the author of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Dreams-in-August-Life-Love-and-Cerebellar-Ataxia/dp/1432702033/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dreams in August: Life, Love, and Cerebellar Ataxia</a> and <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Summer-Born-A-Life-With-Cerebellar-Ataxia/dp/1432705342/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Summer Born: A Life With Cerebellar Ataxia</a>. Over 150,000 people in the US, as well as many people around the world, have a form of ataxia, a neurological disorder that progressively impairs coordination.
 Yuk.  What a disappointment.  This is easily Dan Brown's worst novel.  Having read and loved Da Vinci Code, I read all of Brown's other novels.  Angels &amp; Demons was even better than Da Vinci Code, and the other two were interesting, albeit not great. But this latest novel, The Lost Symbol, is just plain bad.  Did Brown use up all his good material in prior novels, or was he pressured to make an untimely release?  Who knows, but it is undeniable that this book is a failure. It reminds me of an awful movie sequel, and comes across as some cheap copy-cat trying to imitate real art. Ironic that Brown is both the cheap copy-cat and the earlier artist.<br/><br/>The various earth-shattering-if-discovered secrets are ultimately more boring and pedestrian than even the typical Washington sex scandal.  The Mal'akh story was so painfully obvious that I felt insulted as I discovered it was really being set up as the climax.  I kept thinking Brown would surely come up with some strange twist, but he didn't; the novel just continued toward its inevitable, obvious, boring conclusion.<br/><br/>But perhaps most annoying was the endless, irrelevant parade of gratuitous symbol discoveries. At least in Da Vinci code the symbols had some plausible reason and purpose in the plot.  Here, they were just an endless hodge-podge of meaningless signs and symbols.  And the events leading to their discovery, let alone the discovered symbols themselves, were meaningless to the plot.<br/><br/>This book was too forced, contrived, predictable, and just boring. By the last several chapters, I was so annoyed I just skimmed through it, and finally I couldn't even continue that ... I could not tolerate to waste another minute of my life.<br/><br/>I respected Dan Brown far more before reading this book. If you're fortunate enough to have NOT yet read this book, do yourself a favor and skip this one. Read his better novels, or something else, but do NOT read this.
 First the good side.  Brown does an excellent job, as he has done in the past, with researching his material and adding lots of little insights into Washington, DC geography and history as well as details on Freemasonry and other such organizations.  His plot for the first half of the book moves along reasonably well.<br/><br/>On the bad side.  The book is composed of extremely smart individuals who make lightning leaps in intuition to solve complex puzzles and see around the corner.  And yet, they blunder around the plot with a character who has proven himself to be an evil competent villain and act unsuspiciously and stupidly.  It is in this way that the story resembles a bad movie.<br/><br/>There are also way too many scenes, especially in the second half of the book, where a great secret or plot twist will be revealed, but then requires a main character to be left in the dark with the reader until inch by inch the situation or secret is approached. At last the secret is revealed but by then tedium has set in.  While I think this is a plot device that can be very effective, not when it is used over and over and over.  Worst of all, I had guessed what was coming almost every time.<br/><br/>Finally, the story gets preachy at the end, intermixed with the breathless suspense of gradually revealed truths as described in the previous paragraph.  I read  the last third of the book only to finish and was relieved when I was finally done.
 I would say I am surprised that so many people have been writing negative reviews of this novel and saying that they find it dissapointing when compared to the Da Vinci Code, but given the hype of the Da Vinci Code I think this is to be expected. If you were expecting the secomd coming of...well...you know, then this novel probably would dissapoint you. But just like Angels &amp; Demons and the Da Vinci Code, the Lost Symbol is simply a great thriller written by an author who is an expert at hooking you from page 1 so that you keep turning the pages.<br/><br/>Now is this the greatest book ever? No, it is not. Is it a little silly and over the top at times? Yes, but so are his other books. But as far as thrillers go, The Lost Symbol is about as good as it gets. Shakespeare this is not, but a great "beach read" it is.<br/><br/>I am not going to analyze all the plot details, but I will say that I found it refreshing that the action took place in the United States this time. Maybe I found it more interesting since I attended school in DC, but still, the fact that it took place out of Europe made it feel at least a little different then the two prior Robert Langdon novels. And the main bad guy in this novel is a REALLy bad guy. I thought Angels &amp; Demons and Da Vinci Code were both really bad movie adaptions as they were dull and so workmenlike, but if they cast the right actor to play the part of the heavy in the eventual adaption of the Lost Symbol, they will be going a long way to assuring it's the best movie adaption of these novels. Also, I can usually spot the predictable "reveal" or surprise at the end, but this book's reveal did take me by surprise.<br/><br/>My only gripe is that after the big reveal and conclusiin of the main plot, the book keeps going for another 30 pages of explanations that felt a little extraneous.<br/><br/>So I would recommend this book easily if you liked Dan Brown's prior novels, especially Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code. But if you keep your expectations realistic and just go in expecting a really good thriller and nothing more, you will most likely enjoy this novel very much.
 This book has too many words -- WAY TOO MANY WORDS.  It is clear from the outset that this was written to be a screen play and each of the chapters was intended to be "shot".  But I did read the book in its entirety so I gave it three stars.  I read Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" and really enjoyed it even though it was clear the heavy lifting had been done in the book "Holy Blood Holy Grail".  Brown followed that up with "Angels and Demons" which seemed to be based on tour guides of Rome and Vatican City.  That book actually expected the reader to believe that Langdon could zip around Rome in minutes.  Anyone who has ever been in Rome and seen the traffic knows how ridiculous that is, but it is a work of fiction.  Not as good as Da Vinci Code but still enjoyable and now we have "The Lost Symbol" which seems to have been based on a Discovery Channel Documentary with an eye on the next movie that is sure to result.  So what about this novel pretending to be something other than a screen play?<br/><br/>This has Langdon zipping around Washington D.C but unlike his previous outings where he was a major leader of the mystery, in this book his role seems to be that of a confused bystander watching events unfold around him.  His major contribution seems to be to explain the latest "symbol" while stating with a sense of discovery "But that's a Myth" followed by "I am only interested in Peter Solomon".  He is then whisked by events -- usually out of his control -- to the next symbol, while being out smarted at every turn by the antagonist.  Brown does spice up the plot with what he hopes are a couple of red herrings which will certainly play well in the movie.  But there are whole sections here that add little to the plot and the chapters are burdened with unnecessary descriptions of the geography and Masonic practice and belief.<br/><br/>I bought the book.  I read the book.  I will probably see the movie.  But Brown will have to do better in his next book.  Maybe he should take on Sasquatch, UFO's, or Captain Kidd's Treasure, I'm sure the Discovery Channel has something that he can use for a plot.
 I bought this highly anticipated book returning Robert Langdon back on the scene of unsolved mysteries in famous places.<br/><br/>The book starts out well enough, but as it progresses, most of the scenarios are so odd and don't do the characters justice.<br/><br/>The book follows the usual formula. Langdon, friend of Langdon, a girl and the odd destructive character, all focused on a symbol that will give power to the world. That is all fine.  But after the middle of the book, Langdon starts to ramble about the mysteries of the Masonic order and how they relate to the building of Washington DC. These signs and symbols in relation to the capital, have been disproven already, many times.<br/><br/>Katherine, the woman compatriot of Langdon, thinks her lab assistant is in the lab when it is blown up. Her only comment afterwards is a gosh, I hope she made it out. Never anywhere as the book continues, does she lament the loss of her good friend. I find that rather shallow for Katherine who does everything with such passion.<br/><br/>Peter, Katherine's brother, has his hand cut off and yet later in the book when he is found, he takes Langdon on a trip to Washington Monument, as casually as if he has a cut finger. And when Katherine finds Langdon after this tour, Robert Langdon says that Peter went to the hospital, as if losing a hand was an everyday occurrence.<br/><br/>I think that Brown was pushing it this time to tell the story. Rambling dialogue, somewhat of a put down of the Masons, and shallow conversation, don't make for a great book.<br/><br/>I am glad that I read it so that I don't waste my time on any more of his books. He should have stopped with the Da Vinci code.
 The Lost Symbol might as well have been called The Albrecht Durer Code (though that doesn't roll off the tongue quite as well).  It follows the same tired and true formula that made Dan Brown filthy rich with his previous thriller---including many of the same flaws, but often even worse.<br/><br/>There are too many such flaws to go into specifics, so I'll just discuss a few in general terms.  For starters, the plot is surprisingly predictable, despite some glaring holes calculated to accommodate what are supposed to be shocking twists.  Also, despite having obviously done loads of research, Brown sometimes gets his facts wrong---whether he deliberately distorts them to suit his purposes and hopes the reader won't notice, or whether he just flubbed it, it's difficult to tell.<br/><br/>Then there is the ridiculous pseudo-scientific premise, which is far more wildly implausible than that of The Da Vinci Code.  Brown basically buys into, and propagandizes for, a New Age interpretation of every brand of mysticism in history he comes across---faith healing, astral projection, the Deepak Chopra interpretation of quantum mechanics, and on and on.  But he claims (quite falsely, I assure you) that these are not New Age ideas, but real cutting-edge science.<br/><br/>If you can somehow manage to suspend your disbelief about all this nonsense, there are a few exciting scenes buried in the middle of the novel, and some interesting characters (too many of whom meet untimely ends).  But the ending returns to bad Platonic and other varieties of mystical philosophy, and is pretty much just disappointing.  The denouement goes on way too long, and the sorts of "scientific" experiments Brown describes as supposedly proving all this are laughably bad (rather than "conclusive and irrefutable" as he claims they would be), as are the arguments put forth to show that the Bible (as well as the scriptures of other religions) contain scientific wisdom beyond modern understanding (but that "our science may one day catch up with the wisdom of the ancients").<br/><br/>Then there is the theme, namely that the truth (or at least Dan Brown's incredibly misguided version of it) must be kept hidden from the masses by a self-appointed elite.  This is perhaps the most offensive element of the book.  But most of Brown's readers are probably not the sort who think too much about the novel's philosophical underpinnings, so Brown can spill his guts about it and not worry too much about those masses (who comprise his readership) catching on.<br/><br/>Bottom line: if you liked The Da Vinci Code, you will probably enjoy this; if not, don't bother.  But if you are going to read it, this audio edition is not bad; the reader does about as good a job as could be expected with this material.
 The Lost Symbol is the follow-up to Dan Brown's blockbuster, The DaVinci Code. Coming on the heels of the movie version of Brown's Angels and Demons, it's little wonder so many readers have Robert Langdon on the brain nowadays. As in previous novels, Robert Langdon works "against the clock" to unravel a complex puzzle. There is symbology, history, science, architecture, and ancient brotherhoods aplenty. Brown fans will find this to be familiar territory. The locale is not exotic, but is set in Washington D.C., which in no way detracts from the story.<br/><br/>What I like about Dan Brown novels is the fact that Brown infuses his story with mystery, and he knows how to peel back the layers of intrigue at a pace that titillates the reader without ever giving away too much at one time. The twists are few and unsurprising compared to Brown's previous works, but they are present, and add a little bit to the story. What I enjoyed the most about The Lost Symbol is that every time you think you've gotten to the "the big reveal", there's more. A few times toward the end of the book, I found myself noting the number of pages remaining, and wondered what story there was left to tell.<br/><br/>The negatives of this novel are relatively few, but they are there. The pacing is much too slow in many places. The revelations at the end of the novel are too long and too preachy. I accidentally turned two pages at one point, and the same character was still talking. I didn't notice until several minutes later, and when I went back and read the pages I skipped, I discovered I really hadn't missed anything. Perhaps Mr. Brown has achieved enough clout that he is exempt from much editing. There are also some glaring continuity errors and errors in logic. In one scene, Langdon uses his cell phone to call the sister of an old friend on her own cellphone. Several pages later, the sister decides to make a dangerous trek to a different location so that she can look up Langdon's phone number, because she hasn't had it in years. Hello? Punch up 'Received Calls' on your cell phone?<br/><br/>Overall, The Lost Symbol is exactly what one should expect from Dan Brown, so it's very much a matter of perspective. I personally would give it 3 1/2 stars if halves were possible. If you enjoy the measured pacing of a mystery/thriller with a rich historical subtext, you will love it. If you prefer the adrenaline-packed thrill ride of a Matthew Reilly novel, you will hate it. Read at your own risk.
 I wanted to write, been there done that.  How many times can Robert Langdon find himself getting mixed up in some form of religious symbolic turmoil?  Still, if you forget about the previous editions and concentrate on this book alone, it is, as all of Dan Brown's books are, very entertaining.  He weaves the story, adding in factual data in such a gifted way that it keeps you turning the pages, up until the end that is.  The last thirty or so pages made me wonder why in the world I was still reading this book.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is lured to Washington DC under false pretense.  He finds himself wondering around trying to figure out where his fictitious lecture is being held, only to happen across the severed hand of his good friend and head Mason Peter Solomon.  Peter has more money than God himself so one would think his security might need a little tightening.  Still, Robert gets a mysterious phone call from his protagonist and everything starts unraveling from there.  I am not sure how much of the storyline we need to delve into at this point.<br/><br/>There are lots of twists and turns, the CIA gets involved, you learn numerous facts about the capital, government structures located in Washington and interesting tidbits about our forefathers.  They were a bunch of sultry heathens it sounds like.  Not to mention those Masons.  It seems like they control the country with their bloodletting rituals of death threats and beatings.  It is exciting how many of our politicians are Masons.  I wonder how Masons can be so secretive yet our politicians can't keep their mouths shut, ever.<br/><br/>As the book winds down it does throw a twist in at the end I was not expecting.  I won't divulge it at this point but it really did blow me away.  I pride myself on anticipating the unexpected and I honestly didn't see this one coming.  The sad part of the book is the ending.  After the climactic finality the book continues as it wraps up and explains "The Lost Symbol".  This could have been done in a couple of pages but it drug on for what seemed an eternity.  For such an entertaining book it left a horribly sour taste in my mouth which was unfortunate.<br/><br/>Unless you have lived under a rock the last several years you have seen a movie or read a book that was influenced by Dan Brown.  You won't get anything unusual with "The Lost Symbol", but that is not always a bad thing.  You will get exactly what you expect, which is an entertaining ride down the twists and turns of a mild adventure.  I enjoyed the book as I anticipated, but absolutely hated the monotonous ramblings that formed the conclusion.
 Don't worry, this is a spoiler-free review. However, if I did tell you the big secret, you might not read the book. I mean, come on, that's the big secret?! Yeesh! I know Mr. Brown had a difficult task after <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>, but if he couldn't come up with anything better than that, maybe he should have tried a different genre. But then again, the book sold like a bajillion copies before it was even released, and I bought a copy, so who got the last laugh?<br/><br/>Literary-wise, the book had decent suspense but I never cared too much about the characters or even what happened to them. The only mildly interesting character was the bad guy, but he was such a wack-job, I didn't even like reading about him much.<br/><br/>I guess I'm done reading Mr. Brown. The only thing that kept me reading was to find out what the "big secret" was, and now I just feel disappointed and let down that the book didn't pay off.
 This is a strangely written book in my view. There is no question that Dan Brown is an outstanding writer and has great talent, yet he seems to miss some of the most obvious things.<br/>About halfway through the book I was thinking this is one of the best books I've read in a long time, and yet by the end I had lost all enthusiasm. The writing is excellent in so many ways. The smoothness of the book, the interweaving of the plot, the movement, even glimpses of humour. The characters have potential.<br/>What doesn't work in the final estimation is the implausibility of the plot, espcially the end. What doesn't work is that the characters stop being human. There is no emotional reality here. It's almost as if Brown is so taken up with the ideas in his mind that he forgets that characters are not robots that can just move at the author's will. If a book is to make sense, to be fulfilling, the characters must come alive and live a life that is flawed and imperfect, not beholden to the author as god.<br/>This book is about ideas and concepts which are of some interest. This book is not about people, not about reality. People can have ideas and concepts but they don't tear away their bodies and their feelings and just become intellectual "things". Dan, please, don't rush next time. Come up with a plot that makes sense. Come up with a plot that humans can live. You have great talent, please see the bigger picture.
 Writing a review for this book is difficult, because by the end you will be fixated on the last twist and whether or not you found it believable or cliched.<br/><br/>However, before that one final twist, The Lost Symbol is an enjoyable ride. As always Brown's play on words keeps you entertained as he "reveals" facets of history lost to the average person. His new look at American history and the role Masons play is engaging and will drive Mason critics and conspiracy theorists wild.<br/><br/>This time Langdon has to help out a friend who belongs to the powerful Solomon family. As expected he has a gorgeous mature sister who will join the wild ride as the two are fighting against a mad man who is convinced he has unveiled a powerful Mason secret that only the older Solomon has access too.<br/><br/>Get ready for wild riddles, pyramids, and entertaining play on words, facts, and history. Brown is able to intersect several stories into one novel taking you back and forth from villain to Langdon's perspective in no time.<br/><br/>Some of the novel's weaknesses include the overuse of the phrase, "My GOD!" and side characters whose roles seem not to be clearly defined are they villains or simply hindrances? And most of all the final twist revealing how everyone is connected in this huge puzzle, left me disappointed. I can only assume it is a type of revelation that readers will either love or hate. I certainly was no fan of it.<br/><br/>The ending seemed frazzled. Why isn't Peter going to the hospital and taking his time to reveal this last ridiculous Mason secret. Uh...you're missing your hand, sir. I think secrets can wait or be shown after you're seen by medics. The Mason secret seemed too sugary of an ending. I think Brown wanted to go for a moment of patriotic appreciation, but it seemed force.<br/><br/>This definitely is no Da Vinci Code, but it's an easy beach read. Expect nothing more than that and you'll be satisfied.
 The Lost Symbol is the third book featuring symbologist Robert Langdon and his new adventure to discover deeply hidden secrets of ancient wisdom found in historic Washington, D.C. While the book is enjoyable at moments, it commits three fatal flaws: a formulaic plot, an unethical representation of fact, and a not-so-hidden agenda to proselytize the reader.<br/><br/>Firstly, The Lost Symbol is formulaic and predictable. One symbol leads to another secret, in which Langdon asserts that the hidden secret is only a myth while others try to convince him otherwise. He discovers another symbol which leads to another secret, which he claims is only a myth while others try to teach him that the myth is reality. As symbols are decoded and meanings are discovered, there is a lot of running between locations and a villain who outsmarts the other characters along the way. Of course, there is a shifty government official involved throughout the entire process, who may or may not be "the bad guy." Essentially, Brown has rewritten Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code and set the book in Washington, D.C.<br/><br/>Secondly, Brown's "fact page" at the beginning of the book indicates that the text's scientific, religious, and historical accounts are "real." He is not as adept at employing historical fact as readers might hope. Brown egregiously misinterprets facts, particularly those regarding religion and theology, to suit his plot, and misleads his readers. For instance, Brown plays on the letter arrangement of the word atonement, stating its meaning is "at-one-ment." In actuality, atonement is the English word used in place of the Greek katallasso, meaning "exchange" or "reconciliation," and for the Hebrew term kaphar, meaning "cover." Christian doctrine teaches that there was an exchange at the crucifixion and resurrection of Christ, in which human sin was covered by Jesus' sacrifice (exchange of sin for righteousness). Tyndale, an English translator of the Bible, employed the term atonement in his translation of the Bible, but it is well established that the Old and New Testaments were written in Hebrew and Greek respectively. To claim the true intentions of the Judeo-Christian tradition were universalist in nature demonstrates Brown's ignorance of theological knowledge. His narrow focus on Tyndale reveals his intentional selection of half-truths removed from their historical and doctrinal contexts. There are numerous other examples of such errors in The Lost Symbol (e.g., the Judeo-Christian account of creationism, the interpretation of Psalm 82:6, the meaning of the Kingdom of God dwelling in individuals, the Lord's prayer, the religious tenets of Satanism, etc.) Utilizing these misinterpretations to propel the story is not unethical in and of itself, but it is Brown's claim that his fiction is historically, scientifically, and theologically accurate that is so disturbing.<br/><br/>The third fatal flaw is found in the character of Robert Langdon. Langdon plays the constant skeptic while the other characters smugly attempt to persuade him that true religion is universalism. The Lost Symbol is laden with characters' pleas to Langdon to open his mind to postmodernist spirituality and pseudoscience. By the conclusion of the lengthy book (overly long due to its evangelical efforts), it is evident that Langdon represents the reader. Like Langdon forsakes his skepticism and his understandings of traditional, orthodox religion by the end of the text, so must the reader. Brown can only inspire his readers' conversion through a misuse and restructuring of the facts, which is downright disgusting.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol had the potential to be a great thriller, but its predictable and formulaic tendencies, its misrepresentations of fact, and Brown's blatant attempt to indoctrinate his readers detract from its success.
 It's a book that if you are not well informed on the Freemasons you will read this book in front of your computer to help you decipher most of the information.  Don't misunderstand me it's a great chase and codebreaking story but once again Langdon is lectured and then "everything makes sense" or he see's the picture, even while facing death.  You will also get a history lesson that i'm pretty sure if we had paid attention in high school we would know what and where they are talking about. It does make you want to visit Washington D.C. which is amazingly full of mysteries and hidden history and awesome art and architecture. Langdon gets a call to lecture in Washington D.C. but when he gets there he realizes that his friend is missing or rather kidnapped. A severed tattoed hand in the rotunda,at the precise moment Robert Langdon gets there and gets one of the many phone calls of the night, the CIA who decides it's a matter of national security and on a need to know basis and you don't need to know, and a mysterious man who taunts and orders Robert Langdon around via cell phone, A couple of 33rd degree freemasons a pyramid( here is where knowledge of Masonry comes in hand) the kidnapped Peter Salomon sister Katherine and a few other people who really don't make sense as to what they are doing there but that is part of Dan Brown's way of writing adding unecessary characters. You will also know exactly where you are even if you have Never been to the Nations Capital. Noetic Sciences play a rather confusing role in this story but it really doesn't give you much information you need to look it up too and by the way it really isn't a science at least I didn't think so. The history of the Freemasons was rather interesting but being a woman there is no way I would be able to join them. Good thing I did not pay full price I got it believe it or not on clearance for a fraction of the cost. Would I read it again? Most likely not.
 Ok, I've read many of the one star reviews to see if I was missing something, but I have to stick with my feelings and give Dan another five stars.  Sure this book could have been edited down to about 350 pages and gotten the same point across, but I didn't mind the detail and repetition that he kept in the story.<br/><br/>This look into the architecture and layout of the Nation's Capitol was interesting and gave the reader some interesting trivia during the story.<br/><br/>The number 33 will stick with me and I'll be looking for a few key things the next time I'm in DC.<br/><br/>I loved the end of the story and how Mal'akh was to receive his wisdom.  The end of the story kept me on the edge of my seat.<br/><br/>It seems like this story will make a great movie, and may have even been written to insure that reality.  The characters were developed with great detail and the images were easy to follow, as was the story.<br/><br/>All in all I have to give it to Dan for his research and ability to weave his stories together.  There is a reason he is one of the top authors in American today.<br/><br/>Some things you will enjoy learning about:  Magic squares, significant of the number 33 and how it shows up all over DC, true meaning of the word apocalypse, the "Lost Word", tip of the Washington Monument, Laus  Deo and much more.  All these come together in a way that will give you pause when you think of religion and the true God, or if the only God there is reside within.<br/><br/>Finally, as human understanding races forward it brings to mind Kurzweil's view of the singularity.  I feel like we will destroy ourselves before realizing the singularity, or apocalypse as stated in this book, but if we do reach it before killing ourselves over competing resources then we just may find the peace that is alluded to by Dan.
 On Audible I gave this 4 stars but the more I think about this book the more I am disliking it.  There was nothing special or original about this book.  And the reveal at the end was let down.  I know there are two more books in the series but I may not listen to them after this one.  I grow tired of the villain(s) running around with impunity.  And way too much attention was given to the more violent actions by the villain.  I did like learning about the nation's capitol and about some of the founding fathers.
 The Lost Symbol is the latest Dan Brown book.  It is an important book by a great author, with some interesting science and characters and some plot lines that seem lost.  I dont know how to compare it to the other Brown books.  We have the same protagonist who seems to do some really dumb things for a smart guy. The other characters are all new, which is remarkable that Langdon has all these close friends and life long mentors who did not show up in the previous thousand pages. Reminds me of Rockford Files episodes where each week Jim's long lost cousin or childhood best friend shows up for the first time in a real jam that only Jim and Rocky can resolve.<br/><br/>The science that is going on at the Smithsonian is a dreadful bore compared to the fast paced DC action. What is noetics anyway, it has nothing to do with this story.  As is his way, Langdon races from corner to corner in the featured city, finding clues and getting the answer right at least 50% of the time. There are some incredible surprises in this book that I wont reveal.  No one is who they seem to be and it is not even clear who is quick or dead.<br/><br/>Brown does not write especially well, although he writes a lot better now than he did 10 years ago. This book could use some serious editing. Who are all these people and how are they relevant? We spend a lot of time with directions and details of getting from here to there. In any case make sure you read this.  You cant miss any of these, will be a blockbuster film real soon.
 I have to admit it, I adore Dan Brown.  The man takes historical facts, places and people and creates a story the likes of which keep my on the edge of my seat and up way past my bedtime.  Some disagree with the way he writes, but I think the important thing to keep in mind is that these are works of fiction, not fact.  Yes, he takes facts and distorts them, but in a fictional novel, one should expect some embellishments.  I should probably also mention that Brown tells you flat out at the beginning what is real.  Ah-hem.  I will not get on my soapbox...<br/><br/>This story, as I'm sure you know, is set in Washington, D.C.  Brown hooks you from the very beginning, and the mystery only gets more complicated the further you get.  The more important question is, who can you trust?  I found myself questioning the worthiness of some of Langdon's acquaintances, and for the most part they are on the up and up.  There are a few characters though, that will intrigue you and keep you guessing until the end.  And there is one exceptionally creepy/scary/strange individual with a grudge, and he won't stop until he gets what he wants.<br/><br/>Notes on the Cover:<br/>I'm mad about this cover.  The cryptic symbols on the antiquated-looking vellum, the seal from Peter Solomon's ring, the picture of the Capital against a blood-red night sky are all fantastic and obviously the designer paid attention to the content of this one (as they should with ALL books) and nailed it.
 As usual with Dan Brown (I have read all his books), this book moved quickly, it kept you on "the edge of your seat" throughout (until the last 40 pages) and the plot twists were brilliant and completely impossible to anticipate.  He is a master story teller!!  Besides, I love the way he generally keeps his chapters short.  This latter is particularly nice for someone like me who often only has short periods (15-20 minutes) to read non-work materials.  So, you might ask, why only three stars?  Though I think I know what Mr. Brown was doing, I thought the last 40 or so pages (in the hard copy version) drug and could have been condensed -- though I do not deign to suggest how given what I perceive to be the central underlying "message" of the book he was, I think, trying to bring together for the reader.  If you are a Dan Brown fan and have not yet read this book, do so!  if you have not yet been introduced to him, I would suggest you start with Digital Fortress or Da Vinci Code first.
 Very entertaining read. It's been a very long time since I last read a Dan Brown book but the central character of Robert Langdon (described with eery physical similarity to the author! Hmmm) and the fast-moving, action-packed and information-crammed style seemed very familiar. Whenever I learn some fact (e.g., Noetic science, the cross not being a Christian symbol until the fourth century, the origins of the word "sincere", etc.) within the context of a well-written novel, it feels like being served a piece of rich Godiva chocolate from its wrapper rather than consumed as a thin spread among pages of a dry, academic text. The bad guy here is truly evil, the good guys live through it (with close calls, of course!), and you are left to ponder the worlds religions, God, and God's connection to man. It moves well and would make a splendid book to take along on a long flight (you'll ignore your fanny fatigue) or to spend reading on a lazy, rainy weekend.
 Dan Brown begins his third book featuring the symbologist Robert Langdon with a trip on a private jet to our country's capital.  Readers will think Langdon has done pretty well for himself to be traveling in this way, when it is revealed that he is being flown to Washington DC after receiving an urgent call from a colleague to perform a lecture at the National Statuary Hall at the Capitol.  There he finds an empty room with no indications of a lecture to be performed, but instead a recently severed hand with the fingers posed in a specific way, the index and thumb tattooed.<br/><br/>And so begins The Lost Symbol adventure, as Brown takes readers on a ride they won't soon forget.  Langdon soon finds himself forcefully helping Inoue Sato, the head of the CIA's Office of Security as they attempt to track down the owner of the severed hand, Langdon's close friend Peter Solomon.  Brown has taken his time with this novel, doing the research and creating a fuller, more rounded story over The Da Vinci Code, keeping the reader more entranced with what's going on, but also making sure to inform them about the subject and history of Freemasonry and how it all ties in with the Founding Fathers.<br/><br/>The solution to the overall mystery becomes a relatively obvious one for any skilled mystery reader, but the story is compelling, filled with details and supposed facts that will have readers wondering about the founding of this very country and who these people really were.<br/><br/>Originally written on November 24th, 2009 ©Alex C. Telander.<br/><br/>For over 500 book reviews and exclusive author interviews, go to  ...].
 The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown brings back Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon in another thriller combining ancient legends and mystique with modern day mysteries. In this book Langdon gets a call from an old friend to give a speech to wealthy Smithsonian donors. When he gets to the site, he finds that there is no speech and no gathering. Instead his old friend, Peter Solomon, has been kidnapped by a seeming madman and unless Langdon can solve an ancient Masonic code, his friend will be killed. The book then takes off in a dizzying chase involving Langdon, the CIA, and a spooky, tattooed villain who seemingly will stop at nothing to achieve his quest and who has almost super human powers to aid him.<br/><br/>I love the constant tension and fast paced action of Dan Brown's books. I also like the behind the scenes of the real world settings. I can even take the religious woo woo around which Brown's books revolve-- it's kind of like reading something by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child, except Brown's books focus on Christian mysticism. I really enjoyed about the first two thirds of this book and found it hard to put down. But the last third dissolved into pure silliness. When I discovered the great secret that was supposedly such a huge issue of national security that the CIA was willing to do anything to stop its dissemination, I thought, "That's it?" I was simply unable to suspend my incredulity beyond that point, and I thought the last part of the book so unbelievably silly that I really cannot recommend that anyone bother reading it.<br/><br/>Go ahead and read the first two thirds of the book if you want a really good, creepy, fast paced thriller. Just stop when you get to the CIA raiding the villain's house. You're better off making up your own ending than trying to accept the silly ending Dan Brown wrote.
 The Lost Symbol as a whole is a well researched piece of historical fiction, technology, and history. It offered up thoughtful perspectives on faith and religion. Unfortunately, the combination of all these items ended more of a disjoint mixture rather than a captivating blend.<br/><br/>The biggest issues I had with the book were with its pacing and the repetitive storyline. About a third of the way into The Lost Symbol, the captivating mystery with an intriguing science angle slowed down into lengthy inline "reference notes" on the subject matter at hand (mostly Freemasonry related). Also annoying was the way the overall puzzle was unwrapped, like an onion. It was pretty much find out what you think is an answer but come to realize the real answer is something different, for now. This went on to the point where I was thinking "I understand that this is some super secret puzzle with an awesome payout, but enough already please."<br/><br/>As for the ending with its reveal of the puzzle answer, I have to say I was mostly disappointed. In the end the reader is left to reconcile with this mishmash of CIA, Noetic Science, Freemasonry, Washington D.C., and spirituality.<br/><br/>P.S. readers expecting some sort of romance for Robert Langdon will not find it here either.
 Since the plot has been well-outlined by other reviewers, I'm just going to say what worked for me and what didn't. I enjoyed the Da Vinci Code and also Angels and Demons, but I did not think they were masterpieces, just entertaining thrillers. "The Lost Symbol" sticks to the formula that has made Dan Brown a household name. The protagonist, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon finds himself in Washington, D.C., desperately racing against time to save his mentor, Peter Solomon, who has been kidnapped. There is an antagonist in the form of the tattooed man, the mystically named Mal'akh. There is a potential love interest, and a new branch of science "Noetics".<br/><br/>The action is well-paced, with a fair balance between action and dialogue, and it's easy reading, though at times I felt the writing could have done with better editing. In comparing "The Lost Symbol" with the DVC and A&amp;D, I think it falls somewhere in between the two. Part of why the DVC elicited so much debate was because of its controversial religious theme that was seen as heretical by religious groups. In "The Lost Symbol", I did not find this great spark of controversy that is going to get people discussing this work as much as the DVC.<br/><br/>The author's writing skills are pretty much the same as in his previous books, and I do not think there has been much maturing in this aspect (i.e. cardboard characters, tepid dialogue). Final verdict - a fast-paced read, with plenty of action and some food for thought. Fans of action and conspiracy thrillers will find this a good diversion, but I hardly think it's outstanding.
 If you enjoy author Dan Brown's two previous Robert Langdon  novels (Angeles &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code), you will love this book. It is filled with those entertaining asides and historical information that his main character , our favorite symbolist,  seems to know so well. The amazing information as well as history asides are woven into this text, which sometimes  feels too heavy handedly.<br/><br/>I am in love with the storytelling talents of Paul Micheal's narrative abilities. This is why the unabridged version is the novel is better to get than the abridged one. The abridgement is also by Random House audio.  One may assume that this unabridged seems overly padded. In this reviewer's opinion, I agree. However, Micheal audio talents are a treat, so you can overlook the author's padding.<br/><br/> It  takes a long time to get to the solution, so is the puzzle that this audio is worth it. I would say so. The end of the audio (and the novel) seems slightly overkill. Also you can see some of the red herring so bad that they smell fishy before the listener gets involved. Also the  brazen overkill that Law Enforcement/Government agents  play in this story makes them this side of the Keystone cops. Part of the twist you can predict and see them , right before they hit you in the eyes.<br/><br/>For those who seek a historical  adventure  thriller similar to National Treasure or Indiana Jones film, this audio book is a good choice. This heavy handed work is slight overkill but is still entertaining.<br/><br/> I still cannot wait until Tom Hanks does the film version of this book which is fast tracked for next year.<br/> Bennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
 Dan Brown's third entry in his Robert Langdon series is an incredible work!  Non-stop suspense propels the reader at warp speed.  Much arcane and well-researched knowledge about the Masons, the Fathers of our Country, and the secrets and mysteries hidden within Washington DC are revealed.  Of particular interest to me was the revelation of the Noetic Sciences, which have determined that forms of what I cal "special energies" such as thoughts and emotions which science has never been able to quantify do actually have mass and can be measured!  If the Noetic Sciences flourish, we may indeed, as Brown suggests, be on the brink of a new Renaissance in which we will be able to reverse the destructive forces at work on this planet and in our societies.  Carpal Tunnel compels me to be brief.  In short, I strongly urge you to read this book!  Now!  Get thee to a library!  Or, buy it here...
 Dan Brown did it again.  He made me forget that I was reading fiction.  I was so caught up in the story line that I started to believe everything I read as fact.  I was skeptical that “The Lost Symbol” setting in Washington, D.C. would simply be an American parallel to the “The Da Vinci Code.”  That thought dropped immediately as soon as I started reading and I couldn’t wait to turn the page.  What I appreciate the most about Dan Brown is the amazing intersection of science and religion.  Regardless of your own beliefs, he relates to the readers by creating self-reflection moments while being caught up into the action. Mr. Brown nails it with sentences, such as, “…thought about science, about faith, about man…every culture, in every country, in every time…” Mr. Brown found a way to relate to all audiences in an intimate and individual way. I can’t wait to pick up “Inferno.” – Thomas Dowd, author of “The Transformation of a Doubting Thomas” and "From Fear to Success"
 I recently had the pleasure of reading the Lost Symbol by Dan Brown. In this resplendent work, Dan Brown created a beautiful tapestry of philosophy, world religion, and occult sciences. A funny situation happened while finishing the book. I was on a flight returning home. When reading a book, I have a habit of highlighting and writing notes in it. When I began deboarding the plane, a man who was watching me read asked, what was I studying. I responded, the Lost Symbol by Dan Brown. He was not familiar with the title or author. So I then stated, that Dan Brown was the same author of the Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons, and Dante's Inferno, to which the man's wife interjected, "Oh it's just fiction". I laughed to myself, because everyone is entitled an opinion, and every comment doesn't warrant a response. The thing I do know is that since the days of the ancient mystery system some of the most occult subjects were disseminated to its aspirants via myths and allegories. Not to mention, when the sages and priests wanted to convey an arcane subject to lay people it was done using the same modality. This holds true even today when you pick up and read your holy text or volume of sacred law (whichever one it may be: Bible, Koran, Bhagavad Gita, Coming Forth By Day and By Night, Torah, Talmud, the Zohar, Book of Thoth, etc.). Although the book's storyline is fictitious, its subjects, history and historical figures, the location of the monuments, sciences discussed, books referenced, and secret orders were all quite real. I recommend this book to all who quest for light, seeing the Big Picture, and man's re-membrance of his divine nature and potential.<br/><br/> Aurum nostrum non est aurum vulgi (our gold is not ordinary gold).<br/>--Gerhard Dorn
 No big plot spoiler here for those of you who haven't read it (why do people DO that here in Amazon reviews???) so you can read on and not miss any thrills. I'm going to reference a couple specifics which give you the tone of the whole book - the reader is expected to go along with any of Dan's plot devices, no matter how amazingly absurd.<br/><br/>The Unecessarily Pitch-Dark Pod 5: Early on we here the the gigantic outer area leading to the research room can't be lit because an electric power grid would disturb their delicate experiments. However there's plenty of power in the room where said experiments go on, thanks to a hydrogen power cell. I assume this power is used in bulbs of some sort, as well as powering lots of equipment. Power gird. And why can't a hydrogen cell be used to create low lighting out in the pod, unless Dan is setting us up for a dramatic chase-through-the-dark scene?<br/><br/>So having survived the chase through The Unecessarily Pitch-Dark Pod 5, Catherine gets to her car. Now we know she's lost her coat because she has no door key-card so, um, how's she gonna drive?...<br/>"Her keys were where she always left them, in the center console"  WHAT???????  Yep, she's part of a zillion dollar research project so this is a $50K+ car and she leaves it UNLOCKED with the KEYS IN IT.  Nice little escape device, Dan - I mean your escape, not hers.<br/><br/>Two small examples of the absurdities in this very weak followup to Da Vinci. Enter at your own risk, it's mildly entertaining so long as you don't mind sloppy pop fiction.
 On one hand, I have read every Dan Brown work of fiction. On the other, I have not really enjoyed any of them. In a lot of ways, I think that the Lost Symbol is a strong work. Its enjoyable to see an author piecing together complex puzzles. But it ultimately fails in a resounding fashion due in a large part to the restraints placed upon the author to use Robert Langdon once again. The character is a known quantity, he Brown cant very easily add to the limited character study, and is very very constrained in how he sets up this plot.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons was a hard book to stomach for me. The plot got pretty loopy and was so far out there at times that I was groaning in pain. Lost Symbol never quite gets to that point, but it pushes the envelope as far as credibility goes. Every aspect here kind of is over board silly.<br/><br/>I did not really like that Langdon knows EVERYTHING. Its a hard sell when your main character has every single snippet of knowledge at his finger tips due to his photographic memory. Their is not a huge amount of struggle to uncover any of the mysteries along the way.<br/><br/>Shoot, their is too much goofiness going on here for any self respecting reader to truly love this work. The characters are very limited, the story is a re-hash of past works, the writing is fairly forced in several places, the editing is not very good... Id skip this one if I were you...
 Dan Brown has managed to cram every Bruce Willis DIE HARD and Nicholas Cage NATIONAL TREASURE movie scenario ranging from fairly exciting to absolutely ridiculous into his latest epic THE LOST SYMBOL.  We are confronted with a colossal dagger toting tattooed eunuch, a kidnapping, the bumbling CIA, the ever conspiratorial Masons and, of course our hero, the scholarly Robert Langdon who dances from place to place and clue to clue, while thwarting the bad guys, with the agility of a Nijinsky. (By the way, the solutions to many of the "puzzle/clues" are so elementary and their solutions so obvious that all Langdon manages to prove is that he could be a contestant on the television program Are You Smarter than a Fifth Grader!).<br/><br/>Brown's Langdon series of books are not to be confused with any written works containing artistic value since they are, for the most part, just a form of entertainment where you put your brain in park and go along for the ride.  On the plus side of the equation, the Langdon books are unlike his early efforts DIGITAL FORTRESS and DECEPTION POINT which displayed all imagination and writing ability of that aforementioned fifth grader. In general, all I can say is that Brown should get down on his knees every night and thank his publicist and his publisher for their unflagging promotion of his books.  There is an old saying which tells us "It pays to advertise" and there is no more obvious illustration of the truth of that adage than the phenomenal sales of Dan Brown's books.
 Da Vinci Code hero, Robert Langdon, is summoned to Washington D.C. by an old friend to give a lecture but soon learns that the invitation is bogus.  While trying to figure out what’s going on, his friend’s severed hand mysteriously appears in the middle of the Capitol rotunda.  The ensuing plot revolves around a psychopath who will do anything to obtain the age-old secrets of Masonry.  Unfortunately, this lacks the drive and finesse of DaVinci Code or Angels and Demons.  The writing is plodding, didactic, and overwritten; at least 200 of its 500 pages should have been jettisoned.  When I finished chapter 13, I thought: “this should have been the first chapter.” Toward the end, I thought: “I saw this twist coming halfway through the book.” When I finished the last chapter, I thought: “What a waste!”
 First off let me say that the story is captivating and the subject matter interesting.  A very fast past read.  HOWEVER:<br/>(I'm going to try not having a spoiler but just in case, you may not want to read further.)  This book contained the worst characters ever written in fictional literature.  Especially Robert Langdon.  I must say that his skepticism in the story was tying and sickening;  I mean come-on.  Your are Robert Langdon.  What have you been doing in the past two books?  Dealing with antimatter, church vs. science, finding decedents for Jesus and so many fantastic and outrageous situations that we love so much.  In this book however, he does not believe anything to be possible.  What happened, did Dan Brown murder your sense of adventure.  Furthermore, he became the wimpiest character of all time,  God bless Falstaff.  If I were to give Mr. Tom Hanks any advise I'd tell him not to do this movie for the sake of his career.  Mr. Brown please don't feel as if you need to commercialize yourself to win audiences, you already had us at 'Da Vinci Code.'  What we (at least I) loved about you was your controversial sense of adventure and set of brass balls.  It seems as if you are softening up and tried to please certain groups (you know who I mean.)<br/>This next comment may be a SPOILER:<br/>I'm confused;  if I had a friend who was in danger and all I had to do was decipher something I did not believe in<br/>(because I'm such an skeptic)  to save him, I'D DO IT; not argue with terrorist about how untrue it is and I won't do it because it is not true:<br/>me:  I won't do it it's not real,<br/>terrorist:  decipher the code and your friend will be safe.<br/>me: but it's not true.<br/>terrorist: all you have to do to save your friend is decipher the code for me.<br/>me: but nothing will come out of it.  It's impossible.
 I can hardly imagine the sheer amount of research that must have taken place in order for this novel to be written. In that sense, it makes for a better textbook than a storybook. Although the plot does include a few unexpected twists towards the end which remind the reader that there are some characters in the book and something is happening to them, most of the content is presented in a meticulously dull manner. By the time the climax finally arrives, it is barely noticeable. I was mostly left wondering why the author even bothered.<br/><br/>For me, the character of Katherine Solomon and the concept of research in noetic science were the most captivating aspects of the story. I thought that the "threat" of potential insight into the "mysteries" of the Freemasons was drastically overstated. Frankly, I doubt that the consequences of such revelations would be nearly so catastrophic in the real world today.<br/><br/>To be fair, this book generated more interest in U.S. history and the capitol city itself than any other media that I can remember. For probably the first time, I am genuinely curious enough about Washington D.C. that I am considering a trip to see the places described in such intricate detail for myself.
 Dan Brown is an author I will always pick up since I find his novels very entertaining.  This is the fifth one I have read and I liked this one better than "Deception Point" and "Digital Fortress" but less than "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels and Demons" (my favorite).<br/><br/>This one was very similar and style and tone to both DaVinci and A&amp;D, but seemed to be a bit more formulaic and a re-do of those novels just set in a different location.  The three main things that bothered me about this novel:  1) the main character of Robert Langdon reappears to take center stage again but seems to be more dense and, at times, just oblivious and constantly in need of help from other sources.  2)  As I was reading, I began to grow weary of the characters looking at something that the reader isn't privy to, being amazed and enlightened by it, and then the next chapter starts without the reader knowing what had been revealed.  While it can heighten the suspense, after multiple usages of the device, I just was annoyed and impatient.  3)  Three characters go through incredible physical trauma but within hours manage to flit around Washington with a huge amount of stamina and no after-effects.  It stretches the reader's ability to believe that people can be near death and a couple of hours later are able to fully function and are just "tired".<br/><br/>Even with the negatives of this novel, I still found it enjoyable.  My personal take is that if this weren't a Dan Brown book and if it didn't have all the hype associated with it, people would find it entertaining and a good read.  It's just not a novel that can stand up to all the expectations - not an "it" book in my opinion but a fun one anyway.
 This story has great potential, and is enjoyable if one can ignore most of the woo promotion going on throughout the book. The only salvation for this book is turning it into a movie, in which case most of the nonsense can be skipped in favor of telling the story underneath.<br/><br/>Dan Brown likes to put a statement of what is "fact" in the front of his books, and most intelligent people have the ability to separate the fact from fiction, if research is carefully done. He was more careful in this one than in "The Da Vinci Code," but there was one point on which his "fact" statement failed: science. ALL of the science mentioned in the book is not true science. Specifically, the Noetic science, is not science at all.<br/><br/>He apparently did not research adequately, or is just especially prone to woo. Probably a third of this book appears to be a propaganda piece for things on the level of "The Secret." Please. NOTHING has been proven about the mind causing matter to physically materialize or change -- the closest thing we have come to that is the placebo effect. Thinking "good" thoughts won't cause nice orderly crystals in freezing water any more than "bad" thoughts will cause chaotic crystals.<br/><br/>I thought Brown was setting these notions up to later shoot them down with a skeptical Langdon. Unfortunately, that is not the case, and it will take stellar reviews on the next book Brown comes out with to get me to even consider purchasing it. Pre-purchase is from now on out of the question.
 I think Dan Brown's editor may have been asleep.  He should have smacked his author around (editorially speaking, of course), and reminded him he was writing a novel.<br/><br/>This book has some interesting stuff in it, and some hair raising stuff, too.  But any time the narrative starts to take off, Brown yanks us out of it with one of his many interminable flashbacks, discussions of Freemason lore, descriptions of memories of past discussions of Freemason lore, or philosophical ramblings, all of which bring the book to a complete halt.  By the time we get to the book's biggest revelation, I was skipping whole paragraphs and almost missed it.<br/><br/>To be fair, Brown's didactic style was evident in The Da Vinci Code, but he didn't sacrifice pace for information.  Emboldened by the success that book, he seems to have pulled out all the stops and INUNDATES us with arcane information, effectively keeping us constantly at arm's length to the story.  Unfortunately, this only exposes how thin and rather ridiculous the plot is.<br/><br/>And once the book's crisis is finally averted, everyone affected by the horrendous doings seems to brush themselves off, smile, and start lecturing again.<br/><br/>If you still want to read it, pace yourself; it's a looong book.
 So Langdon shows up at the scene of a vicious crime.  Surprise Surprise.  Langdon is under suspicion.  wow, there's a shocker.  Langdon is whisked away moments before an impending arrest by a stranger.  Hey, wait a sec.. didn't this happen once or twice before??  Then Langdon must use his unbelievable skills to prove he's as clueless as he claims about the crime, and solve the riddle before something terrible happens.  Ahh yes, sounds familiar now, doesn't it?<br/><br/>Look, Mr. Brown, you had a good thing going.  You just should not have tried to write the same book over again by giving it a new title, and a new setting.  The so-called devastating event that everyone is afraid of, really is NOT very devastating.  And the criminal that's been created isn't very believable (sort of freaky, in a Halloween-costume-gone-bad sort of way).  And why was the woman's research being targeted?  Did that fit in well at all with the rest of the story?  I didn't think so.  I got the point that her research and testing was tied in nicely with her brother's dilemma, but did it need to be targeted and destroyed?  Or did Mr. Brown just need to fill some pages and create a faux suspense to make the reader think that this story was going to be REALLY exciting?<br/><br/>All in all, the message is interesting.  The last two or three chapters were very thought provoking.  But it should have been a documentary on PBS or Discovery (as I'm sure it will be soon).  It should not have been the catalyst for another Langdon "save the world" book.  Wish I had my $ ...] bucks back.  If there were a Cliff Notes version, that would be all anyone would need.  Do they still make those?
 Okay, so Brown is a millionaire author and I'm not.  I've read his earlier four books twice each and enjoyed them.  And enjoyed this one too, to a point.  No spoilers here but he does save some punches for the end.  Yes it does seem at times formulaic and repetitive, as others have stated quite well, and so be it; he makes the millions not me.<br/><br/>Here's my gripe.  When Brown mixes fact with fiction he creates a lot of interest, sells a lot of books, confuses a lot of people, and causes them to go to their libraries and look up their history.  All to the good.  So he buries fake meteorites upside down in the ice in Deception Point; not impossible but nearly pointless in fact.  He has batteries run down in Angels &amp; Demons so predictably that you could set your watches to them; why should any battery run out of juice so absolutely perfectly?  Well never mind - I'm getting off track here.<br/><br/>But when he mentions "noetics" a dozen times, he's strongly suggesting to his readers that this element of his novel is really factual.  Balderdash.  I would have given this novel 4 stars, but his dumbing-down and mushing-up of the public's understanding of science is a real minus.  The public at large is already confused and bewildered at the amazing complexity of science in today's world; this psycho-babble nonsense is junk.  And harmful.  His characters actually say that wishful thinking can alter probabilities in the real world; woe be to all Vegas casino owners!<br/><br/>Would that it were not so.  Huge areas of uncertainty and vagueness remain in our scientific understanding; perhaps some type of so-called psychic phenonenmon will documented and studied in the future.  But not the way Brown describes it.  That's fiction within fiction, though he suggests it's fact.  As of 2010, we're still waiting for the very first positive results in a properly designed and administered test of psychic mental abilities.  So far we have exactly zero results from such properly conducted experiments; throughout the world; to date.  Maybe in 2011, or 2050, or the year 3000; I'm not holding my breath.  But I wish Brown had kept his fiction more believable and left his wishful thinking for magical mental powers out of it.<br/><br/>Mark
 Dan Brown is a writer of the first rank.  Moreover, he is an entertainer of the first rank.  His novels engender emotion, stimulate thinking, and even elicit "What are you talking about?" comments from the reader.  I have always been suspicious of critiques, especially those from professional litarary critics.  Seldom do they enter the fray themselves, (publish their own novels) but are content to bash the work of others.  (A good narrative of this philosophy can be found in Sebastian Faulks latest, A Week in December.) All novels are not intended to be "Classic" in the sense of, Shakespeare, "...now in our 400th year."  Stageplays, of course, not novels for William. Most novels are actually written to simply entertain, or get the reader to think, or perhaps to be a cathartic excercise for the author.<br/><br/>Still, I find that The Lost Symbol did not rise to the level of earlier work, but I recall some of the same feelings for Tom Clancy and I read each of his publications as well.  Not everyone hits it over the fence each time up to bat.  Good reading, driven plot (although I got tired of Langdon finally realizing that "it had been right in front of him" all the time.<br/><br/>Well done, Dan.  Highly successful authors are allowed to hit a double once in awhile, (certainly John Grisham has) and come right back to bat with a triple, or over another "over the fence."
 Dan Brown's latest novel spins a good tale with some good twists.  It's also a great read before visiting D.C., and will help you narrow down the myriad of places to tour.  That's all the good I have to say about it.<br/>The characters are shallow.  The pace of the book is so unrealistic that it pulls you from the dream we usually enjoy while reading a novel.  You would think they evacuated Washington in order to do all that is done in this book.  I don't care if it's midnight - there are always people everywhere in D.C.  You can't blow up the Smithsonian and the Library of Congress and then expect to drive across town without seeing ten million emergency vehicles, and at least that many tourists.  But that's not what bothered me.<br/>First, let me say I could care less about the controversy of The DaVinci Code.  I didn't read the book and didn't follow all the clamor.  I thought the counter-publishing of works like The DaVinci Deception were reactionary and overkill, not to mention probably did much to promote anything Brown subsequently wrote.<br/>Second, it's a novel - got it.  The views expressed herein don't necessarily reflect those of the author, bla bla bla.  But there's no way you can read this and not sense that the philosophy within the writing goes far beyond backstory, character or scene development.  It sounds more like soap boxing.  So, what philosophy?<br/>Brown levels the differences among religions, stating that they all have value and originate from some ancient, vague mysticism.  The book is gnostic, wrapped in the most recent package.  "Truth" originates from secrets kept from centuries past within a small circle of Masons, or other secret organizations.  Even within those groups, only a few people really understand the truth, which is guarded within enigmatic symbols to protect the world from the destructive effects that would come should the unworthy gain access to these powerful secrets.<br/>Hold on a second - I've got a fair question: what secrets?  What exactly is the secret?  Well, he never says.  At the end he references (and, baby, does he twist Scripture here...) the Logos (see John 1:1).  But even here he takes what Scripture makes fairly clear, and casts a cloud around it in order to manufacture a mystery.<br/>This reminds me of Finding Forester, which was a wonderful movie.  In this flic Sean Connery plays a famous, best-selling author in the vein of Harper Lee, who only wrote one novel.  Connery mentors a talented kid from a poor, inner city neighborhood.  Throughout the movie your told how incredibly talented Connery is, how wonderful his book was, and you wonder what else he has published, and how good it is.  The problem - you can't demonstrate how good literature is in a 90 minute movie.  So you have to believe that Connery is that good, because they're never going to prove it through prose.<br/>Brown does something similar when he spends an entire novel debunking orthodoxy while lauding gnosticism that he refuses to explain.<br/>It's a secret.  If I tell you I'll have to kill you.<br/>Yeah, right.  I find the novel arrogant.  I had to exert will power to finish the book after the third time one of his characters pontificated on how `simple minds actually take the Bible literally.'  What does he mean by literally?  Well, for starters he's not just talking about believing in a seven day creation, or a literal flood, or some other doctrine typically held by fire-breathing fundamentalists.  He extends it to include believing in a literal resurrection, a literal Christ, etc..  He places Jesus on the same level as Mohammed and some obscure prophets from religions known only by Harvard anthropology professors, in spite of the fact that they teach contradictory things.  (e.g. did Jesus die on the cross?  Koran says no, Bible says yes.  It can't be both.  Was he resurrected?  Koran, no, Bible, yes.  They can't both be correct.  And the entire religion of Christianity hangs on the answer to these.  They are not trivial doctrinal issues.)  Jesus (and Mohammed) for Brown are just good folks who had a better grasp on some grand ancient mystery than most people.  Unfortunately most of their followers have twisted their teachings by actually believing them, rather than grasping the enigma behind what they actually taught.  Oh - if only Brown had gone so far as to draw a cartoon of Mohammed, we might be spared some future experiment in thrashing Orthodoxy!<br/>Such is gnosticism redressed, a heresy dealt with centuries ago by the early church.  It basically says, "I have a secret, and if you have the secret, you can know salvation.  But to really be saved, you have to know the secret.<br/>So I find it arrogant and frustrating that he insults Christians (and most other faiths) for being simple-minded because they believe their Scriptures.  If you shoot down one answer, you should at least offer your alternative.  He doesn't.  Instead he offers vague references to some hidden mystery.  He can't disclose the mystery because he misses the point.<br/>Christianity is a mystery.  The Logos he refers to is certainly mysterious, but not in the way he intends.  He is guilty of his own lust for enigma, claiming Christians were staring straight at the answer and yet miss it.  I would say this is the case for Mr. Brown, since we stare at the mystery and walk away with the answer.  He twists the mystery and walks away with another mystery of another mystery of another...  He walks away with air.  Nothing.  Gnosticism.  Humanism.  Weak philosophies build on shaky foundations.<br/>Still, it could be a good book if you took all the empty philosophical trash out of it, built more complicated characters, and adapted the setting to more accurately reflect a really cool capital city.
 Another typical Dan Brown book, this time leading us on a 10 hour tour of Washington DC's monuments and their ancient symbology.  The capital comes to life as Brown describes in exquisite detail the nation's monuments and the artwork found within.  This aspect of the book is always what I have found most fascinating in his novel, and The Lost Symbol did not disappoint in this regard.  Langdon's long time friend and mentor, Peter Soloman, has summoned him to Washington to speak at a conference.  Much to Langdon's suprise, when he arrives he finds that a mysterious man has kidnapped Peter and was actually the one to invite him, but not to speak at a conference, but to solve an ancient mystery in exchange for Peter's life.<br/><br/>I was disappointed a little by Robert Langdon himself. I'm getting a bit tired of his character.  I enjoyed him in Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code, but he has not grown thoughout these stories and he needs a little something extra added to his character if Brown intends to continue the series.<br/><br/>The journey through the capital is fast paced and draws you in, I had a hard time putting the book down when I needed to.  The cast of characters are wonderful, but the suprise twist is was a little too easy to figure out if you paid attention.  While I greatly enjoyed the story, the last 50 pages or so seemed more like an addition to the story after the fact.  They did not quite fit with the rest of the story and kind of ruined the ending for me.
 ..the Da Vinci Code and even Angels and Demons. Maybe it was the pedestrian atmosphere of DC compared to the historical intrigue of Paris, London and the Vatican. Maybe the implications of discovering/revelation of the 'Ancient Secrets' in the Lost Symbol is pale compared to the fidelity of the ideals of Western Civilization or the destruction of the Vatican/RC Church. Prominent US leaders acting like drunken frat boys at a cult meeting? Maybe cable coverage for a week? And the role of Katherine is murky, as opposed to Sophie and Vittoria, who are intricately linked to the plot. She is a researcher in Noetics, the science of the mind, and the main plot is based on the Masonic tradition of symbols and codes, and why is Mal'akh so obsessed with her and her work? She had nothing to do with his past and her lab was unrelated to his quest, which is even murkier. What was his ultimate goal? We do not really know, even at the end, unlike Silas or the Carmelengo. Maybe the Masons (Ben Franklin and Harry Truman?) just do not evoke darkly mysterious images, like the Templars, Priory of Scion, Opus Dei or the Illuminatti. Maybe the Secret Word does not galvanize the imagination as much as the Holy Grail or anti-matter. Maybe the Melancholia cannot match up with the Mona Lisa or the Last Supper. So, Let's all 'hope' that DB and the professor earns a better grade next time, and especially, that Tom Hanks passes on this one.
 I listened to almost all of the book on cd.  Thank goodness the action was so slow I could leave the room, take a phone call, do chores, etc and not really miss any action.  I must admit after 16+ hours of listening to repeat after repeat of the same old clap trap I put it back in the folder on disc 14.<br/><br/>How stupid does Brown think his average reader to be?  My goodness, I've not experienced such repetition since - "Run, Spot, Run".  On the topic of the author assuming his readers to be of below average IQ, who but a blind person would not see through the make up on the villain?<br/><br/>Was the author getting paid by  the word and he lost his thesaurus so he had to keep repeating the same phrases?  Perhaps it was revealed on one of my ventures out of the room but what was the purpose of hacking the code?  What was the importance, if any, of the code in the CIA statue?  Why did they even need Langdon if Peter knew all?  Other than money, why did the author even bother writing such a lame book?<br/><br/>If you are thinking about reading this book or listening to it on cd I would recommend your local library or the vast number of used copies available.  I would not want to put any money in the author's pocket for such a lame work.  The only bright spot - in today's reading market many more people are reading books on Kindle so at least fewer trees are being destroyed to print books like this.
 I have a love and hate sort of view of Dan Brown's talents.  I find his writing style less suitable for novels but rather for movie scripts.  But until this nonsense (Lost Symbol), at least I enjoyed the stories themselves, if not the way they were written.  That said, there's a lot to dislike about this book, and not only for the way it's written, but for the multitude of simple nonsense he seems to throw it there just so that he can keep the story together.  I'm going to make this short and sweet, but first, let me be clear: this book was a pain to read!  I gave up on it at some points, simply because I didn't want to waste my time on a book that seemed to be written for no other reason but to make the author money.  There's no substance to this novel, no "character".  Everything is formulaic, artificial - no spirit - it's full of empty promises.  The Da Vinci Code had everything going for it, good story, good twists, good character development, good "flow" - great facts and highly entertaining misinformation (it's all good, because it was done masterfully), and all those pretty much made up for Brown's mediocre writing skills.  But in the Lost Symbol, it just doesn't come together at all.  He tries, in fact, he tries so hard it's clearly noticeable and that takes away from the magic.  The characters, including Langdon, have been made stupid!  Sometimes you'll forget he's supposed to be a respected university professor who actually knows a thing or two about his field...but, in this book, he's just like a first year student more eager than experienced!  In any event, that's not even so bad, but one thing that really annoyed me to no end **SPOILER starting--&gt; was how a man's hand was cut off, by a non-professional, and yet he can march around Washington at the end acting like nothing happened. It almost seemed like the author and the editor both forgot about that!  I don't know about the Masons, but as for us ordinary folk, if our hand was cut off by some lunatic, I'd probably die from loss of blood, or have some major issues and at the first opportunity I'd be in surgery - but no, according to Mr. Brown, it was OK for his character to show Langdon around Washington as if he wasn't missing a hand &lt;--end of SPOILER**.  And that was just one of the silly mistakes that made this book resemble a teen-suspense book.  The next Brown book I'll just borrow from the library, after the Lost Symbol, he's not getting my money!
 Did no one notice that Dan Brown has Langdon carrying around about 200 pounds of stuff as if it were his lunch?  There were so many beyond belief situations, none of which had to do with mystical anything.  In almost every chapter Dan expects us to buy some wildly improbably or downright impossible situation even as little as DC has cabs with separation between the driver and the passengers that magically allows the Driver to hold conversations that the passengers can't hear, but at the same time not only can the the driver hear everything in the back but so can someone listing in on a cell phone place on the dash board.  I mean this goes beyond physics.  That said, and in spite of really bad pacing, there were moments I enjoyed, moments that made me tense, let's just say there were moments. But to enjoy them I had to really really push my suspension of disbelief to the limit.<br/><br/>My advice: Dan get rid of your editor.  He or she totally sucked at the job.  You should have been made aware of so many things like annoyingly redundant themes, long unnecessary passages, the fact that the book was really mediocre.  I don't blame you Dan, you were under a lot of pressure and with a great editor this could have been a really good book. I'm a best selling author myself and totally depend on my editors to make me shine.  Yours did not.
 I read this book with my laptop close by.  I would often stop reading and Google a person, place, phrase, or word that I found interesting in the novel.  I learned a great deal.  I felt like I was in college again, being presented with worldly knowledge of which I was quite naive.  There is much we don't know and unless we stumble upon it, we never will.  From that perspective, I found the book to be an eye-opener for me.  From the literary standpoint, it was like an old serial that was shown in the movie theaters when I was a young girl.  You couldn't wait til next week to find out how the hero was going to save the young woman who was tied to the railroad tracks.  Improbable situations yet always an escape.  Roadblocks, tension, screwdrivers in the throat, trip wires, death, intrigue...it is all there.  However, intelligent people walk into the most obvious of traps.  The villain is the son, morphed into pure evil.  A very nasty demon and the question is why? how? ugh.  Because the book created a fire to learn things I did not know, I liked it. (5 stars)  From the literary focus, not so much. (1 star)  So, I give the book 3 stars but I won't read it again and will probably give the book away.
 I loved Angels &amp; Demons, Da Vinci Code, and Deception Point. This book however, was a different story.<br/><br/>Most of the detailed reviews (esp the one by Garvinstomp) have covered it:<br/>- The ultimate reveal is pathetic. In fact, it's not really a reveal at all. Throughout the entire book, Langdon tries decipher a pyramid object that promises to reveal an "ancient mystery", the source of a great wonderful knowledge, one that the Masonic society has closely guarded for generations. When you finally realize what this wonderful knowledge is, you can't help but wonder: really? Hardly worth guarding with your life. And unlike the other Brown novels, there isn't any big "twist" at the end either to give you a sense of satisfaction at having finished the book.<br/><br/>- Why is noetic science even in this plot? It barely has anything do with the main plot. Take it out and get rid of half of the useless words.<br/><br/>- Seriously, do yourself a favor and read the plot summary on wikipedia. That is all the "meat" in the book (the rest is mostly frivolous details like how many bulbs were in a chandelier, or the color of the doorknob). Then decide if you want to read 500 pages to find THAT out. You'll thank me.<br/><br/>- Overall, the plot is SLOW, the characters spend too much time in very few locations (unlike the other two Langdon books where he kept running around, here they simply talk, and the author fills the gaps with descriptions of the surroundings I couldn't care less about), and the ending isn't much of an ending at all.<br/><br/>It really feels as if Dan Brown has run out of mysterious symbols and ancient legends to make stories out of. Unfortunately, he really doesn't need any of that to make a good story (think Deception Point). Instead he attempted to cash out on the Da Vinci code fame by continuing the here-are-some-more-startling-ancient-myths-that-are-true-and-have-shocking-consequences theme. Unfortunately, the glaring lack of material and substance showed.
 I can't say that it was unexpected, but there really is only so much you can deviate from the same plotline. All of Brown's books in the Langdon series do the same thing: 1) Robert is retrieved from his comfortable life to help some huge organization to keep the world from ending; 2) Robert meets up with an intelligent, attractive woman whose help he will need; 3) things look like they won't turn out well, Robert and his companion are almost captured, and they think one of the good guys is a bad guy,but turns out they're wrong; 4) things DO work out and the good guys win, and the reader is "surprised" by someone on the inside whom Langdon did not suspect; 5) Langdon is left with a potential new love interest and some horrible secret that he can never tell anyone, EVER.<br/><br/>However, were I to never have read any of the other Langdon books, I would say this was a fantastic page-turner! The plot is well paced and the amount of research that goes into it to make it a believable story gives me butterflies. The characters are well developed and I am satisfied that I spent the time I did reading. Ungortunately, I did end up feeling like the book ended too quickly and the plot was easily confused with the other books in the series.
 Reading The Lost Symbol, you get the feeling that Dan Brown had a closet full of research that he really needed to clean out. Unfortunately, you also get the feeling that he took all that research, taped the pages together by whatever handfuls he happened to grab and said "show me the money!" The Lost Symbol is a stellar success on that count.<br/><br/>Brown has written the same book three times now. Even fans admit that Angels &amp; Demons, The DaVinci Code and The Lost Symbol have the same basic characters, the same plot outline and the same twists. Brown only picks up his plotting framework and moves it to a different philosophical location; the Illuminati, the Catholic Church, the Masons. But he's quickly running out of steam. In The Lost Symbol, the characters are shallow, the plot outline is jagged and the twists are limp. The characters' motivations are insipid (Oedipal revenge and blackmail) and their relevance to the story is tenuous (what does Noetics have to do with anything?) If he continues writing on this downward trajectory, his next novel will be about Robert Langdon trying to decipher the inscription on a Carvel ice cream cake while pondering whether Cookie Puss represents the Maiden, the Matron or the Crone.<br/><br/>The story's biggest thrill comes when Robert Langdon dies at about the 2/3 mark. For a few short chapters I thought that Brown had decided to take the franchise in a boldly new direction or at least forestall his publisher's howling for the next Robert Langdon novel; The Carvel Cake Codex. But Langdon is revived.<br/><br/>Browns biggest error is the extended denouement. After various characters harangue Langdon about the Masonic steps and power words he's been chasing being absolutely, 100% real, it's revealed that yes, the steps are real. The words; not so much, unless you really, really believe. If you were ever disappointed that your parents insisted that Santa Claus was real as you wondered why he wore daddy's boots and pinched mommy's butt, you'll know the letdown. This long-winded windup takes place after different players have had their hand amputated and most of their blood drained by a crazed, illustrated lunatic. It would not be the time I'd decide to do some early morning sightseeing in Washington. The closest hospital might be the next logical choice. And after all the chasing, black SUVs, helicopters, explosions and paid overtime, I'm sure the CIA would want a serious debriefing with the major players too. No sightseeing for at least a week while you sign statements and fill out paperwork.<br/><br/>Let's not reward Dan Brown any further for this book. He's already wrung mega-millions out of a single somewhat-better-than-mediocre idea. With as many copies as are already floating around out there, it will soon find it's way into your local Goodwill or thrift store. Buy it there if you haven't already read it. Let's all help Robert Langdon retire.
 Thanks to success of his last novel, Dan Brown has achieved the ability to do whatever he wants as a writer. The publisher will be happy just to have a novel with his name on it to sell books.  I have to believe this because I can't think any editor wouldn't hand this 509 page novel back to the writer and say, cut the fat out...about 100-150 pages worth.<br/><br/>Brown isn't a very good writer to begin with and I don't see any improvement in this novel. The characters are wooden and are not too bright or at least don't do very intelligent things considering how smart Brown makes them out to be.  There was one big twist towards the end that caught me off guard but I honestly don't know if that's because the book disinterested me so much up to that point that I didn't see it coming or because Brown was that good at getting one past me.<br/><br/>The overall Story was okay, how he got from point A to D I had a problem with and of course, the length of the novel. I don't mind that if a novel is over 500 pages long but at least make me think the 500 pages were needed to tell the story.  I had about 30 pages left of the novel and I said out loud, end this novel already.<br/><br/>To each their own but I won't be picking up the next Langdon novel.  I'll wait for the movie.
 As many reviewers, I couldn't wait to seek my teeth into this book, especially after loving The DiVinci Code.  However, I have major problems with the book and beware, there are SPOILERS in this review.<br/><br/>First off, as many have said, the book is way too long and very poorly edited.  At the beginning, in Robert's classroom scene, one of his students declares something to be "awesome."  Langdon rolls his eyes and wishes that the word could somehow be obliterated.  Then, several chapters later, as he is describing the pyramid, he actually says "awesome power."  Also, when Katherine belives she is actually measuring the weight of a soul, was my biggest "are you kidding me."  She "proved" that before someone died, he was one weight, but then after death, he was just this much lighter, proving that she weighed a soul.  Well, I am no physician, scientist,but when you die, all of your body fluid is released--wouldn't that be the reason for the change in weight.  That was RIDICULOUS!  As were many other things too numerous to name, although I was disappointed when Katherine didn't use her power of noetic science to get herself out of the wire and leather that bound her.  She also lost a lot of blood, but as soon as she was rescued, off she was bounding off to the next clue.  And I don't know about you, but if I was placed in a sensory deprivation tank, even for a minute, I would not have my wits about me to travel through DC in the middle of the night to solve a puzzle.  And Langdon was in that chamber for quite some time, but he was able to do this. Oh, and the---well, enough said.  I could go on for pages.  Ah, maybe it's just me, but I'm done with Dan Brown.
 An enjoyable read for those who like Dan Brown novels. Perhaps not as exotic and The Da Vinci Code but none the less contain similar elements that make you want to read the next chapter.<br/><br/>Set in Washington D.C. with the conspiratorial back drop of the Masons the story follows a similar line to previous Brown books. IT gets straight into the action and then follows a familiar path as the story unfolds and characters search for clues to a seemingly never ending number of puzzles.<br/><br/>There are plenty of interest conspiratorial topics mentioned in the book that add flavour. Unfortunately some of the location seems a bit synthetic, even though they aren't, but this is where the novel perhaps lacks the exoticness of The Da Vinci Code with is grand European locations. These still create an intriguing backdrop that does make you want to read more and reveal the secrets of the plot line.<br/><br/>The book is easy to read if not a little long. It is very much in the style and plot of Brown's previous work, especially The Da Vinci Code. This however, does not detract from its enjoyment. An entertaining and enticing read but perhaps the plot line is now becoming a little worn.
 I don't normally write reviews, but mostly because writing isn't my thing.  I leave it to the professionals and the pretentious. I have to say, having seen the reviews I had low expectations.  My wife received the book as a gift when it was first released and I left it sitting ever since as I was dumb enough to think the fact that there are more 1 star reviews here than 5 star reviews meant this would be a horrible read.  I could not have been more wrong.  It did take me a little longer to get hooked, but I am a busy stay at home dad and I don't have a lot of time to read, but once I was hooked that was it.<br/><br/>As an Agnostic I could identify with Langdon's skepticism, although yes, at times the writing and dialogue are corny.  But I can look past a lot of that.  I often have a hard time reading something with an emphasis on "faith".  For me what I enjoy about Dan Brown's books are less about the characters and their development, and more about the research he does do present facts in an exciting way.  I have serious doubts that Noetic science is what I read in this book and that there is quantifiable evidence that can prove the existence of God or the benefits of group consciousness.  What I did and do enjoy is learning about the Masonic history of our forefathers.  I know it's just scratching the surface, but his books always lead me to the library to attempt to learn more.  Just looking up a few things from his books always provides evidence that his stories do have a factual basis.<br/><br/>Basically I'm saying that if you haven't read this, do yourself a favor.  Apparently if you're one to critique writing styles you may not enjoy it.  Personally, I have a background in mathematics and am more of an analytical thinker.  I am not one to analyze something as useless as proper grammar (don't get me wrong, grammar has its place, but it's the subjectivity in its development that annoys me unlike mathematics)or writing style or whatever other reasons so many have given to lead to the undeservedly(IMHO) poor reviews.  I think many people just wanted to ding him because of the success of his other famous novels.  This book is by no means perfect and it's not something I would read a second time, but I definitely feel it was worth my time.
 I love Dan Brown's thrillers, but this isn't one of his better books. It has several problems:<br/>1. Why is almost every chapter one scene long? That's not how chapters work.<br/>2. All the women, except Inoue Sato, are too stupid to live.<br/>3. There are countless flashbacks, lectures, and side stories that contribute nothing to the story.<br/>4. The main villain, Mal'akh, is ridiculously over-the-top. He comes off as a cartoon villain and you just want to groan every time he makes an appearance.<br/>5. This book is very hard to follow.<br/>It does have some good bits, but they're not enough to redeem this book. Skip.
 The first quarter or so of this book seemed pretty entertaining, &amp; hinted at a truly dark, sinister, ominous plot against America.<br/><br/>By roughly the halfway mark, I was beginning to feel as if all of the myriad historical explanations were there for the sake of being there -- sort of a "show off" of historical knowledge, so to speak.<br/><br/>When I found out what the "dire national security crisis" was, I had two reactions. The first was, "You're kidding, right? Who the heck would care so much about THAT???" My second reaction was, "Wait a minute ... just how did the CIA find out about this to begin with???"<br/><br/>The denouement from that point on was dull, page-skipping thriller-fare. The final ending provoked no sense of wonderment or fascination, at least not for me. The Noetics Science subplot was left hanging, unresolved &amp; "out there", perhaps for a future book to exploit, but because of that seemed like a gigantic waste of page space &amp; a great deal of padding, particularly considering that it was never fully explained why it was a threat to the villain's plot. The villain's true identity, when exposed, left me unconvinced as well.<br/><br/>IMO, Steve Berry is entirely superior to Dan Brown.
 While I enjoyed the Masonic history, I closed this book never having even a smidgeon of feeling for the characters. I simply never cared that Peter Solomon had his "blank blanked blank" (Don't want to spoil.) Katherine was cardboard to me. The two characters who stood out the most had the shortest appearances, the lab helper and the hacker. They seemed real. Even the bad buy - I felt a bit sorry for him based on why he turned out the way he did. (Can I be LESS spoilish?)  I read books for characters - and no one in The Symbol touched me at all.<br/><br/>Also, it was too darn long. I got tired of explanations. And the closed spaces in which Langdon's claustrophobia was tested. He sailed through every one of them, so I don't think he's actually claustrophobic, right?<br/><br/>I just finished "The Doomsday Key" and it was a similar thriller - but the reason for the thrill was excellent and the characters were fleshed out.  Check it out.<br/><br/>I read The Symbol in an old fashioned hardcover. Thank God. I'd have broken my page turning finger on my Kindle as I sped through the pages.
 If you are a Dan Brown fan, you will find the book to be a page turner.  For that, I give the author credit.  No, it's not as good as the Da Vinci Code but the book reads with the same kind of suspense and clue hunting.  Some notes -<br/><br/>-the characters and situations are just too similar to the other Langdon stories.  You have the older friend of Langdon's, a terrifying psycho, the woman companion - it's all the same.  It's almost like taking the same characters and just writing a different story.<br/><br/>-the deciphering of clues is not bad, but fails in comparison to Davinci Code.  At times it can almost seem like a rip-off of the same type of clue finding.<br/><br/>-there are a few major directions Brown goes in, taking much time to explain it all, that end up not having anything to do with the plot<br/><br/>-the ending, without giving it away, just leaves you with the sense of "that's it?"  I can't even begin to describe how much suspense and power that Brown builds up in the story, only to let it fizzle out almost completely.  As a reader I was left to feel very underwhelmed.<br/><br/>-Overall, the book was compelling and was an easy read.  Having finished it though, I'm just disappointed - kinda like a kid who gets promised a new bike for Xmas but ends up getting a pair of socks instead.
 Admittedly I don't read a lot of modern novels. But the Langdon series has me hooked. This book in particular, taught me all kinds of stuff, or at least, raised all kinds of interesting questions to consider. It also had a great villain and back story, and an intriguing, suspenseful plot along with the history of masonry, America and more. Even after the finale of the story, the rest of the "wind down" ending of the book was even more interesting than the rest. Overall great. A bit long at times, but worth it. Bravo Mr. Brown.
 Dan Brown's books are very formulaic. They all have Robert Langdon and some female who has some relation to an old man who somebody is after to harm. Robert has to decipher codes throughout a city in order to save the world. There were a lot of page turner moments, but I got bored with the structure of the book being the exact same as all his other books. It's a little far fetched, but thought provoking. I give Dan Brown a ton of credit for his extensive knowledge on the topics he writes about. It's impressive.
 Well, Dan Brown has stuck to his formula and taken us on another rollicking and exhausting adventure (a year's worth of action in less than 24 hours)with Harvard symbologist Robert Landon as he managed to get himself in the crosshairs of both the CIA and a demented psychopath. The psychopath thinks Langdon can help him find an ancient Masonic symbol hidden somewhere in Washington, DC. He wants it to achieve ultimate wisdom and power he believes are promised in Ancient Wisdom writings passed down through the elite leadership of the Masonic order. He has kidnapped Masonic leader and Langdon mentor, Peter Solomon, and Langdon, in concert with Peter's scientist sister, Katherine, must try to stay ahead of the killer and find their own answers to the puzzle.<br/><br/>What redeems this otherwise unlikely drama is the interesting weaving of supposedly factual information about the Masons, their secrets and hidden history, and a tantalizing array of theological and mystical truths and legends about symbols, mathematical puzzles and riddles, and the role they played in the lives of actual people such as George Washington, Isaac Newton, Leonardo da Vinci, and others.<br/><br/>If you liked the Da Vinci code, you'll probably like this too.
 I just finished The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown, one of those writers who keep your interest. I have enjoyed his first four books immensely.<br/><br/>I had a bad feeling about the fifth book before it was published. It took a long time to write. This often indicates that the book was laborious to write. When I write something about a subject, I like it to flow like a stream bolstered by major rainfall. The Lost Symbol did not flow out of Dan Brown's mind easily and smoothly. Its gestation was more like a tough pregnancy ending with severe labor pains. The results were all the worse for the stretching and pushing to bring it to term and deliver it.<br/><br/>After a mega-masterpiece like The Da Vinci Code, the next book would have to meet very high standards to be favorably compared with its predecessor. Pressure and great art sometimes do not go together. While purely fictional books like Digital Fortress, Deception Point and Angels &amp; Demons were excellent, his success with The Da Vinci Code, a book that blends credible and controversial historical events and "what ifs" together with fiction, meant that his editors and his public would be looking for more of the same. This was apparently not a realistic expectation. The Da Vinci Code was a one-time breakout novel with popularity matching or exceeding the masterpiece Gone with The Wind by Margaret Mitchell, the only novel she ever published. Ms. Mitchell knew publishing anything after that novel would just dim her historical achievement. Dan Brown probably felt the same pressure but financially found it an irresistible feat he would have to attempt.<br/><br/>The Lost Code was over five hundred pages. The excellent writing style of Dan Brown compelled me to read the first four hundred pages with great excitement. These pages flew by in a two evening session. Even at this point I felt there was no credible end game for his plot to top off the previous, intense action. Unfortunately I was right. The last hundred pages were a chore to read. The last fifty pages were truly painful.<br/><br/>The ending was disappointing. No revelations, no glorious wonderment, no historical impact was forthcoming. It lingered and died failing to take the reader to the same level as its predecessor. The attempt fell way short.<br/>It was not without some interesting moments. It did have its share of historical factoids. There will be some readers walking around Washington DC to trace the monuments where the action took place.<br/><br/>Kudos to Dan Brown for the moments which made me want to hop aboard the Washington Metro and visit these places which I have ignored too long, living only five miles from the Capital. At the end I was ready slip my Metro Pass into the "maybe one day department" on my to-do list. The excitement vanished with the end of the novel.
 Too many absurdities must be accepted by the reader. Examples: A bad guy turns out to be one of the character's own son, but the character never suspects it.  The same character's hand is cut off, but he suffers no I'll effects from it and doesn't mind it at all.  The bad guy is angry that his father doesn't bribe his way out of a Turkish prison. Then he bribes his own way out (which he could have done in the first place!) in a ridiculously elaborate scheme by faking his own death. His family accepts the body of the fellow prisoner he had murdered as his body and never suspects they are being scammed. And on and on. Everyone in the book appears to have the IQ of a centipede. Even the FBI, CIA, Capitol Police, etc., act as if it's their first day on the job after graduating from Special Ed.  I know. It's a novel. And I'm more than willing to suspend disbelief, but the Harry Potter books are more realistic and true to their world than this slap-dash effort.
 Forgive me, but I am going to break from my normal format of first offering a short Synopsis of the book, followed by My 2 Cents Worth.<br/><br/>I feel like I just read the same 500 page book for the third time. Just see the summaries of The DaVinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons - the story lines are nearly identical, but in The Lost Code we are in Washington DC discovering the long lost secrets of the Masons instead of the Knights Templar in England, or the Catholic Church in Rome.<br/><br/>"A diabolical madman is threatening to destroy the world's religious orders by exposing the "truth" through a series of secret codes, paintings, rituals, and ancient symbols. At stake is the most significant treasure the world has ever known. If the treasure falls into the hands of the evil one, chaos will ensue, all of the world's religions will be exposed as fraudulent and cease to exist. It is up to Robert Langdon to solve the cryptic riddles and thwart the evil one and stop the human sacrifices." This could preface any of the three books.<br/><br/>Seriously, I respect an author's right to sell his work and become wealthy doing so, but this is a study in redundancy. His formula for selling a blockbuster is much too shallow and transparent, much like the National Treasure movies. The first one was cutting edge and captured the imagination, but the later installments were written and produced for no other reason than to cash-in on the success of the original. We were sold the same story with a different cover.<br/><br/>I can't help but feel like The Lost Symbol was commissioned by Hollywood to support the sequel to The DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons. A screenplay masquerading as a novel.<br/><br/>The most important thing to remember is that all three of these books are works of FICTION. Despite the ingenious marketing campaign that promoted the controversy of Brown's ability to blur the line between Biblical scripture and and conspiracy theory, the entire premise is purely fictional.<br/><br/>I did enjoy the book, as I love the cryptic puzzles; it was a compelling story. However, if you expect The Lost Symbol to be anything other than a repackaging of the first two books, you will surely be disappointed. Save your money.<br/><br/>hardback<br/>528 pages<br/>6 1/4 hours
 I had wanted to read this book since it first came out, but was put off by its three star review average.  But after reading several other books by this author I decided to give this one a try.  It definitely deserves a better rating than what it has been given.  If you have read any of the other books in the Robert Langdon series, then this one fits right in.<br/><br/>Langdon is thrust into a mystery that involves Masonic symbolism and a madman.  But instead of merely regurgitating all the stuff about Masonic symbols in Washington, DC Brown challenges us to view this symbolism as well as the symbolism and parables of the major religions in a different light.<br/><br/>I don't like to give spoilers away in reviews, but suffice it to say that if you liked the DaVinci Code and the other Robert Langdon books you will like this one equally.<br/><br/>4.5 stars
 The Lost Symbol had all the potential to be a book worth printing 5 million copies. I am a big fan of Dan and I jumped at the chance to borrow a friends copy of this book. I started reading it hoping for all the things he has delivered in the last couple Langdon books, unfortunately I found it lacking a bit. Certain scenes served no purpose, through the beginning Langdon seemed kind of pompous as if Dan knew he was successful and through his writing rode on that fame a little. Almost every chapter seems to have a cliff hanger . . . even if the cliff is somewhat small.<br/><br/>"And then he whispered the secret. . . ."<br/><br/>~end of chapter~<br/>~beginning of new chapter~<br/><br/>So and so had no idea what the secret meant ~insert meaningless garble here~.<br/><br/>If we are not going to understand the meaning of the "whispered secret" then why cliff hang? It won't make any sense either way and it will instead irritate us that you made us wait to read nonsense.<br/><br/>Another point of aggravation was his constant soap-boxing for the Masons through the beginning of the book. It seemed he was constantly meeting people that didn't like Masons or distrusted them and he felt the need EVERY TIME to defend the Masons as if he were preaching to the readers through the book. I hate an author that preaches at me through his work. Terry Goodkind did it ALL the time and I don't read him any longer.<br/><br/>Not sure I am going to read the next book. To me there seemed to be little puzzles in this book. I am close to the end of the book now, and some things that could be interesting are happening, but I am feeling not that compelled to read because I just know that there is going to be some pretty absurd un-realistic things happening and I don't want to get to that point.<br/><br/>Not sure what else to say other than his books are starting to be cookie cutter books. Insert dramatic opening, Langdon is arranged to be there somehow, he sees puzzles he is framed (somehow) and then runs from the police through the entire book as he strives to stop some inevitable event that happens within the same day. There is geography, history (which I tend to like in his books even this one), paintings and science. All the same stuff from before. Of course I expected the science and all that, but it is the same structure through the three books. Maybe in the next one, for a change, Langdon won't be a fugitive and will instead work WITH the police instead of following his hero complex.
 My 8 year old asked me what I wanted for Christmas and I wasted no time in saying The Lost Symbol - I loved both the Da Vinci Code and Angel and Demons movies(never read the books) and really looked forward to reading this book and introducing myself to Dan Brown's writing. The book gripped me in the begining - I fell asleep in the middle- and said WTF at the end.<br/><br/>I think everyone before pointed out the obvious flaws in this novel but I am really trying to understand what in God's name I read and it took me a while because I have two young ones. I feel as though someone has played a bad joke on me and I got a dummy copy. This could not be the real book.<br/><br/>Yes it has a few twist and turns but why is the brilliant Robert Langdon so dumbed down in this book? He is supposed to be the hero yet I felt as thought every other character carried him along the over 500 pages. Tom Hanks will never reprise in role for this crap.<br/><br/>And the never ending preaching..........the last few chapters after "the big revelation" were torture to get through - was this part really necessary - it was like a bad Sunday surmon.<br/><br/>I am a life long Catholic and have always questioned certain things in the bible but while reading this novel he had me wondering what exactly he was trying to prove or disprove - what was the point. I knew from looking at the DVC and A&amp;D that there were strong religious links but I think he went overboard with this one - The bible- "the hidden word"- are you kidding me?<br/><br/>I have to say that I did like Mal'akh - he was the only interesting character in this book. He was so messed up you could not help but pitty him. Another thing how was Peter Solomon able to go on a field trip with Robert after being tortured and getting his hand chopped off..........did I miss something?<br/><br/>I think my expectations were too high and now I'm sorely disappointed- but my kids will never know 8)
 *Spoilers ahead*<br/><br/>Keys to writing a Dan Brown story:<br/><br/>1. Secret organization of great power - check<br/>2. Protagonist that is portrayed as smart, but completely inept when in the moment - check<br/>3. Crazed antagonist bent on destroying crucial information which should be made available to the masses - check<br/>4. Hopping from location to location, whilst uncovering a clue that leads to the next location - check<br/>5. Being shown, once again, that the answer was in front of us the whole time, we just didn't SEE it - check<br/>6. Long-winded, overly opinionated statement at end of story regarding #5 - check<br/><br/>Among the myriad of problems with Dan Brown's stories are his constant reliance on convenient, suddenly available and previously non-disclosed areas of escape.  What?  They killer has his prey backed into a corner, ready to pounce?  Wow, luckily there was that access door that nobody knew about behind that tapestry on the wall!  Again, and again, and again, ad nauseum.<br/><br/>If cookie cutter thrillers are you're thing, and you love reading the same story over again, only with different names and locations, then you've found your Holy Grail....er, Lost Word, ....er, ....
 I'm sorry to say that this book was just "ok" for me. I found much of it pedantic and boring and tedious. I skimmed entire chapters, just wanting Brown to get on with the story. Perhaps I'm tired of secret societies and hidden mysteries. I don't have the patience to wait while Langdon works through symbols and codes to get the answer -- oh wait -- that's not all!  There was no universal truth or magical end result in this novel. In addition, it was overly long and could have used some serious editing -- or mass deletion of minuscule detail.<br/><br/>I do not like the cliffhanger chapter endings that Brown used throughout this book. I never developed any kind of empathy or interest in the characters that populated this novel, and even Langdon became annoying as he "almost got it" many times. The revelation at the end was not unexpected and certainly wasn't so exciting that it was worth plodding through the previous 500+ pages.<br/><br/>Parts of the story were interesting, but it seemed as if Brown tried too hard to blend religion and science and the ancient mysteries. Recommend that if you must read it, borrow it! Or better yet, wait for the movie...
 I picked up this book at the airport before leaving Paris.  Upon arriving in the United States, I was almost done with the book.<br/><br/>The author, Dan Brown, structured the chapters to be manageable and short when compared to the entire book.  As you read the chapters and transitioned to another chapter, it is like watching an action movie going from one scene to another.  "The Lost Symbol" starts off intensely and action-packed.  It peaked my interest and kept me reading- going one chapter at a time.  There are some interesting trivial knowledge about Washington D.C. such as the under city below the city.<br/><br/>I read a variety of books ranging from autobiographies, fiction, financial books, etc.  My perspective on reading "The Lost Symbol" is different from those readers who diligently follow Dan Brown's books (e.g. The DaVinci Code, Angels and Demons, etc.).  I can see how some would be disappointed and how some would find this book a great read.<br/><br/>JR Felisilda<br/>Author of the book, "Nanay: Lessons From a Mother"
 I'm a fan of The DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons. I liked Digital Fortress and thought The Lost Symbol would be equally exciting.<br/><br/>It was the best and worst of Dan Brown. His chapters are incredibly short, some are only 2 paragraphs which makes you read more in one sitting, and they usually end in a cliff hanger.<br/><br/>Brown's Robert Langdon is back and this time he's racing around Washington D.C. Langdon is invited to be a guest speaker for a friend from the Smithsonian Institute but when he arrives, the adventure begins.<br/><br/>Taking us for a ride through the monuments and historical D.C., Brown reveals some secrets of the Masons, Christianity and other ancient religions.<br/><br/>Like DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons, Brown takes snippets of religious ideas and tweaks them to create a thrilling post-modern tale of codes, clues, twists and turns.<br/><br/>I found Angels &amp; Demons to be more thrilling and The DaVinci Code to be more interesting, but The Lost Symbol is most certainly worth the read. Get together with friends who like to talk and debate religion and philosophy all night, and this book will be a great guide.<br/><br/>Love him or hate him, Dan Brown knows how to stir up controversy and keep you turning the pages.
 Like about a billion others, I read The Da Vinci Code and really liked it. During a run of very long flights over a period of weeks following my reading of The Da Vinci Code, I proceeded to read Dan Brown's first three novels, and thought they were all just okay. I probably would've given Angels and Demons, Deception Point, and Digital Fortress two or three stars each if I'd reviewed them here. For The Lost Symbol, I had to convince myself not to give it one star, and managed to do so only because I had to give Brown some credit for keeping me interested with all of the information he includes about the Masons. That's it, that's all I got out of this book. The plot twists in this one just didn't work for me; I found myself laughing at what were supposed to be its most intense, emotional situations. Unless Brown's next book features years of research on a topic I just can't help but want to explore, I don't think I'll be reading his future work.
 "Lost Symbol" starts out strong.  It is a quick paced thriller with intellectual stimulation all around.  How could it not be with Robert Langdon at the center?  Unfortunately, toward the end of the book, it stops being quick paced and it stops being a thriller.  About the time you learn the ludicrous reason the CIA is involved (the CIA involvement is not a spoiler--it happens early on), Dan Brown's latest falls into a mess of irrational plot twists and plodding dialogue.  In fact, the plot itself ends many chapters before the epilogue and the book takes on a tedious pseudo-textbook quality (once again, not a good thing).  With the novel alternating between a preachy Sunday sermon and my worst college American History professor, it became a battle of wills between me and Brown--could I actually hang on long enough to finish the book or would Brown's pedantic prose lull me to sleep (in the middle of the afternoon).  I won, if you can call actually finishing a book that had lost all interest to me.<br/><br/>The beginning is good enough to warrant a "not bad rating" with the stars but the end keeps it from being a truly good book.
 The DVC wasn't the 'tough to follow' book, that was Angels and Demons. A&amp;D was an exceptional book, DVC a good book (though the marketing was exceptional). I honestly feel this book is a bit of a disappointment. The repeated use of the hook, disbelief and then the reveal, caused me to give no credibility to events described. So if someone dies, I came to expect they weren't dead as I'd lean later. Most of the time I was right.<br/><br/>At it's core, The Lost Symbol is an endoresement of superstition and mysticism in the form of a novel. Verifiable fact is mixed with legend skillfully, so as to obscure truth, really what superstition and mysticism does best. It's sort of the antithesis of a crucible which burns away the irrelevant and unfounded.<br/><br/>I also felt the love interest in the story does not succeed emotionally as you follow it, it's pale and undefined in it's relationship to he characters.<br/><br/>Since this reveiw is not about Dan Brown (I don't think I could ever write an 'Angels and Demons'), but about the work, The Lost Symbol. If you feel the need for adventure in your life, and a belief in some ill-defined Ancient Wisdon, wrapped up in worship of a diety... this book may be for you. If not, you may, as I did, find its foundations to be the recognizable tribute to superstition.
 This book is the long awaited 3rd book in the Robert Langdon series by Dan Brown. It is NOT the best of the three. It had an interesting premise and lots of plot twists and turns, but also spent a number of pages preaching about certain theories and aspects of the book that made my eyes glaze over. I think that the "bad guy" in this book is the most interesting character as he is truly the one character that moves the plot line along. This book also took significantly longer than the previous two Robert Langdon books to really "hook" the reader.
 One Line Summary: A murky version of the same kind of thing as The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>This is typical Dan Brown...some mind-boggling, world-changing secret needs to be solved by the world's expert...some really insane evil guy wants this secret for himself/herself and has kidnapped etc people close to world expert and needs help from kidnapped person's family etc, namely a brilliant female costar.<br/><br/>It was still an interesting story for the most part. I enjoyed learning a bit more about the Masons and some historical aspects of America's Capital. But overall, it was a disappointment. It was cliche, the story didn't grip me. I pretty much knew what was going to happen before it happened and I never really felt for any of the characters. And the big mystery at the end wasn't that big of a mystery or eureka type moment. I was thinking...that's it? Plus, it was way too long. It could have been at least a hundred pages shorter and the climax wasn't that climatic and the ending kept going and going and going....<br/><br/>I was hoping for more after a fun ride with The Da Vinci Code, but all I got was a boring version of the same thing.
 I have read most of Dan Brown's fiction.  I patiently waited in a library queue of over 500 to read this book.<br/><br/>After reading 10 chapters, I wondered if it was just me or others felt it wasn't as good as the others.  At that point I checked the Amazon reviews, something I rarely do until I finish a book.  It wasn't just me.  It truly is a 3, disappointing.  Poor writing, too much, and too pompous.  For example, this line in chapter 2, "The towering young man moved down the corridor past priceless Italian antiques - a Piranesi etching, a Savonarola chair, a silver Bugarini oil lamp." The whole book has lots of extra words and big words.  The majority of the time, I could guess what was going to happen to the main characters.  There are lots of larger than life themes that get tangled up and are somewhat straighten out in the end but not all.  I also had a déjà vu  around this book and National Treasure.  At times, I imagined it Nicholas Cage running around DC solving these mysteries.<br/><br/>I did finish the book, because of the fascinating tidbits of information and puzzles and to see how it would be tied together at the end.
 My biggest complaint with Dan Brown's novels is that they are all incredibly formulaic. I literally think Brown uses the same outline for all of his books and just drops in different characters, cities, and mysterious codes. "The Lost Symbol" is no exception. This time, Harvard professor and renowned symbolygist Robert Langdon is summoned to Washington, D.C., at the request of an old friend. However, another force is at work behind the scenes, and Robert soon finds himself at the center of yet another mystery that may result in the revelation of information that will change the world.<br/><br/>Despite his lack of plot originality, Brown's novels are all incredibly entertaining and intriguing, and "The Lost Symbol" is no exception. This was a very enjoyable book to read, although I figured out much of the ending in advance just by recalling different elements of Brown's previous books. I was impressed by the twist the book seemed to take with about 100 or so pages to go, but then the author took the easy way out, losing a bit of my respect. Still, I may be critical, but I'm also a fan of these books because they're suspenseful and a lot of fun to read. Fans of "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" will not be disappointed.
 Woody Allen once commented that he didn't believe in reincarnation, because then he would have to go to another Ice Show.  Dan Brown believes in everything...or at least sells it in his novels.  You have to hand it to him...he really works hard to achieve verisimilitude.  The multitude of factoids he gathers about Washington D.C. and the Masonic Order are impressive, almost as impressive as his monumental ignorance of Christian tradition, stretching back to the Da Vinci disaster.  The book is a fast-paced thriller, alas,  with many of the same character types...the sexually crippled spook-villain, the overbearing and bullying bureaucrat (this time a CIA director, of course).  I am glad I don't believe in reincarnation, because then I would have to read another Dan Brown tome.
 This is a great book to read on planes and in airports waiting for connecting flights. The 'twists' were obvious, I'd figured them all out in the beginning and the characters were a bit stereotypical. However, although a little unbelievable as all of this happened in one night (how many hours in a night do they have in DC?)it was still a sort-of-a page-turner that kept you from being bored on a day where you had to catch three flights.<br/>Dan Brown is sticking to his recipe which saw him achieve great success with the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons. He knows what makes him money and you can't criticize him for that. Many people complain about his poor writing, but that isn't what stopped me from really liking this book. Honestly, his writing isn't too different from that of many other authors out there. It was the improbability of his plot which killed it for me. But that said, it was still an entertaining airport read, and better than sitting watching all the people walk past.
 I kind of feel sorry for Dan Brown.  He had to write a follow up to The Da Vinci Code, and we all know that it was probably not an easy task.  I think he did a pretty good job of it for the most part.  I loved how this one was set in the US, and not just the US, but Washington D.C.  The historical and landmark facts in this book are nothing short of astounding.  It never fails to amaze me how religious the founding fathers really were and how much of those beliefs are worked into our government.  One thing is for sure, this book really made me want to visit our nation's capitol.  I also enjoyed the mystery, twists and turns in this one.  Dan Brown really knows how to keep you guessing until the very end.  But (and sadly there is that but), I felt the overall message delivered in this one was a bit heavy-handed and over the top.  And the descriptions of the "Ancient Mysteries" left me rather bored at times.  It just wasn't as believable as his previous books.  I never had that moment that made me question all the things I've been taught (which I did with Da Vinci Code).  Still, a great read for those who like his previous works, but I would not expect it to wow you like the others did
 Symbologist Robert Langdon is once again called out on a mission, but this time it seems for an innocuous reason. Of course, it can't be, or there would be no new novel. There is not much new here, other than the setting in DC and its monuments. Langdon is plunged into a maelstrom of a hunt for a deranged, sadomasochistic villain who is close to learning the Masonic secret of the universe and will probably use it for no good. Because "symbologism" is such an intellectual topic, every time a new clue pops up, it's necessary for Langdon to run a mini seminar, which breaks into the action and the tension. As usual, his cohort on this wild chase is an attractive, brainy woman, but at least in this go-round, she's middle aged like Langdon.<br/><br/>If I hadn't already read Da Vinci and Angels, I'd probably have enjoyed Symbol more than I did. This book is better than most of the clones cranked out by others have been, Langdon is a very engaging protagonist, and lots of the material he deals with is fascinating. For that reason, I was tempted to rate it 4 stars, but settled for three.  But I do hope that Brown breaks out of this mold next time around.
 Compared to Dan Brown's previous books, the "Lost Symbol" was a let down.  I'm not saying I didn't enjoy it: I did, and read it to the end, but it is an "airplane/train ride" kind of book. Read it, toss it. The characters do not seem real, particularly the "bad guy".  There is some action but it follows the same pattern as in Brown's previous novels, as if he had used the same template over and over again. It wasn't exactly fun to read either. (To use an expression from the Thai language: it is not "sanuk"!) There was too much information packed into what should have been a entertaining novel, not a treatise on the Founding Fathers. To me, it was like reading a guidebook to Washington DC, a pamphlet on Noetic Sciences, and my 6 year old's "Jack and Annie" series all in one. Informative, but not living up to the hype.<br/><br/>On the bright side, the book contains many fascinating facts about our capital's monuments.  If you are interested in such things, this is the book for you.  If it is fun, well researched historical novels that you are after, then I'd recommend Will Smith, William Dietrich or Steve Berry.
 I enjoyed this book, but solely for the symbology and noetic science. Dan Brown did a decent job with the plot and 'puzzle' that it hinges on, but that in and of itself would not have held my interest. Certainly the characters and writing are passable at best (although to be fair, certainly no worse than many pop fiction writers out there.) So, the occult history and symbol-reading was really the only thing that made this book worth reading in my eyes, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone not interested in that (just as I wouldn't recommend his other books to anyone not interested in alternative views of the Catholic Church.)<br/><br/>Of course, this can't be considered history. What Mr. Brown does well is comb alternative history and conspiracy theories for ideas, and spin them into a compelling web. In this case, he brings in some popular New Age ideas and 2012 theories at the end as well. And I think there are some subtler themes that are of interest, in terms of America's relationship to religion (and visa versa). But all in all, as other reviewers have stated, it gets a bit didactic.
 Well, after reading Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, I thought it would be much better as even more expertise will be gained. However, At the end, after finishing this one, i definitely felt that was very tired and did not receive a sense of accomplishement. I thought it would be much more interesting. However I ould like to mention some aspects of this book. Firstly, I do feel that some chapters should not have been there, because It was difficult to change to the characters on every chapter. In reality, I do consider an Author to have over -tried to include all his knowladge about Masons and etc. It was very disturbing to read so many theoretical information and Malakhs feeling. Well while describing this very character, It comes to my mind that in Da Vinci Code Silas is described in the same way.  The Book, however, made me continue reading because of realizing that I had read Da Vinci Code and I liked the Plot (Not what is there described though) and here at first I thought I was reading Eniclopedia as the Plot did not go smoothly for about 150 pages. (I could have stopped reading if I did not know the writer's popularity)  Well, at the end I can only say that it is not as good as I thought, had thought the finish would be more interesting and amazing.. but no. well, It is still OK.. I will consider his next books
 I honestly congratulate myself for finishing this book. Even with some serious skimming, it took about a week and a half to get to the end. It was almost painful to trudge through the long-winded descriptions and wooden dialogue, but the promise of a great ending (which Dan Brown has delivered before) kept me going.<br/><br/>Oh, how wrong I was!<br/><br/>The secret that the Masons were hiding was probably the dumbest thing I have ever read in a novel, and I've read some stinkers. It just made no sense. At all.<br/><br/>Also, the puzzles weren't as interesting this time around, the characters had really overblown dramatic reactions to every.little.thing, and what's with all the Noetic Science? That Dan Brown would spend so many valuable pages and words expounding on this theoretical science confused and bored the life out of me. The entire concept wasn't well-integrated into the novel and became a throwaway.<br/><br/>There were some interesting pages in the middle, but they were overshadowed by all the not-so-interesting pages everywhere else in the book.<br/><br/>Definitely a skip.. don't worry, you won't miss out on anything special.
 If you weren't a fan of his previous work, then this isn't going to change your mind.  It follows the same pattern of Robert Langdon's previous adventures, combining action/suspense with some plot twists, puzzles and Brown's version of history thrown in for intellectual stimulation.  But I think it's a formula that works well and I've been enjoying it since The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Honestly, I don't think it quite lives up to the last two novels.  I thought that The Da Vinci Code provided a  more interesting story, while Angels &amp; Demons had better pacing and more action.  This book took a little longer to get going and I felt it went on a little longer than necessary after the climax.  But the bulk of it was a great read and shows why Brown is so successful as an author.  He knows how to write a great page-turner and the story telling feels like you're reading the equivalent of a summer-blockbuster.<br/><br/>The only reason I gave this book 4 stars is that I feel giving it 5 would mean it's on par with the previous two-which I feel it's not.  However, it's a great book and something that will keep you flipping through the pages for most of it.
 The Lost Symbol, continues the story of famed symbologist, Robert Langdon. The lovable protagonist is called in again, shrouded in mystery, to help solve one of the longest running myths in American history, and come to the rescue of his long-time mentor. It would make one wonder, why he would even answer his phone! Steeped in "suspense," the reader is lead from the improbable to the impossible, and back again.<br/><br/>This journey starts like many of the Robert Langdon novels. He is swimming. He is contacted by a strange man, with a crazy mission. He joins the crazy mission. He almost dies, somehow doesn't, and finally becomes a hero. Purely formulaic. With that critique out of the way, we can look at some positives.<br/><br/>This book is addictive at times. Once you get into the story it's really hard to put it down. Brown continues to write in an authoritative manner, which makes you believe he honestly knows what he's talking about. That, I think, is the secret for his success, and is his biggest weakness.<br/><br/>The only other complaint I have about this book, is the ending. It goes on 40 pages longer than it should. By the time he reaches page 509, you wish you had something better to occupy your time. It's not his endless psycho-babble that ruins it, but it's the fact that Dan Brown has a serious case of diarrhea of the keys. He has a tendency to use 100 words when 10 would suffice.<br/><br/>I know I've been hard on this book; however, it was an enjoyable read. The story itself is very good, and has enough twists to keep you on the edge of your seat. If you can get past the inaccuracies, and the tedious descriptions you could enjoy this read.
 The premise of using symbols from the Masons sounded clever but in the end, it was done far better in one of those National Treasure movies.  The bad guy was so over the top bad, he was just plain silly!  Robert Langdon was plain tedious -- between the constant references to his claustrophobia or his inability to get with the program about what was happening.  If he said "I don't understand" once, he said it a thousand times -- each and every time he came across something mysterious and out of the ordinary.  You'd think by the fifth or tenth time, he would know he's not in Kansas anymore, but no, I don't understand!  Also, the other main characters are paper thin - one after a horrendous mutilation and loss of a son, still takes the time to explain the still undisclosed mystery to Langdon in the Masonic library -- before thinking of going to the hospital or grieving for his son, or if he didn't care for him -- calling a funeral home.  Listened to it on audio when I had nothing else to do mostly to learn the resolution, which was not very interesting in the end.
 It's suspenseful for sure. It will keep you reading and turning the pages. It also will have you laughing out loud at the ridiculously cheap plot twists that do so. This is an entertaining read, but the writing is really bad. There will be times you think about quitting it due to the hilarious over the top parlor tricks to keep you guessing. If you keep some semblance of an open mind while reading, you'll think to yourself 'this is really not possible, doesn't make sense' many times through out. I thought Dan Brown was a better writer than this. If you can look past all of the inconsistencies and just want a 'cheap action movie, thrill ride' book, go for it.
 I have very mixed feelings about this latest Dan Brown  "blockbuster." As in his other novels, he keeps the suspense alive, and adopts the same technique of having each mini-chapter end on a note of extreme apprehension, so the reader feels compelled to read the next chapter. This book IS a page-turner!<br/><br/> Although the progression of events was quite enthralling, at some point the denouement of the entire drama became rather obvious.  The location of the great world-shattering "Secret" was quite evident for me about 2/3 through the book. And it seemed that the good Professor Langdon, instead of becoming smarter and more perceptive through the series of adventures he had been involved in with previous Dan Brown books (Angels and Demons, and DaVinci Code)  actually became dumber and dumber.<br/><br/> Having been deceived once at the beginning of the story, he easily fell into the "Bad Guy"s  ambush later and seemed to be so myopically bound by his great "expertise" as a vaunted Harvard scholar, that he failed to discern the obvious at many points in the book.<br/><br/> The revelation of the Great Secret near the end was a total flop and it was hard to believe that a group of powerful, aware people (high-level Masons) could dedicate their entire lives to concealing and protecting an age-old "secret" that in the end turned out to be very mundane.<br/><br/> The involvement of the highest levels of the CIA seemed a bit ludicrous. The idea that the Bad Guy could basically overturn the political world as we know it by releasing his video and thus cause a major "national security event" seemed grossly exaggerated once the contents of the video were revealed.<br/><br/> But the participation of the CIA did provide a lot of opportunity for high-speed SUV chases, black helicopter interventions, and special-ops agents doing their thing. I can already imagine a somber-expressioned Tom Hanks careening through the streets of DC trying to forestall the dastardly deeds of the Bad Guy in the next Dan Brown flick.<br/><br/> The very apotheosis of the book quite surprised me (pun here, read book to "get it") --and not in a good way. After all the harrowing events, the revelation of the Secret of the Ages, and the final moment of jubilation and discovery by the exhausted hero and heroine, the latter delivers a pedantic and lengthy lecture to Langdon! All while they are positioned in a kind of cliff-hanger location, awaiting the very last revelation in the book.<br/><br/> I realize that I have panned this book pretty badly. Nonetheless, it raises fascinating questions about the nature of human consciousness and how our consciousness interfaces with the "external" world.  Dan Brown briefly references some amazing discoveries at the frontiers of physics and consciousness studies. And the book as a whole attempts to connect these contemporary discoveries with ancient wisdom.<br/><br/>  As in his other books, Dan Brown is a master of the graphic, dramatic image. The final scene depicting the Bad Guy is absolutely unforgettable. There are also many fascinating facts about architectural "mysteries" around Washington, DC. I am sure any reader who visits DC will see it in a totally different light.<br/><br/> All in all, the book IS entertaining, and for that I will somewhat grudgingly give it 4 stars. But it could have been so much tighter and had vastly more impact. The basic theme of the book---the converging of ancient wisdom with leading-edge science--offers tremendous opportunity for some really powerful storytelling. Hopefully Dan Brown's next book will be better crafted and, if it has Langdon as a protagonist, will show the good Prof getting brighter as he goes along.
 I managed to finish the book only because I figured out pretty early which parts to skim: the pseudoscience, the ridiculously flat character development.  Unfortunately, even though that was most of the book, there were still huge eye-rollers I managed to stumble on.  Descriptions of Langdon's "physique?"  the only female character collapsing in his arms so many times?  the villain's "massive organ?"  Come ON.<br/><br/>There were two or three really interesting parts, like the cat-and-mouse chase in the dark with the ethanol trick.  But all in all, not worth the few hours of my life I wasted on this book, especially because the author's misinformation was sometimes so blatant that it insulted my intelligence.  The "fontanel" described in the book as the sacred place on the top of the head, where the bones are not fused at birth, where the villain wants to tattoo something?  It's not there.  There are two, at front and back of the head, the posterior fontanel and the anterior fontanel.<br/><br/>That error made me lose all interest in whatever "scientific" or philosophical information the book held.  Boo.
 I am a Dan Brown fan and have read The Da Vinci Code 4 times and will definitely read it again after the disappointment I experienced in The Lost Symbol.  I Have had a fascination for the Masonic Order all my life since my father was a 33rd degree mason and was installed as worthy master of his lodge.  He was also a Shriner. He would never answer my questions about masonry which always fueled my fascination.<br/><br/> So here I thought Dan Brown was going to finally answer some of my life long questions and I couldn't have been more thrilled.Brown rambled on and on about The Lost Mysteries and the lost word and the bible being the true vessel of the ancient wisdom. I recently spent several hours reading the bible and I think you can mold your understanding of that great book depending on your personal perspective.  I got caught up in the historical details and of course the psalms and the prophets.  Contrary to many believers, there are other great works of wisdom.  I am not certain if the Masonic Rituals Mr. Brown depicted are accurate or not, but he wrote at the beginning that all the agencies and things he were about to reveal were true. I have to do my own research now for sure.<br/><br/>This was a page turner because the chapters were so short, but the villain, Mal'ok was not entirely believable. and I was disappointed with his great revelation at the end  of his place in the story. He was thoroughly flawed and broken in some perverse way. I think we readers could have done very well without his revelation and accepted him as just a sick and flawed individual.  Robert Langdon was just too obtuse and handled his skepticism poorly He refused to "get it", whatever "it was supposed to be about the symbolon and the codes on the pyramid.<br/><br/>This book is not one I would read again.  I hope Brown's next novel is more believable. I was disappointed overall.<br/><br/>I also thought the ending dragged on at least 40 pages longer than it needed to.  I kept waiting for it to end.  The book could have used some thorough pruning with a grease pencil.
 Pushed through half of it and felt I was being played.  So I went to Chapter 132  second last chapter] and it was more of the same.  Then I read chapter 133  last one] where what this entire book was supposed to be about and it was answered in two sentences.  Wow, did I feel like a fool for staying through 208 pages.  It's like those Internet links where they stop in the middle of a tantalizing sentence where they count on your curiosity to force you to click to another page, and then another, and then another for the click-throughs.  In retrospect the plot was ridiculous.  My first and last Dan Brown book.
 The latest Robert Langdon saga takes place in one day. As per Brown's prior works, things move apace, breakneck speeding along and when it would appear that the novel should reach its climax the reader notices there is a lot of novel left.<br/><br/>Those who seem to find nothing but disparaging comments about this story, all I would say is: it does what it sets out to do, tell the tale and take the reader along for a good, fun ride.<br/><br/>I will not say that I think Mr. Brown is a National Treasure, but I'd rather read him than, say, Nicholas Sparks. (Nothing against Sparks, either: just not my preference.)<br/><br/>There are a few moments that are cause for the scratching of the scalp. One character has a hand amputated (this is not a spoiler, it happens early in the story), and that kind of procedure would be catastrophic, both physically and psychologically speaking, and yet, apparently, even more than Mr. Langdon, this is an ubermensch, capable of leaping such a loss with nary a concern.<br/><br/>To which I say: Okay, then. Whee!! Lay on, MacDuff.<br/><br/>Overall, a good read, perfect for a beach. If you want deep, great literature, you are looking in the wrong direction.
 Let me start by saying I enjoyed The Da Vinci Code. The subject matter was thought provoking, and caused a few ruffles in religious circles. I enjoyed Angels and Demons just as much (I read them backwards...wasn't really aware of Angels and Demons until after I read the Da Vinci Code).<br/><br/>I think the Dan Brown streak has ended with The Lost Symbol. The subject matter just isn't exciting enough for a page-turning type of book. It just isn't. I'm not going to give away any of the plot or "secrets' here, but take my word for it, it just doesn't satisfy. The only reason I read it to the end is because I was hoping for something more. And I didn't get the satisfactory ending I was hoping for. I was kind of expecting it might not be all it was cracked up to be, so I took the book out from the library (don't ask me how I got it the first week....I didn't reserve it, and walked in that week and was able to take it out).<br/><br/>I recommend doing this so you don't waste your money. I really wanted to like it, but I just couldn't take it seriously. I'm not a "basher" of books; if I like it, I will say so. But this one was hard to swallow. Proceed with caution!
 A great new story by the international bestseller Dan Brown.  At 670 pages long, it seems a bit daunting at first; however, it is a very quick read that is hard to put down.  Interesting that the entire novel is about just one evening, which is jam-packed with suspense and intrigue.<br/><br/>Brown's novel gives us understanding of the brotherhood of the Mason's, both past and present.  It also gives some insight into God and religion, in a totally different light.  that keeps you asking questions of your own beliefs, whatever they may be.<br/><br/>The story is set in Washington, D.C. and provides information about the many museums and monuments in the area.  After finishing this book, I am now interested to go and explore that area.<br/><br/>Diana Young - World Traveler and #1 Amazon Best-selling author Financial Fitness For Beginners
 I'm one of those readers who stops reading if not "grabbed" within the first 50 pages. I almost threw this one away. First of all, this centers around the Mason's, a group I don't really care much about and certainly don't fear as a conspiracy of any kind. Most of Brown's books grab and hold me and I care about the characters. I had a lot of trouble caring what happened to any of the characters in this book. The writing is on a par with Ian Fleming's early work and just as silly. The evil is evil, pure and simple, but the good is unclear. Some have called this formulaic and that is pretty accurate. The Da Vinci Code was a good read, of not a great one, and it held me all the way through. The Lost Symbol meanders around and is vague about so many things, including "why should anyone care about this stuff?" The global threat makes no sense because real life is even sillier than this plot. I put it in the summer reading class. It's too bad it didn't come out at the beginning of the summer as it is a good beach read, nothing more.
 Taking certain historical facts to illogical extremes, Dan Brown's newest "thriller" focuses on the influence of Freemasons in American history. Professor Robert Langdon is summoned by his friend Peter Solomon, the overseer of the Smithsonian,to come to speak in Washington. Solomon, however, is kidnapped setting off a frantic search by Langdon for his friend. Throughout the search, Brown dwells on Masonic history, ritual and mysteries. For some reason Langdon is not the only one searching for Solomon. The kidnapping of the culture vulture has somehow triggered a national security investigation by the CIA led personally by a diminutive senior official.<br/><br/>Other than for a few conspiracy theorists, it may be difficult for most to believe any secrets of the Masons could, if disclosed, threaten the security of America. This does not deter Brown who writes endless, formulaic and  breathless chase scenes,  punctuated by ruminations on theological, scientific (the quasi-science of "noetics"), and paranormal topics. As for the supposed actual national security issues, if this is what the CIA is protecting, we need a new CIA.<br/><br/>"Nuff said.
 My Thoughts:<br/><br/>Okay now that you know what Daphne Durham from Amazon.com thought of this book I will give you a little bit of what I thought about Dan Brown's newest book. I want to set up a disclaimer right of the bat, I didn't read the other two books by Mr. Brown, I watched their movie equivalent. That is an important piece of information as I may have not a full outlook on how this series has gone.<br/><br/>I titled this post exactly how I felt about the story. IT WAS A GOOD STORY, however, it was very easy to figure out if you paid halfway attention to it. Maybe that is Mr. Brown's skill, he makes you fell like his main character. Even if you aren't highly educated or super smart you fell that way reading a Dan Brown Novel (or watching it as a movie).<br/><br/>I wanted this book to be mystical, I wanted Dan Brown to finally reveal that the magic stuff in his stories is real...I was let down again. Especially in the last film we are pulled along a path that makes you think...wow he really is going to embrace the supernatural - and then bam! He brings you back to a logical and reasonable world. That is a fun thing, but I really wanted him to let that go with this story.<br/><br/>I wanted the main villain to be a supernatural character, he wasn't. The bad thing is that it didn't take long to figure that out. That is where this book falls apart for me, the fine line of feeling smart but not know what is going to happen next (a perfect thriller feeling) didn't happen. I knew that the main villain was the son, it just made sense. I apologize already  for those of you that didn't figure it out...but it was pretty apparent.<br/><br/>Good things - I loved the Washington D.C. material, learning about all the ins and out of the capital was simply fascinating. If Dan Brown just wrote non-fiction history books...he would still be very successful. I think he should do that, I really do. Dan Brown, if your listening, cross over to the non-fiction side. Sure there isn't as much money involved...but you have made your fortune.<br/><br/>I found the story enjoyable in "The Lost Symbol" but I this isn't amazing material. It is entertainment, and Mr. Brown does a great job of that. Don't think too hard and you are going to be fine.<br/><br/>People's Thoughts:<br/><br/>A Fair Review and Some Advice<br/><br/>A page-turner, but often for the wrong reasons<br/><br/>Life:<br/><br/>So how do you relate what you learn in The Lost Symbol into your life. Well, I found a new research project in studying noetics and superstring theory. In fact this whole book is responsible for taking me down a dark rabbit hole of science and physics. For that I am grateful.<br/><br/>I love it when a work of fiction makes you change something or start to studying something in real life, that shows value. Value is what you look for in fiction. Why read it if it is just non-sense? (Sometimes there is a reason, see  ...] We all have limited time and we need to make sure we aren't spending it on drivel.<br/><br/>3 out of 5!
 I finished the book last night. I found myself skim reading the last fifty pages saying to myself blah, blah,blah. It seems Dan Brown has developed a formula for his novels and he sticks doggedly to it. I mean really, the last two novels brought Langdon back from death, fool me once shame on you; fool me twice shame on me.<br/> In Lost Symbol, Mr. Brown let his research and facts get in the way of the story. There was too much and it went way beyond the climax.He needs to get a better editor or one that's willing to point out the flaws in his novel.<br/>  There were some real plausibility issues at the end of the book. Here we have the Solomons, one drained of most of her blood and the other with a severed hand, both of whom have just seen Peter's son killed by shards of glass, and they decide to take Langdon on a tour of the capitol building? Come on!<br/>  The novel had great potential, but it let me down. It would have been great with a hundred pages taken out and the writing fine tuned. Please don't forget about the your readers, Mr Brown.
 The Lost Symbol is a typical Dan Brown book, particularly a Dan Brown book about symbologist Robert Langdon.  Yes, it is formulaic ... but most authors do have a "formula" they follow.  Is it *too* formulaic? ... well, it's pretty close.<br/><br/>The first 300 pages kept me hooked.  I couldn't put it down and couldn't wait to find out what was going to happen next.  But the final 200 pages were disappointing - different "mood" to the book, dragged in many places, and I just about reached the point where my "willing suspension of disbelief" was about to break.  And I wish I had the ability to "read" emotions in a person's eyes as well as Dan Brown ... anger, violence, fear, anxiety ... all telegraphed solely in the eys.]<br/><br/>As with his previous books, Brown has created an interesting story integrating history, religion, science, art, architecture, etc etc.  There was an interesting "twist" along the way that I didn't see coming (and now I may re-read the book to see if I can 'catch' the twist earlier).  Overall, a pretty good book .... typical Dan Brown.
 Few would argue that Dan Brown is a good writer.  His prose rarely rises above High School level, and he never met a cliche he didn't love.  He constantly inflicts long information dumps on the reader, either through narrative exposition or dialogue.  And his dialogue is laughable; just try reading it aloud--no one ever has or ever will talk like that.  His characters, especially Langdon, hardly ever rise to the two-dimensional level.  Finally, he writes the same novel over and over: Langdon and a female companion are racing through a big city attempting to forestall some terrible disaster and doing battle with a weird adversary.<br/><br/>Still, despite all that, he does manage to create page turners: ANGELS AND DEMONS and THE DA VINCI CODE were hard to put down.<br/><br/>But not THE LOST SYMBOL.  I found myself slogging through this book, wanting it to end, counting how many pages I still had to go.  I found nothing remotely interesting about the plot or the characters.  And boy was the climax a disappointment.  I won't give it away, but the thing that the CIA was desperately trying to prevent happening would not have been a big deal at all if it had happened.  Everyone could have spared themselves the trouble.<br/><br/>I can forgive Brown's poor writing if he keeps me entertained, as he did in his other books.  But I cannot forgive him for boring me to tears.
 The Lost Symbol is the third Dan Brown book about the character Robert Langdon.  Dan Brown books seem to follow a pattern in the Style they are written.  Because of this, if you enjoyed The Da Vinci Code you will probably enjoy The Lost Symbol. The chapters are short making it easy to read the book in small chunks one chapter at a time.  What is lacking is the surprise of the other Robert Langdon stories. Many of the twist and surprises are predictable. The central focus in The Lost Symbol is Washington D.C. and The Masons.  After finishing 1/4 of the book I had already figured out who the villain is and where The Lost Symbol was hidden.  Many of the problems with this book are the same problems the movie versions of the last two Robert Langdon stories and I think that was Dan Brown's intention in order to make the book more movie script friendly. Even though I enjoyed The Lost Symbol, I only gave it three stars because I felt it could have been better if a movie version had not been thought about while writing the book.
 First off, I'd like to say that I am a HUGE fan of the Da Vinci Code. So, like thousand of others, I was thrilled to read Dan Brown's third novel involving Robert Langdon. Let me just tell ya...this book was a TERRIBLE follow up.<br/>This book started out promising, exact same formula as DVC. It wasn't until the middle of the novel that I became completely uninterested. The beginning was OK, but still held my interest. The middle &amp; end.....Complete CRAP! This book's plot was all over the place &amp; there are too many flashback scenes with characters that you don't even care about! Without the pointless flashbacks &amp; POINTLESS explanations/tangents, it would've been 200 pages instead of 500; I probably would've liked it better. I still have no idea what the central theme of this book is! The ending was COMPLETELY lame &amp; such a LET DOWN! The ending was not only beyond stupid, but I ended up w. more questions than answers. I can't believe the people who actually gave it 5 stars! It seems they have fallen under the Dan Brown spell of interesting conspiracy theories. Considering the DVC was published in 2003 &amp; The Lost Symbol in 2009....I feel that 6 years is enough time to write a DECENT novel...not this piece of embarrassment. After DVC, Brown has just gone down hill. He had a hit w. Angels &amp; Demons &amp; DVC...but that's it. This novel not only made me laugh, but it pissed me off at how stupid the entire book was.<br/>If you're thinking of reading this....trust me, DON'T! Save yourself time &amp; Wiki the plot if you want to read it THAT bad. Read Da Vinci Code instead.
 I'd just like to add one small point that baffled me - apart from the troubling points all raised by my fellow 1 star reviewers - why was Mr Solomon (and doctors and everybody) oblivious to the fact that only a few short hours ago, his hand had been removed by somebody unskilled in surgery, yet he seemed to be in no distress at all? The amputated hand was the first supposed shock revelation, yet after wading through a further 300 pages to find out the condition of it's owner, we find he wasn't too troubled by the loss of this limb. Not only not bothered by this, but also more concerned with entertaining Mr Langdon with more Masonic lore even though you would think he'd be in shock, not only from his physical trauma (including repeated drownings), but having witnessed the return of his son from the dead, his sisters and his friends supposed murder. Oh look, I'm... I'm speechless.
 After the events of ANGELS AND DEMONS and the DaVINCI CODE Robert Langdon has returned to the quiet world of academia.  When a long time friend contacts him with a request to deliver a lecture for him in Washington DC Langdon is happy to oblige even though it is rather short notice.  Once he arrives in Washington though Langdon once again finds himself swept up in yet another desperate race through a famous city deciphering clues left on famous landmarks by their long dead architect.  This time the secret society behind all the action is that long time favorite of conspiracy theorists, the Masons.<br/><br/>If you like ANGELS AND DEMONS and/or the DaVINCI CODE you will probably also enjoy this latest novel although it is not quite on a par with the previous two.  Brown's style of short chapters filled with action and two or three threads of the plot occurring concurrently makes for an exciting read, even if a predictable one.  This is not a great novel that will become a classic but it is a fun way to spend a few hours.
 This book starts off with the typical intriguing and unusual characters and the first half shows some promise of being a well paced action/suspense thriller as his other books, but by the middle, the story really loses its way.  The plot gets more and more far fetched as the book continues.  I realize all of Dan Brown's books are a bit on the unbelievable side, but the plot twists in this one don't even make sense from the plot he developed.  The end was extremely disappointing and doesn't really fit well with the beginning of the book.<br/>The end of the book actually got preachy in a very heavy handed way which I found offensive.  The final plot twists were just plan stupid and on top of it all, all of this happens over the course of one day...are you kidding????
 It's an okay, yet disappointing and aggravating read. Mary Pope Osborne, the author of the children's Magic Treehouse Series, does a better job of didactically presenting history in an adventure format. Way too much padding. The surprises aren't surprising. The writing stinks. "Langon pointed to a black shadow that was materializing on the lawn to their left. The shadow began as an amorphous blob, but it was growing quickly, moving in their direction, becoming more defined, rushing at them faster and faster, stretching, and finally transforming itself into a massive black triangle crowned by two impossibly tall spires.<br/>"The cathedral facade is blocking the searchlight," Langdon said.<br/>"They're landing out front!"<br/>Langdon grabbed Catherine's hand. "Run! Now!""<br/><br/>The final revelation that throughout the book has everyone gasping and turning pale is laughable. The unbelievable CIA chief is non-other than the costume designer from the cartoon movie, The Incredibles. The main villain seems to be modeled after the villain character from the Mummy movies.
 Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol is not as good as The Da Vinci Code. It's not even as good as Angels and Demons. But that said, it's entertaining, and it's better than most of the conspiracy theory knock-offs that have come out in the interim.<br/><br/>Lots of people criticize Brown's flat characters and formulaic writing style, but I've got no problem with any of that. I like a good story with a rollercoaster plot, and he delivers. The Lost Symbol is no exception: set in Washington D.C., it takes Robert Langdon through a maze of secret societies and fringe science and devious enemies, with plenty of "is that a good guy or a bad guy?" moments and other twists along the way. All of that is good. What I found disappointing were the big, this-is-what-we've-been-waiting-for reveals. The character reveal I saw coming from quite a ways out, and the ancient mysteries reveal was just plain anti-climatic. You're left thinking - "That's it?" Even so, the book is a great vacation read, and it will make that plane ride fly by (no pun intended)...just brace yourself for the end.
 I DEVOURED the DaVinci Code in a couple of days--could not put it down. This one...It's been over two weeks and I still haven't finished it! Just nothing really to take me forward...do I really think I will find out what the lost secrets of civilization will be in the end...of course not! So I already have limited interested in this  cross-Washington treasure hunt.<br/><br/>Aside from the pace, I have two major grievances with the book: 1) the villain is a Red Dragon ripoff. 2) The novel makes the female protagonist---Katharine---look like a blithering idiot. She is a world expert and researcher on Noetic science--and there are long scenes where Langdon is explaining to her some arcane tidbit or other. Now I know Brown needs a vehicle for disseminating his symbolist tidbits---but to have Katherine look wide eyed in every scene and say: "What is that?" is just too much.<br/><br/>If it weren't for the fascinating little pieces of history along the way, this one would have gone flying a long time ago!!!
 This might seem like an oxymoron, but The Lost Symbol is a bland page turner.<br/><br/>Dan Brown seems to think that ending every chapter with a cliffhanger makes for a good book, but he misses the part where books are supposed to be well written.  I will not deny that I found the story to be intriguing, but I only cared to see the outcome and was happy to skip out on much of the process. I didn't like the style of switching points of view every few pages and I didn't like most of the characters.  There were way too many explanations (historical and otherwise) and not enough storytelling.  I got fed up with the book when I was halfway through and skimmed the rest, not caring enough about the prose to spend time reading it.  At that point, all I cared about was plot development.  Not surprisingly, the end of the book was a let-down and I don't think it really made sense.<br/><br/>I gave the book 3 stars because it's an entertaining read, but I really didn't enjoy the process of reading it.
 Dan Brown is a very talented story-teller. And Freemasons are appreciative that he is sympathetic to the humane ideals of the Craft. What is also excellent  is that his work give an indication of some familiarity with  serious Masonic scholarship. Masonic scholars like myself are grateful that his story-telling will surely draw the real seekers, the ones who really want to know the hidden meaning, to investigate the  scholarly layer that supports the engaging and captivating tales. Specifically, Masonic scholars are interested in making the nature of Masonic symbolism more clear, since as Brown's title makes show, that is of great popular interest. Yet, perhaps more importantly,  it will have a very healing effect on our society. My article on Kabbalah and Freemasonry which now appears on the fine  "Masonic  ...]"  site describes the Impetus for the Grand Lodge of 1717 which started the history of Speculative Freemasonry and its relation to the great mysteries of Kabbalah, and which continues as  the inspiration for the fascinating stories up until today.
 I listened to the audio book version, which was reasonably well done. (Except for some pretty obvious audio inserts.)<br/><br/>One thing let me down more than anything in DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol's plot builds on a lie. Maybe this is one of those "what do you mean by 'is' situations" where the wording is circumspect enought to let the lie be glossed over. As the climax was reached, I was angry to find that the villain's origin was based on deception. I really had the wind knocked out of me, thinking...how does Brown get away with this. Sure the story kept my interest, but now I find I was treated like a chump.<br/><br/>Like DaVinci Code, the ending is totally unsatisfying. Ten or more chapters of rambling esoterica that could have been condensed into a few summarizing paragraphs. The book could have ended with the fate of the protagonist.<br/><br/>Using "dead" commute time to listen to the book was enjoyable. I would have been immensly upset to have invested so much reading time in Lost Symbol to have had the tables turned on me as they were.
 "History, if it has taught us anything at all, has taught us that the strange ideas we deride today will one day be our celebrated truths."<br/><br/>I thought it should have ended many pages before its actual end but there was probably a need to use up all the facts culled from the research. This is what makes any Dan Brown novel truly fascinating. It's a mix of what you already know to be true and what you may have frowned at. The facts he inputs to make the reader either believe or suspend his disbelief are astonishing. At some point, you're just about ready to throw the book away because of concepts that are put forth as real but would require a massive amount of faith to internalize. Then again, not opening your mind up to new age concepts would get you slapped with the part I quoted above. And Brown would be right, of course.<br/><br/>To me, the charm of Dan Brown's novels isn't in the plot and the writing style, which one could merrily pick at and chew. It's in the fact that they make you think -- think about your own beliefs or the way you see the world. I liked The Lost Symbol because I believe in the premise already -- that thought can change the world. I'm not sure how I feel about the details or Freemasonry, which figures so prominently in this one. (Wonder what Freemasons think about this novel.) But I sure wish this detail is true: that people have a real and quantifiable, not figurative or vague, soul.<br/><br/>My quarrel with the end is its simplicity and the fact that it felt like a discussion of religion. But it could also be a non-religious discussion of some concept that religion claims to own. I have long dissociated from any religion and am allergic to any lengthy discussion that involves it. But again, I claim to be open-minded and that's what I'm going to be.
 Entertaining about sums up the feeling I have when thinking of the novel the Lost Symbol. Robert Langdon returns in Dan Brown's newest thriller with plot twists and turns worthy of his last efforts but somewhat over the top and sophmoric in nature.  A great writer, Dan Brown, is not.  What Dan Brown delivers is an intersting plot with short one to two page chapters that will keep you turning to find out what happens.  The current drama involves the Freemasons and takes place in Washington D.C. which makes the story that much more relevant and current.  Interesting facts about the mysterious Masons and lost secret mystery schools will keep readers enthralled and reading to the end.  For me this book was about 200 pages too long...as with Angels and Demons it should have ended midway through and would have had a much greater impact.  At one point I remember thinking "C'mon already!"  Kudo's to Mr. Brown for his research and one particularly great plot twist that I never saw coming but as far as literay skills go, he remains entertaining at best.
 It is hard to believe that a book with so much hype can be so bad.  The plot starts with a repeat of The Davinci Code - Robert Langdon running around with an attractive female, solving unintelligible puzzles that make no sense whle being 'chased' by a bad guy - the big difference is that he is bald instead of albino.  Now that is the good news - the bad news is that there is a plethora of 'who cares' stuff constantly being brought up regarding the Masons and the search for 'truth'.  Along the way there's gobbly-gook about noetic science that is incomprehensible.  All of this would be tolerable but the actions of the USG agents makes no sense which allows Langdon and then the bad guy to escape again and again.  The final scene (which is actually 30 pages before the ending of the book) where the bad guy meets his end is just downright silly and the world is saved as an afterthought.  The 30 page epilogue is a sermon on truth, justice and the American way.  I JUST CAN'T WAIT FOR THE MOVIE!!!  On the positive side, there's no way it can be worse than the book.
 I did not enjoy this book.  It started out with promise, and I was looking forward to a few hours of fun reading, however things quickly went south.  There are many flaws, as other reviews pointed out, here is what drove me crazy with the book and prompted me to write a review, which I only do if I feel strongly positive or negatively about something.<br/><br/>The good: Some interesting facts about Washington DC architecture, art and Masons.  It made me want to jump in the car with the book in hand and explore some of the sites he talked about.<br/><br/>The bad: The characters are two dimensional and I feel like I have read them all before- nothing original at all- the brilliant, beautiful woman, the kind, benevolent wealthy man, the wise, blind priest who points the hero in right direction.  Also for such an "action packed book" it felt like it was moving slow, getting bogged down in repetitive conversations and explanations.  Langdon goes thru the book saying basically the same thing every few pages.<br/><br/>Person A:  "Well what about THIS particular map/ sign/symbol/clue/legend?"<br/>Robert Langdon:  "I simply can't believe it.  It is meant figuratively, not literally!<br/>Person A:  "but such and such PROVES it is literal.<br/>RL.  "!!!!!!"  Oh, my bad.<br/><br/>Repeat the ENTIRE book up until the last few pages.<br/><br/>The UGLY:  ******SPOILER*******<br/>The ending was just so stupid.  Look I know you need to suspend disbelief when you read, and it is often no problem, I just enjoy getting lost in a book.  In this book though, I kept getting yanked out of the story due to the stupid, illogical way people are acting!  Completely unbelievable!<br/>The reveal of the "secret word" was lame- really, people were risking their lives and getting killed because there is a bible buried in the cornerstone of the Washington Monument?  Really?<br/>Also, Peter is kidnapped, his hand is cut off, and he is tortured using sensory deprivation that makes you think you are dead.  Katherine is cut and bleeding, and is half dead from blood loss when she is rescued.  Robert is beat up, tasered and also put in the sensory deprivation and thinks he is dead.  There are also several dead bodies here and there as well, with a full CIA investigation and SWAT team on site.  The bad guy is finally killed and revealed to be Peters son.  Sounds like a lot to take in, right?  Peter, Katherine and Robert probably need a hospital visit at least, a good nights sleep, and maybe a good therapist to deal with some of the emotional trauma they suffered.  Nope, apparently not.  Peter feels good enough to take Robert on a tour of the Washington Monument and give him a lecture on Masons mere hours after he was tortured and almost killed by his own son.  His hand is cut off?  Oh well, he will go to the hospital AFTER the trip up the Monument, and only after Robert asks him to. Katherine?  Oh, she just needed a bag or two of fluid, that fixed her right up.  Her nephew almost killed her and her brother?  Who cares, her research was saved!!!  This makes her SO HAPPY she has to run right out to check it mere moments after the CIA arrive with her brother.  She felt so good, she and Robert took a tour of the Capitol the rest of the night and watched the sun come up.<br/><br/>Don't bother reading this book, or if you do, get it from the library like I did.  I am SO happy I didn't spend money on this!
 I'm not a big fan of fiction because maybe they don't really suspend my disbelief. The stories on the symbolism was done very well but the tension did not hold up for me. The thing on Freemasonry was a bit overdone and it just didn't keep me glued. The division of the chapters and the characters didn't all work for me. I don't know why. It's not as bad as 'The Copper Scroll' and the 'The Afghan' by Forsyth was definitely more exciting. I just don't see myself buying anything Dan Brown again.<br/>He did great research on his symbolisms and background but even that did not entertain me.<br/>In the end I think his characters just were not fleshed-out enough for me. I've been reading a lot of non-fiction on psychopaths and serial killers and was expecting to see a clear supporting pattern with the evil-dude character. I want my villains to make the hair on the back of my neck stand. Maybe I was just expecting too much.
 Also pedantic and -- heavens forbid -- boring. THE LOST SYMBOL should have stayed lost. The characters make Al Gore look like an action figure as they plod and wade through the treacle of a plot as subtly foreshadowed as with a bulldozer or sledgehammer. Dan Brown, the Prince of Thrill, has achieved the anti-thriller.<br/><br/>Parodying a line from Rostand's Cyrano de Bergerac, Brown "mouths his verse and moans his tragedy, and heaves up -- Ugh! -- like a hod-carrier, lines that ought to soar on their own wings." Or, as Willie put it in his Scottish play, it "is a poor player who struts and frets his hour upon the stage, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing."<br/><br/>Which is too bad. I liked all of Brown's previous books -- especially THE DA VINCI CODE -- and looked forward to reading this one but found it less interesting than a three-hour freshman lecture on the love-life of protozoa, grass growing, or the only DeMolay ritual I attended.
 The book reads like a big red onion.  An onion with layers upon layers, that are pealed by one Robert Langdon, a historian bar none, who knows a lot about symbolism and the ancient mysteries that each layer of the onion reveals.  And even when we arrive at the center of the onion, there is yet still one more miraculous layer to reveal.
 I was as excited as the next guy for this book, and put other books aside to read it. Bad move. I haven't taken the time (and won't) to really analyze why I feel this way, but the truth is that I got about 100 pages in, to the place where the hand on a spike shows up, and couldn't take any more.<br/><br/>The story plodded along, and it just wasn't the page turner I wanted (it's 2am, then 3am, then 4am and you're still reading and you KNOW you have to get up at 7). The evil tattooed assassin was just too weird, and his brand of violence came through as needless and gratuitous. There's probably people in this world who are just this weird, but I don't want to know about them.<br/><br/>When the hand appeared, I said, "enough!" and put the book down. I wasn't grossed out; the story was just too weird. My wife read it next, and although she finished it, she didn't think that I had sold the book short.<br/><br/>One star, and only because I can't give zero stars. Dan Brown, you have just lost this reader. This book is a real stinker!
 Dan Brown delivers again. I've enjoyed each of his Robert Langdon thrillers and hope he keeps them coming. He's a master at pacing, never a dull moment even as he bombards the reader with easy to digest information about symbols, religion, science, architecture, etc. Is it formulaic fiction? Certainly. Writing of the highest literary caliber? Certainly not. But as any baby will tell you, when formula is created just right it will be lapped up eagerly. One emerges from a Dan Brown caper feeling that a few new things have been learned in the process of being thoroughly entertained. Works for me. When I'm in the mood for a genre read I feel confident that Dan Brown won't steer me wrong. The Lost Symbol is the latest piece of evidence that he does what he does particularly well.
 Dan Brown's formula for grinding out best sellers is wearing thin. In fact, if it weren't for the Google search engine and Wikipedia, his latest venture into eclectic esoterica would have been a long-winded disaster. Instead it serves as an entertaining pointer to a good collection of little-know factoids associated with Washington DC. However, sprinkling these into an alphabet soup of "archetypal hybrids" and serving it to his readers on a platter of new age Gnosticism with Masonic trimmings is pretty bland fare.<br/><br/>Unfortunately for Brown's readers, Umberto Eco is much more adept at creating a story line around the mysteries of Masons, Neal Stephenson's forays into code-cracking make Brown's seem like child's play, and almost anyone could improve on Brown's character development. Wikileaks are currently providing many more shocking revelations than anything in this story. Brown does have an eye for good art, but I'd recommend that he spend a lot more time with Albrecht Dürer than Constantino Brumidi (look them up in Wikipedia if you haven't read the book).<br/><br/>When creating a recipe for success, a good chef will tell you that too many ingredients will spoil the meal. Brown didn't get that memo and threw the oxymoron of "noetic science" into the mix. This resulted in the largest storyline gone awry in the whole novel. As clever as he is at drawing connections between disparate material, Brown simply can't plausibly align this with any other plot element and essentially abandons it midway through the book. He does attempt to bring it back in the last chapters which serve as a long infomercial promoting his "new world order of expanded consciousness" after the story grinds to a halt. It doesn't work.<br/><br/>When this inevitably is released as a movie starring Tom Hanks as the clueless protagonist, I wonder whether patrons will be allowed to bring their iPads into the theater to Google concepts while watching. The search results may hold their interest better than the big screen.
 I enjoy Dan Brown's novels because they interlace history, religion, and story together. I was quite entertained and couldn't put the book down.<br/>  The Lost Symbol is very similar to his previous work in that it provides the same plot, structure, and theme, only this time it takes place in Washington, D.C. and involves the Freemasons instead of the Knights Templar.<br/>  Just like the other books, Langdon is called to Washington at a friend's request, only to find him missing, and spends the rest of the book chasing clues throughout the city and trying to outwit a new villain who is seemingly as smart as he is.<br/>  Yes, this book did seem like "National Treasure"...BUT I'm glad I read it and looking forward to his next book. So far "Angels and Demons" soars head and shoulders above all his books.
 I've read three of Brown's novels, "Angels &amp; Demons" "Da Vinci Code" and "The Lost Symbol" and they all have the same basic plot structure:  a grotesque, maniacal villain, usually with a religious or quasi-religious motivation, commits gruesome crimes while Robert Langdon goes on a rapid scavenger hunt/puzzle-solving marathon with a random local female for  companionship.<br/><br/>Let's face it, Dan Brown is not a very good writer, nor a particularly painstaking researcher (you don't extradite someone to America for selling dope in Turkey.) What's really loathsome about this outing is the continued scurrilous slurs on an historical figure, Sir Isaac Newton.  I wish Brown would learn the name of some other scientist.<br/><br/>"Da Vinci Code" became a smash hit because he borrowed most of the elements of the plot from a non-fiction-but-really-fiction book entitled, "Holy Blood, Holy Grail."  I'd be very surprised if Dan Brown ever produces such a phenomenon again.
 Listened to the unabridged audio book, and I found this book to be the worst of the three Langdon adventures. There is no "romance" to the adventure. In the previous books, Langdon was in awe and in love with the discoveries. In this book, he is so skeptical, that even when the proof was right in front of him, after TWO adventures of biblical proportions, he still found it impossible to believe.<br/><br/>Also, the book was waaaaaaay too bloated and ridiculous. Especially the end. After the threat is isolated, the epilogue is a further 6 or 7 chapters and ENDLESS psuedo-science blah. Characters who SHOULD be seeking medical and psychiatric help are instead delivering lectures on the nature of god.  Very unrealistic.<br/><br/>And a final point, the main villain is insanely 1 dimensional and cliche. Dan Brown borrows heavily from Tom Harris's Francis Dolarhyde character in Red Dragon, and is just as underdeveloped as the albino monk and the muslim assassin in the previous Langdon books.
 This book held my rapt attention until almost the end. It was very tightly plotted and suspenseful, relentlessly driving the characters onward. Unfortunately, the action and suspense end more than a chapter before the book does. The rest is filled with a long string of pseudo-philosophical claptrap. Probably this just makes the book appealing to a broader audience: those who enjoy the various ideologies sprinkled liberally throughout and those who enjoy the action. It is definitely recognizable as the work of Dan Brown so I was prepared for the Masonic connection and the symbology. It just got a little thick at the end.
 First let me say that I listened to the audiobook version so I'm taking that into account when I review this latest chapter in the Robert Langdon series.<br/><br/>  Paul Michael, the narrator for the audiobook version has always done a great job in my opinion, however in this book. . I think it was because of Sato having throat cancer and what that did to her voicebox. ..ugh!!  It kept jarring me from the story.<br/><br/>  While I am seeing a definite and somewhat predictable formula in Brown's works, this book was disappointing. There seemed to be a lot more narrative exposition in regards to the Free Masons and the symbology behind the pyramid.  For me, it kept detracting me from the story.<br/><br/>  Heck, as I'm writing this review, I'm finding myself struggling to remember it.<br/><br/>  The only thing I can say on the positive side, is that there's a nice twist toward the end that I wasn't expecting.  With Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons, I fell into both stories  but this one left me cold and I couldn't wait for it to end.
 How do you decipher boredom? You try by reading The Lost Symbol. Immense letdown from the fiftieth page on. Totally incredible (as in, unbelievable) plot that actually snubs the reader's intelligence in favor of "oh my God" storytelling. Characters: annoying at best, one dimensional at worst. A hero in dire need of characteristics: Langdon's not merely an anti-hero, he's an anti-character...a dull, faceless "professor" who barely participates in the action and worse yet, appears "dumber" here than in the two previous novels. Surely, by the third book in a series, we should all come to know and "love" Langdon. But he's even more listless here than he was in Da Vinci Code (compare to Angels &amp; Demons, where we truly get the sense he knows his stuff!). A villain with no surprise to him. Background characters that serve no purpose, even when they are part of the action. Situations that not only challenge the reader's willful sense of suspended disbelief, but challenge the notion Brown can write at all. This is a "Pro Tools" novel. A work forged with the barest of writing needed. One senses this is a skeleton of a much bigger work that Brown needed time to write yet sadly didn't have. Finally, the pacing and structuring is dreadful and uncaptivating. Plot devices (especially flashbacks) enter and exit at the most inopportune moments and in clumsy fashion. And that ending is one bona fide stinkeroo! I really enjoyed Angels &amp; Demons and  liked Da Vinci Code. This one however, is far from the pinnacle of the pyramid. Hollywood &amp; Mr. Hanks take heed: ingore and be better off for it. Film this one at your own peril.
 Exciting, suspenseful, can't stop reading.<br/><br/>The book started slow but by the end of the first chapter you are hooked.<br/><br/>A lot of unexpected twists.<br/><br/>I am afraid of tight dark places like Robert Langdon and was very sympathetic as he walked down the stairs.<br/><br/>This story will be hard to adapt to the movie screen without offending the Masons and traditional religions.  It will be as  controversial as the Da Vinci Code.
 Dan Brown has returned to his old form. This is a too long novel that tries too hard to show off Brown's knowledge of symbolism. To Brown everything is a symbol with a pattern. His tired and true hero Robert Langdon uses his eidetic memory to solve seemingly impenetrable puzzles. The action is so fast and furious that it soon becomes mind-numbing. The major problem with the book is the villain. I am so tired of superhuman comic book villains that I stopped reading James Patterson long ago. The comic book villain here is totally unbelievable and that this creature would somehow pass muster to be initiated into the masons is laughable. Instead of ending the novel when the long hoped for demise of the villain occurs, Brown then wastes the reader's time spending an additional fifty pages or so doing religious mumbo-jumbo that is straight out of scientology. I throw few books away but this one went in the trash.
 When Dan Brown provocatively asked "Is there no help for the widows son?" in the dust jacket of the DaVinci code, my curiosity was up.  And when I first heard that this book would be titled "The Solomon Key," I was under the impression things were heading in the right direction.  While I find Brown's writing much too formulaic, I was curious about what Masonic secrets he might reveal and how he might go about doing that.  It was all downhill from there.<br/><br/>This book is pretty weak.  The story is essentially an exact replica of "Angles" and "DaVinci" but in Washington instead of Rome or Paris.  And his really bad attempts at giving us some secrets about our favorite not-so-secret society came up waaaaaaaaaay short!  All I got from this book is that there are Aliens looking over us and that the buildings in Washington provide the evidence.  Is that what you were saying Dan?  Maybe you're the alien?!
 The Lost Symbol was an okay read. The symbolism was enough to hold my interest and the weaving of Washington D.C.'s historical landmarks and artwork into this work of fiction was almost impressive. However, I have to say that I was a little disappointed with the book. Other than our hero, Robert Langdon(who we all know very well by now), the characters lack depth. The plots of Brown's novels are becoming quite formulaic. While this formula was also apparent in The Da Vinci Code, that book still held enough mysteries to surprise me in the end. The Lost Symbol failed to do this. It was all incredibly predictable. Not to mention the fact that I felt like I was still reading the books introduction when I was down to the last 100 pages of the book.<br/>Knowing this book dealt heavily with the Masons intrigued me. I was interested to see what lore and cospiracy theories would be entwined into the story line but it all seemed to fall short of my expectations in the end. The Masons are the center of many conspiracy theories surrounding Washington's architecture and artwork. I felt that, even though many were included, many were also overlooked. Without that intricate story line that I was expecting, Dan Brown's flawed writing abilities were more apparent.<br/>I wouldn't say that this book isn't worth reading. I just think I built it up too much in my mind. Just don't go into it with super-high expectations.
 In defense of Dan Brown, can anyone out there think of a plausible ending for "The Lost Symbol"?  What could the secret of the Masons possibly be, hidden somewhere in Washington?  After all, we have already found the Holy Grail, and Indiana Jones located the Ark of the Covenant.  The only problem I had with the book was the apparent family trait of the Solomon family to endure unendurable amounts of pain.  Creating your own tattoos is one thing, but removing one's own testicles is quite another.  Surviving a home hand amputation sounds like Civil War medicine at its worst, and yet Peter Solomon is remarkably good humored after a few days.  Of course, Langdon is fine minutes past his own experience; clearly people in Brown's universe are tough customers.  I really enjoyed all the research and information on the history of the Masons, although much of it has been used before in things like "National Treasure."  Could another author have pitched a story line so similar to "National Treasure"?
 There's an exciting and entertaining two hundred page book buried inside the 528 pages of Dan Brown's latest Robert Langdon thriller titled, The Lost Symbol. For readers who find value in pages per dollar, there's some benefit here in having more pages to turn, which might prolong a reader's pleasure. For me, the surplus pages riff with exposition that adds little to the novel. Unlike his earlier best sellers which drew heavy criticism from the Catholic Church and increased sales, The Lost Symbol is unlikely to irritate the institutions that Brown describes. In this case, Masonic ceremonies, symbols and buildings are likely to increase the range of Washington, D.C. tourism rather than lead to ire. The entire novel is the revelation to Langdon of a buried symbol long kept secret in Washington. Along the way, the adventure, suspense and plot twists can be entertaining, provided a reader has the patience to put up with superfluous exposition while awaiting the return of action.<br/><br/>Rating: Three-star (Recommended)
 This book by Dan Brown was okay for me. I'm a huge Dan Brown reader but I was a tad bite disappointed about the ending. People who read this book must really understand the style of Brown's writing. He's a great writer and his books are always filled  with well researched knowledge and just cool facts about different real organizations. He usually have his flavor of twists but this one was lacking that Dan Brown twist. The book is staged pretty much in the "federal city". Of course, the chaser for the truth, Langdon, discovers secrets about a potential portal. Overall, it builds up great but the ending is a little bit predictable making it not as twisted.<br/><br/>Stone Michaels, Author of Defining Atlas
 This book is, quite simply, awful.  If you haven't bought it, save your money.  If you've bought it, save a few hours of your life that you'll want back if you read it.<br/><br/>The good guys are desperately trying to stay ahead of the bad guys who are right on their trail, but...there's always time to stop and give another long history lesson that Langdon won't believe anyway.  Of course, it's hard to tell the good guys from the bad guys, since Brown uses the totally annoying device of having everyone act like buttheads and force others to comply instead of just asking for their help.<br/><br/>But in the end, if you make it that far, you'll hate that too.  Really?  The missing word is The Bible?  Gag.
 Let me first off start by saying that I am definitely a fan of Dan Brown.  I enjoy the integration of factual items, places, events, etc into a fictional novel.  It really leaves you wondering if there is another side to what you have been told or have come to know.  That being said, this novel fell short of the expectations I had for Dan Brown.  Although it was pretty much impossible to create another masterpiece like the Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons ran along the same lines and was entertaining. But it seemed like for the Lost Symbol Dan Brown had only half of the facts and hoped that he could cover up his dead end research though a "gripping" story. Sorry to say, it didn't work.  Here's my beef with this novel:<br/><br/>1) It is the same cookie cutter formula as his other two books of the Robert Langdon series. I understand that each author has his/her own formula, however this was extremely repetitive.  Let's get a slightly different plot.<br/><br/>2) The book was VERY predictable.  I knew what was coming a mile away even though this book attempted to give you twists and turns and leave you hanging on.  And mind you these "attempts" were often just incomplete chapters that lead you into the next 10 chapters so you can basically read what you knew was going to happen.<br/><br/>3) There was really no development of Noetic science.  I personally love the concept of it, but it really didn't have anything to do with the plot.  It's almost as if Dan Brown was trying to incorporate two deep ideologies that just don't quite fit.  Stick with the Noetic Science and develop that.<br/><br/>4) There was such a build up in the novel for some spectacular "thing" that was going to be revealed.  And at the end of the book you realize that you've been duped.<br/><br/>5) There needed to be more character development.  There were so many characters being thrown in and out.  And even now I am still questioning what happened to some of the characters in the book and what the point of their introduction was.<br/><br/>6) There were a lot of open-ended items that Dan Brown did not go back and explain them.  The Kryptos Statue.....have no idea what the hidden message is and I'm not sure if that was the point.  The Bible buried in the obilesk...what are the hidden messages? Don't leave me hanging.<br/><br/>Like I said, I do appreciate Dan Brown's books. However I think there needed to be a bit more nurturing of this novel so that it could have reached its true potential.
 I read DB's first 4 books and positively loved The Da Vinci Code &amp; Angels and Demons.  The Lost Symbol was an informative and interesting read throughout but had absolutely the worst ending to a book imaginable.  I was shocked, stunned, and incredibly disappointed with the ending to the point that I felt I had completely wasted my time reading it. I can only conclude that DB must have felt he owed the Christian Right some sort of apology for his so called blasphemy portrayed in The Da Vinci Code.  Otherwise what was the point?  My advise: DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!  Enough said.
 This book received less attention than The Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons, but it was just as exciting to read. A vast amount of research must go into crafting a book like this and I give Dan Brown some credit. Sure, not all of the elements of the story are his own - that many of the founding fathers were Freemasons is fairly well known - but taking facts and creating a novel around those facts is a lot of work. Just like his prior novels, once you begin reading 'The Lost Symbol' you won't be able to put it down. Of course it is no surprise that Robert Langdon again saves the world from evil, and in this case, averts a national security crisis all in the space of twelve hours, but the journey is thrilling and fun to read. I would think that this story too would make a good movie, but I'm not sure how the Freemasons would feel about such a project. Overall, this is an interesting and quick read if you're looking to pick something up and don't want to put it down until you're done.
 What a time-waster of a book!  Like Masons have big secrets--they believe in the Universe!  Several times I was rooting for the bad buy, but once again the bad guy has to have some physical deformity by which you will know him.  In this one, tattoos all over his body--in DaVinci Code, it was an albino.  The main character has a "swimmer's body" which shows that he is good.  Not smart, but good.  And if you make a drinking game, try drinking a shot for every time the word "myth" appears in this book.  I like the way none of the government employees in this book seems to have a clue.  About anything, but they have keys to everywhere.  I think that the CIA official was also made into a red herring by making her tiny and Japanese with a hoarse voice.  Because every Dan Brown admirer knows that you should "judge a book by its cover."  Also, these are curiously sexless books.  There are women, but Dan Brown doesn't seem to know what to do with them.
 I, along with many other people, was excited to hear that Dan Brown was finally coming out with another Robert Langdon book. It was slow starting--much slower than Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code--but eventually I couldn't put it down. Unfortunately, in the end I have to say that it really wasn't worth more than 3 out of 5 stars. Although it was as well-researched as Dan Brown's other books, I feel as if the story itself simply wasn't as gripping, and although it of course had the usual Dan Brown twist, I definitely don't think it was as good as the one in The Da Vinci code. Of course, I have to admit that, it having been years and years since I read the first two Robert Langdon books, my taste in novels has very possibly changed. Still, I would be surprised if many people really believe that this book was anywhere near as good as the first two. Especially as it turned very preachy at the end--and on top of that, seemed like one big advertisement for smartphones (Blackberries and iPhones especially).
 When I have the luxury of time, I browse the shelves of real bricks and sticks bookstores, collect a pile of books I'd like to take a closer look at and then settle into one of the comfy chairs so kindly provided by store management and start reading. With some books I need only read a page or two, with others the first couple of chapters. "Buy" and "don't buy" piles are made, money changes hands and I feel happy and excited about the adventures in store as I drive home.<br/><br/>*sigh* I love books...<br/><br/>My point? If I'd never heard of Dan Brown and if The Lost Symbol had been one of those books I decided to take a closer look at, it would have gone into the "don't buy" pile. The use of "adorned" twice and "the skull cradled in his palms" three times in the 3 page prologue would have had me wincing and doubting the skill of both the author and the editor. But I have heard of Brown and I read the DaVinci Code. While The DaVinci Code didn't convince me that Brown is an amazing writer, it did convince me that he could tell an entertaining tale; one that engaged my mind and made me curious about historical events I was previously only vaguely aware of. Some repeated phrases in The Lost Symbol's prologue weren't going to keep me from seeing if The Lost Symbol might be similarly engaging.<br/><br/>And is it? Well, not quite...but I still think it's worth the read.<br/><br/>Like the DaVinci Code, The Lost Symbol is fast paced and engrossing and the story definitely kept me turning the pages. I know very little about the Freemasons and while I'm forced to admit that they didn't spark quite the same level of interest in me as did the Templars and Mary Magdalene, The Lost Symbol still managed to make me want to learn more about them and some of the other mentioned groups and events. I don't know how much Brown twisted history and fudged facts while writing The Lost Symbol but, in all honesty, it doesn't matter much to me. It's a novel, after all, and I read it as such. For the historical events alluded to in his story that piqued my interest, I can do my own research. Doing just that after reading The DaVinci Code was more than half the fun of that book. So, it could be argued that my enjoyment of The Lost Symbol, now that I've finished reading it, is just beginning.<br/><br/>Is The Lost Symbol great literature? Alas, most would concede that it is not. But is it an entertaining read? I vote yes. Certainly, I found it worthy of its place in that "buy" pile.<br/><br/>Recommended.<br/><br/>Note: I have the illustrated version of The DaVinci Code and was happy to pick up the illustrated version of The Lost Symbol as well. I think they've done a terrific job with these special editions; the design and paper quality are top notch and having photos of places, items and artifacts etc. printed right alongside the text discussing them is well worth the extra cost sometimes charged. AND - if you know someone who really enjoyed this book, the illustrated version could make a very nice gift. Just sayin'...
 I really don't understand why people have been so hard on this latest book by Dan Brown.  I found the entire book very intriguing, and quite enlightening.  There were some predictable plot twists, but authors have a very hard time being successful in outsmarting the reader at every turn.  I believe it was very well written, and the thing I've always like about mystery/thrillers is the fact that the author usually does give you enough info to figure things out for yourself.<br/><br/>I've seen that many other folks have been upset by the ending, and I don't understand why.  The ending wasn't a huge enormous ending like the previous two Robert Langdon books; however, I believe it was much more relevant.  This ending reminded me of (may he rest in peace) Michael Crichton in that he gave you something very interesting to think on after finishing the book.  Is it so wrong for someone to ask you to expand your mind and look at things in a different way?<br/><br/>I would recommend this book for any person who enjoys a good story and has an open mind.
 I was already a Dan Brown fan and so was eagerly awaiting The Lost Symbol. This book absolutely does not disappoint. It takes place over the course of about twelve hours, and through its pages, unfolds deep mystery after deep mystery. It has some great twists and turns, and keeps the suspense high the entire way through. I like that it also has an unusual format - there is the climax of the main story, but then the book allows you to keep unwrapping mysterious treasure after mysterious treasure for some time afterwards. I was truly sorry the book was finished. I felt like I had been given passage into a world of revelations that I wanted to continue, until I knew all there was to know. But that is not this book's job, that is now my own personal journey - to continue along the path that has been laid before me. And do so, I shall.<br/><br/>I actually found the story very inspirational and illuminating in its message and it presented some concepts, chief amongst them Noetic science, that I intend to keep studying. It is one of those books that can and does change the way you see and interact with the world around you. Dan Brown, in my opinion, is a master at telling compelling stories and teaching you all manner of incredibly fascinating things along the way. His books, The Lost Symbol, included, are loaded with information about some of the most mysterious and enigmatic parts of our history and culture. He presents ancient knowledge and myth in a new light and gets you thinking. He ignites interest in the past, in art, books, secret societies, scientific concepts and weaves all of those aspects into thrilling stories that are truly `unputdownable'. His tales tap into our imaginations and curiosity about the world around us. He says he writes stories that he finds personally entertaining and if the author is captivated and enchanted with what they are writing, that will come through in their work, as it does in The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>There is nothing disappointing about this book, it is well paced, has great characters that are truly alive, and a mystery at its core that kept me completely enthralled. The Lost Symbol is highly engaging, thoroughly entertaining, and is most certainly time well spent. Let yourself be entertained and enlightened by this exciting novel. I hope it will grace the big screen in the not-too-distant future!<br/><br/>Rai Aren, co-author of Secret of the Sands
 I enjoyed the Da Vinci code, but more for the mystery and the plot line than the characters.  Strangely, in that book, it was not Langdon's character that caught my minds eye, but rather the french police woman, Sophie(?).  "The Lost Symbol" fails in my opinion in both plot and character development.  By the time I finished this book I was just begging for it to be over.  Character dialogue (both spoken and silent) is stiff, unrealistic, and VERY cliche.  This results in characters with no depth, or complexity.  There wasn't a realistic character in the bunch. The wandering, almost stream-of-consciousness, plot-line was never well defined.  When the story finally revealed the nature of the "National Security emergency" which drove the Inoue Sato character, I found myself physically shaking my head thinking "I turned hundreds of pages, for THIS!?".  In the end, this book was filled with example after example of similarly disappointing "eureka moments" that gave me the same empty feeling.  Read it if you must, but temper your expectations.
 I have not read any other of Dan Brown's writings, and after reading "The Lost Symbol" I probably will not.  It is not a page turner, as a matter of fact if you turned every other page and only read one side of each page I think you would get as much out of the book as possible.  I found reading it so tiring I would only read five chapters an evening...and struggle to get through them.<br/><br/>Brown tried real hard to present a masterpiece but got himself so involved in unessential drivel he lost the whole tone of the writing.  There was too much time explaining rather trivial matters, customs, taboos, etc., etc., and essentially the writing became so detailed on non-essentials that it became boring.  And I still can't understand why Langdon had to be hooded on his ride to the Washington Monument...what real purpose did that charade accomplish??  Sorry, Dan, it just didn't impress me.<br/><br/>E.J.Walden, author of "Operation Snow Owl"
 I had great hopes for this book even though I found the Davinci Code not as good as Angels and Demons.I was really disappointed in this book.I thought authors were supposed to get better from book to book I feel he is getting worse.The characters are boring other than Langdon (Who I love as usual) and you don't really care what happens to them I agree with another reviewer that Katherine is an idiot to let this guy into her precious lab after receiving only a text message supposedly from her brother.The other two books had great villains that were the fronts for the real villain This one has a supposed bad villain who is just stupid and a zealot who is a front for no one he is just an idiot who wants power BORING.I am sorry I had to rate the book this way I love Angels and Demons and this was just plain disappointing.If you like the other two by all means read this one but don't get your expectations too high
 After all the controversy surrounding The Davinci Code, which was a good read in my opinion, I was eagerly anticipating this follow up.  I tore through it in less than 48 hours, and overall there was entertainment and enjoyment in the process of the reading, but overall I felt like it wasn't as worthwhile as when I read The Davinci Code, or even Angels &amp; Demons (both of which I have reviewed here on Amazon).<br/><br/>I think what bothered me most was that the main villian's identity was easily discerned, so when the reveal occurred there was no 'Aha' moment for me.  The final conclusion was also a bit of a bore in my opinion.  I am sure once the script writers in Hollywood get their hands on this they will make it more thrilling than the overall experience of the reading was.  Until then, if you are a fan of the Robert Langdon character go ahead and give it a go.  After all, reading a book is better than doing nothing at all.
 Dan Brown is a writer more famous for stirring up controversy rather than his meticulous research. Although the media noise surrounding his last two books treats them as historic novels, they are much more fiction than fact. Understandably; were they treated as works of wild fiction there would had been nothing to argue about. And if there ever was a writing career built on controversy...<br/><br/>I will refrain from letting any spoilers slip through and, instead, I shall make clear why this is one of THE WORSE books I have ever read - and that is not solely because I refused to be fed unadulterated Masonic propaganda. The book is haphazardly researched, badly written and the plot runs in circles - just like a Masonic ...ourovoros.<br/><br/>Allow me to give a couple cases in point.<br/>The over and over glorified "field" of Noetics is nothing but a New Age philosophy masquerading as "science" only to peddle warmed up ancient ideas as scientific. I never heard of Noetics before reading this book and I am not surprised. If the best arguments supporting the notions that human (and why is it only human?) ...thoughts have a direct effect on reality and that there is a soul and it can be...weighted are the ones presented in this book, well snake-oils and good-luck charms should start to look pretty "scientific" by now.<br/><br/>In his attempt to substantiate a scientific basis of the idea of Global Consciousness (in yet another excuse for the Masonic efforts towards a Global Government), Brown presents some very shaky "facts". On p.70, he claims that following 9/11 "37 Random Events Generators"(sic) (and I am guessing that since they are capitalized they must be some... Serious Scientific Equipment, right?) "suddenly became significantly less random". Wow, hold the presses! Shouldn't we wake the President?<br/>Even if someone were to ignore the question of ...what exactly are these 37 generators measuring, can someone give us a precise time frame of these "events" following 9/11, to establish even a mere time-line of causality? For how long were these generators been monitored to be sure that a similar "event" did not occur, say when Vettel took the checkered flag at Abu Dabi's F1 race last week? And if it took a catastrophic event of the magnitude of 9/11 to get a "significantly less random" measurement, what are chances of this pseudoscience getting anything measured ever again?<br/><br/>As to ...weighting the soul, is he serious? What are his scientific references, the ...movie "<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/21-Grams/dp/B000FVQLJ8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">21 Grams</a>"? Was he not aware that the actual scientific explanation for the (dubious) weight difference is the release of the residual air from the collapsing lugs? But that was not fitting with the rest of the "theory" so it had to be cut to size. Here is an expression to work out the etymology of Dan: Procrustean methods!<br/><br/>By the way, I doubt that anyone hiding out in a Greek island would remain inconspicuous for long with the ridiculously made-up name of..."Andros Dareios". The correct spelling is Darius and it is a ancient Persian, not a Greek name. What's more, the word "andros" is the name of a Greek...island, it means "lair" and it is not a proper name - yet another example of how epidermal and self-serving his "research" really is. Just think how many heads would turn to the name..."Piratecove Adolph".<br/><br/>Nevertheless, the most serious issue with this book is its incessant Masonic propaganda. Their rituals are glorified, their beliefs are polished and presented again and again whereas the political implications are (conveniently) glossed over.<br/>Brown expresses his condescending outrage to the masses that would fail to comprehend that "Senators, Chief Justices and CIA directors are all Masonic brothers". Really Dan? Do you fail to grasp the implications of a judge having to pass judgment on a Masonic brother he has sworn to protect? Is it too complicated for you to comprehend how a Mason CIA director or a Secretary of State may promote the interests of his Brotherhood above those of his country?<br/><br/>And exactly how ...enlightened can a secret society be when it refuses to accept women and shunts minorities? I am also wondering why there was not even a pip about Nazis' obsession with the occult Ancient Mysteries and the Illuminati (the German offshoot of Freemasonry) or and the role of the infamous Masonic Temple P2 of Rome in connecting the Fascist regime of Mussolini with the Sicilian mafia bosses. Dan's silence is deafening on these matters.<br/>Any free-thinking person would be very suspicious of groups operating under blood-oaths of secrecy, enforcing strict obedience to their (selected and not-elected) hierarchy and wielding the ability to undermine every pillar of a democratic society, from the judiciary to the executive branch, when their members are called upon to "support a brother".<br/><br/>I for one do not buy the "if I were an Mason I could not be writing about all this because of the secrecy oaths" argument. As if repaying a debt, Dan Brown goes to great lengths to function as a loud PR department to the Masons. His descriptions of the Masonic rituals are peculiarly selective - and they are strictly limited to what is already public knowledge. With some selective omissions of course.<br/>Why is there no description of Baphomet, the hoofed and horned deity ever Mason upon reaching the 33th degree has to declare allegiance to? Is this not the final "Truth" that is revealed at the 33rd degree?<br/><br/>Judging by his ramblings in the last pages of this book, I am guessing his next book to be on the bogus...Bible Code. For someone who has been attacking the Bible so vehemently he sure seems obsessed with it. Well, I am curious to see how he is going to twist the serpents' suggestion of "Ye are Gods" into something "enlightening" Masonic.<br/><br/>If the Masons wanted to improve their image, maybe they should had picked a better writer.<br/>No matter how much this guy is pushed and pulled, sure, he may be selling books - but he is convincing no one.
 I read for enjoyment, to be taken on an adventure of some kind. While I was taken for a ride, it certainly wasn't an enjoyable one.<br/><br/>It's an annoying read. A chapter ends with a buildup and a question that leaves the reader hanging. As a literary device, this works to build suspense. But when this type of cliff-hanger approach seemingly occurs in every-single-chapter, it gets old, and fast. What little build-up there is, is a let down as the mysteries are revealed and questions are answered. As far as revealing secrets, when the "big bomb" is dropped, there is little satisfaction and, like the previous novels, we feel duped. The revelation just isn't revelatory. While we may be gotten by a gotcha, it's cheap. This is probably the most consistent failure in all of the Robert Langdon books.<br/><br/>There's no sympathy for any of the characters, nor do we care about the climax or if the protagonists succeed in thwarting the eminent disaster. The character's actions just aren't realistic; it seems they, that in the microcosm of Dan Brown fiction, everyone must act a certain way in order for the plot to unfold as the author would like, regardless of logic (or lack thereof).<br/><br/>What worked in Angels and Demons, worked to a lesser extent in the DaVinci Code, and even less so here. Instead of the author leading us through an adventure, Dan Brown, by the time we're half-way through The Lost Symbol, has to drag us kicking and screaming.<br/><br/>Oh, and let's not forget the post climax denouement in which everything that has been built up through the preceding five hundred pages is torn down. As an author, I must say, it's a talent to be able to restore order, overcome the story's conflict, and yet have the characters grow not a bit.
 I hate when authors stop writing novels and start writing 'direct to movie, here's the screenplay' BAH. Brown has unfortunately done this with The Lost Symbol. His previous works were good reads but this one is purely lazy writing, knowing that it's going to be made into a movie. If you were to take out the blank spaces at the end and at the beginning of each chapter, the book would shrink to half its size. This is one of the measures I use when determining quality writing. More blank space = lower quality. I found the writing to be plain, boring and utterly predicable. At least in his other novels, I actually felt like I learned a bit of history. This one? No. As I was reading it, I felt like Brown could have gone FARTHER explaining almost everything in this book, but instead, just glossed over points to make it "easier" to understand. I liked the complexity of his other novels, I liked the history. The Lost Symbol was a watered down version of what could have been an excellent book. I was very disappointed.
 That was absolutely terrible.  I'm a fan of Dan Brown's previous novels but this was awful.  It just plodded along, saying the same thing over and over, blah, blah, blah... I'm upset at myself for having read the whole thing. Ugh!
 The Lost Symbol can easily be described as the most highly anticipated book since the last Harry Potter, maybe even more so. Its first initial print run is 6.5 million copies and it is poised to be just as big as its predecessor, The DaVinci Code which sold over 40 million copies.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, it's nowhere near as good (as I recall) as its predecessor, in fact, it's downright bad.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol brings the eagerly awaited return of Brown's hero Robert Langdon. This time he finds himself investigating secrets hidden in our own capital in order to rescue a friend from a deranged madman. This time he deals with the legendary, and oft discussed, Masons. The secrets brown discusses here on their own would be fascinating but for some reason everything we get here is rather bland and well almost boring.<br/><br/>The bloated novel runs over 500 pages, most of which seem like the same four or five scenes over and over again. Langdon states that whatever it is they're discussing is a myth or a metaphor, someone else says they can prove it, and Langdon has his mind blown.<br/><br/>The main villain seems like he is crafted specifically for the inevitable film adaptation and his revelations are so predictable that I had it figured out almost instantaneously.<br/><br/>It's a wildly overblown plot that is stretched out to its absolute limits to give the illusion of an epic when the actual quality is barely better than a $.99 trashy pulp novel. Even scenes that were meant to be shocking were downright laughable.<br/><br/>Sure the history is interesting, but the information around it was so heavy handed and poorly constructed that it makes one wonder what the fuss was about. This is what we've been waiting six years for? Such a massive let down.<br/><br/>Here is the worst part: The Lost Symbol has the single biggest cop out ending I have ever read. Don't worry I won't spoil it but my reaction was "WTF? Are you #(*$#($# kidding me? Really? REALLY? This is what we get?"<br/><br/>That may be paraphrased for humor. Then again it might not be.<br/><br/>I've never thought that Dan Brown was a literary master but I did enjoy his previous works. I don't know what's different now but I can see now that he's just not that good at all. One of the most annoying parts of The Lost Symbol is how much the characters think dialogue. I don't know if he thinks this kind of thing is natural or what but it is downright bothersome in the book.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol will be a massive hit, that is for sure, but it really is one of the biggest disappointments the literary world has spewed out in this critic's recent memory.<br/><br/>If you are so inclined, and honestly, I hope you aren't, The Lost Symbol is in stores now.<br/><br/> ...]
 On Amazon alone as of today, there are more than 2,400 reviews of Dan Brown's latest novel, "The Lost Symbol," so there's little need for another one covering the book's entirety.  Brown has written better books, and worse.  Overall this one is an entertaining but uneven diversion with a fairly preachy exhortation at its end.<br/><br/>The most compelling element in "The Lost Symbol" is the antagonist Mal'akh.  I've read all Brown's novels, and consistently have found the vast majority of the characters populating them uniformly flat and two-dimensional.  Not so with Mal'akh. (In modern Hebrew, mal'akh is the general word for "angel.")  Brown does a great job endowing this character with dimension, depth, pain, and even a touch of pathos.  Of all the characters Brown has created for his novels, Mal'akh is by far the most interesting; more interesting even, dare I say, than the redoubtable Robert Langdon himself.
 I really enjoyed Da Vinci Code, moderately enjoyed Angels and Demons.<br/>Hated this book.<br/>Plot moved at a ponderous pace; numerous factual errors a 6th grader could spot; a blind man with cataracts (they cure that these day, Mr. Brown); huge lapses in federal ethics guidelines (hiring one's sister and building her an enormously expensive high-tech lab on federal property- I don't think so).  If the book were filed under "fantasy," I could be more lenient; at least I'm supposed to suspend my sense of reality.<br/><br/>No believable motivation for the villain was given. One day a drug addict in prison, next day a super-villain who can kill without leaving a trace.<br/><br/>And the sexism really rankled me.  Katharine Solomon gets called "Ms." but Langdon gets called "Professor."<br/><br/>I agree with the other reviewers  who gave this book one star; wish I could give it a negative star
 It was a fun read. The author's attention to existing facts makes his books more interesting to read. A bit of Indiana Jones style but it does keep you turning. The unfolding mystery adds to the fun. Always a bit predictable, but still enjoyable.
 I was given the Lost Symbol as Christmas gift because I had expressed interest in the book. Outside of this book, I had read none of Dan Brown's books--just watched The Da Vinci Code which I enjoyed and Angels &amp; Demons which I didn't care much for in the end. I had heard many criticisms of Brown's "writing abilities" so I was prepared for what lay ahead, especially after reading many negative reviews.<br/><br/>The moment I opened the book and read the first page... I could NOT put it down. When people use the expression "it's a page turner" or "you won't want to put it down", I have had very few books do that for me. The Lost Symbol is a book that was delightful and thrilling to read. Some reviewers noted little history or the way characters responded and went on and on and I expect a minority actually read the book.<br/><br/>I won't spend my time explaining the plot because you can look it up elsewhere or just read it here. If you buy this book, you will not be disappointed. It really is thrilling and interesting and the twists--yes there are twists--but they are so good! Maybe I'm lame for liking this book, but then again, the Twilight Saga exists--and trust me when I say: this is not as bad (or bad at all in my case).
 I have to say, I'm a little surprised at all the negative comments on this book.  Personally, it sounds more like people trying to sound like they're better than everyone and this book is beneath them.  This was actually my favorite book in the series.  I can see the bad guy being played by Tom Hardy.  Don't get me wrong, this isn't a literary masterpiece; but does exactly what a book is supposed to do, entertain.  And it does it well.
 I was so excited to find this book at Costco for around  ...]. the first day it came out.  I settled down after lunch in my comfortable chair with a fresh cup of coffee and the book.  A couple of hours later I realized that this book is just tiresome to wade through. I doubt I'll even finish it.  Maybe part of rating it one star is the disappointment I felt when I realized was just not a good book.<br/><br/>It is much too long, I'm about half way through and am all impressed with Dan Brown's intelligence but not his ability to still write an great book. I think Dan Brown saw info on Noetics and decided it would make a great part of a plot for a book.  Guess what, it didn't.<br/><br/>I've enjoyed 3 of Dan Brown's other books but this one is a total dud.<br/><br/>If you feel you must read it, check it out from the library or wait for the paperback.  I'll bet in a week or so second hand book stores will have lots of the hardback.
 It's always amusing to read how some people can take Dan so serious. He's a fiction writer. Problem is that in a world where logical thinking is not taught in school anymore, people really can't distinguish where Dan takes a left. And another, and another.<br/>Sure, he made a couple of back handed swipes at my personal beliefs, but much of his message is agreeable.<br/><br/>But, on to the story. The characters were plausible for the most part. As usual some parts of the story just did not line up. The plot itself was kind of silly, but Dan has a way of building up expectation so when the bomb is dropped you feel like it must be important. The bad guy always takes you by surprise, unless you understand how Dan likes to twist the end by dangling it in front of you the whole time.<br/><br/>The wrap-up of the story serves more as an apology to everyone he offended during the story. Apology accepted.
 I've read all of the other Dan Brown books and knew what I was getting into. He writes action fluff with bland characters. The two previous books relating to religion were interesting because they make you set aside whatever assumptions you have about the Catholic church and Christianity and think.<br/><br/>This book is a train wreck and yes, I can explain why.<br/><br/>It's pretty obvious even in the beginning that Mr. Brown spent an enormous amount of time doing research on settings and masonic history and culture. The problem is that Mr. Brown didn't spend anywhere near as much time and effort on a workable story. He took all of his research and jammed into a wholly unbelievable, boring, and creepily stupid story.<br/><br/>Frankly, I couldn't even finish the book. I got to the last 20 pages and just said to myself, "Forget it. This is just dumb. I can't have my brain abused like this anymore."<br/><br/>So seriously...I know you may have liked the other books. So I recommend borrowing it from a friend or a library. I'm sure there will be piles of cheap copies at book fairs too. If you only spend a buck, hey, it's good for getting your outdoor fireplace started.<br/><br/>It's not worth the time or effort to read it and it is certainly not worth paying for.<br/><br/>David Cornelson<br/>Geneva/IL
 I read Angels &amp; Demons shortly after seeing the movie "The DaVinci Code." While I loved Angels &amp; Demons (at that time I was a freshman in high school), I can't stand this book. It's been a while since I've read the other book, so it might suffer from the same flaws this one does. Regardless, here's why I don't recommend this:<br/><br/>1. Every chapter ends with a major cliffhanger. It felt as if I were on a roller coaster; not a Cedar Point, Millennium Force coaster, but one in a small-town fair. There was a small bump every five or so pages that broke Brown's flow. This was extremely annoying.<br/><br/>2. Repetition of words and scenes. Every girl is described as "playful." Every action that isn't serious is "playful." Can you think of another word, Mr. Brown?<br/><br/>3. Another reviewer compared this book to Lost, hinting that Lost is poorly written. I'd beg to differ. Lost builds momentum, has question after question, everything in the show has a purpose, and its final season explains everything. Basically, it was all worth the wait. This book is has no where near the same depth as Lost's plot line. I felt like it was haphazardly thrown together (characters appearing out of no where, scenes with no purpose, etc.) and that the plot had little difference from that of the DaVinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons: Langdon gets an emergency call that puts him in the middle of a giant conspiracy that ultimately finds him a girlfriend as he educates readers and his own audience about controversial topics in early Christian History. Same old, same old.<br/><br/>I put the book down fifteen or so chapters in after I had looked up the ending on Wikipedia. Just as I suspected, Langdon saves the day, gets rewarded, and preaches religious tolerance. While I'm a huge proponent of religious tolerance, I don't think Dan Brown's the guy best able to illustrate it.
 Digital Fortress was an entertaining if forgettable read, Angels &amp; Demons was good fun even though the bad writing was impossible to ignore, Deception Point's plot was amusing, and I  was entirely entertained with The Da Vinci Code, but The Lost Symbol is a stunningly awful book. The Langdon character has become a slow witted, pedantic bore. The Solomon's are unbelievable super-beings like something out of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. The clever associations that worked so well in The Da Vinci Code, are often already familiar in The Lost Symbol. The villain is something out of a comic book. I found myself intermittently screaming out loud at the stupidity of it all.<br/><br/> The Lost Symbol  might be turned into a good film, but the read is an aggravating waste of time.
 I read the The Da Vinci Code book first and that has turned into one of my favorite books of all time, then naturally I bought this one, because now I am a huge Dan Brown fan. So here is what I have to say about this book, DO NOT think that this book is fact, it's a fiction novel, if you want to learn more about the topics and history that are referenced in the book then do your own research. With that being said, this book is a great FICTION novel. Dan Browns writing is still average, but he still has the ability to grab your attention and just take you for a fun ride. He really should get a new editor though, because his descriptions of the environment that characters are in, is kind of bland for some reason, I don't know why. Other then that he is a good writer and this book is so worthy of buying and reading. His Da Vinci code book had a slightly better ending, but this one was awesome too. The only thing that was a little disappointing was the drag that it took to get there, and the extra dribble after the ending climax. Again, that shouldn't over shadow the overall pleasure I had reading this book!! So go read it now!! You will like it !
 As a rule, I usually do not read novels but considering the hype and the subject matter of Mr. Brown's latest novel, I forced myself to read it.  If you've seen the movies or read the books "Angels and Demons" or "The DaVinci Code", simply take all the pseudo-history and junk science and transport it to Washington D.C. instead of Rome or Paris, and you get this book.  Like Mr. Brown's previous works, this novel strains the readers' credulity until you're halfway through the book and at the point you might as well finish it.  On the other hand, if not for Mr. Brown's work this decade, the publishing business might not be where it is right now, so for that, the author deserves respect for resurrecting a moribund industry.  Overall, if you like Dan Brown, you are going to like this book.  Serious readers, stay away and you will be much better for it.
 I did enjoy reading "The Lost Symbol" but the driving story smacks much too closely to that found in "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels &amp; Demons" -- it's really feels like the same recipe but with different window dressing and different (but similar) puzzles.<br/><br/>I DID appreciate all the details that Brown provides;  the man DOES do his research and turns up some fascinating nuggets.  It's almost better to consider the book a tour guide of the bizarre secrets of Washington D.C. and unusual tidbits of American history pasted together with a modicum of familiar story.<br/><br/>I'd like to see Brown's next novel keep the historical, factual nature of his three current Langdon novels but look for a much fresher story in which to wrap it all in.<br/><br/>Bottom line:  I enjoyed the book and recommend it, but it comes with a distinct aroma of déjà vu.
 It does not take very many pages of "The Lost Symbol" to realize you have experienced this plot before.<br/>Much of it is like "The Da Vinci Code," with some "National Treasure" included. Robert Langdon seems to be unable to<br/>escape from the "Groundhog Day" nature of his life. He keeps doing the same things, with a few new faces, and a different location.<br/><br/>This book deals with the Masons, and their secrets. Langdon, of course, is wise and intelligent. He understands that<br/>everyone is a bit odd, and if you get in the other fellow's shoes, you can understand what he holds sacred.<br/>Not a bad philosophy, really, if its applied wisely.  You have to give Dan Brown credit for tolerance.<br/><br/>The first half of the book is best.  The plot holds together fairly well until the last half of the book. Then, it spins out of control, and becomes much less enjoyable.  Still, it held me, and made me want to see how it would end.<br/><br/>I always marvel at the incredible energy of Dan Brown's characters. Their adventures take place in a very short period of time. They suffer terror, hot pursuits, and the constant need to elude villains and the law.  While doing this, they do not, apparently, need to go to the bathroom, eat, or fall asleep.<br/><br/>I got a chuckle at the end when one of the characters---Peter Solomon----who has had his hand cut off, and has been at death's door, suddenly finds the energy to drive Langdon around Washington D.C. in an SUV.<br/>It is an amazing example of healing.<br/><br/>And I must add one more thing. Once again, Langdon is the king of platonic relationships. The girl is his, or could be, but he lets her go. One cannot help but wish that when it is all over, Langdon would do something with the girl.<br/>Hey, after what he has been through, he, and the reader, deserve it.<br/><br/>The villain is a truly awful fellow, and his identity is hidden until the end of the novel. His reptilian nature, and<br/>creepy ways are quite engaging. He is a guy you love to hate, and you would be horrified to meet him.<br/><br/>Its not a great book, but it is readable diversion. I had fun with it, and it kept me wanting to learn how it would end.<br/>You can do worse than that.
 Normally,I don't write a review on the Internet to be critical but I felt I had to do it after reading this book. I finished reading this book last evening and felt it was a total waste of time.  I should have looked at the customer review ratings prior to starting it.  It's interesting in that considering the large number of customer reviews, the number of those with 5 stars are nearly as much with 1 star.<br/><br/>First,Dan Brown's writing style in this book seems to not even be geared towards intelligent adults.  Secondly, I felt that he followed the same formula as in The Davinci Code.  The villain is the same type of nut job.  The time span of the story is in less then 24 hours and everything is at breakneck speed.  I also am in agreement with the other reviewers regarding the cliffhanger endings to several chapters such as "...and then Langdon saw it."  Third, the "secret" was not something that "grabbed" the reader.  Fourth,the ending was tedious.  I felt that I had to get it over with. I can go on and on.<br/><br/>I feel that I have been generous in giving this book 2 stars, I am giving consideration to Brown in that he had to put effort into writing it.  I feel that I have been taken by Brown in buying it and wasting time on it.  I can't believe that he will hoodwink the public and make more money in putting out special illustrated editions, etc.  I don't think I will be reading any further writings of his.
 I really enjoyed Dan Brown's first two "Da Vinci Code" books. They were well written, fun, exciting, can't put it down and have to stay up all night thrillers. I even enjoyed Mr. Brown's interesting view of Christianity and the Catholic church. The first two books those books were so well done that they motivated me to once again study the history, topics and people Mr. Brown presented. They were thought provoking and always good material as a conversation starter or debate topic. However, The Lost Symbol has nothing in common with the first two books. It is poorly written, the presentation of the Masons, Noetic science, Christianity and other topics are jumbled and disorganized. I'm not the most original thinker and even I figured out the plot twists and surprises long before they were presented.I could go on for several paragraphs and describe in detail what's wrong with The Lost Symbol but isn't worth the time of effort because it is just a terrible book.<br/><br/>Save your money and go to Applebee's for their 2 for $20.00 deal. It's a better value and a whole lot more fun.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books, and while I'm not a huge fan, I do enjoy his stories and the fantastical idea that there could be some huge conspiracy or esoterica out there that only a few people know about. Dan Brown's writing could use some work, and he's not crafting great literature here, but the content of his stories usually makes up for that, and his latest novel, The Lost Symbol, is no exception. This is the third book to follow Robert Langdon, a Harvard Symbologist who previously showed up in Angels &amp; Demons: A Novel (Robert Langdon), and The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is very similar to his previous books, in that it has the same formulaic plot, structure, and theme, only this time it takes place in Washington, D.C. and involves the Freemasons instead of the Knights Templar. Just like in the Da Vinci Code, Langdon is called to Washington at a friend's request, only to find him missing, and spends the rest of the book chasing clues throughout the city and trying to outwit a new villain who is seemingly as smart as he is.<br/><br/>As mentioned above, the formula in The Lost Symbol is almost exactly the same. After only a few chapters into the book, I started drawing immediate comparisons to National Treasure (Widescreen Edition), and I could see some readers making that claim if it weren't for a few exceptions: Langdon is more likable than Ben Gates, the mysteries are much more involved and well-researched, and there is noticeably more action and suspense. This time, rather than trying to ignore some rather large plot holes, as contained in the Da Vinci Code, you will have to suspend your disbelief that a Harvard professor is physically capable of so many close calls. It almost reads more like an Ian Fleming novel than a book about a mid-50s professor trying to solve a centuries-old scavenger hunt. That works out well because a lot of books of this genre can get weighed down by the scientific or historical aspects and bore you to death.<br/><br/>That's not to say that The Lost Symbol doesn't have its faults. The first is most notably the writing. While it has certainly improved since The Da Vinci Code, it still seems rather sophomoric, and not on par with someone who is one of the biggest-selling authors in the last twenty years. Even though it's fiction, some of the characters' actions really made me wonder if Brown has had much human contact while writing the book. There are other annoyances that he repeats in the book, but I won't bring them up for fear that mentioning them may cause future readers to have their attention constantly drawn to them. Overall though, the writing is not terrible and the plot is suspenseful enough that I can overlook it. Another theme that Brown plays around with is the concept of "mind over matter." He provides a great deal of research on the subject (too much in some chapters), but I still found it a little too out there, and wish he had chosen a different angle.<br/><br/>I think this book will appeal not only to Dan Brown fans, but to fans of Douglas Preston and Lee Child (Langdon is almost a clone of the Agent Pendergast character), James Rollins, Michael Crichton (there are certainly a lot of influences here as far as research into a book goes), and with this book, Clive Cussler (the action is on par with anything Dirk Pitt would see).<br/><br/>If I had to rank it, I would put The Lost Symbol below Angels and Demons, and above Da Vinci Code. While I don't think it's worth of 5 stars, it was certainly an enjoyable read and enough to satiate me until the next book comes out (provided he doesn't wait as long as he did for this one).
 I checked this book out from the library (actually, I got it on audio and downloaded it into my itunes) and am very glad I paid not a cent for it.  The best part about the time I spent with this book was the narrator, who has an eveness of expression and a versitile vocal range that was also fantastic in the audio of DaVinci Code. But as I listened to this book, Lost Symbol, while at work, I became so irritated with hearing the same words over and over again - Dan Brown's signature words - that I began to take note of how bloody often they came up, both from character's mouths and in the story's descriptions; indeed these words are staggerinly overused in this book.  It would not be a stretch to postulate, in fact, that the following words were mentioned six times on each page; I simply kept a notepad document open and added a word if I heard it more than a dozen times:<br/><br/>brotherhoods, wisdom, mysteries, secret, guardians, history, myth, centuries, religious, masons, masonic, custodians, feared, ancient, protecting, impenetrable, perfect, precise, empowering, impenetrable, portal, symbol, engraved, unveil, dangerous, precision, decipher, encoded, secret language, mysterious, encrypted, obscured, mankind, imbued, unveils, sacred, decipher, scholar, well known, early philosophers and artists, instant, in accordance, modern, meticulous, art, cataclysmic, unleash, dire, destroyed, crimson, ordained, key, map,  mystical traditions, alchemist...<br/><br/>I apologize if my list repeats itself; I must've spent too much time with this novel (bada bing!).<br/><br/>So what I recommend for those considering reading this book, is that you simply read the above words, weave a ridiculous and anticlimactic story between them, and save yourself the two weeks I wasted by simply making up your own plot.  I bet you'll come up with something better/more interesting/more plausible.  And if you still must read this book, only read every OTHER chapter and you won't miss a beat, since there are no less than 175 throw-away pages in this tired, sad, past-its-prime, beating a dead horse, little book.
 Let me start by saying I am on the fence about Dan Brown.  He has had some good books (Angels,Da Vinci), and some not so good ones (Digital Fortress, Deception Point).  So it was with some modest trepidation that I purchased The Lost Symbol wondering if I should have waited a bit longer for the paperback version to come out and save some money.  After a somewhat quick 2 day read, I have come to the conclusion that I should have waited, or at least went to the local library and checked the book out for free.  Overall, it tells a somewhat interesting story, and even seems to make one or two good points in the end about humanity and the like.  However, I could not help but feel that much of the book, like a previous reviewer stated, was more of an an attempt to make it "movie-like" and fluff it up with all sorts of frivilous details that would have been better left out.  In addition, scattered throughout the book were refrences to Angels and Da Vinci Code that had no actual purpose for advancing the plot of the story.  It seemed like his follow-up work was more of a pitch of go back and read his previous two if you had not already done so.  I was even shocked to see critical reviews for The Da Vinci Code on the back cover and not reviews for the actual book I was about to read!!  It seems to me that Dan Brown, possibly not of his own volition, but that of his publishers, has fallen into the role of a cookie-cutter story teller where he takes the same outline that worked for his previous two books and simply inserted a few new facts and locations to make this book sell.  I feel that I did not experience anything new, but simply re-read an older story set in a new location.  Overall, I'd recommend folks to wait until the paperback comes out and save a few bucks, or even better yet, check it out at the library for free.
 `The Lost Symbol' is Dan Brown's long-awaited follow-up to `The DaVinci Code', and like `The DaVinci Code' and its predecessor `Angels &amp; Demons', `The Lost Symbol' is immersed in symbology, lavish art in a beautiful city, a secret society, an improbable bad guy, and a thrilling chase.  Brown definitely has a winning formula, and he sticks closely to it again, replacing Rome, Paris, and London with Washington DC; the Illuminati and Knights Templar with the Masons; and a lunatic priest and lunatic albino with a tattooed lunatic.  The hero, Robert Langdon, is again summoned to help out a friend and is in for more than he had bargained for, finding himself in a life-or death quest to fix an immediate problem by solving ancient secrets and riddles.<br/><br/>To contrast `Symbol' a little with its predecessors, there is less action here than in the others.  From a pure thrills perspective, `Symbols' is the inferior to both.  Thematically, this book is superior to `The DaVinci Code': if `Code' had a theme, it was overshadowed by the Mary Magdalene issue.  `Symbol' is inferior however to `Angels &amp; Demons', which effectively incorporated its theme of science versus faith into the plot.  The themes of `Symbol' are interesting.  The theological ideas of finding the true nature of god inside each of us and using our minds to change the world for the better are timely, and I think, as does Brown if the last word of the novel reflects his beliefs, hopeful.  The scientific sub-theme of Noetics was also fascinating.  I would have liked all of this better incorporated into the plot though.<br/><br/>Brown still hasn't learned to write.  In fact, his writing seems to have gotten worse.  A rambling 50-page denouement and constant melodramatic peeks into the characters' thoughts (Dear God..., Is this really the end?) needlessly clutter the prose. 50-75 pages could have cut to make this a tighter and better book.  It's sad to think one of the most famous and best-selling authors in the world really can't write all that well.  But the guy can tell a story.  He knows how to write a thriller.  He writes about the most fascinating subjects.  He's developed a great hero in Langdon, likable, smart, and mostly human.  And how he comes up with those codes is pure genius.<br/><br/>Brown fans will buy this book and like it.  For those interested in reading Brown for the first time, I recommend starting with `Angels' and working up chronologically.  For intellectual high-brows or artistic snobs, look elsewhere.  But they probably already knew that.
 I love all three novels in this series. Living in DC, I was happy to see Lost Symbol based here.  But living in DC, I also picked up on a flaw in Brown's research.  It's a minor thing, of no importance to the story, but shakes my faith in the research he's done into areas I know nothing of.<br/><br/>Here it is: He describes the Metro train coming out of the tunnel with a whoosh of warm air at the King Street station in Alexandria, VA.  But King Street is an elevated, open-air station. There is no tunnel. Brown must have visited the Washington Masonic Memorial in order to write the book, and there's no way he could stand in front of it and not see the King Street Metro.<br/><br/>Even if he's never been to the DC area, all he'd have to do is Google "King Street Metro", click the images link, and he'd see that there's no tunnel.  Truly sloppy work, Dan, but I still love your books.
 Another Robert Langdon adventure from Dan Brown. Same slightly lame story (a frantic scavenger hunt for information with a hot babe for a sidekick...an attempt to save a pretty good guy from a wicked bad guy  who, again, was physically odd looking and crazy] before the clock runs out and utter disaster befalls the world as we know it) filled with interesting and fun factoids and ideas (noetic science, universal consciousness, "secrets" of the freemasons). That the story took place in D.C and had lots of historical references made my nerdy little presidential-trivia loving heart go pitter pat, and ALMOST made up for the disappointment of figuring out the big "surprise" halfway through the book. Fun, but definitely predictable. Hopefully the next Robert Langdon story will have a different plot...if not it will undoubtedly be the last I read.
 After all these years of waiting for the "new" Dan Brown book Mr. Brown has published a throwaway, a money maker, a huge disappointment.  Where The Da Vinci Code was a good story bringing to popular fiction a story that has been known for over 200 years, his new book is just your average chase book. There is no "Lost Symbol".  We have read these so many times, Robert Ludlum perfected this type of chase and wrote some good stories around it.<br/>This new book is for the most part boring.  There are no new revelations being brought to light.  In the end we are very disappointed.  Also, I feel I got sucked in by the promise of something terrific.  Normally, I would give a book like this 50-75 pages and then I'd put it down forever.<br/>This is a poorly written book with a not very interesting story.  Much of what he asks us to believe about the bad guy is just dribble..crap.  So poorly written that I looked forward to his being only a tiny part of the book instead of the huge portion of the book Brown assigns him.<br/>Do not waste your time on this book.
 #minor spoilers ahead#<br/><br/>This is a dissapointing book given the long time that passed since the previous installment. It is understood that during this time Dan Brown had to deal with his huge unexpected success, be involved in two movies etc. Still I would have hoped after all this time to see a book a bit more mature and interesting.<br/><br/>Without repeating to much what other reviewers are said, Brown shows again he knows how to keep suspense and draw the user into a shadowy world of unknown history, esoteric trivia and mystery. However at the end all these does not add up into a meaningful message, and the reader is left with a feeling of "why did I bother".<br/>It seems that Brown lost much of his talent to create real surprise in his plot devices. Many of the plot twists and turns are so expected that they can be detected many chapters before they are actually revealed.<br/><br/>Unlike in DVC which was provocative and critical in its relation to christianity and church, it seems here there has been an effort to remain politically correct and to "be OK" with everyone, specially with mid-stream America. Except for the lone psychopatic killer, there are no bad guys in this story - Church, Masons, and even the CIA, all are good and noble in their beliefs and intentions. There are no real revelations or criticism with regards to the somewhat mysterious Masons.<br/>The most annoying part is the long ending of the book - after all the plot has been resolved, the good wins and the bad is punished, there comes a very long and boring part where the different characters priech to each other - and specially to the reader - with pseudo-mystical and pseudeo-scientifical arguments the importance of God and Faith, the need to release our internal amazing capabilities, and so on and so forth. This again tries to be compelling both to mid-stream christian America as well as to new-age liberals. This part actually spoiled what could have been a reasonable reading and left me with a bitter after-taste.<br/><br/>Despite everything I still give the book 3 stars since in most part it still provides an interesting and suspensful reading. But it could have been much better.
 Late in life, David O. Selznick would complain that after he made Gone with the Wind (1939), every picture he did was compared to GWTW and, of course, none of them measured up.<br/><br/> So I wasn't expecting another mega hit like The Da Vinci Code. But I was expecting something insanely inventive, like The Da Vinci Code or Deception Point, and that's what I got. Accordingly, my rating for The Lost Symbol is based on the merits of this novel standing on its own.<br/><br/> That said, The Lost Symbol's plot structure is bizarrely similar to TDVC. When I first started noticing the parallels (which didn't take long) I felt annoyed. I feared that since Dan Brown had hit a home run with the plot structure in TDVC, he had simply made a cookie cutter copy in TLS. But then I got into the flow of TLS and found it simply amusing to spot the parallels.<br/><br/>A few of the more obvious parallels:<br/>1) TDVC featured a special number, 1.618 (phi). TLS features a special number, 33.<br/>2) TDVC decoded secrets with poetry in iambic pentameter. TLS decodes secrets with numbers in magic squares (by Albrecht Dürer and Benjamin Franklin).<br/>3) TDVC featured a bizarre character driven to kill by the greed of others. TLS features a bizarre character driven to kill by his own greed.<br/><br/>But as I said, finding the parallels serves only as an amusement. What matters is that the story moves right along and constantly introduces us to aspects of history that they somehow forgot to tell us about in high school, such as the ascension of George Washington to godlike status. I also liked the insights into the Freemasons. If I had known about this group in my younger days I would have been seriously interested in joining them.<br/><br/>What I didn't like so much was the over-the-top stuff, such as Noetic Science and the description of a new high-tech way to torture people. But as the saying goes, you don't know how much is enough until you know how much is too much.<br/><br/>Overall, an excellent read. There just isn't anyone else who can come up with arcane historical and technical material and weave it into a thriller like Dan Brown. Thanks, Dan.<br/><br/>PS - If you have any interest at all in things mathematical (and mine is marginal), you'll want to check out Dürer's AMAZING magic square. How did anyone ever come up with something like this? How is this even possible? See the "Albrecht Dürer's magic square" segment in the Wikipedia article at<br/> ...]
 In this review I don't plan to compare this new Brown book with THE BOOK.  Rather, I want to add a long-time Washingtonian's reactions to this much anticipated volume set in the nation's capital.  For those who like secret codes, hidden clues, incomprehensible cryptic charts and other Brown specialities, you will not be disappointed. While not much goes on in the first 70 pages or so, at that point the book takes off and becomes a real page turner. There is a lot of information to internalize, but the book ain't dull.  Brown generally does a good job on his Washington geography and folkways, but there are some exceptions:  Metro stations do not serve Amtrak; Metro trains do not have conductors; it would be impossible to land a copter in Dupont Circle park due to the trees. The CIA I believe is still foreclosed by law from taking actions within the U.S.--none of the Chiefs of the Capitol Hill police we have had would prostrate themselves to the CIA, especially not on their own turf. As a Kalorama resident, I found Brown's setting of an important part of the story in "Kalorama Heights" to be fun, but I think he was on the wrong side of Connecticut Avenue and really meant Kalorama. But I learned some things from the book, especially about the interior of the Capitol and the art present in the building, and enough about the Masons to last me a lifetime. I also will never look at some familiar buildings the same way again.<br/><br/>Brown also educated me on abstruse concepts like "universal consciousness" and "noetic science."  The guy supplements his fantastic imagination with substantial research--no wonder he ran two years over his deadline.  I do think there are a few too many subplots; and the big surprise knocked me flat even though it was really stretching things. There are plenty of cryptic charts to keep the interested busy for a while--the book is well put together.  But Brown has committed my one "sin to be avoided at all costs."  Several of his characters act in such a dumb fashion, oblivious to the most obvious warning signs, that it drives me up the wall (yes, Katherine, I am talking about you!). Nonetheless, a worthy successor volume to THE BOOK which stands alone quite nicely on its own. Enjoy!
 I enjoyed "DaVinci Code." I enjoyed "Angels and Demons" even more and thoroughly enjoyed the illustrated editions of both books. "The Lost Symbol" was a disappointment. While the idea of using Washington DC as a setting for exploring early-American symbolism seemed fascinating, it didn't pan out; apparently, there aren't that many interesting symbols in DC after all. And, the big conspiracy wasn't so big. The giant cabal turned out to be closer to a Rotary Club than Comintern. Worse, a major subplot involving metaphysics was silly and wound up having little to do with the story.<br/><br/>After the historical and intellectual sweep and scope of the earlier two books, "The Lost Symbol" just seemed...smaller. If you're a Dan Brown fan, I'd wait for the paperback. If you're not a Dan Brown fan, I recommend reading "Angels and Demons" and "The DaVinci Code" first.
 Okay, well then. Dan Brown is amazing. His first book was a super yarn! Angels and Demons. Yikes! (I'm sorry, I don't really know if that was his FIRST book, but its the first I know of). Then there was DaVinci Code. Good. Solid. Didn't have the delicious implausibility of Angels, but then again, some would say that's an improvement. I would probably disagree. Then there was The Lost Symbol. Wow. I was primed. Ready for some answers, some insight; enlightenment. And that would be...I can't tell you, it would ruin the book. But I was underwhelmed. Yep. Sorry. It just didn't pan out for me, I'm sorry. The symbol stuff? Good stuff. Masons? Cool bunch of dudes. Hearts' seem right. But the book. The scenes, from one 'magnificent' room to another. 'Special CIA' treatment. Going from Enemy #1 to Holiday Hero. I don't know. Its all just too much! Sorry!<br/><br/>I wish I knew what I was hungry for. Maybe it was some way to correlate all this deep, secret stuff with who I am. Or why I'm here. Or what is happening in the world today; I mean, really happening. How can you write a book, any book, fiction or non-fiction, and not have some of the truth of life, of you, of us, of this great turning we are in, leak through? Because that's what it felt like - a great idea gone awry. So much talent, so...undirected.
 How does one follow up one of the bestselling novels of all time? How does one write knowing that the finished product will sell millions of copies regardless and will certainly be made into a movie? Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol is no Da Vinci Code, but it's also a pretty good page-turner on its own. Brown's protagonist, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon, finds himself an unwilling participant in a plot (this time in Washington D.C.) to steal the lost symbol from the Masons, a brotherhood dating back hundreds of years. Like the previous books this one is part thriller and part travelogue. As Robert and company are racing to save the lives of others as well as their own, we are treated to a historical tour of the more notable parts of the nation's capital.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is worth reading, especially if you enjoyed the first two books of the series.
 With the Da Vinci Code being incredibly successful, Dan Brown had to wonder how he could match or even top that success. Several years later, here is the result, the Lost Symbol. In this thriller, Robert Langdon spends the night in Washington DC tracking down the century old secrets of the masons and other societies and religions dating back thousands of years.<br/><br/>I've read all of Brown's novels, and really enjoyed Digital Forces, Deception Point and Angels and Demons. I started not liking the Davinci Code as I read it and before I reached the "startling" conclusion. Each chapter ended with Langdon deciphering a code and me wondering "how did he get that from that" then realizing its fiction so I kept reading.<br/><br/>Everyone has heard about the Masons and their supposed secrets as well as the many masonic symbols in American history, such as the pyramid in the dollar bill. This book expounds on those. This book is a clone of the Da Vinci Code except it fails to match up to its predecessor in many areas. First, after reading, I wonder how Brown filled up 500 pages. Langdon does very little code deciphering or symbol interpreting. Second, the bad guy is just one man, and seems to have a lot more power than necessary. Finally, the big secret is<br/>a big letdown.<br/><br/>I don't know if Brown feels like he has to bash Christianity in his novels or what, but in this one he attacks every religion in a can't we all just get along type conclusion. I'm not going to spoil any of the big secrets, but it really is kind of silly, and the conclusion makes the previous 490 pages kind of meaningless (They were fighting over that!?)<br/><br/>While I was critical above, the book did keep my interest and kept me turning the pages. Fans of Brown should read Katherine Neville's The Eight for more code breaking adventures (but avoid its sequel, the Fire).<br/><br/>Based on the numbers, this book is a hit. But chances are a lot of people are going to be disappointed and let down. This book just doesn't deliver.
 One probably shouldn't expect Dan Brown to ever top the The Da Vinci Code, but even with unhindered expectations this 3rd Langdon / Symbology mystery-thriller is a bit of a snooze, although that's not due to a lack of setting and premise.  Those elements are as appealing as ever, more so since instead of the usual far-off locations and ancient history presented in both Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code, here we have a locale and era much closer to home for Americans:  none other than our own Washington D.C., and the theory that America's history and her founding fathers are steeped in Masonic lore and mystical secrets.<br/><br/>When Langdon is summoned by old friend Peter Solomon, a powerful Washington figure as well as a modern-day Mason, he thinks he's simply being called on to do one of the things he does best - lecture to a rapturous audience about symbology, which I find a fascinating subject all by itself.  Soon after arriving in D.C., however, Langdon is yanked into the midst of a bizarre and sinister plot that threatens the security of the country and even the world, yadda yadda yadda.<br/><br/>It's vintage Dan Brown with its lightning-fast pacing and cliffhanger chapter endings, chock full of interesting tidbits along the way to keep us interested, and we're much like the doomed children of Hamelin as we follow Brown's Pied Piper out of the village and into oblivion.  Where the story falters is in the characterization.  It's never been Brown's strength to begin with, and I don't know that his characters - including Langdon, although he's slightly more compelling - are meant to be much more than tools to move the storyline along.  Still, we need something to sink our teeth into with these characters.  Brown's formula usually includes a bizarre, almost Bond-esque villain who either wants something only Langdon can deliver, be it knowledge or an actual object, or wants Langdon out of the way so the criminal's evil deed can be fulfilled.  The villain here, a physically and mentally freakish man we know only as Mal'akh, is so two-dimensional and unrealistic that he struck me as a comic book character, and I thought he detracted from the value of the story rather than enhanced it.<br/><br/>Still not a bad book, and certainly an entertainer for the beach or other casual reading.  Where Brown lacks in depth he makes up for with master craftsmanship in creativity and story structure, and his patent on the esoteric thriller is rock solid.
 The Lost Symbol is EXACTLY what you'd expect: long on breath-taking (if not quite credible) reveals, short on character and plot development; decently written, yet a far cry from great literature.  It is, in other words, a quintessential Dan Brown novel.  If you haven't enjoyed other DB novels, LS won't convert you.  If you have enjoyed other DB novels, LS will feel very familiar.  And welcome enough, though the DB formula is getting a bit tired.  As for those reviewers who whinge about inaccuracy in DB novels, they are taking what, to any sane person, are little more than in-flight rags way too seriously.  LS, like the other Robert Langdon novels, is mind candy with only the faintest trace of mind.  Read these novels for a bit of entertainment and to pass the time -- nothing more.  By that standard, LS is good as the others.
 Parts of this book were quite creative and held out great promise, most of which unfortunately was never developed. Noetics? Given that this potentially fascinating tool/threat was flatly acknowledged as not yet ready to be shared and was never put to use, most of explorations into the topic felt like vast and unnecessary asides rather than an active part of the plot. There were also glaring plot holes - strange choices by smart characters that should have known better, long sections of lecturing and academic games between supposedly traumatized and exhausted characters, and an underwhelming conclusion. It was worth reading for many of the interesting historical asides and unusual ideas, but it won't be making my personal collection of keepers.
 The Da Vinci Code was good.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons was not so good.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol, the third book in this trilogy (and hopefully the last) is not good at all.  It is tedious, boring and its obvious formulaic similarity to the prior Robert Langdon books is just too much.<br/><br/>It is not that Dan Brown cannot write.  He has the technical tools.  I fear the problem has become that he is overly enamored with writing about things in the minutest detail to show that he has been thorough in his research.  So what.  Minutiae does not equate with a good read.  Almost anyone, with sufficient time and interest can research anything on the internet these days.  And, this fascination with Masonry has grown very tiresome.<br/><br/>Per his usual formula, he has a sadistic, monomaniacal antagonist, who is set on wreaking havoc of one sort or another in a plodding, methodical way.  Langdon must figure out what is going on and put a halt to the nefarious plot.  Simple enough in principle, but Brown's tiresome discourses on various and sundry things having nothing much to do with the plot makes this book nearly impossible to read.  The book seems cold and I could not become engaged with the characters at all.<br/><br/>Sadly, all of Brown's works reflect a similar writing style.  When you pick one up and open it you know you are going to get something remarkably like on of his other works.  That does not speak well for an author.  Compare Dan Brown to Elmore Leonard and you will see just what I mean.<br/><br/>Give it a miss.
 This is the third Dan Brown book featuring the symbologist Robert Langdon.  In this novel, Robert is tricked into going to Washington, DC, and is in a race against time to solve a Masonic puzzle in order to save his friend's life.  Complicating the picture is his friend's sister, whose research involves the effects of the mind over matter and a strange, ritualistic villain. While I wanted to like this one as much as his previous 2 novels, I found that this one felt more formulaic and at times, predictable. I did find the puzzles and rituals surrounding the Masons to be intriguing but less satisfying than those in the previous 2 books. I found some of the plot twists to be quite unbelievable, bordering on ridiculous.  All in all, I found this to be a decent page turner, but not a book that I could rave about to anyone.
 well... they are and they aren't.<br/><br/>First, a few minor points that should be obvious.<br/><br/>-The DVC and A+D are two really tough acts to follow, I am not surprised DB is incapable of hitting a home run each time... and who is?<br/><br/>-I see a lot about the book being just like the others he's written in the past (if you've one read Dan Brown novel you've read them all), which in large part, it is.. but be fair here, it didn't stop John Grisham or J.K. Rowling from writing the same novel 7 different times... I have been silently praying for those 2 to stop writing books for years.<br/><br/>The good:<br/><br/>-Give Brown credit, he obviously put some effort and homework into researching the topics, which I hope is something you really appreciate like I do, or you shouldn't be wasting your time with his works.<br/><br/>-It definitely had some of those page-turner qualities of his old books that made you incapable of putting it down or racing home from work to read it.<br/><br/>-Personally, though he is being accused of not being the greatest writer over it, I like the fact that his books make for fairly light reading. I don't think he's an awful writer like many people seem to, I rather enjoy his literary style for the most part.<br/><br/>The bad:<br/><br/>-Like all of his books, it's simply too long. He is given to repetitive rants, particularly when in the mind of his villains, way past the point of absorption by reader.<br/><br/>-He thoroughly ABUSED his cliff hanger chapter endings. It got really old and started to feel gimmicky and like the book was simply skipping around too much.<br/><br/>-The same "sub plots" are played over and over again. The one that keeps coming to mind now is how many times they couldn't solve a puzzle, and then all of the sudden it was simple, how could have they not have seen it before?? Lame.<br/><br/>-It's hard for any book to recover from a bad ending, and this book had not one, but two bad endings. The first bad ending was that the secret they were trying to protect throughout the book just wasn't all that exciting or all that worthy of protection. I suspect that this was the most disappointing part for most readers.<br/><br/>The second bad ending was the 50 plus pages near the end of the book, that I stopped caring about long after the meat of the book came to it's conclusion. It was just drivel and pseudo-spiritual nonsense. His editor really needs to reign him in on spiritual rantings he so loves, because it made the ending to this book one of the most insufferable I have ever read.<br/><br/>In the end, I have to admit, I found the majority of the book to be fairly entertaining despite the fact that it did have a bad ending and wasn't that original. I really got the feeling that Dan Brown was already imagining the movie (that will no doubt follow) in his head, and unfortunately, it read and felt a bit like a cheesy, cliche Hollywood movie.<br/><br/>I think that we probably need to accept that the little love affair with Dan Brown has run it's course. Much like the musician who has only good album or the athlete who has only one or two good seasons, I fear that Dan has played his hand well, had his day in the sun and his best stories are now behind us. He managed to make himself into a household name, but by the time he finishes his next novel (especially if he takes 6 years), he may well find himself irrelevant.
 This was a decently written book with a lot of plot twists.  For me, Dan Brown's best book is "Digital Fortress" because of the fast pace and "didn't see them coming" plot twists.  With "Lost Symbol", the most startling plot twist is the one I saw coming right off the bat (though at times he made me second guess myself), but all the other plot twists along the way are surprising and kept me turning the page.  In fact, I was sick in bed with the flu when I read it and the time just zipped by.<br/><br/>I skimmed through a lot of the bad reviews here, and would like to address some of the points that were raised, many of which were legitimate, but others were not.  For instance, one reviewer complained that the antagonist gave up on his motivating quest at the end, which that reviewer did not find believable.  But actually, his true motivation came out at the end (he was driven by his bitterness toward his father rather than a quest for secret knowledge) which was more human and psychologically believable.<br/><br/>Noetic Science was also written about by reviewers as "unconvincing" and "psuedo," and this is the point I would like to address most.  The Institute of Noetic Science was founded by Astronaut Edgar Mitchell (I don't think anyone want to accuse him of not being a true scientist), and if anything, I would complain that what Dan Brown is presenting as new and cutting edge science, as well as ancient and esoteric mystery, has been out in the open and known about for many, many years.  There was much convincing research done at UCLA (by Valerie Hunt, I believe), among other places, before Noetic Science was even an organization.  It has not been widely publicized, but if you are interested, you will find many, many studies proving many of the "metaphysical" (mind into matter) ideas in the book.  If you remember, Stevie Wonder did an album in the 70's, "The Secret Life of Plants" based on a book that details numerous studies proving plants have intelligent consciousness and are sentient beings.  Some of the research written about in "Secret Life of Plants" led to the technology used for Bose sound systems.  Deepak Chopra's book, "Quantum Healing," also refers to legitimate scientific research, and a whole field of physics, quantum mechanics, provides further scientific evidence -- all before the term, "noetic science," even existed.<br/><br/>As far as the "secret knowlege" goes, there are numerous churches and centers all around the world that teach these principles, they are called Science of Mind, Religious Science, Centers for Spiritual Living, the Christian-based Unity Churches, and many, many others.  Best selling author Louise Hay's teachings are based on them, as are many other best selling authors.  There is nothing currently secretive or hidden about this knowledge, the power of thought and thinking, and the philosphy that we are all One, with the creative power of the Divinity within each of us, and a respect for the spiritual truth within all religions.  As Oprah Winfrey remarked upon interviewing the producer of the popular movie, "The Secret," which purports to reveal this information, Oprah said, "I didn't know it was a secret," and indicated she had been living according to these principles for years.<br/><br/>The reason I liked this book so much is also its major flaw -- Dan Brown seems eager to convince those new to this philosophy, and there is a little too much edification and instruction in the novel at times.  But it was just great to read a novel with such a magnificent theme -- that we are all part of God and we are all One, and to have it spelled out that this spiritual philosophy is part of the ideals upon which this great nation of ours was founded. I loved the ending -- that it's all in the Bible if you learn how to interpret it correctly.<br/><br/>I also loved the descriptions of our nation's capital and the fantastic buildings, monuments and institutions within it.  It has inspired in me a desire to go to Washington DC and look at it all again with a new eye.<br/><br/>As far as the Masons go, obviously in previous centuries, where one could be burned as a witch or executed as a heretic, unconventional spiritual beliefs and knowledge had to be kept secret and passed on to others in mysterious ways.  But that's no longer necessary, at least not in the good old USA, where we are free to read, teach and believe any type of spiritual philosophy we choose.  I guess the modern day Masons (should they exist in real life as they do in the novel) figure they may as well keep alive their secret traditions, in case the Christian right or fundamentalist Muslims or any other religious fantatics without tolerance or respect for others gets into power and succeeds in crushing the freedoms that make us the great nation we are.  I personally think it's all out in the open and should stay out in the open and nothing secretive or mysterious needs to be associated with the Truth.<br/><br/>And whatever you believe, this is what's great about this novel -- it gets us to think on these things and share our thoughts with each other.
 Many of the reviews really go on and on.  If Brown is such a bad writer than why don't some of these "critics" try to write a novel? They nearly have in writing a review, you would think they get paid by the word!<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is not as good as Da Vinci Code, why? is something every one needs to find out for them selves.<br/><br/>I feel that Robert is not as smart in the Lost Symbol, the story does not move as fast.  I do feel that Dan Brown puts a lot of research into the books he writes. The science of Noetics, I've not heard of, I may do my own research or not, does it have bearing on the plot, maybe not but the lady needed to be researching something, right?  Why not pick a area that not many have heard of?<br/><br/>Anyway if you like Dan Browns books you will read it, you already have I'm sure.  If you did not read Da Vinci Code, don't bother with this one.
 For those of you who have read his other books, this one predictably follows the same general formula. This is no great literary work, and doesn't make you think too hard, but it's a good fast paced diversional read for a rainy day or to pass time. You just have to shut off certain parts of your brain to enjoy it and not think too hard afterwards. I thought that the book was mostly enjoyable and kept me turning the pages, and I was pleased that the setting was in Washington DC because it's one of my favorite cities and I know Washington DC fairly well enough to visualize where the characters are. I've seen the insides of most of the buildings mentioned, including the Capitol Rotunda, Cathedral, and the "Jungle" at the USBG. Actually, that's probably why I like the Robert Langdon books, because I love travel and art, I've been to cities all over Europe like Rome and Paris before ever reading the books, and I'm interested in art history, art symbolism and the history of the buildings and monuments, and Brown's books incorporate all of the places I've seen into his stories. Of course, the book wasn't without it's flaws and holes, though. The villain in The Lost Symbol was way over the top, overdone and just a little too kooky to be truly believable for me. And after Robert and Katherine were each fooled once by a phone call from the villain, they were fooled again, so the characters are too trusting and don't appear to learn from their mistakes. The story really didn't explain why the CIA was involved suddenly in the investigation, and the reader has to assume that an unknown mason alerted the head of the CIA(who was a Mason) to the crime. I actually didn't think the CIA had enough motivation or jurisdiction to go after the villain. Also it bothered me that Katherine wasn't conducting experiments according to proper research methods...I hate to nitpick but I have a science degree and it irritates me when authors overlook something like that, so in my point of view her research didn't seem legitimate and I had to consciously ignore it to get on with the story.<br/><br/>I was also disappointed in the ending...sorely disappointed because the beginning and middle of the book were promising. It fell flat. It was too preachy about religions and truths and New Agey stuff. It would have been so much better if there were actually a "hidden treasure" at the end or if Noetics and the power of the mind was demonstrated in the book by a character to be real and could be used as an actual mind weapon in the wrong hands. Governments really did do research into pseudosciences like remote viewing in the past so it wouldn't be too much of a stretch if they were interested in using Noetics as a weapon or preventing it from falling into the wrong hands, and I wouldnt think any less of Dan Brown if this turned it into a science fiction novel, as it was on the verge of being science fiction anyway because Noetics is really a pseudoscience, not real science. That would have raised the stakes in the book instead of the threat of embarrassing a bunch of politicians, all of whom will most likely embarrass themselves on their own eventually. Compared to the other Langdon books, I enjoyed Angels and Demons or even DaVinci Code better because the stakes were higher and even the villains had better motives to commit their crimes.
 Terrific writing, once again, from Dan Brown.  I learn more from these books that I ever learned in history class!  Makes me want to head to D.C. to explore the Smithsonian Museums and surrounding area again!
 Can't completely decide my thoughts...I wanted to like it as much as I enjoyed The DaVinci Code, but just couldn't get there. It was understandably a challenge to live up to that but this book just felt a little unfulfilled to me. Like others have mentioned one of the plot twists was pretty predictable due to Brown being intentionally vague on details. Still a decent page turner and some fun things, but a little too "I know what's coming" after having read Brown before.
 First, the interesting parts. I found the details about things like Noetic Science and the history of Freemasonry as well as the notable characteristics of Washington DC landmarks quite intriguing. Enough to encourage me to do a bit of research to determine how much of Brown's information is factual. That's my idea of fun.<br/><br/>Overall, the book is well paced with a promising premise. Brown is a good writer, but not a great one so I got just about what I was expecting...three stars worth of entertainment. Even though I figured  out the secret location early on, I still enjoyed the riddle. I actually liked Lost Symbol more than DaVinci, but I prefer Angels and Demons to both.<br/><br/>As for some of the more annoying parts, of which there were several, the most puzzling for me was trying to figure out what would be so earth-shakingly devastating about a mad-man releasing video of some Masons running around in contumes, re-inacting a death ritual, that if not for CIA intervention, said video would be the end of civil society as we know it? Erm...not exactly.<br/><br/>Secondly, I could have done without the cartoonish portrayal of Sato and Mal'akh. For a minute there I thought I was reading an Xmen comic, sheesh!<br/><br/>Third, I think it's pretty common knowledge that the CIA is prohibited from conducting domestic operations and surely the Capitol Police would have known this. Using the FBI or even the Dept. of Homeland Security would've made more sense.<br/><br/>Finally there's the issue of thinly drawn characters and lack of realism in their dialogue. I would argue that an author could probably get away with one or the other of these flaws, but not both. By the time I reached the conclusion I scarcely cared what happened to any of the people in the story. Here we have three people who have supposedly just endured a physically, mentally and emotionally harrowing turn of events in rapid succession and nobody even so much as requests a glass of water and a tylenol? Instead, they just continue expounding esoteric philosophies to one another as if standing in a lecture hall without a care in the world? Would it have killed the author to give his characters a few hours or perhaps a day or so to recover?<br/><br/>All told, I have no regrets. It was a bit of fun, it's just that nagging feeling that this book could've been a lot better.
 The Lost Symbol follows the same formula as Angels &amp; Demons and the Da Vinci Code. Once again, our hero Robert Langdon finds himself in a difficult predicament that requires him to utilize his knowledge of history and symbology as well as his quick wits. The pace is not as fast as the other two books (the whole book takes place in one location - Washington DC) but the narrative is more believable and requires less suspension of disbelief. The historical anecdotes and tidbits continue to be quite fascinating and you learn a lot about our nation's capital, our founding fathers, and the Free Masons. The payoff is not as shocking or profound as his earlier books, but overall it is a quick and entertaining read. If you like his other books and don't have unrealistic expectations after the Da Vinci code, you should enjoy this one as well.
 I agree with most of the negative reviews yet I still give this book 4 stars. Why? Because The Lost Symbol succeeds at what it is - a cheese filled, page turning, diversion meant to be devoured by folks traveling on planes, trains, etc. Yeah, it's not great literature.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is the William Hung of storytellers, the Frank Stallone of...of...umm...putting words on paper.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is very predictable. I'm sure he has a "Dan Brown Story Template" on his PC. This book has all of Dan brown's greatest hits. Famous artist like Da Vinci? Hey, there's Albrecht Durer. Secret society like the Templars? How about the Freemasons! And what about the codes and symbols that must be solved within a certain period of time or else the world goes ka-boom? Like you really had to ask!<br/><br/>A big beef I have with this book is its anti-climactic climax. I won't give anything away but shall simply state that the book goes on way too long after the crisis has been  spoiler alert] averted.<br/><br/>A positive for this book? It's a very fast read. Heck, some of the chapters are barely a page in length.<br/><br/>So, if you want something mindless and fast to read while you're stuck at an airport, or train station, or locked away in the basement of a crazed Mason bent on destroying the world, then this book is for you.
 While the subject material of this book's philosophical discussions is a topic I find fascinating and I very much enjoyed the last two books in this series, this Dan Brown book was more painful than anything else. Written in movie scene-styled snatches, the characters played painful idiots to afford opportunities for excessively didactic dialogue throughout the book, the cliffhanger chapter ending technique was beaten to death, huge chunks of the book were needlessly repetitive, and for large portions of the book there was so much detail and description of slightly depraved acts or tendencies as to leave one questioning the author's own predilections. Is he just portraying what he views as evil, or is the act of writing about a character who glorifies in it so grotesquely an act of glorifying in it oneself?<br/><br/>The book maintained enough interest to make me follow it through to the end, but by about halfway through the book it was painful to continue and I almost stopped several times. I am glad to have finally completed it so I can cease being angry with characters for being so stupid and so that I am no longer spending my day being lectured at. And for all that, even though I like the message behind it, the final revelation wasn't even really worth it.<br/><br/>While parts of this book are interesting, overall I'd say save yourself the misery of wanting to finish it by not starting it. And I will be thinking strong thoughts about Dan Brown getting a good editor. Maybe if I concentrate hard enough it will become a reality.
 Always enjoy Mr. Brown's tomes. This one, however, felt a bit like a textbook explaining some of the mysteries around the Masonic Order. Great twisting, turning plot, filled with the unexpected. A real page burner, hard to walk away from for very long. Fast moving, and an easy read, tho I did need to resort to my dictionary a couple of times! Enjoy!<br/>J. Hart<br/>Hereford, AZ
 As I read this novel I kept being reminded of that campy Batman series on TV decades ago.  The Riddler or the Joker would make some incomprehensible rhyme, and Batman would say, "Robin, that means this villain is planning to steal the crown jewels of Elbonia on display tonight at the Gotham Museum."  And off the caped cruscaders would race in their Batmobile to thwart the crime.  Pow, Bam.  Batman, I would add, was always on the money with this interpretation of the "clues."  And so is our hero in "The Lost Symbol."  All he is missing is the cowl and cape and utility belt.<br/><br/>Part of my problem with the book is my distrust of rites and rituals, because they render unnecessary rational thought.  And part of my problem is my inability to accept metaphysical and paranormal explanations for events we have not yet the wit to understand.  When I see the magician David Copperfield walk through the great wall of China, I do not believe he has sold his soul to the Devil--or that there is a Devil--for supernatural powers.  The magician just knows how to made it look as if he has such powers.  I simply cannot accept the mumbo jumbo of noetics, Masonic stage plays, incantations, magic numbers, or Biblical prophesy.<br/><br/>All that aside, the writing in "The Lost Symbol" is just a wee bit--well--bad.  A mansion "nestled" on a hundred acres was funny and broke whatever spell Mr. Brown was trying to cast.  In fact, there were chiches throughout.  Then there is the abundance of sentences and words in bold type, to make absolutely sure the reader "gets" it--wink, wink, nod, nod, pay attention to this.  James Patterson also does that, and I find in annoying and even insulting.  A writer needs to write in such a style that the reader cannot help but pay attention and "get" the point.<br/><br/>One last point about the writing:  at odd times throughout the writer stops the action cold to give the reader a professorial lecture that includes all the research the writer did.  After all, he didn't want it to go to waste.  I could cite many examples, but it just doesn't seem worth it.<br/><br/>The entire plot is ludicrous.  Take a super-villain, tatooed, hairless, castrated, muscled, learned in the arcane arts, and have him commit pitiless acts and perform superhuman feats, one after another.  Pit him against a professor who knows damn near everything there is to know, throw in chase after chase, plus a waifish CIA director, and you have a best seller, but you don't really have anything that lingers long in the brain.
 ***SOME SPOILERS***<br/><br/>This third installment of the Angels and Demons/Da Vinci Code series was a total flop! It took me 6 months to get through it. The story line didn't pick up until it was almost over, I was almost relieved when they killed Robert Langdon and then ruined it again when they brought him back to life.<br/><br/>Throughout the entire book Robert Langdon annoyed me, he was consistently boring throughout the book. He was still intelligent, but that was about it. He didn't do anything special, he didn't seem very involved in the story in the first place, and was very naive, closed-minded and didn't have any street smarts for a lot of the book, overall...I wanted him to die. Of course, once he did die, I was a little relieved that he was finally gone, but then the way that he was brought back to life was even almost like the author thought better of killing him off. Overall, he had no character growth whatsoever and if anything lost some of his character from the original two books.<br/><br/>The main character was not the only issue with the book...I felt like Dan Brown was having difficulty filling pages, so he decided to add as much random historical detail and scientific information as possible. Now, granted, in the first two books I really enjoyed that aspect, but in this one it was choppy and poorly done ---basically like the author was reading fan reviews, found out that we like to read about the historical and scientific details, and decided to add as much meaningless BS to the story as possible. The paragraphs came off as rambling, it was absurd.<br/><br/>When I was about half way through the book, I kept thinking that it would pick up. In reality, the action was already moving and I just could not get involved with the story line. The chapters were not enjoyable to process, they seemed to be all over the place which made it increasingly difficult to become involved in the story. Then at the end of the book, it happened all over again. The book was over, but then there were 2 more chapters to finish. It was driving me crazy that this book would not end.<br/><br/>Let's just say that this book was a 100% disappointment and I will not be reading anything from Dan Brown again.
 I liked <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/B002CF0GP0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a>, and I thought<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/1400079179/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a> was a fantastic read...fun, great twists, cool story, nice little historical mystery deal. Great. Fast-paced with lots of cliff-hangers, which I totally dig. Lost Symbol has plenty of cliff-hangers, but this time the pay-off just isn't there. The bad guy kinda sucks, he's weird and that's good, but his big motivation is telegraphed way early on so his big reveal was kinda spoiled. Also, the shocking revelation that would overturn the entire country? Really? That's all you could come up with? Bleh. Then the BIG final mystery...I really felt cheated. That's it?! That's all there is? Wow, what an amazing let down. And the epilogue was just a waste of 30 pages. Everything about the book prior to that was good. But the ending was so deflating and uninteresting that it demolished everything that came before it. What a shame...I still like Dan Brown and Robert Langdon, but I hope they didn't just jump the shark on this one. Solving the codes and stuff on the cover was more fun than reading the ending of this book. Maybe if you only read the first 350 pages and let the ending be a mystery...that might be the best way to enjoy this one. One of the worst endings to a fun book that I have read in a long time.
 I'll keep this brief since many others have written much more in-depth reviews: there is no payoff to this book. I read the book over the course of about 2 days, and the entire time I just kept waiting for....something; and it never came. It was good enough to keep me reading, but I found myself reading it more so just to finish it than because I couldn't put it down. The end is especially disappointing, without giving any spoilers, the end just doesn't make sense. The big "reveal" is something that there are many, many books that already talk about, so it doesn't make sense how this "mystery" is really supposed to shock us or give us a moment of "I didn't see that coming!"<br/><br/>A last note: Personally, I don't like how Brown interweaves real facts with "facts" that really are theories, but he presents as facts. Since this is in Fiction, I guess that is allowed. But it takes me out of the story everything that happens.
 I think there are faulty plot lines in this book, where you are deliberately led in one direction, with specific things being stated, before a critical theme of the book suddenly changes near the end, in order to better tie everything together.  So, I'm not as impressed by this story as I was by The DaVinci Code.  I will also admit to this being the 2nd time I've read this story, and It was far easier to keep things straight this time than with the 1st effort -- which means my 3rd time will be even more illustrative.
 It is impossible to say how bad this book is, though I do admire the literate efforts of those who have tried.  I would like to simply add something that others appear to be reluctant to mention, to whit, the book asks us to believe that the monstrously evil, horrifyingly aggressive, unimaginably physically powerful villain has ritually castrated himself.  As a physician I can assure the reader that no one who is castrated, no matter what quantity of steroids he takes, will exhibit any of the above mentioned qualities.  Not only is such a thing medical nonsense, it is also, in the context of a novel, emotionally disgusting.
 There must be a book in between The DaVinci Code and The Lost Symbol that features Robert Langdon being a casualty of some catastrophic event that makes him suddenly stupid. You're world renowned specialist in symbology and the like and it's hard for you to believe some not that far fetched Mason ideas (in the context of symbology) that are not really all that unbelievable AND you can barely figure out each puzzle that is presented to you?<br/><br/>How convenient of Dan Brown to not only write commercial breaks into the book, but to also put recaps every few pages of what happened the page before... just in case you didn't read it the first time...even though it was like a page and a half ago.<br/><br/>Dan Brown might as well have just gone ahead and called Bellamy Morgan Freedman.<br/><br/>Dan, you know that crazy mysterious obelisk... the one that you make seem so mystical to have here in the US when the origins are Egyptian... you DO know there's an ACTUAL Egyptian obelisk in Central Park right?<br/><br/>How many times does it take for the answer to be "right in front of you" before you figure out that it might be a good idea to look right in front of you?<br/><br/>And finally, the plot... thin and weak.  The whole "Lost Word" concept... WEAK!  Even if it was an actual word with actual mystical powers...
 I try to finish every book I start, even if the book is less then thrilling or even mildly interested, I might skip pages or narratives but I finish it.  This is more then I can say for this book, I had to stop before it drove me completely nuts.  I cannot remember the last book as boring and bland as this one.  There is make-believe uninteresting plot, personality-lacking main characters, people who can't give straight answers, and scenes after scenes of super boring Masonic blabber that does not give any answers to any questions.<br/><br/>Anyone who ever read Dan Brown knows that he is not a good writer, so I did not expect him to improve with age.  I know he goes to archives and copied pages of uninteresting tales and puts them in his book as is without editing or even trying to make them more appealing.<br/><br/>However, even not expecting anything good, this so-called book was HUGE disappointment.  There was one happy moment in the book when he killed Langdon, I almost started to breath easy, but then he had to come up with crazy story and revived him.<br/><br/>This is one truly terrible book, it will kill your vacation if take it to read on vacation, it will kill your weekend if you read it at home, it will make your train ride impossible, and if you listen to it on CD in your car - beware of accidents.  Skip this book; find a better author to read.
 For those of you planning to read THE LOST SYMBOL, you may proceed. Yet, I must warn you that there's nothing special about it at all. I must say it's quite disappointing. Even THE DA VINCI CODE and ANGELS ANDS DEMONS are far better read than this "wild-goose chase" of a novel. I mean I was eagerly waiting for this book to be released just so I could see it to be as intriguing as TDVC if not as exciting as A&amp;D. But it was not.<br/><br/>It's as if the book is not just dull and disappointing but Brown had to "add insult to the injury" by implicating the concept of God in the last few chapters of the book. I'm not the kind who's easily offended nor was I affected by any of his previous works in "TDVC" and "A&amp;D" where he involved paradigm shifts in religious matters (for I knew the arguments were nothing more but fictitious creations). Yet, for THE LOST SYMBOL, Brown had stepped over the threshold.<br/><br/>On the whole, the book felt like a B-movie thriller (if it even qualifies as a thriller at all) where everything seemed rushed. It's as if he's rushing for a publishing dateline that he had to come up with lame conspiracies to supersede his previous Langdon's series.<br/><br/>* * SPOILERS * *<br/>Indeed, the Masonic Pyramid described in the novel was indeed a literal map but it's all there in the first place - The Washington Monument. And the winding staircase that leads to the Ancient Mysteries is actually within the obelisk itself. Geez! Talk about a lame story. And yeah, I do agree with National Post's review on the Mal'akh character in that he did remind me so much of Francis Dollarhyde from Thomas Harris' THE RED DRAGON.<br/><br/>Like I said, Dan Brown only set off a wild-goose chase with this work of his. So if you think about reading this one, don't bother.
 First I'm not a Dan Brown fan.  I think he is a horrible writer.  However, I do enjoy the content of some of his books.  He presents interesting theories, and some great conspiracies.  Usually, the pace is fairly quick too, so I don't get terribly bored.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the Lost Symbol fails on so many fronts that no amount of interesting conspiracy theories can really save it.  The book is choppy, very formulaic, and plods with heavy handed hints that SOMETHING IS HAPPENING.  It's also very predictable (though, I guess that's sort of a given with the formulaic).<br/><br/>I felt like I was reading through a really bad precursor to National Treasure... Dan Brown really should have stuck to Europe and the Catholic Church.
 I found this book to be quite entertaining.  Brown developed a nice range of characters to express an "enlightened" response in contrast to a character that represents a powerful challenge to such views.  It was certainly enough to supply me with an adequately engaging reading experience, and the presentation is sufficiently careful with respect to "facts" that it weaves a fairly coherent adventure.<br/>I like the way that he is able to take the protagonist, the professor Langdon, through a kind of metaphorical journey, and is even able to kill him and resurrect him in a way that is plausible.  In fact, it is enjoyable to see how the author can pose problems for his unfolding tale that one thinks would superficially involve magic or the supernatural, and instead invoke science or historical knowledge as plausible explanations without stretching one's imagination into the obvious directions of the supernatural or magic.<br/>To my mind, he is able to show how closely science represents the modern replacement for religion and magic for the "enlightened" mind.  (Even to the extent of attempting to delineate a kind of "good" vs "evil" within this context of modernity.)<br/>Of course, posing riddles and solving them in this way, and weaving symbolism into modern science, as he does, has its cost in terms of a certain overall unconvincingness and superficiality.  But I consider it a good enough book to be worth the effort to read.
 Dan Brown's latest novel, "The Lost Symbol," proves that he is a victim of his own success.  While treasure hunts have been thrilling readers for generations, Brown virtually re-invented the sub-genre with his symbol-focused thrillers featuring Robert Langdon.  Thanks to his stratospheric success, this category of thrillers has been overplayed to death (think the History Channel, recent Nic Cage movies, etc.).  And yet we still buy this book in droves - Brown's probably made $100 million since its release.<br/><br/>What can you say about the plot?  Robert Langdon, Harvard prof and symbologist, is back and this time he's tracking down clues in Washington D.C.  A demented madman has kidnapped Langdon's friend and mentor, leaving a grisly trophy/clue behind in a very prominent DC landmark.  We follow the usual Langdon M.O. - nothing is as it appears at first; vital clues have been hidden in plain sight for the learned to decipher; and people dead for hundreds of years knew vastly more about human nature than we do today.<br/><br/>Look for short chapters, lots of italics, and a maddening number of chapters that end with one character making a shocked realization, only to lead into a chapter involving a parallel track of the novel.  Brown writes the perfect airplane book, and yet "The Lost Symbol" seems to be more wheezy than thrilling.  Maybe it's because we've been here before - the names have changed a bit, but the song remains the same.<br/><br/>All in all, a pedestrian effort by Mr. Brown that is sure to spark its own industry in symbol-related tourism to Washington DC.
 Once again, Dan Brown kept us entertained on a long car trip--this time with his latest thriller, The Lost Symbol.  Read by Paul Michael, I found The Lost Symbol riveting, although it was not without some issues.<br/><br/>Peter Solomon, director of the Smithsonian and also friend and mentor to Robert Langdon, begs Langdon to come to Washington, DC for a speech. The original speaker had to cancel, to Solomon taps Langdon--a Harvard professor and symbologist.  But when Langdon arrives in DC, Solomon is nowhere to be found.  Instead, the professor finds a cryptic message inviting him to solve a puzzle.  Solomon has been brutally kidnapped and his safe return depends on Langdon solving this puzzle. The kidnapper, Mal'akh, is a33rd Degree Mason and is searching for the "lost symbol."  Legend has it that the ancient mysteries can be found at the bottom of a staircase under a giant pyramid in Washington, DC.  Langdon, with the help of Solomon's sister, Katherine, begins a quest to find the ancient mysteries and to save his friend.  At the same time, CIA director of security, Inoue Sato, is trying to stop Langdon, claiming this is a matter of national security.  Langdon doesn't know whose side she is on and if she can be trusted.<br/><br/>As with all Dan Brown's books, he introduces us to many buildings we never knew existed and/or treasures in places with which we're familiar.  It was a nice change for Brown to focus The Lost Symbol in our nation's capital.  However, as for issues, I didn't understand the whole motivation of Mal'akh or how retrieving the lost symbol would transform him into a god.  Also, the whole subplot of noetics (Katherine Solomon's field of study) was totally unnecessary and I felt that it added nothing to the story.<br/><br/>Despite these problems, The Lost Symbol is still a good story.  I look forward to my next trip to Washington, DC to see some of the places that Brown wrote about.
 I enjoyed Da Vinci Code although it was pretty much highjacked verbatim from Holy Blood Holy Grail.  And eventhough I wasn't expecting as much from this book, it was very disappointing.  First the good part.  I learned a lot about the buildings and symbols in D.C., as well as things I didn't know about the Masons.  Unfortunately, Brown's style of writing is much like a seventh grader who has just discovered the exclamation point.  Less is more doesn't enter into the arena.  Breathless wow! moments abound ad infinitum and leave the reader exhausted.  I thought the end was never going to end.  The denoument came and went and still Brown went on! and on! and on!  If your time is limited for your pleasure reading, don't use it up on this one.
 I was so looking forward to this book.  What a disappointment.  By page 100... Really?  This just HAS to get better.  By 200... If I get one more boring lecture I'm going to scream.  By Page 300 I can't believe how utterly absurd this story is. Page 350... Time to speed read to the end. Page 400 This has to be one of the lamest books I have read in a long time.  The end... what an absolute waste of my time.<br/><br/>On the positive side there were a few interesting historical and architectural asides.<br/><br/>Recommendation:  Don't bother.  If you feel compelled to read it, go for it, just know when you begin to think it's going to get better it does not and cut your losses early.
 Dan Brown's long awaited novel "The Lost Symbol" follows the dashing Robert Langdon through 12 hours in Washington D.C..  Why it takes 500 pages to describe the events of 12 hours remains a mystery, though, probably not the sort of mystery Brown had in mind.<br/><br/>Brown's latest novel is formula driven. First, establish that Langdon is fit and attractive - check. Next, add a beautiful, intelligent, and possibly available woman to the story - check. Ensure that Langdon and his leading lady are crossed and double-crossed - check and check.  It's all a bit tiresome.<br/><br/>Brown's books are known for surprises. I was 400 pages into this one before I was surprised, but at least there was (finally) a surprise. The book isn't bad, but I found it disappointing.  That said, if you enjoy thrillers, give it a try.
 What started out as a great book turned into watching  a balloon slowly deflate. The history and symbolism were fascinating, but the whole tattooed menace grew old quickly.  I can't say that the book was overly long, or dwelled on the wrong thing, it just lost it spark midway through and never regained it.<br/><br/>Invited by his long time friend Peter Solomon, Robert Langdon has been invited to Washington DC to delivery a speech.  Not only is Solomon an important man in his own right, as head of the Smithsonian Museum, but he  also happens to be a high-ranking Mason.  There was no speech planned, Langdon was lured there because it is thought that he could unlock an ancient portal hidden in Washington.<br/><br/>Peter Solomon has been kidnapped and with the help of Solomon's daughter, Langdon sets out to decipher clues that will keep Solomon alive and slowly discover the guarded secrets of the Freemasons.  Through use of symbolism and Neotic Science Brown leads the reader down many twisted avenues to an ending that was neither shocking or awe inspiring.<br/><br/>Though there were many good sections and times that I went and did a bit more research on topics that were mentioned, overall the book was just so-so.  Langdon seemed a bit more bumbling then I remember him being in previous books, the beautiful woman that assists him is over used and the tattooed antagonist was predictable.  Maybe it was because of all the hype, but I was expecting more.  Maybe next time.
 The book could have been 200 pages shorter and it still would only get 2 stars. I give it one star for mild suspense and the other star for using Washington DC as the setting. Overall I think the plot all over the place and had too many unneeded flashbacks. I know its fiction so I won't even discuss the unrealistic intelligence and security flaws that would never happen in DC. The so called climax did not occur until 50 pages before the end of the book and was over just a quick. I even noticed he took a comparison from Digital Fortress and brought it up again in the Lost Symbol which was totally irrlevant to this story. I guess he thought no one would notice since that book was written 11 years ago but since I just read Digital Fortress last month it stood out and in a bad way. At that point I felt like he was just writing this book to fullfill his contract. Skip the lost symbol for now or atleast wait until its on paperback or in the bargin bin.
 First, the pros: the book is a reasonable page turner, and some of the historical concepts are well researched. Also, it is probably the only known book that glorifies Washington, D.C.<br/><br/>The cons:<br/>1. Dan Brown's writing style - he writes a novel like a screenplay, almost like he is visualizing the movie that will (inevitably) be made from the book.<br/>2. I won't get into details here, but the reason for all the action in the book (CIA involvement, et al) left me cold at the end of the book. Dan Brown really needs to think long and hard about what exactly constitutes a "National Security crisis".<br/>3. After all the criticism he got for going against one cult-like organization in the Da Vinci Code, he seems to have decided to go hog-wild in favor of another one in this book.
 As most others have said, the book is really no different than Angels &amp; Demons, or the Davinci Code, it follows the exact same formula.  I couldnt help but think..."have I read this before?" as the similarities were that close.  Overall, it was an entertaining read, but not what I hoped it would be.  As others have mentioned, I too felt like I was reading a book based on the movie National Treasure at moments.  I also felt like the book built up to a rather disappointing end that just sort of deflates the reader.<br/>I'm sure they're making a movie of this book as well, and I have a feeling that the 3rd time around might be a flop.  Again, you've seen and read this before, Langdon in a race against time decoding symbols on the run, a nutcase who takes things to the extreme, a semi-love interest, a secret society, etc....you've already read this book, just in different settings.
 My favorite book that I read by Dan Brown is Angels and Demons, followed by Davinci Code.<br/><br/>This book was good (albeit not great) at first, until there's a death at The Temple (I don't want to ruin the book by telling you who dies and how there), but the last fifth of the book, which follows this death becomes more like a classroom, with no though for emotions or characters.  That part was such a dull read that it easily knocked the book down from a 3.5 star for me (not sure that I would have rounded up to a 4-more like a 3 star) to a 2 star.<br/><br/>In the first part, the characters seemed to all react in similar fashion, as the other reviewer, Justin Lee said.  ie, character one is relaxing, character two tells character one something, character one reacts to it in some dramatic fashion.  Now, this would be ok, except it happens in the book very often.  Kind of like a child would write a story, which gets annoying.  The last part of the book (the last 20% or so) seems to be ideas that Dan Brown wanted to communicate to the reader, but either couldn't be bothered or didn't know how to squeeze them into the first part of the book, and basically takes a lecture approach, and slaps a few dialogue lines and a few semi-human reactions into it.<br/><br/>The saving grace of the book (well, at least the first 4/5 of it) is the usual Dan Brown sense of mysticism/history in the story.<br/><br/>Bottom line is I would still read the book, perhaps (well, DEFINITELY) recommending to stop reading after the climax, with the death in The Temple.
 Not-so-hot on the heels of ANGELS &amp; DEMONS and THE DA VINCI CODE, Dan Brown dumps his symbologist hero Robert Langdon into the Washington DC-based, Masonic-ritual exposing THE LOST SYMBOL.<br/><br/>Of course, there are plenty of suspenseful... ellipses!  And Langdon reacts with over-the-top fear and wonderment to the run-of-the-mill discoveries he makes along the way.  But still, this feels more like a tired Hollywood sequel than a committed attempt to rise to new heights.<br/><br/>While the characters, Langdon and heroine Katherine Solomon are frequently puzzled and bewildered, regular thriller readers are likely to be less surprised at how things unfold. Villain Mal'akh provides the lunacy and gore.  But the final revelations THE LOST SYMBOL ultimately uncovers are a huge... letdown.
 I don't like "The Lost Symbol." In all honesty .<br/>Maybe because I m not American , so the story background about Freemasons hardly appeals to me,but I love Robert Langdon's previous 2 novels , especially Angels and Demons , so I rushed out to buy this when it was out in the bookstores.My oh my , am I in for a disappointment .<br/>The story was kinda bland , action far and apart and somehow you can't project yourself in the same situation as the characters .It seems so detached and preoccupied.The history part was not emphasized enough , therefore people in other countries or have little or no knowledge of the Freemasons will be left scratching their heads about what's all the fuss about . The beauty of both Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons is that Brown spent a lot of time explaining about the vast history and its importance . Here , it is extremely lacking .
 This book is a piece of crap and shame on Dan Brown for subjecting his fans to such innane, ludicrous drivel for over 450 pages. Not only are the characters wooden and devoid of any human qualities, but the story just goes on and on ad naseum about finding God and the Ancient Mysteries. Brown just keeps repeating the same old cliche's and tries to support it with fancy words and puzzles and geek-speak that leaves the reader feeling they are just reading bits and pieces of a dictionary or encyclopedia. And Brown just keeps piling on the useless scientific and philosophical stuff without regard for the reader's interest in that crap. And then trying to tie it in to the main story, which is full of holes.<br/><br/>What is it exactly that we are supposed to find at the end of this long, twisted, bloody journey? Mal'akh makes Bin Laden look like Santa Clause. There is no redemption or passion or anything uplifting about this book. After slogging through 400 pages I was ready to throw it in the trash. And what the hell is Noetics?. Brown needs to go back to college and take creative writing 101. But he's probably laughing all the way to the bank. I'll never read another one of his books.
 Dan Brown's lost symbol reads almost like a book report on DC and the symbolisms described. I find it too academic.<br/><br/>I've lived in the DC/VA/MD area for 4 years and am familiar with most of the places Dan Brown described. It's disappointing that the places are described devoid of the human factor - I don't get the sense of the pulse of the place - living and thriving with people, events, traffic, accidents, power - the center of the US' political hub; where a majority of the country's Federal structures are located - with at least 5 military installations within 10-30 miles of each other - the South and North of the Civil war - home of the old Colonial rich - there's so much to talk about to give the story flesh and blood.<br/><br/>I think Dan Brown also tried to be religious towards the end of the book - a discussion and interpretation of Christian tenets which could be misleading.<br/><br/>I also got confused with when the story is supposed to be taking place - mainly because of confusing references to technology. The appointment made with Dan Brown was made via voice mail and then FAX - does anybody still make appointments via fax as a backup reminder? This made me think maybe the story was set in the 80's. Then towards the end, there was a reference to twitter - w/c made me realize the story is supposed to be current - like 2008/2009.<br/><br/>The plot seems to be revolving around a lot of the characters just taking things for a fact  and not verifying or validating the information or situation presented. Given the high degree of intelligence of most people involved, and the wealth they possess, one would think that it takes just a few minutes of their time to verify things for security purposes - it would seem the characters are gullible, or reckless or naive.<br/><br/>The one high point in the book for me is the revelation of the killer's identity - w/c I think is a good twist and threaded the events together. However, it would have been better if Dan did not use the first person reference in the introduction of the killer - w/c seemed to be an inconsistency when the killer was revealed. A third person or passive narrative of the events at the Turkish prison would have provided more integrity to the plot and consistency to the build up towards the end of the story.
 Maybe to be begin with, I must tell you that this is not a novel but a script for a planned blockbuster. Maybe if one takes it as a script, disappointment would be lesser. After the Da Vinci Code, this is a very frustrating one for the fans like me. Some quick notes:<br/>1. Character formations in the novel are extremely weak, shallow. Robert Langdon is a reactionary guy. He first reacts to whatever told him, then he is surprised and accepts. Same pattern throughout the novel.<br/>2. After <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>, Mr. Brown might have decided not to touch culturally and religiously sensitive issues. This book will not bring much reaction from the Church etc.<br/>3. The novel looks likes a "sponsored post" (!). As if funded by freemasonry establishment. I have no problem with freemasonry, just that the novel should have gone beyond mere propaganda.<br/>4. Well, despite all, if the narrative brought about exciting revelations like it did in the previous novel, it would still be satisfactory for me. But I wasn't particularly excited with turning points in the novel...
 Dan Brown's new book, The Lost Symbol, spends 500 pages pointing toward the ending.  It is indicated throughout that this ending will be more of a definitive conclusion. The last page loomed large, but 509 came and went, at best, with a whimper instead of a bang.  Granted the most difficult thing about this book would be the ending.  Well, it still is.<br/><br/>What we have here is a fast read, if you omit the ridiculous Italicized phrases and the fact or fiction aspects that flow throughout.  The pages per chapter average less than 10, therefore creating frequent edge of the seat anticipation which only rarely occurs. And in a nutshell, this well publicized addition is no more than a change in location from his previous "humdingers". It is a mixed bag of tricks, a hash, but in this case a rehash.  DaVinci and Aliens offered something new, exciting and predictable.  Lost offers only Washington D.C. and the predictability of his previous efforts.  To me it was the Same Old, Same Old....perhaps an adult type of Harry Potter falling short.<br/><br/>Why 3 stars then.  Well, the anticipation was worth 1 or 2, the effort was worth 1 or 2, but the result...you can draw your own conclusions.
 I was one of the people that bought the book the first day it came out, having read "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons" and enjoyed both books.  I got the book to keep me occupied and interested for some long plane rides while en route to vacation.<br/><br/>The book started off alright, but eventually I found the pattern of events predictable and almost as if Brown used the same format (or outline) as he did for the previous 2 books in terms of plot progression, characters etc.  I found the dialogue so fake and unrealistic.  I found the CIA deputy director character annoyingly cliche and ridiculous (the smoking, the harsh orders, the way she spoke, how she acted etc.).  The villain was also cliche and lacked real depth in terms of motivation the reader could understand.  His motivation was dubious, ranking somewhere along the lines as just mentally unstable which is easily dismissed as a reader.<br/><br/>The end was anticlimactic, I found myself not even caring how it ended and skimmed through to the end to see if anything good was actually going to happen, any interesting insights or revelations.  Sad to say, there wasn't.  It was all either cliche, preachy, or some apparent imitation of the other previous 2 well-known books.<br/><br/>I was disappointed to say the least.  Dan Brown is a smart, knowledgeable author and much of that knowledge came through in the book as various plot details unfolded.  But the basic premise for the villain and then ending was just not that thrilling or interesting as the book progressed.
 I have read all Dan Brown's books and really appriciate the hard work and research that went into them. The Lost Symbol, however, seemed like a rush to the finish line, read like a screen play, and the twists and turns were not built up to that "no way" that you would get from the others. This book was unbelieveable at best. I can't see fans taking tours of D.C. the way they did in Rome over this book, and I absolutely hate the fact that Langdon didn't seem like the same guy he was in the first two, but more like Tom Hanks who absolutely murdered his charicter in the movie.  It's a shame. 500+ pages was a welcome follow-up, but in the end my time felt fairly wasted with this story. Dan Brown should consider a do-over on this one...and get back to the roots he started from, not go and change his charicters to adapt to the movie screen.
 Although I loved the history of Washington DC, the familiar buildings, and insights into the Masons that are scattered throughout the novel, I found the characters acted largely in unbelievable and downright stupid ways. Langdon in particular seemed to be a dunderhead, running off to Washington with a secret, valuable object that had been entrusted to him, solely on a cell phone call from someone he didn't know. Really? There are similar instances of stupidity and naivete throughout--necessary for the plot perhaps, but still irritating. I can see Brown's wealth of research and I'm envious of his suspenseful pacing, but I find this book inferior to Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
 It's no Angels &amp; Demons, but it still had me turning pages. So no, it's not perfect, but I have to admit I still enjoyed it. Some of the flaws could have been avoided without much effort. These things bugged me:<br/><br/>* The CIA character is named Inoue Sato--two last names. Why? It would be like having an American character in Japanese novel named Smith Johnson. And even that would be more likely. I don't expect Dan Brown to speak Japanese, but come on, there's google. Or give your American (of Japanese ancestry) an American first name.<br/><br/>* I didn't know what to make of the museum-guide references put in every few pages. It was like a Frohmer's Guide to DC along with the story. On the other hand, the info was interesting. Wasn't necessary to the story and didn't always fit very well, but I still liked reading it. So I'm torn. But it did pull me out of the story to notice it each time.<br/><br/>* I'm not wild about bad guys whose main motivation is "I'm crazy." I see where it's handy, though.<br/><br/>* The ending. Really? That's your end? That's the secret that's been buried for centuries? Why would that be kept a secret from anyone? I won't say what it is, for people who haven't read it and are going to, but it was an anticlimax, to say the least. If you pretend that the whole McGuffin thing at the end was anything else, though, then the rest of the book still holds up OK.
 Finally, I had the chance to read The Lost Symbol!<br/><br/>What draws me to Dan Brown?  Besides being controversial to the point that I have to slip a book cover over his books in this predominantly Catholic community, I love the fact that his books make me question, think, then question some more.<br/><br/>Anyways, the history aspects of any of Brown's novels are an added plus, as well as the  mystery that is always involved in his collection of novels.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol was another magnificent creation, all 500 pages filled with stunning adventure and suspense. Just as The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons had done in the past,  Robert Langdon is called in to solve the latest puzzle.  I can't help it, maybe it's Robert, with his extensive historical knowledge or that pensive grin that Tom Hanks delivers, that has won me over.  I spent hours reading this novel, unable to put it down, entranced by the story.<br/><br/>As in all of Mr. Brown's novels, the villain is a true psychopath that believes he is doing the world a wealth of good.  Mal'akh has wealth, influence and women, but he forsakes his fortune for ultimate power.<br/><br/>Masonic mysteries, CIA angles, symbolism,  each item was perfectly wound into this novel.  Just as the movie National Treasure inspired me to question the linkings of the Masons to the history of the United States, Brown's novel makes me want to tour the Capital with a whole new insight.<br/><br/>Fantastic, thrilling and worth 4 stars
 This was an incredibly fast read, but the ending or "Great Reveal" was quite dissappointing. For the most part the book was entertaining. Yes, I did roll my eyes at part of the premise, but it's fiction, so I kept reading. Despite what other reviewers may have said, there really is nothing negative about the Masons in the book. Brown constantly points out how misunderstood the Masons and their rituals can be.  Anyone claiming that Brown slanders (libels actually, since it is written) the Masons hasn't actually read the book.<br/>The most unrealistic part of the book is towards the beginning where Langdon is lecturing to hundreds of students, yet is still able to have a discussion with them as if they were in a small classroom of 20.<br/>Overall the book was fun to read, but the ending dissappoints.
 Like most famous authors who write fiction, there's a formula to most novels. Dan Brown is no exception. It follows the same format as the Da Vinci Code. The beginning is good, middle keeps you guessing, but like all his books, the ending is anti-climatic. Some note worthy scripture passages from the bible, makes you take another look at what you think you know about the reality of life. So there he does a decent job. He stays true to form as a Catholic basher, which turned me off about his novels, but I know where he is coming from, so I don't take it personnal. If they make a movie out of this one, I think Harrison Ford should play Robert Langdon. I thought Tom Hanks was wrong for the part. Just my opinion.
 The Lost Symbol has all the elements suggested by the title for Robert Langdon fans. Dan Brown's classical narrative about symbolism returns and the drama and intrigue surrounding the theories and facts of both mankind's history and American history are nicely amalgamated in this book. What i love about Dan Brown's books is that he brings up topics that as a species we simply cannot ignore. From the first page this book keeps your attention till the last.
 I am right smack dab between 2 stars 'don't like' and 3 'it's ok'  I checked it out as an audio book from my local library so I can't give a page count, but my review would be this: its a great 400 page book in a 900 page book format.  This guy can go on and on and on and on with non-plot nonsense longer than anyone I have ever read since The Brothers Karamazov.  It actually went on and on and on about 8 hours longer than a round trip road trip to Portland.
 Signature Dan Brown scavenger hunt  formula with an implausible bad guy taking everyone for adrenalin pumping ride through Washington D.C.  in search of relics of Masonic brotherhood. I was going to give it a pass, but then I learned that it references The Intention Experiment. The female foil for Professor Langdon's encyclopedic lecturing has devoted her life's work to intention experiments; she gets a cool lab away from all possible interference in the catacombs of Washington Capitol building. Here she has performed experiments similar to those described in Lynne Taggert's book. Her work is finished and premise of the book is that her discoveries will change human consciousness and we will all become one with the universe and clean up mess we made. (Assumption being that scientific proof is what stands in the way of humans actually doing the right thing. Hasn't happened yet in our social policy making.)<br/><br/>And that's as far as it goes. Rest of book is spent chasing after madman who wants to keep this information from being dispersed (because he is working with Dark side). Once all that is dispensed with, we can return to our heroine in Chapter 132 for a soothing discussion where theology and double meaning of the bible meets noetic science. All pretty lightweight, but a nice introduction to the ideas of interest. In fact the book should just start there and carry forward into a New Age romance novel for the Eat, Pray Love crowd.<br/><br/>As it is this is basically caffeinated junk food for the brain illustrating that men think very highly of themselves and their symbols. Cliffhanger style is good for a masochistic read if you must read something i.e. in the emergency room where you need to keep mind off things.
 This seems to be Brown's strength. The novel starts strong, picks up speed and, alas, ends up in a slow, dull smarmy ending. Preaching about the brotherhood of man is all well and good, but really...just after pages of an out and out twisted monster spattering gore and death over the streets of D.C. And how long will we have to endure the answerless questions? Could it be there is a secret code embedded in the Capitoline Plat? Naw, those streets were arranged for covering cannon fire in an age of bastions. And speaking of 'could it be's', seems the mysterious Vatican has been abandoned for the mysterious Masonic Fraternity. What next: Odd Fellows, dervishes, phi beta kappa, aw come'on now!! An example of promise gon awry and our purchasing based on the past.
 I have been a big fan of Dan Brown's books and of the two movies that were made around two of his works.  The Lost Symbol started out being very intriguing, and I didn't want to put it down.  However, about 2/3's of the way through the book it seemed like he was losing his way.  The story just seemed to get bogged down.  Finally, I found the ending to be somewhat disappointing.  While there were some suspenseful moments, I started rolling my eyes at some of the action, as it started getting too far-fetched.<br/><br/>If Hollywood is thinking of making a movie out of this one, then they will need to rewrite the ending.
 I just finished this tome, hoping for some glimmer of greatness like I felt in his blockbuster creation. Alas, it wasn't to be.<br/><br/>If The Da Vinci Code was his only book, Dan Brown's place in the firmament of popular authors marrying controversial material to tight-paced action would be assured. But, despite meticulous in-depth research on the masonic order and various symbols and vivid description of Washington D.C. and its historic monuments, it left me disappointed. I couldn't help but wonder if he simply get corralled into producing another blockbuster under deadline, and scrambled to assemble a less gripping payoff in plot with the usual Disney-esque good guys and black-hearted villains. Was he simply lured into coming out with another inspired effort, or, short of that, a semblance thereof -- huge sales guaranteed -- once on the merry-go-round of celebrity? Alas, that's how the mish-mash of a book struck me, anyhow, and I loved DVC so much I've read it four times.<br/><br/>It's unfortunate our materialistic culture encourages writers to keep cranking out new creations whether they feel inspired to or not, replicating the old structural formula of past efforts and in the process lose the kind of cohesion, pacing and inspired, integrated thought of former, more original glories.<br/><br/>Granted, equaling such an effort with the follow up was virtually impossible. But I wondered about my inability to get into the book with more than a fraction of my enthrallment over DVC. I've changed since then; Brown has changed; the level of humanity's collective consciousness has changed. Why did I find myself objecting to the black-and-white blending of profound enlightened thought with evil, violent characters? It worked before; why not now? I'm not sure, but found it so off-putting, such an oil-and-water mix effort, that, frankly, I resented the two being under the same cover. The extremes seemed to cancel each other out, like a good formula gone awry. the material covered is so fascinating, it might have worked better as a creative non-fiction work.<br/><br/>Is it possible we've turned a corner in our consciousness, so that trying to blend pure, expansive knowledge with dark, contracting evil just doesn't work anymore?
 Amazon currently has over a thousand reviews of The Lost Symbol, so there is really not much else to say. Just a few key points.<br/><br/>1. If you enjoyed Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code, you will probably want to read this one. Lots of similarities in plot, pacing, and characters. Too much historical background at times.<br/>2. Professor Langdon again shows amazing intellect and memory.<br/>3. Bad guy very reminiscent of the albino monk in The Da Vinci Code<br/>4. Symbols, clues, puzzles, and a race against time. Much religion and philosophy.<br/>5. Freemasons won't be happy, but the D.C. Tourist Bureau will love the book. People will be going all over the city saying "Oh, look. That's in the book."<br/>6. A true page-turner. You'll want to see what happens next.
 I only gave this book two stars.  It is not badly written, but the central premise is profoundly absurd. It involves a fake science(which ends up being a red herring), and the assertion that the CIA would dispatch a hit team inside Washington, DC to prevent some public officials from being embarrassed in the media. While his earlier books were about religious mysteries, this book is about the mysterious Freemasons, and how they have guarded the Ancient Mysteries that grant mankind unspeakable power.  The secret has been carefully hidden in our nation's capital since the days of George Washington, but the masons have a traitor in their midst and their greatest secrets are about to be revealed.  The CIA is called in to stop this "national security crisis of unimaginable proportions." Is the world about to end?  Is some terror about to be unleashed on an unsuspecting public?  NO. So what is this unimaginable horror?  Someone videotaped the secret indoctrination ceremony of the Freemasons and is threatening to post it on Youtube.  No, I am NOT kidding.  Poor, misunderstood Freemasons could be publicly outed, so the CIA sends in a hit team to try and take out Robert Langdon.  Much better to murder a prominent scientist and let a kidnap victim die than suffer a little public embarrassment.  The entire premise is absolutely, profoundly preposterous. While the history of early America was fascinating as was alot of the info about the Freemasons, the plot was too flawed to salvage this book. I could buy that the villain was trying to blackmail government officials who were masons into revealing the secret ancient knowledge they were supposedly hiding (the secret is a major disappointment &lt;SPOILER ALERT: the secret code is "Praise God" and the secret "word" is the Bible- yes the ancient mysterious secret of the masons is the BIBLE&gt;).  But other fundamental flaws in the story were too silly to swallow.  For instance, the villain's lair and his real identity were discovered, and he openly realizes in the book that he must go into hiding.  So what happens next?  He returns to his lair and continues his plan virtually unimpeded. Fun to read in some ways, especially if you have an interest in early America and Freemasons, but it has two solid strikes against it.
 I enjoyed Angels &amp; Demons and the Da Vinci Code, but Dan Brown's latest effort was a big disappointment.  While I don't expect great English literature when I read Brown's books, I do expect a cohesive plot and interesting dialogue.  The plot was very simplistic and it felt like Brown was stretching at times to tie things together (the silly sensory deprivation chamber is a good example).<br/><br/>While the villans in his previous books were interesting, I think Brown was just going for shock factor in the Lost Symbol.  The dialogue is very unrealistic and has a sappy quality to it.  The characters constantly speak to each other as if they are teaching a college level course on Masonic symbology (a lot like the preachy quality of the dialogue in the movie adaptations of A&amp;D and Da Vinci).  I expected a lot more given the amount of time Brown spent on this one.
 I actually pre-ordered the hard-cover version of this book and paid full price for it ... and I have no regrets.  Dan Brown has done it again and this, along with the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons soars head and shoulders above Digital Fortress.  It's as twisted and history-meets-theory enriched as the rest with a new, compelling and equally creepy villain to match.  I was slightly disappointed to find far fewer puzzles to be solved in this book, with the others I enjoyed pausing during the read to try and figure out the puzzle or clue before Langdon and his sidekick of the hour could do it for me.  In this novel there were really only one or two puzzles to be solved but the eye opening inclusion of interesting scientific studies briefly cusped in this tomb has led me on a path of insatiable reading pleasure long after I closed the Lost Symbol and placed it in its new home upon my shelf.<br/><br/>Well worth the price I paid and by far worth the cost of the kindle version.
 I have to agree with some of the reviews here in that The Lost Symbol is not as good as the previous two books. I didn't expect anything greater, so I'm not horribly disappointed. The book is still a page turner. For me it was exciting because I do live in Washington D.C. and do know many of the places he writes about. A lot of the reviewers here will negatively discuss his writing style, and say that it was predictable - yes the book is predictable, just like Harry Potter is predictable, why? because each author has a style so get over it. However, I will say that the book could have been better edited, and shorter. I also agree that the focus on Noetic "science" in the end proved useless in the context of the plot.<br/><br/>Still a good read though, and I recommend.
 I think this is his best book yet, because it is not so much a rant against older systems of religious control, but more into the positive message of the mystery school type teachings.  Along with, of course, his fame for making it all into a thrilling mystery, which is what turns on alot of people, I guess.  But having been very familiar for a long time with the gnostic, mystery school type teachings and Masonic stuff in particular, I thought he did a very good job of "exposing" their egalitarian, universal "truths" quite well,  showing why the stuff was "secret" at one time - because institutions of control loved to "bash" this stuff with all the reasons he exemplified with examples in the beginning of the book.  Also very good at taking you thru existing monuments, buildings and murals in Washington D.C. that most people probably never knew existed!!  I'll bet the House of the Temple is gearing up for heavier tourist traffic!!  But heavy if you're not interested in ultimate truths!!!, again unless the mystery of what happens next stuff excites you; I did think the plot of the disenchanted son was psychologically very clever!!!!
 Let's see, what qualities does this book have.<br/><br/>Boring prattle that goes on and on and about ridiculous trivialities? - Check<br/>Extensive, lengthy offensive segments about torture and murder from the victim's perspective? - Check<br/>Completely unbelievable plot with holes the size of small planets? - Check<br/><br/>Frankly it's difficult for me to believe how stupid everyone in the book has to be to allow the plot to move forward.  Apparently everyone in this story is a complete moron to not see through the "masterful disguise" and the "evil genius" plans of the antagonist.<br/><br/>I accept that suspension of disbelief is required for any Dan Brown novel, but this one is beyond the pale.<br/><br/>To each their own of course, but I found this one to be terrible.
 First off. I won't give anything away in this review. What a great adventure. Fantastic book from cover to cover. The only problem: How can any Langdon adventure ever beat the Da Vinci Code. It simply can't just because it was such a fantastic blend of a brain roller coaster and thriller. The lost symbol is close but not quite there. Brain stimulating wise it offers almost as much - but how can you beat how we forever view "the last supper"... Ok to my review:  As a big fan of early American History and the great city of Washington DC it was a pleasure to read. Also loved the kudos to the ancient world and especially the ancient appreciation for the brain. (the only super computer of the time - makes sense why they had such a interest in the brain - and how we today may sometimes overlook it) The spiritual conclusion in the book is just out of this world and could and should spark a new "religion". (like we need one more) A very open, non denominational self empowering spiritual "following". Sign me up!!  Dan Brown I thank you. As "a creative" myself I know it must be frustrating for you to know how hard it will be to ever beat the Da Vinci Code's success. Keep trying - I will read everything you'll write. I would also like to read a book about your seemingly fantastic and open views on spirituality and higher powers, in a non thriller (non-fiction) format.<br/><br/>A related comment to the Langdon series: I wish the movies would have been better of both Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons . What Dan Brown gives us via his intellectual observations and insightful writing seemingly can't be translated to film. So far it's Dan Brown 2 Hollywood 0. Here's a challenge to European/international film makers: Please try to cut a deal with whomever holds the movie rights and give it a go. Italian, Swedish, British, French, Czech... Perhaps the less commercial and more serious style of foreign films would suite the subject matters and the intellectual content better. This way a larger audience would be introduced properly to Dan Brown's magnificent work. (I am sure that the last two films have disappointed both book fans and potential Dan Brown readers) I am not holding my breath for the Lost Symbol movie...but I will probably go and see it, just for the "cheap" cinematic visit to Washington DC.
 I live near DC so it is always fun to pick up a book like this and read about places I have visited or seen, know about, or could visit.<br/><br/>This particular Robert Langdon novel took me longer to get into than The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, but once I did, I enjoyed it.  It was fun, and that is about all I can say.<br/><br/>There were some issues for me with clarity, some things never really got cleared up.  For example, Inoue Sato-Director of the Office of Security for the CIA, is she part of the female break off group of the Freemasons or not?  it was alluded to numerous times in the book, but we never got a clear answers.  The masons seem to be a go to secret group for books and/or movies like this (National Treasure and From Hell spring to mind) and I don't mind that, but give me something that the others haven't.  Something new.<br/><br/>My one beef is Brown's villians.  WHY are they always....odd..for lack of a better word.  We have had the Albino Monk, the 'brothers' from Angels and Demons, and then we have the Tattooed 'monster' from this book.  I think it is easy to see the 'monster' in those that do not fit in, that don't blend, unfortunately it is usually the monsters we don't see that are the scariest, and Brown doesn't seem to utilize that sort of slippery slope.<br/><br/>this was a fun book, what more do we need!
 Ten pages in, I told myself, "if this thing ends at the ....., I'm going to be pissed."<br/><br/>Well I braved every 3 page chapter and that's exactly what happened.  I find it pretty amazing this took so long to write.  Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code was really great trash - thought provoking, fun, but shallow trash.  It was simple minded fodder for a three hour flight.<br/><br/>This one makes no sense, the villain changes every chapter or two and the payoff, as i eluded to, is one you may guess without even reading the book.<br/><br/>I've read jokes on fudgesicle sticks that were more clever.  Buy it used or just watch "National Treasure." I can't believe I recommended that movie, but well there you have it.
 The book started out with promise but quickly went down-hill.<br/><br/>Yes, it's fiction but even so, some events in the book just made me cringe.  For example, the part where Robert and Katherine got fooled AGAIN by Malak and was tricked to come to his home to see Peter. HELLO!!!!  Peter was just 'allegedly' discovered in the home by security personnel and police officers, wouldn't they have whisked him off to the hospital?  After all, it's only his hand that was cut off.<br/><br/>I was just dying for the book to end and was miserable as I got closer to the end.
 This is the first Dan Brown novel I've read. I have seen the movie for the Da Vinci Code which I loved. I read the digital special illustrated version on my iPad.  You should definitely read the illustrated version which has lots of great pictures of the architecture of D.C. , of paintings, and the actual puzzles which Prof. Langdon had to solve.  I don't think he is a great writer especially when it comes to some of the dialogue and character creation and development. I assume the target audience is everyone and their grandmother though so it's acceptable.  His style is excellent in other ways because he captures the essence of wonder.  Like a kid going to a museum for the first time on a school field trip, you are filled with wonder and excitement at the ideas and possibilities Brown brings forth.<br/><br/>I spent some time reading the negative reviews and frankly, I think some of those reviewers are being way over-analytical.  Picking out all kinds of little details about why did the character do this or say that.  While there may be some validity to these points, this alone is not enough to take away the magic Brown makes with his ideas and connections between esoterica, architecture, art, religion, secret societies, symbols, puzzles, philosophy and so on.<br/><br/>When a book can make you interested in subjects and want to learn more it is a good one..period.  It's a brilliant story and I would now perhaps like to visit D.C. and see these places with my own eyes.  Perhaps It will encourage a reader to learn more about Sir Isaac Newton, god, the earliest religions, about the Freemasons, the founding fathers, the Rosicrusians, the pyramids, or countless other things that this book makes you think about.
 An entertaining story and I didn't feel my time was wasted in reading this one.  To make the inevitable - and perhaps unfair - comparison to Brown's other two books I've read, this one did not compel me to sit long into the night and keep turning the pages in anticipation of what comes next.<br/><br/>Couldn't get over the sense that I was reading a novel written with the purpose of becoming a screenplay.<br/><br/>The ending was weak and bizarre.  Ten hours of trauma that is followed up with a tour of Washington DC in the dead of a cold winter night?  Strange and misplaced.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, as with Brown's other novels, this one served its purpose.  It entertained me and removed me temporarily from my reality.
 Dear Professor Langdon,<br/><br/>Why do you keep getting into chartered jets?  They always take you to disaster.  That's a warning for you, my erstwhile colleague, and a recommendation for everyone else to read this latest paperweight of a thriller!<br/><br/>Sincerely.<br/><br/>Bevan<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is weighted down by didactic exposition, around a hundred or so pages too long, and uses the exact same plot devices of Brown's other repetive books.  I love it.<br/><br/>What I appreciate most about Mr. Brown's work is his commitment to the portrayal of professors as heroes: deliverying death defying stunts one minute, lecturing a class for the next forty-five minutes.  Finally, a character other than Clifford the Big Red Dog with I whom I must identify.<br/><br/>If I had any criticisms of this fine novel it would be that Mr. Brown pay more attention to the minutae of academic life.  What are Professor Langdon's Office Hours?  With which Professors does he squabble with over core requirements?  How does he deal with the obvious BO one aquires being around literature all day?<br/><br/>Recommended reading for all who wish to understand us Professors.  Warning: the conspiracy elements do tend to drag on for a bit.<br/><br/>Perhaps the movie can have an adjunct professor who follows Professor Langdon around to help circulate handouts each time Langdon gives one of his exciting lectures?  I nominate myself.  We would make quite the pair.  Kudos.
 Dan Brown hasn't lost the ability to write breathless action and countless plot twists, but both the action and the twists will be very familiar to those who have read The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons.  Replace Mal'akh with the Assassin or the Albino, and little is lost.  The Masons start to blend in with the Illuminati and the Templars.  Langdon has the necessary tag-along love interest, and together they carry an item that reveals a maze of hidden meaning in a large city.  The only real difference is you feel that less is at stake in this novel.  The threat that Langdon is trying to prevent doesn't materialize until very late in the book, which for the first few hundred pages makes you wonder why we're paying such close attention.  Some people criticize the very end of the book (i.e., after the action-filled climax), but I found those pages to be the most enjoyable.  It was the first time where the pacing of the book slowed down, and Dan Brown's thoughts were given room to breathe...and they were compelling.  But those touching pages come too late to save the book as a whole.  In the end, the book comforts you to let you know that Dan Brown can find a layer of mystery in well known places and wrap an exciting story around it, but it makes you wonder why it took him 6 years to write such a formulaic effort.
 I always thought I liked Dan Brown's writing. All of his novels have been thought-provoking, and the early thrillers (Digital Fortress, Deception Point) were very good lead-ins to the gripping Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code. So I started The Lost Symbol with great expectations, only to become bogged down in endless pomposity ("The Rose Cross," Langdon explained, "is a common symbol in Freemasonry. In fact, one of the degrees of the Scottish Rite is called 'Knights of the Rose Cross' and honors the early Rosicrucians, who contributed to Masonic mystical philosophy. Peter may have mentioned the Rosicrucians to you"), driven forward by melodramatic pronouncements ("You will help me stop this man," Sato said. "He has the potential to bring about a cataclysm from which this country might not recover"). The good guys are all wooden and the bad guys are caricatures, including an apparently psychotic CIA security director and a narcissistic, merciless killer (in this case a tattooed mystic rather than an albino monk). I struggled through to page 330, then gave up. My advice is to wait for the movie.
 Robert from Harvard university, is a Symbologist and he trying to save thinks that Langdon can find it for him. Katherine Peter Solomon and Roberts friend fine the Talismans in U.S. Capitol Building.
 Most of the reviews here are dead on so I'm not going go into the plot.  This book was kind of like a roller coaster ride.  It started very slowly but eventually got very interesting and fun, and at the end, wound up screeching to a halt.  The end of the book was the most disappointing.  In his previous books, Dan Brown managed to surprise and awe us with the final revelation; however, in The Lost Symbol, this isn't the case.  While, I enjoyed the whole ride, I was left wanting much more in the final chapters.  Honestly, I hope they don't make a movie out of this, or if they do, at least change the ending to something much more satisfying.  I do hope Dan Brown continues to write more books, I really enjoy his in depth research and his way of exposing real-life societies.
 I read this book sometime ago and was extremely impress with Dan's literary skills and thought process. My objective was to read a novel by a well known author and nothing more. This second reading has open my eyes to what was in front of me that I never saw - an understanding of the Christian Bible and its message of those who read it. Not only does Dan give us a great history lesson in this book but more importantly "Hope" to a universal understanding of what we can do collectively to make a better world for everyone!!!
 This book combines all of the elements of his other books in a new setting and with mostly new versions of secret societies and ancient symbols and architecture designed with hidden meanings targeted for those in the know. Dan Brown uses the same techniques to keep you reading and these work well as the book went quickly for me without any lags in interest. Professor Langdon with his eidetic memory and exhaustive knowledge on ancient symbols makes a heroic appearance once again and finds himself pitted against a very crafty villain willing to use the greatest evil towards his ends. The setting is Washington, DC and there is interesting information about the city throughout. Dan Brown tries to touch on major philosophical issues such as the soul and life after death and his reach might be a little too broad. Maybe he should save some of these themes for another book. The only criticism (a mild one) is that I kept wondering how in the world the villain could pose a grave national threat or an international one. When the reasons came out I can't say I was particularly convinced. All in all this is great entertainment though.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Griffon-Trilogy-Pt-I/dp/1931391912/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Griffon Trilogy (Pt. I)</a>
 Okay, I agree with many of the reviewers here. Great literature, it isn't. Dan Brown just doesn't get it; to be a writer, you have to actually know how to write. A little more characterization would be nice, too. Maybe make them at least two dimensional, Dan?<br/><br/>That being said, I went ahead and purchased The Lost Symbol rather than wait for it at the library. I should have waited.<br/><br/>The action is fast-paced and does keep one engaged. You do have to suspend disbelief to read this book, but that's fiction for you.<br/><br/>My problem with the book is that after the action ends, there's a lot of the book left. WARNING: The following constitutes a SPOILER. Can someone please explain to me how a man who has had a hand removed, basically a butcher job, in the last 24 hours, seen his son die horifically, thinks his sister may be dead, and has undergone physical and psychological torture, can think that escorting Robert Langdon around Washington DC in the middle of the night, because he deserves to understand what's gone on, is his life's priority at that moment? Please. Does Dan Brown live in a cave? Does he know nothing about human nature? Basic psychology? All that I can conclude is that in the last several chapters of this book, Brown is working out his personal theological/metaphysical/philosophical creed.<br/><br/>I very much enjoyed The DaVinci Code in spite of the writing, Angels and Demons not so much (just too farfetched even for fiction), but I would have to rank this one at the bottom of the Dan Brown heap. Get it from the library, or at least wait for the paperback.
 my personal favorite Dan brown novel....I enjoyed his other works but this one I could not put down..I cam home night after night looking forward to seeing what happened next...I went into this book not expecting much because honestly how can you follow the Davinci code...but he truly out did himself....this story stands on its own merits more so than the Davinci code witch in my opinion was so popular do to its controversy. buy the lost symbol...you will not regret it.
 I've read other of Mr. Brown's books and found them to be entertaining and page-turning.  Good summer reading.<br/><br/>This outing, however, fell flat in so many ways.  It was predictable, there was little tension/suspense, Langdon appears unbelievably stupid (as in "How can anyone with his reputation be so stupid?"), glaring plot inconsistencies, and all told in a hum-drum kind of way.<br/><br/>The constant hammering of Christian/Masonic ideals becomes dull and, in no way, explains or forgives the action in the book.  It's simply "this book needs a message" hook on which to hang the rest of the tale.  It does nothing to explain motive for the antagonist and, really, isn't at the root of his motivation.<br/><br/>The cliffhanger "beat the clock" devices were really neither - and any nine-year-old with a computer could have told the author so.<br/><br/>Many of the "saves" felt unbelievably contrived.  An immersion tank?  One that uses a fluid that allows the person to continue breathing?  And the antagonist (who didn't want Langdon to live)  didn't know that?  After using it repeatedly?<br/><br/>The final reveal felt like a complete sell-out that was tacked on because of a deadline.<br/><br/>Overall, the book felt more like a story sketched out one weekend with a few details thrown in after lunch with the publisher.<br/><br/>While in previous books, like "The DaVinci Code", you could turn the final page and feel that you'd enjoyed a well-told story, that was not the case here.  In fact, I resented having paid $9.99 for the Kindle version.  It just wasn't worth it.
 As many of you, I was an instant Dan Brown fan after reading the DaVinci Code.  Soon there after, I read his previous novels in reverse order of publication only to be more disappointed with each novel.  My thought then was, and it should stand to reason, that The Lost Symbol would be amazing.<br/><br/>I am sorry to report, however, that The Lost Symbol rates below Angels and Demons on my "Liking" scale.  Question: What went wrong? It was all there; the story line, the research, the protagonist, the antagonist, the urgency - Everything!  Answer: the presentation and execution were almost; terrible.  While there were moments where I found myself in a "DaVinci-like" trance and unable to set the book down, those moments were far too few and far between.<br/><br/>There was a real sense of disconnection within the text.  It is almost as thought there were three separate writing/creative sessions if you will.  The first part of the novel was slow to develop and not very captivating from a reader's perspective.  The middle section - which is by far the best from a flow and interest perspective - had a very different feel than the other two.  And lastly, the third section, or last 60 - 70 pages, were completely disparate and could be omitted.  I would even be so bold as to say the experience would have been more pleasing to me had they not been included.<br/><br/>This is not the first time my expectations were not met; shame on me, I just was expecting more...
 As I stated in my title... I liked this book but I didnt love it. I loved DaVinci Code and then Angels and Demons...but this one I liked the least of the three. NOW... let me state that the history and conspiracy theories in this book are captivating. I love the detail. On the other hand as i read this book it began to drown in the details and I would loose sight of what the plot was. I honestly feel like what he wrote in approx 500 pages could have easily been done in 350 pages. It felt like he spent half the book in the basement of the capital talking about each brick. That is the best way I can describe the endless details that will cause a reader to skim pages and lose interest. People will buy this book because it is the sequel with Robert Langdon. The only thing I can promise is that they will come away shaking their heads trying to process all the details and information.
 I have enjoyed Dan Brown's other books and understand that fiction is fiction so I haven't read his novels expecting to find great truths for life, philosophy, theology etc.  I'm just looking for an exciting story and chalk up what he spouts in this regard as fantasy and enjoyed the ride previously.  Unfortunately, I think in this book he officially crosses a line and genuinely no longer can separate fact (or myth) from fiction. I think he needs to pick what kind of author he honestly wants to be and come clean.<br/><br/>To me it appears that he now truly believes that what he has his characters share in a story is indeed spiritual and theological masterpiece for the ages. His characters "insights" on the Bible, for example, are just plain wacky and "out there". Talk about preachy and scary. The length of time in this book he spends going into great detail about all this theosophical and theological stuff is evidence to me that he really thinks he is a great sage with wonders to share.  Piffle. Just writing characters with apparent authority in a work of fiction does not validate the words that those characters speak.  I felt insulted that he would push his worldview so strongly in a supposed work of fiction. I couldn't even finish the last few pages it read so much like some cults' dogma.  If this was instead a heavily Christian themed story camouflaged as a mainstream novel, people wouldn't put up with the pages and pages of spiritual propaganda that this guy puts out.<br/><br/>But, I must credit him for succesfully selling his new age and mystical musings to the masses, but I for one will no longer be buying.
 I loved “The Da Vinci Code.” I read it when it first came out in hardback, and then I read it again a few years ago in paperback. Since then I’ve been looking for a good thriller with the right balance of an interesting mystery, actual history, and a good plot with believable characters. “The Lost Symbol” didn’t  live up to my expectations. It was very wordy and although the characters are all supposed to be brilliant and highly educated, they behaved very unrealistically. Also, the villain seemed kind of stock, and you can figure out most of this one well before you get to the end—an ending that felt very formulaic to me. If you are looking for something fresher and with more of the power of DVC, try “The Christos Mosaic.” It has a great cast of characters, a riveting mystery, ancient history relating to the origins of Christianity, a lot of action in exotic locations that are very beautifully and realistically described. “Inferno” was also better than “Lost Symbol” if you want to stay with the formula.
 If you liked The Da Vinci code and thought that this book would provide the same kind of excitement, then you might be in for a let down. The problem with The Lost Symbol is that it is so similar with its predecessors (The Da Vinci code, Angels and Demons) that the plot becomes predictable. Yet again Robert Langdon is called to the site of a murder/mystery, he again finds himself on the run with a female companion, they have to escape from the authorities as well as a medieval villain, the entire plot takes place in a single day and so on. The climax is very underwhelming - especially after all the hype that Brown tries to create about "the ancient mysteries" and the role of America's founding fathers. Somehow the previous stories with their ancient European histories were much better than this one.
 After enjoying all of Brown's books and almost 3/4's of this one, I was amazed that a gifted storyteller could throw all his sub-plots into a blender and puree every one of them.  Dan Brown is not Shakespeare nor do I expect great literature from him, but I usually get alternative takes on historic facts, scavenger-hunt-esque adventure and a thought provoking ending albeit through his tried and true formula of mentor/friend really being the bad guy.  (The rest is Spoiler coming if you haven't read the book yet). So, I was highly relieved that Peter Solomon was not really "in on it" . Yet as predictable as that would have been for Brown, it was less predictable than who the bad guy really was.  Did anybody NOT see that coming? And that is just the first of so many let downs.<br/><br/> I'm racking my brain why the CIA (and not the FBI) was involved due to the National Security implications.  So, as an avid try-to-guess-what's-coming-reader, I assume Katherine's research into how group thought(prayer)can affect events and CIA involvement and Ma'lach's determination to destroy all her research...I'm thinking he will somehow cause the whole world to think about some awful thing, say nuclear annihilation or world wide plague or forcing everyone to read this book.  But the intriguing twists Noetic Science could have produced never materialized.  Katherine could have worked at a 7-11 and the plot would not have been affected.<br/><br/>The government involvement was actually laughable.  Since when is a politician caught on tape doing something morally reprehensible a crisis of utmost importance?  Has Brown been living on a deserted island the last six years?  When the Architect was shocked into cooperation, I suspected piles of bloody bodies that were a sign of things to come from the villain.  But it was a handful of politicians in their Mason regalia performing initiations?  How many governors, senators, Presidents have we caught in far more compromising situations?  Most are still in office.<br/><br/>But most disappointing is the end after the end.  Ok, Langdon ran all over town decoding this and that and told us alot about art and Ancient Mysteries which is what I enjoy.  He made several references to King Solomon, yet there's no connection to the Solomon family who was entrusted with the pyramid?  The Masons knew where the "treasure" was the whole time?  What was the point in the secret pyramid and capstone?  The most obvious place where it could be is where it really is?  It's not really a bunch of informative scrolls passed down through the ages that tell us people really can make things happen just by thinking about it.  Come on, it's the Bible?  Did the Catholic Church sue Brown and this is his punishment?<br/><br/>Brown had so many potential plot twists and ways to tie everything together and he didn't.  I felt as if he wrote down ideas that came to him on little scraps of paper and pasted them all together.  I wouldn't have been so disappointed if someone else had wrote this book.
 Dan Brown's main character from his previous two books, Robert Langdon, gets involved this time with the Masons in Washington, DC.<br/><br/>Dan Brown and his publisher are laughing all the way to the bank, with an initial release of 5 million copies, though I rate this book at barely 3 stars. (Sure more stars equals a "helpful review") but I'm being responsible with this review to prospective readers. As a follow-on novel to Angels &amp; Demons, and The Da Vinci Code, this book disappointed me.<br/><br/>On the positive side, it's fast moving with all 505 pages taking place over a single day/night as is typical fashion for the author.  It gives the reader a private look into some details of DC that most of us would never have known, much less will ever see.<br/><br/>However, the plot is formulaic, somewhat predictable, and simplistic.  It almost reads like he was thinking of writing a movie script, and less so a novel that we really care about.  Moreover, his writing style, while intended for the masses of readers he will have, is shallow, simple, and just very basic.  Nothing really thought provoking.  But if that does'nt matter to you, then at least you now know.<br/><br/>This book just didnt capture me, and though parts are interesting, I was glad to finish it.  For those of you that decide to read it anyway, my suggetion is to not expect anything better or even equal to his two previous books - in fact less so - and if you can do that, then maybe you wont be as disappointed as I was.
 I was a bit nervous to read Dan Brown's new novel because I thoroughly enjoyed his last two so much and it would not have surprised me if this one was not as good. But to my delight, The Lost Symbol began with typical fast-paced mystery and intrigue which did not stop until the very end. I tore through this book at lightening speed.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is different from The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons in that it follows Robert Langdon as he scurries across Washington D.C. as opposed to countries in Europe. But it is the same in that symbology, mysticism and secret societies abound. There is a crazy evil genius as in the last two books and I will be interested to see who plays his part in the movie adaptation (because we all know a movie will be forthcoming). Essentially, The Lost Symbol has pretty much the same plot as Brown's other two books but I still couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>All in all, I enjoyed reading this book a lot, but I am pretty sure this is the last time Dan Brown can write the same book with different characters and slightly different story lines and get away with it. I enjoy Brown's style of writing and the fast-paced excitement of the plots he creates, but I hope he can come up with something new next time.
 I was on board for the whole story up until the end of the book, which I can't identify - it was supposed to be either a third act or a denouement (it is written as a screenplay in all except for format and the inclusion of unspoken thoughts). The author doesn't so much end the book as he does stop writing.<br/><br/>All of the little logical gotchas that take you out of the story and draw attention to flaws in the plot - all that stuff is there in much greater force than in previous books. And the solution to the nominal goal - where is this mysterious staircase in D.C. under a great stone building - is telegraphed from the beginning. Also Malach's secret identity was obvious from the beginning of his backstory. The most interesting thing that keeps the pages turning is the little cryptogram contained in the Masons' Pyramid, but of course that turns out to be a huge letdown.<br/><br/>I'd summarize the entertainment quality of this book like this: it was just barely worth my time, no regrets yet, but if Dan Brown's next book doesn't come back up to the level of craftsmanship I'm used to, that will be the end of my interest in his books.
 When I finaly managed to finish this pretentious, overblown so-called book, I was furious. There is no book, Mr. Brown, without characters and relationships. The author pontificates relentlessly and flaunts his 5-year long research, and all he accomplishes is this glossy ad-campaign for Freemasonry. Clandestine organization with morbid, necrophiliac rituals, that infiltrates the top echalons of money and power was represented like a benevolent needlepoint club.<br/>And how about the super-hero villain with tatoos. Real danger lies in people like Karl Rove, not in exibitionist, please stare at me, goofballs.<br/>Hopefully Dan Brown made enough money. Its time for a new passtime. Boookwriting isn't working out.
 The Lost Symbol has its own special place in my Dan Brown 'Favorites' list.  I'm a huge Dan Brown fan, and yet have mixed thoughts about The Lost Symbol.  I started this book, like a lot of people, with enormous anticipation.  I'm ranking this book #2 on my Dan Brown list - behind Angels &amp; Demons, for a couple of reasons.  I was not able to read the Lost Symbol is large quantities, like I did Angels &amp; Demons.  A couple chapters here, a couple chapters there...it took me three months to get to page 250.  That being said, I didn't find the first half of the book to be the page turner I expected.  However, because of some down time around the holidays, I was able to read the second half of the book in two days.  I really enjoyed the second half and was unable to put it down!<br/><br/>The LS met my Dan Brown intelligent writing expectation with another religion/science/secret brotherhood story.  The Lost Symbol was well researched and written in an interesting style that keeps your attention and keeps you wanting more.  I give the book four stars and recommend to anyone who is intrigued by technology, religion and secret societies.
 Fantastic read! Brown takes you on a journey that will boggle the mind. He does what he does so well: introduce new meanings to cause you to open your mind and think.
 While I admire Mr. Brown's creativity and clearly planned method of writing, I am quite tired of the repetitive nature of his story lines. Mr. Brown seems to have become too comfortable with this subject matter by being repetitive, dragged out with the philosophical ideas of the "Masonic" world. If you've never read his previous books on the subject matter, this may be interesting and enlightening to you. If however you are up to beat with his previous novels on the subject of Free Masons, then be prepared to be disappointed, maybe even fed up for the last few chapters of this book. Hope they don't turn this into a movie, or maybe if they do it won't disappoint as much as the book.<br/><br/>Having said that, I may very well read his next release if it's not about the Masonic culture. He is eloquent and thoughtful in his art; does gads of research and really gets into his story.
 Compared to Dan Brown's earlier novels, I would place this dead last.  The most interesting sections of the book developed the freemason influence on the formation of America. However, Nicholas Cage does a better job in the National Treasure series, especially with Diane Kruger, where there is a real connection.  A basic underlying theme of the novel was that no character, not even Mal'akh, was fully developed.  One wonders if Robert is a eunuch as well as Mal'akh in that he never seems to have an emotional or sensual connection to any of his damsels in distress.  Katherine seems to have feelings for Robert but they are never fully explored or explained.  It seems that truly intelligent Dan Brown characters are devoid of sexual attraction.  Walter (?) Bellamy appears to be an important figure who trails off into nothingness.  Peter's physical introduction in the second half of the book is pure mythology (1) he shows little if any feeling for his son after rediscovering him, and (2) impractical guiding of Robert to additional clues after having just lost his right hand (a physical if not emotional incapability.)  A truly interesting character is Inouc Sato, who, for much of the book I thought was going to end up being aligned with Mal'akh.  If it had occupied any more of my time I would have been disappointed, but considering that Borders sold them for 40% list price, it's not worth asking the author or publisher for a refund.
 "Lost Symbol" is Dan Brown's fifth novel and third featuring Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon.  He's Jack Bauer in a tweed coat.  Lost Symbol takes a slight departure from the other Langdon tomes; instead of skirting all around Europe, all of the action takes place in Washington, DC.  The ideology that gets the Dan Brown treatment are the Freemasons.<br/><br/>I liked the book.  Lost Symbol is fast-paced and is a rapid page turner at several junctures.  The Freemason stuff and historical info about Washington DC is interesting.  The arch-villain, Mal'ach is a much more intriguing character than the ones in "DaVinci Code" and "Angels and Demons." The plot is also not cluttered with layers and layers of traitors and double-crossers as in the other two Langdon novels.  The plot twist near the end of the book is a doozy.<br/><br/>As good as it was, there are some things I didn't care for.  The Langdon formula gets wearisome.  You get the impression that if Robert Langdon was in peril and he came across a Sunday New York Times Crossword Puzzle, Robert Langdon would have it filled out in a span of a minute.  Some of the symbology mysteries and their resolution border on the "Are you kidding me?" variety.  The plot has some holes in it.  For example, the CIA operatives ineptitude borders on the Keystone Cops or something.  It seems like the book went 20 pages too long.  The anticipated "big ending" of something truly mystical just never transpires.<br/><br/>But all said, Dan Brown is our most important author of this decade.  His long awaited release is well worth reading.
 Laughable is the best word to describe Brown's long awaited, but deeply disappointing novel. While I enjoyed learning about all the secrets and little known facts about Washington D.C., it seems he just threw them all into a fish bowl, pulled them out one by one and then tried to link them into the same old story line that he used in his other Robert Langdon books. Predictable, poor character development (or perhaps more like no character development), and downright boring in places! And for a guy with eidetic memory, Langdon sure forgot a lot of important things. I can't see even Tom Hanks making this role work in the movie version. And what I thought was the most fascinating concept, the noetic science, was nothing more than a before-thought and and after-thought. Dan Brown is laughing all the way to the bank with this one. He has joined that ever-growing club of authors (Patricia Cornwell, James Patterson, etc.) who start out with promise, but then get lazy and rely on previous fame and a tired-out formula for the sole purpose of making more money.
 The Lost Symbol is the 3rd in Dan Brown's Robert Langdon series. The story goes over 24 hours and starts with Langdon being flown by private jet to Washington to give a lecture as a favour to his long-time friend (and Mason), Peter Solomon. Soon enough, this turns out to be a ruse, and Langdon finds himself at the Capitol's Rotunda where Solomon's severed and tattooed hand is left by a mysterious man. Langdon's expertise as a symbologist is demanded to find and solve legendary Masonic Pyramid. The CIA are involved, and soon the action hots up. This book is (of course, as a Robert Langdon novel) filled with symbols, codes and puzzles, religious icons, lots of technology, chases and escapes, a seemingly invincible villain who is not what he seems, plot twists, apparently impossible resurrections and a virtual travelogue of Washington DC. There are some obvious flaws, and we are asked to believe that some characters will bizarrely put up with lengthy and unnecessary inconvenience. It is fiction, after all. But it is, nonetheless, exciting and fast moving. There are many facts about Washington and Masons and Ancient Mysteries. I couldn't get the image of Tom Hanks out of my head for Robert Langdon, although he really doesn't fit this description. I thought the climax was a bit anti-. Entertaining, all the same.
 I listened to Lost Symbol on unabridged audio CD, narrated by Paul Michael.  I understand many criticisms cited by other readers - formulaic, sometimes contrived, Robert Langdon "not believing his eyes"...etc.<br/><br/>These critiques are valid, but this audio book leaped off the page for me.  I listen to a lot of audio books commuting to work, and I've never heard narrator Paul Michael.  He's terrific, with a strong vocal tone that works well for male and female characters, and skill creating emotion and tension.  Also good with accents and different vocal styles for different characters.<br/><br/>Paul Michael's effectiveness brings out the best in Lost Symbol - the breakneck plot, and mysteries surrounding the symbols, for example.  He successfully downplays the cheesy elements of the story by not imbuing them with too much sentimentality or unfounded build-up.<br/><br/>As far as the plot goes, I really enjoyed the historical context about the Freemasons, and the symbol and word puzzles we're used to with Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>All-in-all, a very fun audio book that I think will keep you listening in your car after arriving at your destination.
 I had the book but I could not read it because it was so slow paced therefore I listened to it in the subway, when doing laundry etc. I loved the Da Vinci Code because it brought the old world into the 21st century. The Lost Symbol on the other hand seems to be generic and pushed to fit a preconceived mold. I hope that Dan Brown will get back on track and write for himself not for the camera.<br/><br/>Things I liked<br/>-Once again we were able to follow an old mystery to be revealed.<br/>-The allegory about the staircase and the hidden human potential was inspiring.<br/><br/>Things I did not like<br/>-I hate when in the middle of the book I figure out something that supposed to be a bombshell for the end. This happen when Mal'akh recalls the prison for the firs time. Then knowing his true identity till the end of the book was a pain.<br/>-I like descriptions but too much of it makes me want to flip the pages like pressing fast forward on the DVR.<br/>-I find it annoying when I want to scream at the character that they are stupid  especially when at the beginning they are describe as the smart type.
 I'm not going to write an A-Z review--it is too well covered by everyone else. I would like to focus just on one point, as I've recently read Steve Berry's Templar Legacy as well as this in quick succession---I'm weary of these inane endings where some stunning revelation is (or is not) made and then no one ever finds out about it. It is beyond belief that so many important things can happen--and then they are just covered up. If you can live with the inevitable "HUH? You gotta be kidding..." which is particularly going to happen with this book, which ends with a whimper not a bang, it is a fun read. But authors who bite off more than they can chew inevitably wind up disappointing in the end. Brown had nowhere to go with this.
 There are no words to describe the beauty of this book.... I absolutely loved the DaVinci Code and Mr. Brown's analysis of the sacred feminine and its' suppression throughout history.  So I thought he could never come close to writing anything more beautifully brilliant and truthful than that.  But he proved me wrong with The Lost Symbol.  Because in The Lost Symbol, Dan Brown takes us yet another step higher on the ladder of truth, with the subject of enlightened mind, and truth, regarding the universal oneness of all relgion....all mixed in with his usual page-turning, suspenseful, good vs. evil, great storyline!  Also the location that Mr. Brown chose this time around for his tale, broadened the love and appreciation I already have for the land of my birth &amp; the enlightened principles it was founded on....This book literally blew my mind!<br/><br/>I would also venture to say, that considering the subjects Mr. Brown is choosing lately to mix in with his suspenseful tales....he has some very good karma coming to him! :-)  Thank you so much for writing this book, Mr. Brown...It meant more to me than you could possibly know.
 While the story was decent, I found myself more often than not yelling at my CD player (I listened to this on my commute).  Nearly every character in this book stood baffled and idiotic for the entirety of this book.  Robert Langdon is the weakest hero ever to be in a book and I was dissappointed that Katherine didn't at least step up and take the place of the hero.  In the end, while I really like Dan Brown's work (particularly his earlier books), this really felt like he was showing off all his research.  I also felt like either Dan Brown thinks his readers are stupid, or the editor did, because we were re-indroduced to things time and time again and they had to be defined in full each time they were brought up.  After one explination of noetic science, i didn't need it to be explained in full each time it was mentioned.
 As many others have pointed out, Dan Brown is not the most refined of writers. The "Robert Langdon series" is remarkably formulaic. There are slight variations, but essentially each begsin with Robert dreaming, waking... being contacted (or already having been contacted) by some entity. An old man is always in trouble, usually he dies. A woman related to the old man is always involved, and always ends up being a romantic interest to Langdon. If Langdon is being held by authorities, a deus ex machina usually comes to his rescue. While you may not always know exactly what's going to happen in terms of the story, you usually have a vague idea.<br/><br/>However Brown compensates for his lack of polish and finesse with mounds of cultural and historical references which should lead you to other more absorbing works. This addition to the Langdon series is no disappointment for those who are willing to look past the formula and delve into the theories of lost arts and informations. Especially in the DaVinci Code and the Lost Symbol, much of the subject matter is unknown to the general public, making these rather interesting topics known to us that we might seek further knowledge of them. THAT precisely makes his works effective and worth reading.<br/><br/>1) Easy, light entertainment reading<br/>2) Exposes you to the surface of significantly more heavy material<br/><br/>That is the virtue of Dan Brown's writing. I highly recommend this book (as well as the DaVinci Code) to anyone who is not so full of himself that he considers these novels below him.
 You had to have this third novel to complete the trilogy for Hollywood to produce. It was an okay read, but I spotted the plot twist the minute it was introduced (when the background of the antagonist is introduced). I felt it borrowed from another famous novel by an author with the initials A.D., but twists that plot in the only other way you really can. Dan Brown has developed a captivating style which I think has now been fully explored and won't work again. I would even have to agree with most that it barely worked this time. If this novel had come out before The DaVinci Code, it would have been better as this novel will NOT generate the same level of controversy. I would agree it's better than Angels &amp; Demons, but below DaVinci Code. I'll also agree I'm glad I only bought the Kindle version (Thanks for letting me borrow yours, Dwayne!). Guess it'll be in theaters at the end of 2010. In the end the movie trilogy will be just like The Matrix, starts off with the best idea and just goes downhill from there.
 I agree with some of the more detailed descriptions so I will keep this short. I loved the Da Vinci code, I found Angels and Demons terrifying and gripping. Deception Point was pretty good too. I was absolutely disappointed in this book.<br/>The characters didn't make sense and you can't connect with them.<br/>It read like a stilted movie script.<br/>The ultimate meanings of the symbols was a huge let down.<br/>It read like a stilted movie script.<br/>The ending was weird and awkward.<br/>It read like a stilted movie script!<br/>I almost didn't finish Angels and Demons because the evilness was so overwhelming.<br/>I almost didn't finish this one because it was boring.<br/>I am really glad I borrowed this from the library.
 If you liked Angels and Demons and DaVinci Code, you will probably like this book. That said, I thought that the "background" on some of the scientific stuff about Noetic science was a little heavy-handed, as was some of the dramatic suspense elements (the revelations were "astounding" and "mind-blowing" etc.). Dan Brown has effectively mastered the ability to move a suspense plot along quickly with the appropriate amount of twists and surprises. I liked most of the characters and especially liked the D.C. setting as I am familiar with a lot of the venues/buildings referenced in the book. Overall, I thought it was a decent follow-up to DaVinci Code.
 While I enjoyed "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons", it is clear from his newest work that he has become his own cliche. Throughout the story, the "ticking time bomb" is an impending threat against national security, requiring the intervention of CIA Black Ops. But when the details of the threat are finally revealed to the reader near the end of the book, it turns out that at worst, it's a public relations scandal for a few politicians. Nothing criminal by any means.<br/><br/>Much of the story revolves around protagonist Robert Langdon running around an historic city with a woman in tow trying to decipher symbolic clues imbedded in architecture and artwork from an antiquated and secretive organization. It's the same formula his previous Langdon novels use. This time, instead of the Catholic Church or the Knights Templar/Priory of Scion, the organization in question is the Order of Freemasons.<br/><br/>There is a lot of New Age/New Thought philosophy and theology dumped on the reader in classic Dan Brown style, but more heavy-handed this time. A mashup between "Da Vinci Code" and the movie "What the Bleep" might sound promising, but it falls flat in this novel.
 I liked Robert Langdon in A&amp;D, but in Symbol, I find my self bored by him. My main problems with Dan Brown and his writing is this (and really it's not as bad in these latest books of his but if you have ever read DP or DF by him, you will know what I am getting at): He will imply something, then he will tell it to you, then he will tell it to you in more detail, THEN he will go in to torturous amounts of detail explaining every little deduction, analysis, and fact as to why what he's showing you is what is happening. I didn't mind as much in A&amp;D, perhaps because I was actually extremely fascinated by the science supporting religion theory, but in DP, DF (especially DF!), DVC and LS, all I could think is why am I reading this?
 The novel is a good read and a good example of a plot driven story line that other writers would do well to emulate.<br/><br/>Professor Langdon is a little one dimensional but the plot keeps twisting and the ideas expressed were sufficiently interesting to keep me pinned to the page. In fact I couldn't put the book down - and read it in two days.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's work is also a good example of how to exploit a unique niche that no one else has tapped. Combine that with a series of novels utilizing the same Protagonist and you have a winning combination.<br/><br/>The drama provides the emotional hook and the exploration of symbols combined with "The Puzzle Effect" give Dan Brown's books an endearing quality that will continue to win fans for years to come.<br/><br/>One can also readily see that a story like this could not possible be the product of only inspiration. The plot line was surly worked out from the end backwards to have all the pieces align so neatly; a principle that I thoroughly endorse.<br/><br/>Over all, "The Lost Symbol" is very satisfying on several levels and I highly recommend it. Not only is it a "good read" but a work worth studying by any aspiring novelist.<br/><br/>The principles of good storytelling are the same irrespective of genre. And Dan Brown is an excellent storyteller.<br/><br/>Write on...
 I don't know what was true. I don't know what was real. But Dan Brown certainly made every aspect of this novel jump off the page with lifelike authenticity. And that's all that matters.<br/><br/>I'm not a symbologist or an historian or a student of a particular religious faith. I'm just a guy who likes to spend a few hours every now and then sitting on his couch reading a good book. Documentary makers and people who write books about books will scrutinize and analyze the facts, pseudo-facts, and myths in The Lost Symbol for years to come. But I think if you simply accept that this novel is what it is--a piece of an extremely imaginative and diligent writer's fantasy--then you'll agree with me: this is one very good book.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is a smart, exciting, and fast-paced novel that I found incredibly hard to put down. Besides dealing with Freemasonry and ancient codes, it also discusses the relationships between science and faith, humanity and the divine. This book is not a simple thriller--it's also a book that will leave you with a different perspective on reality...or at the very least Washington D.C.!
 I thought this book was awful, and I don't say that simply because of Dan Brown's writing style or because of the flat, predictable story line.  I say it because it simply just a terrible book.  The characters are underdeveloped (which is quite a feat given the book is 528 pages long) and cliched, the plot meanders aimlessly for pages at a time, and the book is filled with entire throwaway chapters.  However, the worst part is to trudge all the way through it and find the ending is a complete and utter disappointment.<br/><br/>I have never felt Dan Brown was a stellar author, but both A&amp;D and DVC were at least entertaining and interesting.  But it was an absolute CHORE to finish reading this book; no wonder it took over 6 years to write.
 As usual Dan Brown takes us on a mythical, historical and a magical journey. From the first chapter to the last, I was glued to the story. The final outcome or the message of the story is believable, and encouraged me to do more research on the subject.<br/><br/>Now, there are lots of flashbacks. When I say 'a lot' ...I mean 'A LOT'. Almost all of the main characters past history are introduced as flashbacks and....I felt it was bit distracting or unnecessary. Other than that, I have no complains.<br/><br/>Still, The Da Vinci Code' is the number one for me. Lost Symbol can be put on #2 ...for now.<br/><br/>Also, the book has only 133 chapters :-) When you finish reading it, you will understand what I mean....
 This book was my favorite so far and I've read many. The symbology and the detailed references to the locations is absolutely breathtaking. Worth the read for sure! Made me look up everything on the internet for pictures. Dan Brown does a wonderful job of researching. I can't imagine the hours he puts in getting it right. Well done Mr Brown
 I've read Dan Brown's other books and I enjoyed The Lost Symbol. It's extremely difficult to research, digest, and weave together the scientific, religious, and historical information he utilized into a cohesive storyline. I've written three novels based on a significant amount of research so I continue to be impressed with Brown's ability to connect information together like dots. Perhaps the folks who are complaining about the science, theology, symbolism, and religious history are not capable of fully digesting the information. I liked the book because it gave me something to chew on both intellectually and philosophically. If you're not even able to chew it, that's your problem not Dan Brown's. I felt that the novel had both physical and intellectual movement despite the lack of deep character development. When I picked up The Lost Symbol, I accepted that it was a thriller. I wasn't looking for profound three-dimensional characters. I was looking for a fun, fantastical story that would pull me out of my every day reality for a few hours, and that's exactly what I got. I usually read more literary fiction. Most of the other commercial bestsellers I've read in Brown's category have not appealed to me as a writer so I was quite happy, once again, to enjoy Brown's storytelling. Most people don't realize how tough it is to write a great book, whether it's great literature or a commercial thriller.
 I was prepared to not love this book. Brown's "Da Vinci Code" is a really fun book. "Angels and Demons" is better. I bought "Symbol" as soon as it was available as an e-book and sat on it for a while. But once I got started, I was pulled right in and ended up flying through the book.<br/><br/>If you're not familiar with Brown's hero in his previous two books, Professor Robert Langdon, and his penchant for finding trouble and solving complex historical riddles, you"ll be underwhelmed by the opening chapters. The opening sequences started to feel like Brown had developed a series of clues in search of a plot. But once the problem-solving gets underway, the story simply flies.<br/><br/>"Symbol's" bad guy is real nasty. While he's not all that complex, he's reasonbly well-rounded and creepy to follow. Langdon has become Tom Hanks...and I couldn't NOT picture him running around "Symbol's" locale of Washington, D.C.<br/><br/>Brown's dialogue is hoky at times. The characters aren't the deepest, and the book could've been 25-40 pages shorter. But the story-telling is solid. It's extremely well paced, and infused with surprises. I simply enjoyed the book.
 Probably the worst book I read this year. I was high on expectations, been one of the first to buy, and what did I find? A book in search of an editor. Every single scene is repeated three or four times, the plot is stupid, the author does not know how to end the book, the female character is surrealistic, the Architect does not know where the wind comes from, a total, complete, absurd mess.<br/>And he took FIVE years to write this? I dare to say that he only published it because the publishers forced him to do, as I know the stakes were high.<br/>Take another ten years, and come with something as interesting as Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons (although in this second one, I could never digest the scene where the main character jumps from a helicopter and lands alive and well...)
 To start, I loved The DaVinci Code and don't really have a gripe with the writing style although it is fairly repetitive.  Loved the art history and symbol portions, which are really the reason to read Dan Brown.  Otherwise...<br/><br/>My main problem with the book is that the huge secret that the Masons have been keeping safe for centuries in order to protect Humankind dissipates into nothingness once it's revealed:  It is not actually much of a secret and Humankind wouldn't give a hoot to learn about this so-called "secret information" anyway. You probably could not pay Humankind to learn or care about this "secret"!<br/><br/>Also, I figured out the twist pretty early on.  This particular kind of twist requires some very adept writing skill, otherwise the awkwardness of the sentence structures act as a huge clue that things are not as they seem.  The whole fun of twists is that you don't see them coming.  It is not fun when you notice them from the beginning.<br/><br/>So, Dan, please write another book like The DaVinci Code which introduces us to a very intriguing new concept that is hidden in age old symbols.  And forgot this National Treasure retread that goes nowhere.
 I really enjoy a good long read, but not if it's length serves no point. This book had an excellent Storyline, but was probably twice as long as it needed to be.  The rest was filled with details but it actually became tedious to read through. At the beginning I found it interesting, but halfway through, it was just too much. I wouldn't recommend it.
 Steven Spielberg makes "Steven Spielberg" movies. Michael Bay makes "Michael Bay" films. J.K Rowling, Michael Crichton, etc... The storytellers of our generation (book OR film) do what they know and they know what they do. Dan Brown is no different. I think the best comparison I can give this book (as in what I thought of it) is this...<br/><br/>Indiana Jones 4 might have been the most god-awful of the Indy films, but it was still ten times better than the other crap that came out that summer.<br/><br/>Same with this book. There is a formula to his books, a template, if you will... and you know what? That's why I picked the damn thing up! I knew a Dan Brown book would have the following:<br/><br/>1. Robert Langston's inability to turn off "professor mode" and drown everyone around him in random trivia/facts.<br/>2. A female sidekick who did some sort of scientific/globally prolific work.<br/>3. A antagonist who did weird junk to himself and to others.<br/>4. Secret societies, symbols, codes and sweet artifacts.<br/>5. Robert &amp; Co. would be on the run from an organization out to stop him.<br/><br/>I LIKE those kinds of stories! Now, I agree with other reviews on here that it was by far the least exciting of the three "Langston" books, but (just like Indy 4) it's still TONS better than any and all of the teen vampire romance books which are now being given ENTIRE shelves at your neighborhood Barnes &amp; Noble. Thanks Stephanie Meyer for showing us that you can still exploit the low standards of middle school girls and really not have to write a good book to start a "literary trend". Wait, what did I just say? I blacked out...<br/><br/>Uh, yep! Three stars for this one!
 I am half way through the book and so far I am disapointed. First it is the Da Vince code with some modifications. Professor meets up with Girl being chased by insane man while searching for evidence of secret Pyramid made by the Freemasons, Hero does not believe in the secret (of course even though he found Christs Daughter in his last adventure, saved a PoPe in an adventure before that, but is still skeptical about a secret mason Pyramid) Our hero is a bit out of character in this thriller. Brown is into a formula I fear... sigh. So keep your expectations about this being another Da Vince code down, way down. Otherwise you will not be happy. OH and I got my copy from the Library. If I would have paid for it, I would have been jumping MAD. But since I got it at no cost, I am ok with it so far. I will keep reading and update at the end of the book
 I've never written a book review on amazon.com, so for me to take the time to do so tells how badly I hated the ending. A good portion of the book was very entertaining, although tedious for all the reasons reviewers have mentioned. I was still enjoying it when I got within about 10 pages of the end. When I got there, however, if it hadn't been a library book I would have torn it to shreds and thrown it around the room, or maybe put the tattered pieces in my cats' litter box. The build up to this great revelation, so mind-blowing that the CIA was involved to protect all the mere mortals from knowing it and changing the universe as we know it . . . well, all I can say is it was ludicrous and dishonest. Does Mr. Brown, his publisher, his editor, etc., have so little respect for readers that they thought the ending was a pay-off to all that build up? They can't be that stupid. They should all donate the money they earned to a charity.
 I was expecting a roller-coaster ride of a thriller. I was ready for my mind to expand, my pulse to race... All that. So with such high expectations, I dove in. And was sorely disappointed.<br/><br/>The book itself is standard Dan Brown fare - lots of historical details, intrigue, and of course, fiction. But the overall feel was that of an author producing a work because he had already spent the advance. Not inspired. Not groundbreaking. Not interesting. If anyone else had written this, I would have stopped reading it at several points in the book. I so hoped it would get better. Nope. It went the other way.<br/><br/>The whole thing was so formulaic, you could drop the book and lose your place, pick it up, find a passage that sounded like what you had just been reading, and you would actually be three chapters ahead (or just as easily, behind), and find yourself at a loss because the sequence template is reused so often. Someone is always asking:  "have you heard the legend that X is Y?" And the other guy says "yes, but I always thought that was BS." And so on.  I so hoped someone would finally say, "yeah, actually, it is BS..."<br/><br/>So I would be reading, thinking how bad the story was, and and I would think, "it can't get worse," and it would - so much worse, in fact that I wished I could return it. But you can't return it, so I would try to re-engage as Mr. Brown would be building up this huge dramatic bit about the hero being taken to a mysterious place, but he didn't now where he was being taken, and there was this huge buildup of tension prior to the reveal, but the problem is I KNEW WHERE HE WAS. It just isn't that well crafted.<br/><br/>There are a lot of GREAT books available on Amazon. This is not one of them.
 Title: The Lost Symbol<br/>Author: Dan Brown<br/>Reviewer: Rebecca Lynch<br/>Overall Rating: 4.9<br/><br/>With his usual flair for the mysterious,  Dan Brown takes us yet again into the tumultuous life of Harvard professor Robert Langdon. This time around, however, Brown keeps us on American soil as Langdon traverses the Masonic secrets and symbols hidden in plain sight across our nation's capitol. Throughout his adventure in D.C., Langdon, assisted by a variety of secondary characters, races the clock on the orders of a madman in a desperate attempt to save the life of his mentor, Peter Solomon. Langdon's journey is riddled with everything from esoteric wisdom to brutality, from betrayal to the relentless interference of a no nonsense CIA agent.<br/><br/>Brown, as always, has created a cast of highly developed characters. They live, breathe, love and suffer, and the reader is right there with them every step of the way. Brown gives us the benefit of insight via multiple viewpoints, memories and thought processes of several of these characters. He effectively manipulates each character on the journey for answers, intermingling even the smallest detail of their experiences into an elegant and highly refined plot.<br/><br/>Add in the extensive research Brown injects, the anxious and tense atmosphere he creates, intense detailing, and his ability to consistently relate the reader to the characters, and The Lost Symbol becomes, in a sum that is more than its parts, one strong and compelling read. As is typical for me when reading Brown, I found myself intensely engaged. Like all of the Robert Langdon novels, this book made it easy for me to lose myself in and difficult to put down. Conflict resolution is a mastered art for Brown, as he forces the reader to strive for answers just as much as Langdon and his allies must strive. I give this book a 4.9 out of 5. The sole variable preventing me from granting a flawless rating is that Brown's writing can be repetitive in the details, which may prevent some readers from feeling as committed to the story as I am.<br/><br/>Rating Breakdown<br/>Plot: 5<br/>Setting: 5<br/>Character Development: 5<br/>Style: 4.5<br/>Originality: 5
 Dan Brown is a very astute author. He takes a subject that we are all familiar with and created a masterful story. I would recommend this book for anyone with curiosity about religious beliefs. Very masterful. I agree with him that all religions have a common belief - if only they would follow them.
 I read "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" early this year and couldn't wait to read "The Lost Symbol". The first two books in the Robert Langdon series were brilliant. "The Da Vinci Code" was a masterpiece.<br/><br/>However, when I finally got my hands on a copy of "The Lost Symbol", I was a little disappointed. It was a huge step down from "The Da Vinci Code". There weren't a lot of exciting, thrilling parts in the book. It seems as if Dan Brown was, more or less, "playing it safe" with this novel.<br/><br/>All in all, it's a good read. Not great, but good. I try not to be too disappointed, because it would have been hard for anyone to write a sequal to "The Da Vinci Code" and it be as good or better.
 I just finished The Lost Symbol and I have to say, after reading some of these scathing reviews, I don't get all the criticism.<br/><br/>My first thought after finishing the last page was, "What great fun!" That's what it was to me. A great, fun read, filled with some absolutely fascinating information that I didn't take entirely seriously, but enjoyed nevertheless. DC is one of my favorite cities and I was fascinated by the minutiae accompanying  the descriptions of the buildings, history, paintings, rituals, etc. Sometimes I'd run to the computer in mid-chapter just to look up something (the reading room at the Library of Congress, the Apotheosis) so I got an education on top of a good time. That's how I look at it, anyway.<br/><br/>I always view Dan Brown's work as a mix of fantasy and reality, with characters being able to do things that real people couldn't get away with (wouldn't all those car chases and helicopters draw the attention of law enforcement and/or media in one of the most watched cities in the world? How could Katherine survive being almost bled to death and still be climbing catwalks? things like that) BUT... that's what makes it so FUN. I don't question Indiana Jones being dragged underneath a truck and still being chipper enough to save the day. It's FANTASY.<br/><br/>Wordsworth said "we murder to dissect." The more you analyze this book the more you kill it. Just relax and enjoy it. I think it more than fulfilled its goal of entertainment so it did everything I expected it to. I didn't want it to end.  In fact, I'm going to read it all over again - now that I know the ending - and I bet I love it even more.
 An author can get away with a limping writing style if he can back it up with good pacing and a strong story, but Brown offered neither in this book.<br/><br/>A substantial portion of the story is told in flashbacks, most of which are inserted into the middle of current action, effectively killing all forward motion and suspense.  I have never seen so many flashbacks in so few pages.  All current action was bookended by flashbacks, causing me to see clearly why flashbacks are avoided as much as possible by more savvy writers. Critical suspense scenes, death scenes and violent struggles are not the place for a character to take a two page trip down memory lane and review some old conversation they had with so-and-so that might or might not have some tangential relevance to their crisis of the moment.<br/><br/>As another suspense killer, characters were prone to wander off into plodding intellectual discussions about the more esoteric meanings of some whatchamacallit or other--without seeming to have any sense of the urgency they were supposed to be feeling.  Some revelations were necessary, but I kept expecting them to sit down and have themselves a cup of tea while they pondered the mysteries of the universe, regardless of the axe poised over their heads by the plot. I got the impression that Brown got so excited about the subject he'd introduced that he lost all track of his own plot.<br/><br/>To further stymie forward motion in the plot, Brown recaps at the beginning of nearly every chapter, like a television series that replays events from the past episode before beginning the current episode.  This was especially annoying because the chapters were so short that it created an ongoing sensation of taking two steps forward and one step back.  Either this was filler or Brown thought most of his readers would be putting the book down for a week between chapters.  Maybe they do...  it certainly drags enough to encourage that.<br/><br/>As for Langdon...  He sounds like a stuck record.  Brown doesn't seem to think that he can stress it strongly enough that Robert Langdon absolutely, positively and and even downright categorically refuses to buy into any mystical mumbo-jumbo.  The redundancy is so extreme that Langdon becomes nothing more than the voice of the skeptical masses so that Brown can spout off with his rebuttal in the form of more enlightened characters.  Langdon becomes more plot device than hero.<br/><br/>The net impression this book left me with was that its primary purpose was to provide an excuse for Brown to pontificate about his beliefs and preen.  It was not a worthy read.
 The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown.<br/><br/>This is not on the same level or even close to it as The Da Vinci Code. It barely held my interest for a while in the hope that it would suddenly take off and I'd be whisked away into a spell binding story. That never happened as this story never happened as far as a good mystery is concerned.<br/><br/>Barely a 3 star, more like a low 2 1/2 stars.
 I now live in Taipei and I have a decent 45 minute commute each direction.  One train, no changes.  Been reading everything I can get my hands on over here.  Having enjoyed all of his books I picked this one up.  Yes, despite the setting, it is essentially like Angels &amp; Demons and DaVinci Code with a similar pace and surprises, but what I liked about it is that he is still able to take a direction of science (real or hypathetical) and just go with it.  He doesn't just get on his soapbox and scream at what he knows; he turns the possibilities of science into an enjoyable read.  (Science is open for anyone to prove challenge any idea.  The basis of science.)  And reading should be fun.  I really, really liked this book.  I am going to go back and re-read the Divinci Code.
 Having been a fan of both The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, I went into reading this book expecting a lot.  I think that's why I wasn't completely satisfied with this book.  It was a good read and while reading it I could picture exactly what Langdon was writing.  I found myself not wanting to put it down at times because of the excitement he was building in the story.  There were even some great surprises.  My disappointment came with the ending.  I don't want to give away anything for those that may not have read it but I thought Langdon did not do a good job in wrapping up the story.  There seemed to be a few too many loose ends.<br/><br/>Overall, I would recommend reading The Lost Symbol but personally I would not go into it expecting another Da Vinci Code.
 I enjoyed the book, took me a day to read it but honestly I did skip a few pages as they added nothing to the plot or the characters.  I did think Dan Brown was writing a screen play and I went along with him and pictured Tom Hanks walking through the story and that helped. I found myself also thinking of Nicholas Cage in National Treasure as I was reading it as well.  (sorry)  I did not understand Noetic Science but that was explained ad nauseum by the end of the book.<br/><br/>But it is a good read though not worth the hardback price, I will wait for paperback version of any new book.<br/><br/>Overall I enjoyed the book simply because it was an interesting concept......
 As always, kept me on the edge of my seat. Love all the plot twists and turns, and thank goodness Robert Langdon survived. I was heartbroken to think he had died in this novel.
 Well, here we are, six years since Robert Langdon finally supplanted Harry Potter as America's favorite fantasy hero. And now, after the "National Treasure" series aped the symbol-lore-thriller gimmick Dan Brown introduced to a generation of gullible readers, Brown returns the favor with "The Lost Symbol."<br/><br/>It's hard to begin to say how truly derivative this latest Brown potboiler-with-pretension really is. Let's start by recapping the Dan Brown formula, which permeates all his books:<br/><br/>1. A seemingly naive protagonist who is the best at what he/she does but finds himself/herself thrown into events beyond his/her control.<br/>2. A paternalistic figure--sometimes, literally, a father, but often an older mentor of some kind--who becomes the central go-to helper for the protagonist but often turns out to be a villain<br/>3. In the case of the Langon books, a troubled female character with a genius intellect and major real or surrogate father issues<br/>4. Powerful authority figures who try to thwart the protagonists' objectives, but, in spite of having the entire resources of a city/country at their fingertips, always seem to be fooled by the protanogists' simple deceptions<br/>5. Peripheral characters, most often unattractive technology geeks, that provide technical support and little else to advance the narrative<br/><br/>To the basic formula, add the special cliches of the Langdon novels:<br/><br/>1. A mysterious call from a Langdon associate/admirer that drags him into a murder scene<br/>2. A set of symbols that begins an long and drawn out chase of other symbols<br/>3. Long-winded exposition of religious/metaphorical/new age themes<br/>4. Assistance from powerful mentors who guard the so-called "secrets" that the chain of events threaten to reveal<br/>5. A psychotic young male character with superhuman strength and pretensions, usually motivated by religious fervor<br/>6. Pursuit by inept authority figures who have a personal connection to the central theme<br/>7. The pairing of Langdon with the father-figure-seeking, female lead with genius intellect and a history of family dysfunctionality<br/>8. Some kind of central device in which are encoded The Answers<br/>9. Life threatening situations with deus ex machina interventions<br/><br/>Now, there's nothing necessarily wrong with repetitive potboilers that recycle the same plot elements. Janet Evanovich has played her same bag of tricks over and over and gets away with it because she understands that the Stephanie Plum novels are little more than comic books with words instead of pictures. Brown, on the other hand, seems to believe that throwing in page after page of ancient history and lore, religious philosophy and ritualistic arcana somehow elevates his trash to something resembling literature. Certainly his publishers buy into this with their "illustrated" versions of his novels.<br/><br/>One could forgive Brown's pretensions if "The Lost Symbol" wasn't so darned boring. The central theme--the mysteries of the Freemasons--isn't compelling, unless you find the history of secret society rituals among the rich and powerful interesting. The central "crazy killer" is little more than Hannibel Lecter with delusions of godhood. The seemingly villainous authority figures are so inept that one wonders why America has any national security at all. Tne endless travel book-level expositional passages that introduce the narrative set pieces seem more designed for Expedia that for a narrative.<br/><br/>Worst of all, Brown's ideas are bankrupt. "The Da Vinci Code" was compelling because it combined a balance of potboiler conventions with an interesting alternative history of Christianity that was believable on the surface until Brown's 'factual evidence' was proven to be based on fraudulent sources. In that book, the relevation of the alternative history could have changed Christianity forever.<br/><br/>In "The Lost Symbol" the stakes of revelation are self-serving, rather than earth-shattering. And his clumsy attempts to legitimize the new-age snake oil sophistry of noetic "science" by equating it with the Freemason practices and philosophy are laughable and embarrassing--particularly when he devotes the last 20 pages of the book to a glorified undergraduate term paper on the subject.<br/><br/>What's too bad is not that Brown will make additional millions from this trash--hey, he's got to feed his family, too--but that "The Lost Symbol" will ultimately greater publicity for and interest in noetics rather than Freemasonry. After all, progressing in the latter requires a commitment to self-improvement through education and community service. The former is based on the same gullibility that drives belief in spoon-bending and ESP. In a nation where more people believe in UFOs than evolution, the writing on the wall needs no Langdon for interpretation.
 Well, this one will not put you to sleep, that's for sure, but it may become a bit predictable. I have read all the Dan Brown's books, and enjoyed the seldom-mentioned "Deception Point" and "Digital Fortress" very much. The Robert Langdon books have been enjoyable too, so far, in a fast-paced mystery kind of way. However, now that I am done with another less-then-24-hours chase around a major world capital, I am beginning to see some patterns emerge. Every book contains stunning revelations which end up being very simple truths that leave the readers a bit let-down after the massive build-up. Every book has crazy chases with a friendly, attractive woman who is smart and is a good partner for Langdon but nothing ever comes of it. Every book has a very streamlined chase only to be completely derailed at the end by the before-mentioned stunning revelation about the simple solution.<br/>It's a fun book to listen to, definitely raises some questions, and makes me wonder just how Dan Brown knows all these facts about the masons, D.C. buildings and other secret places. But I would probably get this one from the library if I were you.
 It's not often that I get to the end of a book and think, "Really?  Why didn't I just give up somewhere around the middle part knowing, with disappointing accuracy, how the next half of the book will unfold?"<br/><br/>I think I would like Dan Brown personally, if I were talking to him and not reading one of his books.  He poses the occasional thought-provoking question, something insightful enough to distract you from the plod of the plot, diverting enough to get you through several more pages before the powerful suck of formulaic writing creates that now familiar sedative effect that I think I can predictably count on for any future creations about, what really should be, extremely engaging reading.<br/><br/>The issue as I see it:  the redeeming value of Mr. Brown's "The Lost Symbol" (and "Da Vinci Code") is that he pulls incredible factoids out of history, links them somehow to other amazing factoids, and creates a compelling thesis that makes you sit and think and want to know more about whatever historical object you thought you understood...truly interesting stuff.  I give him major kudos for making me go "hmmmm"; however, he really gets into trouble when adding a story that's used to present this interesting information to the reader.  Suddenly it's only mildly interesting, because you have to wade and struggle through dreck before you're surprised by one of these fabulous observations, and then you're back into the drudgery and waning interest before another bit of trivia startles you awake.<br/><br/>I really wanted to like this book and I suspect that's why I kept reading until the end.  Ultimately though, I would have preferred a 30-page PowerPoint with all of the interesting bits in bullet points and several hours of my life returned back to me.
 Brown is not the best writer. He has a history of falling short in character depth and plot details. I didn't buy this book though expecting a masterpiece. I bought The Lost Symbol because I expected the classic "Brown"; a good story based around an interesting topic with a twist.<br/><br/>Brown delivers the classic "Brown" but didn't do a good job.<br/><br/>Before you buy this you need to understand that it is very similar to The Da Vinci Code except worse in every way. So if you have read the DVC you should expect a plot based on an interesting topic with a suspense driven story.<br/><br/>Now where it falls short of The Da Vinci Code,...<br/><br/>The subplots in this book are very poorly done. Brown spends a good deal of time trying to invest you into the characters but falls short. The story of the main characters does not make you care about them. The story of the antagonist doesn't make you understand their motives. So you will not finish the book to find out what happens to them.<br/><br/>You will only want to finish the book to find out what "The Lost Symbol" is. Sad to say too, you will be disappointed. The ending in this book makes me assume that Brown, instead of making the pieces fit the puzzle perfectly, just added an ending to end it. The questions were answered at the end of The Da Vinci Code, the questions were not answered in this book.<br/><br/>As this is just a review you should take what I say with a grain of salt.<br/><br/>Now if I was to rate this book and use The Da Vinci Code as a 10, saying it is a 4 would be generous.<br/><br/>TL;DR<br/><br/>Do not buy this book expecting other Brown works. The only reason I would buy this book would be to finish the Robert Langdon collection. Even a Masons enthusiast would not get their interest quenched with this one.
 I believe that Dan Brown referred to the US Capitol Architect as that "dapper African American" or some such thing about ten times - or at least it seemed that way.  Physical descriptions of characters are important to build an image of the book in the readers' minds.  Ethnic identities of characters may be relevant to the plot and theme of a book, fine.<br/>But once we knew that he was an African American - it just seemed like really lazy, bad and cloying writing style to refer to the same character over-and-over-and-over again as being a "well dressed African American", "stylish African American", "dapper African American" - and whatever else kind of African American he was described as.<br/><br/>If I remember correctly, Professor Langdon's race was never mentioned - and certainly wasn't repeated every time he appeared in the book.<br/><br/>I enjoy the bits of history and philosophic/scientific mumbo jumbo that Dan Brown threads through all of his books - this one included.  But in his other books, he seems to have some hook that ties those elements into the plot or theme of the book - in addition to the fast-paced and adventurous plots.<br/><br/>This book was not fast-paced, not too adventurous, not very surprising (nearly every big plot turn was pretty obvious from about two or three chapters before it was revealed.<br/><br/>I generally enjoy Langdon's character - usually very smart.  In this book Professor Langdon was about as dumb as a stump.<br/><br/>Other than all of those bad things - I guess the book was entertaining.  It was worth the $1.00 I spent on it at the library's used book store.
 It feels like Dan Brown had the germ of a good idea, found himself under a deadline, and this book is the sad result. I don't ask for realism, but I do ask for believability. Firstly, the dialog was stilted and far too much resembled exposition. Secondly, there are two main plot points that are used as revelatory moments that just don't work for me: Mal'akh's identity and the threat to national security. Anyone who is surprised by the first has obviously never read a book or seen a movie, and by the time it was revealed to the characters, I had gotten so irritated by Brown's self-deluded cleverness, I was just annoyed by it all. And the risk to national security? Why exactly does Sato not tell them the truth from the beginning so they don't spend the entire novel working at cross-purposes? Because that would eliminate an entire storyline from the novel! Of course, it would make our security services look not quite so stupid either. (Side note: anyone else annoyed at the CIA operating domestically? How about DHS, NSA, FBI? Anyone except CIA?)
 This is one of the worst books I ever read. The so called scientist (particle physicist to be particular) Katherine Solomon is the most annoying character in this book, and so are Peter Solomon and Robert Langdon. The IQ of Katherine Solomon is close to 70 in the book, and behaved as emotional as a school girl. The Noetic science is a joke, and the strange setting of her lab in Pod 5 seem totally unrelated to her amazing discovery that not only humans have souls, but the souls have mass. This is because the experiment with which she weighted her  college professor before and after his assisted suicide was clearly conducted in a hospital. Details apart, Katherine clearly do not understand the method of scientific research, that hard experimental evidence is the only way to prove or falsify an idea. Peter suggested that many important ideas in physics existed in ancient books so the ancients must know. This is false. The way of nature is limited, and the human ideas can be unlimited, as long as you search hard enough, someone must said in the past something that closely resembles the truth, but that mean nothing. Katherine apparently lost the debate in the book because she clearly could not think like a scientist that Dan Brown assumed she was. The multiple reference to Isaac Newton as a proof that he got his knowledge from the study of alchemy is simply ridiculous, and an insult to scientists.<br/><br/>Like Dan Brown's other books, the scheme is somewhat grandiose but what turn pages are the little tricks and puzzles the reader suppose to solve as he reads. This one is very bad because the puzzles were not presented in a clear enough way, and the solution of them was never elegant and just trivial. There are some places one can find cleverness, but that does not worth the large book one has to read.<br/><br/>Other problems of the book include rather unbelievable story about how the exposure of the ritual of masons can be a national security crisis. The behavior of the CIA director also sounds weird. Finally the story about Peters' son Zachary is totally predictable from the beginning of the book, but still sounds extreme.
 A lot of the story was predictable and i didn't really enjoy it - there were obvious jumps and errors in the storyline too - unless i missed the Katherine stopping at a shoe store, she just ran around downtown dc for 12 hours barefoot/in stockings while being chased by a madman, who's secret identity is very obvious.<br/>Maybe i am just bored with the adventure writing but having Langdon go into long, unnecessary lectures on the meaning of this or that symbol in a conversation and to act purely as a plot device seems rather boorish.<br/><br/>Definitely done with the Langdon series and quite possibly Dan Brown as well.
 The best thing Dan Brown has done for the world of literature is to spawn a legion of authors following in his footsteps of intelligent, historical/end-of-the world fiction tales.  Unfortunately, for Brown, several of these authors (Steve Berry, James Rollins, Lynn Sholes &amp; Joe Moore, Brad Thor, etc.) have FAR surpassed him in creating engaging, page-turning fiction within this genre.<br/><br/>Brown's first three novels were brilliant - "Digital Fortress", "Deception Point" and "Angels &amp; Demons" - he was on pace to becoming the new Michael Crichton (the ability to write intelligent fiction that required constant use of an Encyclopedia to truly enjoy the reading experience).  Regretably, his last novel - "The DaVinci Code" was so dumbed-down for mass consumption that you had to second-guess the identity of the author.  The novel ONLY received hype and ridiculous sales success due to the controversial subject matter.  Let's face it, the Christian world does not stand for anyone threatening their story of Jesus.<br/><br/>Global best-selling powerhouses like King and Rushdie dismissed Brown's "DaVinci Code" as being both trite and trash.  I thought that was a bit harsh and, like millions of other readers, looked forward to his next work.  Is "The Lost Symbol" worth the wait?  In a simple word - NO!  Robert Langdon is at it again - this time, racing through the catacombs of the Capitol Building and other Washington D.C. landmarks in an effort to figure out the symbolic secrets hidden within the Masonic Temple.  When Landgon's best friend, Peter Solomon, is captured and has his hand cut off by a full-body tatooed lunatic known only as Mal'akh, he is on a race against time to decipher the symbolic code for the 'baddie' in order to save his friend's life.<br/><br/>What follows, for over 500+ pages, is mind-numbingly boring and not at all exciting.  In fact, Brown is reduced to the James Patterson idiotic technique of ultra-short chapters (some no more than a paragraph long) with each one ending in a pseudo-cliffhanger.  I had to keep checking the jacket photo to ensure that this was, indeed, a Dan Brown novel and not written by Team Patterson.  The mysteries of the Masons are, quite frankly, not very interesting and ground that has been covered by Nicolas Cage in the horrible "National Treasure" films.  You would have more excitement reading the back of a U.S. Dollar Bill!  The only highlight in the book is when the actual identity of Mal'akh is revealed (however outlandish and unrealistic it is).  The book ends with so much religious &amp; new age mumbo-jumbo I felt preached to rather than walking away enlightened.<br/><br/>The only thing lost with "The Lost Symbol" is the $30 I paid for the book and the nights of tiresome reading I subjected myself to in finishing this dreck!
 Plenty of reviews already so I'll keep mine short. If this book's author wasn't "Dan Brown" and it had nothing to do with "The DaVinci Code" or "Angels &amp; Demons," this book probably wouldn't be a bestseller. Dan Brown's bag of tricks got worn out quickly. Anyone who read DaVinci could tell this story was using the same mechanics. The plot didn't have that many twists, and there was no last-second double-crossing or revelation of a snitch. The climax was entirely anticipated if you ever read a mystery/suspense novel. If you loved 'Angels' and 'DaVinci,' curiosity alone will compel you to read this. If you never read any of Dan Brown's stuff, this book won't be a good first impression.
 I rather enjoyed Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons, but this book is a pale shadow of those two. It’s as if Brown recycled his ideas and characters for this one. I, like other readers, became tired of the endless discussions of human potential and of spiritual secrets preserved through the ages. Brown’s characters, at bottom, are little more than stick figures.  The concept of a complex character is quite foreign to him. All this would be forgivable in a book with real suspense, but I didn’t find that here either.
 I started this latest of Dan Brown's potboilers a few nights ago, but managed to get through only 30 or 40 pages of his poorly constructed work before snapping off my reader. Having read two of Brown's earlier novels, it was obvious that the author has chosen not to heed his critics and seek a more thorough editor. That is an unfortunate choice, as most of Brown's problems are to do with technique than substance, and as a result all of those old problems are still present in the newest effort.<br/><br/>It's often said that the best writers are those that break the rules, but it appears that Dan Brown has mistaken that to mean that authors are great BECAUSE they broke the rules. This misapprehension in mind, Brown has set out to break the most important rule in writing--"show, don't tell"--as flagrantly, and as often, as possible. In place of vivid description, Brown awkwardly inserts numbers, brand names and statistics. Character background is misused in the same way one might misuse pepper at the table: instead of sprinkling a bit in each course, all the pepper is dumped on the appetizer, and the flavor is expected to carry throughout the meal. When Brown introduces a character, he will immediately divulge everything from jobs and motivations and religious affiliations to family trees and sexual histories. One is left to wonder, which bits, if any, is one expected to remember?<br/><br/>The past offenses are not enough, however. Brown is not one to rest on his laurels. He has managed to find one way to make his text even more irksome, and that's through pomposity. In an early scene, the protagonist Robert Langdon flashes back to a lecture he once gave on occult symbols. Despite the fact that the audience is comprised wholly of Harvard students, Langdon has to lead them by the nose through each leap of logic, patting himself on the back each time. The passage borders on the masturbatory, especially when one considers that Brown, by proxy of Langdon, paints these Harvard students as rubish, uncultured and slow.<br/><br/>At this point, a reviewer generally wraps up by plainly stating his view of the product in question and closes with a recommendation to the shopper. However, having said so much already, I don't believe it's necessary to clear up my feelings about this book. Read it if you want something to talk with a dim aunt about, but it's not worth much else.
 Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon, protagonist of both "Angels and Demons" and "The DaVinci Code," arrives in Washington, DC to fill in at the last minute for a lecturer who can't make a presentation arranged by Langdon's old friend and mentor, Peter Solomon. For this man Langdon would do anything - and the mysterious person who actually wants him in Washington on this night knows it, and has used Peter Solomon's name to get Langdon there. There is no lecture.<br/><br/>Thus begins a roller coaster ride of a thriller, the best of Brown's work that I have read to date (and as far as I can tell I've read all of his books). High literature this isn't, but a good read it is; and mind candy is all I expect when I pick up a Dan Brown novel. I do have one problem with this one, though, despite enjoying it so thoroughly. The final chapters left me feeling I'd been listening to an earnestly delivered sermon. Which, after reading the book as speculative fiction - which means accepting its premise with suspended disbelief - came as an uncomfortable jolt.<br/><br/>--Reviewed by Nina M. Osier, author of 2005 science fiction EPPIE winner "Regs"
 Even though "the sequel" took some time before reaching the shelves, it seems that it has been written in a rush. The book is "inflated" with unnecessary passages that seem lifted straight out of history textbooks, etc. A lot of repetitive elements too: I agree that solving puzzles in between action scenes was the main appeal of The ... Code, but come on, do you really need to put "It suddenly became crystal clear..." every 20 pages or so before having the main characters chased again?! It is also hard to believe that the good professor and co. solve some of the oldest riddles in human history at the speed of 5-6 minutes/puzzle only to fall into the next lame trap that anyone with a grain of common sense would have avoided even while multitasking.<br/><br/>I will speak for myself (even though a lot critics seem to agree): I have never considered D. Brown a good writer when it comes to his language usage, etc. but he always seemed to deliver a story so good that the unpolished writing style hardly ever mattered. Not this time: the rush to complete the book is so apparent that at times it is insulting.<br/><br/>In all truth, I suspect that it might not even be his (DB) or his editor's fault: we all know that these days books like this one are "blockbusters" and they are created primarily to generate revenue. This book should be read in this context or it will disappoint. When it is all said and done, I bought it myself, so who is the fool here?<br/><br/>Nevertheless, I find a book that tries to spark interest in visiting your own capital before heading off to Cancun or Paris first, reading the Bible through "modern" eyes, or entertaining the notion that science and religion both deal with the same subject from different perspectives a lot more enjoyable that most of the garbage that you find on bookstore (or electronic) shelves these days.<br/><br/>Read it and enjoy it, but keep in mind that by doing so you are making your contribution to converting writing/literature into the next "special effects and no plot" money-generating industry. It's a little sad.
 *Spoilers Alert*<br/><br/>After months and months of surmise on what will our Robert Langdon will decode this time, we are finally here. So for the people who weigh that it will be about the Temple, Atlantis, Bermuda Triangle or something about a religious sect, -wrong. This time Brown decided - Freemasons. I've watched too many Discovery and History channel for this one yet reading about them and the "supposedly" initiation and practices did not surprise me but reading it on Dan brown's novel is diverse.<br/><br/>The usual tenor are still there. Langdon gets summoned to go somewhere that, well hello - he has to solve a mystery and since he is professor or symbology and all that he got into the middle of it. The profligate is someone who have grotesque looks. This time his name is Mal'akh, dude was covered in tattoos from acientt symbols/signs, pillars to a double headed phoenix on his chest, etc. he is probably the most bizarre and insane villain out of all Langdon books. And let's not forget soemthing gruesome to start off. This time its a hand. Severed hand skewered on a wood to be exact with tattoos of the Ancient Mysteries with the index finger pointing upward. (I hope you are not eating while reading this) Lastly,  historical facts and fictions were amalgamated, and of course something that people can look up at the world wide web. I for one is a victim of this, took me awhile to finish the book because I have to find out what and where is 1733 16th St. NW and 4210 Silver Hill Rd. Grinning like an idiot,. I found out that the 1st one is The Scottish Masons - Supreme Council 33 degree and the 2nd one is the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural history. I also admit to calling the phone number 202-329-5746 out of curiosity. Brown must have put that there for some reason right? and I interpret it as "you must find out what this is". You may also find yourself researching about Noetic Science, OS, the Invisible College, SMSC and more.<br/><br/>I admit, I got lost on some parts, so I have to pause and digest what I just read. The theme / plot ruminate around this Ancient Mysteries and Katherine's research and goal in life - the use of advance science to rediscover what the lost knowledge the ancient world had unveiled about our universe. I wouldn't even bash about the flaws, I'd let the professional book critic do that. As a fan of Brown's - I'd say this book is brilliant, suspenseful, informative, highly intriguing, it kind of gave me a new perspective on the eventful prediction that is supposed to happen on 2012 and it made me want to go back to D.C and examine the capitol a little to closely. In short it an enjoyable diversion from the real world. Highly recommended.
 I think some of the reviewers are too hard on Brown's novel, The Lost Symbol.  Brown has definitely caught on to the power of what people are reaidng in the more esoteric parts of book stores these days...positive thoughts, manifestation, power of thoughts etc.  I totally see the formulaic writing he uses however not everyone in the world wants to have to have a dictionary close by to understand the novel.  I am only part of the way through the novel and really enjoying the story.  When I get bored I skim a few paragraphs and it gets interesting again quickly.  I truly dislike some of the characters and dislike how some are portrayed.  This is how an author uses their craft to create a story that keeps people turning pages. The villain gives me the chills.  The "heroine" makes me proud that Brown can portray a woman as not only brilliantly smart but sexy as well.  I AM enjoying this novel as much as the Di Vinci Code.  I think it is a fun read.  I would tell my friends to enjoy.
 I bought this book despite the negative reviews here and I'm glad I did.Here are two reasons why reviewers were so tough on this one.<br/>---1.)<br/>It seemed obvious to me that the negative critics of this book<br/>would not have been satisfied unless Dan Browns next book<br/>described (in detail) how Jesus never really walked on water.<br/>Failing that of course,would mean that Brown had failed in this his latest attempt.<br/>---2.)There is also the aspect that,<br/>everyone gets their t*ts in an uproar when it comes to religion<br/>and everyone has an opinion on religion.The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons gave everyone a platform on which to vent.<br/>  Consequently the ability of this book to stand on it's own<br/>merit didn't have a chance.<br/>Jusy my opinion.<br/>P.S.since when does information(if it is interesting)that is not<br/>directly related to the plot mean that it can't be inserted just for it's informative worth?
 I'm surprised by all the negative review this book is getting.<br/><br/>If you've read The Da Vinci code and liked it you'd probably like this. The story is pretty much the same, just a few different names and such. Dan Brown is definitely consistent. The characters are simply to static to become too interesting. I have to say I was definitely more into The Da Vinci code.<br/><br/>To be fair, if you haven't read The Da Vinci code you'll probably love it, because you'll see it with fresh eyes. You could say the same thing about DVC for those who have read Angels &amp; Demons.<br/><br/>Overall it's an excellent story, but that's about it. Nothing totally revolutionary, though I really love the way he ends it. It's not overtly grandiose or surprising. It's a very serene ending that leaves you feeling peaceful rather than confused.
 The Lost Symbol is a huge disappointment.  Most people reading the book probably enjoyed The Da Vinci Code &amp; Angels &amp; Demons, and the let down here with this book is tremendous.  I am among the probably many readers who happened to love the DVC &amp; A&amp;D.  The books were exhilarating - it felt as if I were dashing through the many sites in Paris &amp; Rome with Robert Langdon, trying to decipher the mysteries.  The pacing of those books were perfect, almost breathless, &amp; both books made readers feel as if they were watching movies in their heads.<br/><br/>Which brings us to The Lost Symbol.  At first, it felt like the National Treasure movies with Nicholas Cage, but less interesting.  The pace was missing in the book; it had none of the thrilling components of the previous two books featuring Langdon.  As other reviewers noted, there were tiresome patterns in the book (revelation, disbelief, revelation, more disbelief).  Robert Langdon also seemed less of a mystery solver this time, &amp; more of a straight foil.  The symbols involved seemed overwrought.  The end, where it tries to tie up the loose ends, lost steam, especially since the plot involved Malakh was over.  It was hard to maintain the interest to last through the final pages of the book.<br/><br/>Not sure exactly what went wrong, but if I had to list the major shortcomings, they would be lack of pacing, Langdon's character being different from previous books, the symbols not being interesting enough, &amp; a sense that the book was trying to incorporate too much (Katherine's noetic science research had the potential to be interesting but did not figure prominently in the core of the book... so why was it even included or mentioned?).<br/><br/>Dan Brown can certainly do better.  Someone said that this book was too much of the same, as in formulaic Dan Brown, but I think this one jumps out as being different, as in lacking that special ingredient found in the previous books.
 I've given up trying to put up with this awful audio book.  The narrator gives one of the worst performances I have ever listened to.  I so very much wanted to enjoy this book on CD, but Dan Brown, as an author, fails miserably, in my humble opinion.  For example, imagine sentences along the lines of, "...and suddenly a dark stranger appeared..." - if I had handed that in to my grade 6 English Teacher, I'm sure I would have recieved a "C-" grade.  "Lost Symbol" is one big disappointment.  Try listening to a poor (male) narrator trying feebly to imitate a (female) throat cancer survivor's raspy voice - it's truly painful.  Do yourself a favor and give this one a big miss.
 I was pleasantly surprised by The Lost Symbol. In a my-blind-date-was-a-bit- plain-but-that's-good-because-I-was-expecting-Roseanne-Barr kind of way.<br/><br/>Other than that, not by any measure was this a remotely good book. From voices "as soft as falling snow" to "bewildered applause" to "rocketing" SUVs, we're once again assaulted with prose that is clumsy, amateurish, and anything but subtle. The only well-turned phrases in The Lost Symbol are those that are left spinning in their graves.<br/><br/>The plot, such as there was, was both contrived - what luck! all the principals are DC bigwigs; a century on all the clues are still hanging about literally within blocks of each other - and riddled with dei ex machina. Plot twists, when not completely nonsensical, are often (e.g., Mal'akh's true identity) telegraphed chapters earlier than Brown intended. And Brown continues to patronize, hand-holding his readership through even the most obvious points (e.g., the etymology of "sincere").<br/><br/>Character development is typically Brownian: either underdeveloped (Robert "Day Late, Dollar Short" Langdon); grotesquely over-the-top ("I'm such a work of art" Mal-akh'; Sato); or far too dependent on cliche - from night-goggle-wearing, laser-sighted-rifle-bearing, black-SUV-driving, spy-speak-spouting CIA agents (who, at one point needing to commandeer a civilian vehicle, manage to commandeer - wait for it - a black SUV!) to the star of the show: a secrecy-riddled, death-ritual-performing, cabalistic Masonic Order so far out in left field it was hard to keep from guffawing my way through the climax.<br/><br/>Bad acting abounded -- characters were continuously "stunned" or "reeling with shock" or "recoiling in horror" -- and the whole story felt like wading through a movie-of-the-week teleplay, with Dan Brown's (in)famous mini-cliffhangers all ending with "fade to commercial break".<br/><br/>Nearly every mystery Brown sets Langdon up to solve is nothing more than a cheap word game. Is the Lost Word literal or metaphorical? Brown spends half the book toying with his readers on that point. Langdon finally solves the riddle of "The Order Eight Franklin Square" when, in a brilliant burst of intellectual acumen, he realizes he's misplaced his comma. And - in an effort to prove that even  punnery isn't beneath him - Brown reveals that squares are not really squares, but that legends are indeed legends. Sort of. (Don't ask.)<br/><br/>Brown's facts, historical and otherwise, are as confused as they were in The DaVinci Code: Falcon 2000s don't have Pratt and Whitney engines; Alexander Graham Bell did not send the world's first "wireless" message; traceroutes don't do pings; Jefferson redacted the Bible not seeking hidden messages but simple to eliminate the miraculous; the Washington Monument is a) not the highest point in Washington, DC, b) was never legislated to be, and c) was completed nearly a generation later than Brown seems to think; Kalorama Heights (google it) lies south, not north, of the National Cathedral; the conveyor belt system in the Library of Congress has been out of commission for a decade or more; Isaac Newton was never a freemason; etc., etc.<br/><br/>And the preaching! This being a work of fiction, I normally wouldn't mention it. But I had to sit through entire chapters of neo-gnostic prattle so banal and confused it makes New-Ageisms like "the secret of the universe is one hand clapping" seem like theological profundities by comparison.<br/><br/>And, as noted by many other reviewers, the denoument was so convoluted I'm still not sure what secret the Masonic Order thought it was protecting. It couldn't have been the Ancient Mysteries themselves, as Brown asserts they're preserved throughout the corpus of history's great religious texts. Nor can it be either the Verbum Perdo or its location since, as it turns out, neither was the Verbum ever Perdo (nearly every American home has at least one copy), nor has it ever been a secret that there's a you-know-what buried you-know-where. In short, the biggest Secret of history turned out to be an unSecret. And that, had I been Peter Solomon ready to sacrifice my life and my family, would have left me seriously peeved at the Order.<br/><br/>Now, having said all that, I don't entirely blame Brown for its faults. Both it and The DaVinci Code (like the Harry Potter series) were clearly in need of a good editor. But alas, I understand editors are dinosaurs in the publishing industry, and a good many authors these days are seeing print without their essential services. Brown, apparently, is one (Rowling another).<br/><br/>So, because there was the germ of an interesting idea here that COULD have been salvaged, I give TLS two stars. And that's a shame.
 Let’s face it, Dan Brown is no Faulkner, but his books can be fun.  This one was a bit too sentimental and the plot is preposterous, but it had its fun moments.
 Dan Brown manages to spin an intriguing tale, sprinkled with copious downloads of techy info on the subject matter. And I loved it right up to the end. Nice twists and turns with the plot, and quite an inspiring ending. I enjoyed his other books too and like that he is addressing these topics, getting people out of their comfort zones with their religious / political / societal views and beliefs and expanding that box of understanding. What a fun read, to explore all about the origins of our nation's capital and read more about the Masonic underpinnings and other symbolic stuff that is imbedded in everything American. Nice ending too. Could have been preachy but wasn't - maybe because I agree with him :)<br/><br/>However, I know D.C. well, and some of his location descriptions as he was traveling seemed a bit off - as though he wasn't quite native to the area. So getting an editor who is intimately familiar with the locale would have helped in a few instances to provide that local color / phraseology.<br/><br/>All in all, I highly recommend this read. And give it 4 1/2 stars.
 Good read but too wordy at times....all talk, little action in many sections.  Essentially the same chase scenes over and over .  How many times can you look at the same monkey in the same cage and not think "no hum".
 When I started this book, I wasn't expecting quality like Michael Connelly or Dennis Lehane provide, but I was hoping for more than Brown gave us with this novel.  The twist was unbelievably transparent, and really should be picked up by anyone who read the book that was paying any type of attention.  The plot is a carbon copy of the previous Brown books (both Langdon and non-Langdon related), where a supporting character is brought in to a dire situation in order to have the main character (Langdon for this book) explain every detail that is happening in order to be able to communicate it to the readers, instead of writing it in such a way that the readers can figure it out themselves (or trusting that the readers are smart enough to do so).  Even if you can see beyond those issues, the plot is convoluted and the last act reminds me of "The Shack" by William Young, not something you want from a supposed action-oriented novel.<br/><br/>Overall, it was a huge disappointment.
 Get a large cauldron and put in some of Harris' Red Dragon, some of Koontz's cold blooded killers, some of Brown's Da Vinci Code, some American history text book, a dash of Redfield's The Celestine Prophecy, mix it with Patterson's short chapter writing style and sprinkle in some Washington DC tourist maps and you have The Lost Symbol.  I found the first 4/5ths of the book fairly interesting and felt that Brown had been successful in repeating what he did in The Da Vinci Code...but then I read the last 1/5th of the book.  Initially it's a roller-coaster ride similar to Da Vinci Code and, also like the Da Vinci Code, taking place all in one day.  There are clues that Langdon follows, dead-ends, misdirections, misreading of clues and the usual chase sequences.  Fortunately I was on a trans-atlantic trip, and it did help pass the time.  What started off as a page turner, ended up being a yawner leaving the reader with "Why did I bother taking this trip?"
 Dan Brown has given us an excellent book.  I learned more about symbols that I really wanted to, but inorder to get through the book and find the answers at the end of it you have to read through the symbols.<br/><br/>This is an outstanding book which is fascinating to the end.  Some books seem to quit on you before the end or the last few chapers are just add ons.  Not in this case. Is does get a little dry towards the end but that ismore than made up for by the interest formed in reading the book and following the plot.<br/><br/>Mystery readers will enjoy this book.<br/><br/>J. Robert Ewbank, author "John Wesley, Natural Man, and the 'Isms'"
 The Lost Symbol early-on worried me with its PhD heroine concluding that her break-through research has "proven without a doubt" that prayer and the mind-alone can cure diseases. For more on this futuristic technology read the 1875 book, Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures, by Mary Baker Eddy. Worse, after all the truly absurd escapades are finally resolved, Dan Brown sermonizes a lengthy diatribe about man-God-nature and vague musings on how the Bible is a misinterpreted lost symbol. On the plus side, Brown vigorously absolves Freemasonry from any wrongdoing, and acknowledges that all religions are essentially equal. Thanks, Dan.
 I've read all the Dan Brown books except for Inferno.  This one is probably the weaker one of the bunch.  Same formula for Robert Langdon, same fanatic crazy person, same thing over and over  The book probably had an extra 150 pages or so at the end that were not necessary for the story.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the book, but it was predictable at times and it was more drawn out than it needed to be.  I preferred his other books much more.
 I can recall when I'd buy a Dan Brown for its challenging, controversial and exciting content and because it was a guaranteed exciting read. I picked this book up as I'd just read something challenging and exciting and beautifully written, Ascension by Stephen Galloway; now I needed an easy, non-taxing, holiday read, something I could whizz through without much thought; this is what Dan Brown had become to me.<br/><br/>For those who have read the previous Robert Langdon episodes; 'Angels and Demons' and the cosmically successful 'The Da Vinci Code'; you would immediately recognise the 'symbolically' familiar format that is a Langdon adventure. We have the Indiana Jones of Symbology himself, Robert Langdon; the essential heroine, Katherine Solomon; the insane and fanatically driven bad guy; the mysterious, if at least not religious, organisation; The Freemasons; and a grizzly discovery, all brought together in the capitol of the U.S.A. Washington D.C.<br/><br/>All sounding too familiar? It was. However! This book did spark a new interest in me for a previously unknown area of scientific study - Noetics; there are many cool and interesting facts about the Masons; the father's of the new world and the strange D.C. architecture to amaze even the most sceptical mind; at one point I was convinced that Robert Langdon had, at last been terminated from modern literature permanently; and I was completely caught out by an unexpected but possibly obvious plot twist towards the end.<br/><br/>The End? Possibly the longest ending since Lord of The Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring. Brown dragged it out longer than Sean Bean's demise in that same film.<br/><br/>Come on Dan Brown! Forget Langdon and give us something as fabulous again as, in my opinion, your best book to date, Deception Point. Come on Ritchie Cunningham or whatever your name is - When's that film coming out?<br/><br/>Look! The Lost Symbol isn't awful, it's an OK throw-away vacation read full of interesting "facts" you can get in greater detail on the net or Discovery. Buy it, enjoy it, (I did) but don't expect it to Wow you as did the Da Vinci Code.
 Dan Brown's latest book has come out and sold a lot of copies and I went out and got mine. I read annoyingly fast, so I finished it in four or five hours total (I would love to know what reading level this is supposed to be, Harry Potters book 4-7 all took longer than this). It made me decide that I don't need to read any more Dan Brown books.<br/><br/>I loved Angels &amp; Demons, I thought it was a great story and had some great controversies that really made me think. I thought Da Vinci Code was okay. I thought Deception Point was somewhere in between the two Langdon books, and this one would go below that.<br/><br/>His books are incredibly formulaic. This one contains someone Langdon knows getting into trouble, him working with a woman to solve the mystery and save the other person, a security officer with authority that Langdon does not trust, and a bad guy who hurts himself and does it all for a higher power. Do any of those sound familiar? Also, his watch is referenced several times, he gets trapped or has to travel through many small spaces, and at one point, it looks like he is dead! There are even more similarities including God vs science, what religion is, and many more.<br/><br/>Please Dan Brown, think of something new! These books all seem to be the same!<br/><br/>I was looking forward to this book quite a lot for one reason - the setting. Washington DC is one of my favorite cities and I was looking forward to knowing a lot about the locations that were in the book (plus, Langdon traveling from Harvard to DC made a lot of sense). In that, I was not disappointed. I learned more about two famous DC landmarks and when they traveled on The Metro, I knew exactly where they were at all times.<br/><br/>I also am interested in Freemasons. I knew someone in college that was one 9only the 5th or 6th level) and while he couldn't tell us most things, what he told me about his beliefs was very interested, so I was excited that they would be a central part of this story. That also was not a disappointment. I did learn quite a bit about the beliefs.<br/><br/>Those two things could not save the book. Dan Brown just needs to write better (and his editors need do more). If a better writer had written this book, I would have enjoyed it a lot more. If you liked his first Langdon books, you may be disappointed because it is so similar, which really, in the end, was my main disappointment. I think Robert Langdon has a lot of potential as an interesting character to build a series on, but there needs to be more differences.<br/><br/>Don't necessarily take my word for it. Go form an opinion of your own!
 Robert Langdon is a good character and Dan Brown continues to  bring more very interesting facts about Catholicism to light for Catholics and non Catholics . Very interesting and almost believable. Tough to put down once started.
 I was very dissappointed with this book. I only trully appreciatred Angels and demons and The Da Vinci Code, both Deception Point and Digital Fortress, and now The Lost Symbol were let downs for me.<br/>I thought since Robert Langdon was back in this book it was worth reading it. I was wrong. Characters really lack development, the story is mainly boring and repetitive. I got to a point where I didn't even care if they killed the characters, Langdon included. What dissapointed me the most was the end, I guess I didn't understand the whole symbolism of it... and I didn't even bother reading the final pages again to try and find out. Im afraid at that point, I didn't care anymore.
 There are so many things wrong with this book, that it's easier to list what's right. Err... the book cover's pretty? Oh, and there were some interesting facts about freemasonry. That's about it, really. The characters are two-dimensional and most of the time prove themselves to be idiots, rather than scientists of high caliber (still can't get over the sms thing... it just so makes sense to believe that your missing brother suddenly learned how to send text messages and invited his very suspicious shrink to see a high security object).<br/>The dialogues keep repeating themselves every 15 pages or so. Annoying. And then there's this whole noetic "science" issue which kind of turns the book into sci-fi, since it's so unbelievable.<br/>The book ending... talk about anticlimatic. Good thing I rented the book instead of buying it. 2$ is exactly the right price for reading it.
 Contrary to some of the other reviews, I don't NOT like this book because of the writing style. Anyone's who has read Brown's work before this (which I have) should know how he writes. A lot of people also give Brown the benefit of the doubt because they say he couldn't have followed a book like The Da Vinci Code, which is true, but I don't think that's why this book fails. This book fails because it suffers from a really weak plot. With an even weaker villain. Many of the chapters felt more like padding to make the book thicker than what it really needed to be. It starts off strong with a lot of intrigue and mystery, but the mystery wears thin after a while and the big secret reveal at the end after being built up throughout the entire book really leaves a bad taste in your mouth. I really thought Noetic Science was going to play a larger role in this, but Brown simply mentions it and never touches it again. Which brings me to my next problem...what's with the "wink and nod" plot devices that are left open-ended with no resolution? Noetic Science. Mentioning signs that show our Founding Fathers were much more "spiritual" than we've been led to believe.<br/><br/>For instance, the mentioning of George Washington's painting. Brown should know by now that his fans WANT him to delve into things like Masonic lore and myth. Creating a weave of conspiracy and mystery. That's what many people thought they were getting from this book and why so many are disappointed with how "watered-down" or sanitized it seems to be. I'm not anti-Mason, but Brown is waaay too obvious in the apologetic role he takes of the organization in this book.<br/><br/>I also agree with reviewers who say Brown is already thinking ahead to the movie. Maybe that impacted what he wrote and how he wrote it. Dan Brown missed a golden opportunity with The Lost Symbol and could have taken us all over the original 13 American colonies if he wanted to (well not all of them lol) because there's definitely tons of history, both accepted and alternative, that he could have worked with to make a stronger book. Instead he stays in Washington DC and WORSE, ONE BUILDING in Washington DC for most of the book! Overall, a page-turner yes...but the book has some agitating qualities and redundancies mixed with a weak plot and weak characters that makes for a book that never had a chance in hell of living up to its own hype.
 I have to admit I am a big fan of Dan Brown and have read every one of his books to date. DaVinci Code is without doubt, his very best, however each of his books had me reading and not wanting to leave them down.<br/>My wife and I had to do a trip from CA to WA to be there for the birth of our new twin boys, and I knew I was going to have longish periods of free time, so I bought the Lost Symbol and took it with me. Boy, am I glad I did. I have to disagree with some of the other "analytical" reviews breaking the book up in to sections. Damn it, it is an entertaining fiction novel and I bought it for the sheer entertainment and enjoyment factor.I loved every chapter, short ones and long ones. I had myself Googling Washington DC to look at the city map to familiarize me with the places mentioned and get a feel for the story.<br/>I was at the edge of my seat with this book and each time I had to close it because we needed to be Grandparents, I was frustrated and couldn't wait to get back. I loved the plot and also the unbelievable twist towards the end (won't reveal it here), but it was a nice, but sad turn of events.Unexpected.<br/>As for the Noetic Science, although it was mentioned and explained, I was so curious, I wished Dan would have actually given us a hands on samping of this science. Perhaps this leaves the door open for the next book, to somehow bring this science in to the tale.<br/>If you enjoy a good gripping story with plenty of twists and turns, The Lost Symbol is highly recommended by me. Good reading.
 Very good read based on lots of facts as expected. Sometimes hard to follow the flood of detailed information so read it in as few standings as possible to really be rebooted.
 While I was drawn forward through most of the book and enjoyed the interwoven history lesson on DC, Brown seems to have taken leave of his senses by the end of this book.  I can forgive the convenient plot twists and the "miracle occurs" solutions, characteristic of his other books, but I can't forgive the descent into what I can only call a mind-crushingly trite and cop-out ending.  I was actually so angry as I neared the end that I could barely finish.  The final few chapters read like an amalgam of Timothy Leary and L. Ron Hubbard, with an overlay of smarmy patriotism that defies belief.  As others point it, the book reads more like a screenplay, but I'm hard pressed to believe that this ending is filmable.  I don't think I've read a worse ending in my entire life.
 Critics abound that dismiss any and all books that they perceive as "plot-driven" to be  undeserving as literature, and I fear many may likewise so dismiss Dan Brown's latest work - a gesture, alas, of shallow reasoning that would be both myopic and a disservice.  To use a phrase seminal in The Lost Symbol, such analysis would be `unworthy'.<br/><br/>One can read this book on its immediate thriller level and enjoy a fast-paced tale, filled with the latest techno tools; however the plot is not what it's all about...<br/><br/>Dan Brown loves connections and coincidents for the joy of enrichment and wonder they bring to his active mind and probing soul, and that joy and excitement blazes across the pages to torch his readers as well.  In The Lost Symbol Professor Robert Langdon is forced into solving an ancient Freemasonry mystery with nearly impossible deadlines to hopefully save the life of a close friend, and possibly many others.  Intertwined through the breathtaking action, Brown relates profound ideas - ideas he demonstrates as being there right along, hidden in the great religious writings across the ages - great and philosophical thoughts woven into the mesh of a chilling murder and extortion plot.  And along the way we learn amazing facts about our national capital.<br/><br/>If it takes a `plot' and a dash of mysticism to prod one's further thinking along spiritual and philosophical lines - then why not?<br/><br/>This is a well researched book, one ably thought out and amazingly constructed.  One truly rewarding to read.  Worthy on a number of levels -  And, yes, literature.
 The Lost Symbol is the now-familiar allegory of the intellectual elite carrying the heavy burdens of the obdurate masses in the face of government persecution.  In this incarnation, a Harvard professor totes a granite block all around Washington, DC, on behalf of some masons, while the government (CIA in this case) chases him around with helicopters and night vision goggles.  It's a timely and damning profile of the US economy in 2009, but it gets even better:  the heavy block has a soft bottom and a missing peak, a clever metaphor for middle America.  The missing peak of the block--actually a pyramid--is a solid gold cap (think: financial services/Goldman Sachs) is not physically connected to the rest of the block.  There's an audible "click" when it is occasionally attached to the base, the unmistakable sound of a bailout payment.<br/><br/>The book is a real page-turner.  I bought a hefty table fan and set it next to the book on my desk.  At "low", it flipped the pages for me at a reasonable clip.  Whenever the pace of the tale slowed down (e.g., during long passages in italics), I would simply switch to "med" or "high" to keep things moving.  The book itself is hefty, with an MSRP to match.  You can pick up a copy at the sale rack at your local grocery store (as I did), but I have a better suggestion for the true aficionado:  Jump the next flight on Jetblue for DC to tour the various lost symbols cited in the book.  Board the plane early and grab a left-behind copy of the Lost Symbol from a seatback pocket in one of the exit-row seats.  (Remember to leave your copy for the next bloke when you disembark at Dulles.)  The ticket will cost you less than the actual retail price of the book, and you'll be going "green" by recycling.  If you're in need of some lighter fare like Patterson or Danielle Steele on your return flight, go Southwest.  Oh, and don't forget the fan.<br/><br/>This book is chock full of text in "italics" (I didn't know how to put italics in italics, so I used quotes).  After extensive research of ancient texts at the Library of Congress, I learned that "italics" are a kind of metadata for symbols.  In other words, it's symbolization for symbols.  Armed with this insight, I counted all the italicized words in the book (I just put my fan on "high" to do this).  The ratio of the number of all plain words in the book to the number of italicized words is 33.  No surprise there (read the book and you'll catch my drift).  Then I ran the italicized text through a decryption algorithm, using "33" as the key for a substitution code. After removing all duplicate letters, the italicized text reduces to this message: "themeaningoflifeis42".<br/><br/>I wavered between rating this book a 3 or a "5".  It's an entertaining and interesting book, with marvelous plot details and twists.  I asked myself: is this an enduring classic that will engage the next generation of Jetblue passengers in 2010?  I think so.
 I'm a Dan Brown fan. I really like his other books (with the exception of the so-so Digital Fortress). I also like Dan Brown's writing for the most part.I read this book and was quite entertained for the first two thirds of it. It had lots of interesting stuff, clever twists, and decent pacing. Unfortunately after that the plot holes were just so unbelievably huge (I actually can't believe an editor let this go, a high school writing student wouldn't make these mistakes), that it left a bad taste in my mouth. There were tons of things that ignore the painfully obvious and things that just could not and would not happen (and character stupidity that's inconsistent with who they are). Oh yeah the climax was utterly anticlimatic. Really shocking this passed the tests before it was published. I will read future books by Dan brown but I sure hope both he and his editors never make these worse than rookie mistakes again.If there is a movie I'm sure they'll make big changes to the story. Not his best work, his worst in fact. Im usually ok with books that are entertaining, unique and decently written and I'm not normally real critical, but there were too many big flaws in this one to not mention them.
 This was my first Dan Brown book and it will be my last.  I should have known this was not going to be good, but the book club said I had to read it and I'm a team player, so...  This book dragged on and on and on.  The story started out pretty good and I even took a minute to look up noetic science.  I soon lost interest, though, with all of the technology and explaining of this term and that one, and the freemasonry theme.  It was a real struggle to finish.  I thought the actions of the characters in the last few chapters was rather unbelievable and the pay-off was lacking. No more of this author for me.
 I finished The Lost Symbol last night, and it exceeded my expectations for mediocrity. It's pretty hard to discuss a book that depends entirely on tricks to keep you reading and not end up with spoilers, but here goes. First, to borrow a silly comparison from one of the book's characters, what if the big secret the whole book is about were the recipe for Coca Cola? Before you buy, think about it.<br/><br/>Imagine that the most powerful Mason in the world, a man of unimaginable wealth, intelligence, and goodness, offers his irresponsible druggie son, as an 18th birthday present, a choice between his own unimaginable wealth and the most precious secret item in the entire legendary Masonic utility shed. Yeah, that is the inconceivable event that sets things in motion. Now imagine that the son, having chosen unimaginable wealth instead (what a surprise!), ends up in a Turkish prison for drug offenses, and DOES NOT think of using some of his unimaginable wealth (rather than Dad's) to bribe his way out. Still with me?<br/><br/>Now imagine that the nastiest steroid-mangled psycho on the planet manages to scam his way through all 33 initiation rituals of Masonry (that's a few years of close scrutiny by some pretty picky folks) without ANYONE noticing that there's something, well, a little "off" about him (such as, a wig, full body makeup to cover tattoos worthy of Queequeg, a nasty --self-inflicted-- scar below his Richard, and a tendency to get all wookie-eyed and babble about ascending to the plenastral neovoid). No problemo? Ok, imagine that in spite of living through a bout with the Illuminati and a firsthand encounter with the Priory of Sion, symbol specialist Robert Langdon is "sceptical" about secret societies. I mean, I'm sceptical, but I haven't played footsie with the Sang Real or been hunted by Illuminati assassins....<br/><br/>If you are still saying, "Let me at it!" I'll just offer one last bit of advice: The end of this book is the most appalling letdown, not just in terms of the suspense, but in terms of the integrity of the world of the novel, that I truly cannot imagine worse. The recipe for Coca Cola would have been an improvement. Instead we get a shovelful of BS that is, among other things, endlessly uplifting.<br/><br/>The da Vinci Code was fun, like a bag of flavored potato chips or your own pint of cheap chocolate ice cream. The Lost Symbol is not fun. The characters are not just cardboard, they are outside the realm of possibility. The puzzles require reams of exposition, which means people run from SWAT teams while panting to each other, "Did you notice that there are 217 steps on this staircase?" To which their companion replies, "Yes, but you missed the REALLY important thing about the steps! Look!!!"  End of chapter; switch venues for a chapter]<br/><br/>Contrary to the exasperated claims of some who didn't finish it but thought they knew where it was going, the book is absolutely not anti-Mason; nor is it anti-Christian. In fact, it's not really anti- much of anything. CIA? O-o-o-o-ok! Psychotic tattooed killer? Hey, once you get to know him.... One mildly amusing thing: The Mormons -- who do not take kindly to this sort of stuff -- do not figure at all in the book. They are only mentioned once, in a list. Pretty amusing, when you consider that one of the key sentences in the book was the enigmatic last words of one Jos. Smith.<br/><br/>Trust us: This book reads like a really bad parody of a Dan Brown novel. And that wasn't much of a standard to shoot for.
 I was a huge Dan Brown fan, even before he was popular.  Alas, this is no longer true.  "The Lost Symbol" is a POOR piece of writing!  Many of these reviews, however, are very entertaining!  I totally agree with those who are disappointed with Brown's formulaic approach.  It reminds me of a "Madlib," where the players add words to blanks in a prewritten vignette.  Fill in the blanks for: a cult-like aspect of a mainstream religion or belief; an odd, deviant eunuch on a mission that threatens to reveal a closely guarded secret of the cult-like group; a revered and beloved, older man who is an expert in his field; a brilliant daughter-figure of the old man; a setting in a well-known major city with lots of history.<br/><br/>Every writing teacher admonishes students at every level to "show, don't tell."  Too bad Brown has forgotten this lesson.  During the frequent "chase scenes," Brown tells us every turn the characters make, being sure to mention any D.C. landmark.  Is he trying to convince us he is really familiar with Washington D.C., or is trying to make readers who know D.C. feel like insiders?  Often repeated phrases such as "He looked on in shock" or "Suddenly it all made sense," the inner narratives, and the lectures by Katherine and Peter tell, don't show the reader what to think.<br/><br/>The last part of the book is so preachy that I was reminded of "The Shack."  Even though Brown's other best sellers dealt with religion, the resolution of each was dependent on Langdon's bravery and brilliance.  The resolution of "The Lost Symbol" is just pages and pages of Katherine and Peter's pedantic preaching!  It makes Langdon look like an idiot.  The book should have ended shortly after the helicopter scene (obviously written for the movie).  And while I'm on the subject of the Peter's preaching, it is totally unbelievable that an older man with a severed hand could carry on the way he did!!!<br/><br/>My sense is that Brown has followed his editor's instructions to capitalize on the success of his previous two best sellers by writing the same book again with different details.  My hope is that Brown will have the courage to write a more original book next time, or not write another book at all.  I wonder if an unknown writer had submitted this book, if it would have even been considered for publication.
 Absolutely loved Angels &amp; Demons and DaVinci Code....not this one.<br/><br/>Noetics.....a craptacular pseudo-science about as relevant as Scientology.  No one that has even a marginal education would take this seriously.....not because they are overly skeptical, but because they are intelligent.<br/><br/>Basically, guessed where the big secret was hidden about two-hundred pages before it was revealed.  So it was simply a matter of reading through pages to get there.  Agree with above comments that Langdon turned into a moron, offering virtually nothing to help solve the mystery. The bad 'enlightenment' phrases that go something like: "actually, most respected leaders of the field have known this for years....yada yada" which ends with some absurd notion that Noetics isn't total garbarge and instead has a massive following of brilliant scientists.<br/><br/>The end truth that is revealed is what exactly?  Some crap that everyone already knows?  Really? if that is what is buried, what is the point of the secrecy and the ridiculously complex codes hiding the 'secret' that isn't really a secret at all.<br/><br/>Why hide that at all? So boils down too......what was the point of all this?
 This is the worst Dan Brown book I have read (I read Angels and Daemons and Davinci Code).  Davinci Code was excellent.  Angels and Daemons was not that great because of Dan Brown's "fake science" that was not necessary at all.  The action was still mostly good and believable.  The Lost Symbol has a lot of bad "fake science" and the action and puzzles are not very good.  Action does not flow well and a lot of the puzzles are either obvious or not interesting at all.  The book is not captivating and I almost stopped in the middle.  I would not recommend this book and if I had read some of the reviews here I would have never started reading it.
 Have you ever had that burning sensation in your chest? No, not heart-burn. More deadly (if possible) than that. I mean the feeling when you are reading a novel, watching a movie, or playing a video game and you get SO impatient for it to move along. You start clenching your jaw. You crack your knuckles again, even though you just cracked them two minutes earlier. The feeling that is the perfect mix of annoyance and impatience burns in you. That's what reading THE LOST SYMBOL is like. It is excruciating. Yes. Excruciating...that is the word of choice to explain Dan Brown's latest "novel." (Dear Dan Brown: Thank you for kindly putting the words, "A Novel" on the front cover of your book. Without them, I would have mistaken this book for a slush-pile reject.)<br/><br/>What a terrible, terrible book.<br/><br/>Six years ago, Dan Brown caused all sorts of controversy with his novel THE DA VINCI CODE. It sold a bajillion copies, and forced the whole "Religious Conspiracy" sub-genre into focus. It was also a really poorly written novel. I have read all of Dan Brown's work. From DIGITAL FORTRESS to the newly printed THE LOST SYMBOL, Dan Brown manages to do one thing with remarkable consistency:<br/><br/>Become a worse writer with each novel.<br/><br/>Don't worry, this novel is totally different from the prior two Langdon novels. See, Langdon goes to a famous national building, and receives a cryptic phone call about how he needs to solve a mystery that only LANGDON can solve! He then discovers a bloody clue in the middle of the building. Following a train of interweaving clues about the Freemasons, Langdon is joined by his lovely female companion, Kathleen, as they chase--or are they chased by?--the eeeeeevil Mal'akh. What they discover will change EVERYTHING! Nothing is as it seems...<br/><br/>Oh wait. Everything is exactly as it seems, because this is the same plot at ANGELS &amp; DEMONS and THE DA VINCI CODE. America: what is wrong with you?<br/><br/>Robert Langdon. He marveled us with his professorial skills in, what I consider the only enjoyable Langdon book, ANGELS &amp; DEMONS. A lot has changed since that novel. In THE LOST SYMBOL, Langdon--in his third "adventure"--has managed to become dense and narrow-minded. He seems incapable of putting his famed intellect to use during the novel, and is relegated to responding to ANY question or situation with a bewildered, "What?!" Now before you ask, yes, the "?!" is actually used in the novel at least two or three times per chapter (there are 133 chapters...you do the math). If you have to use more than one punctuation type at the end of a sentence, the only thing you are showing the reader is that you have no real writing ability. Young writers take note.<br/><br/>Amidst the endless repetitive descriptions, we as readers are made to suffer an endless stream of "telling" instead of "showing." The few times Brown manages to "show" us what is going on, he immediately precedes or follows it by telling us the exactly same thing. It became so infuriating, that by Chapter 9 I wanted to gouge my eyes out. To illustrate another example of formulaic writing that Brown has become famous for, here is his Dialogue Formula:<br/><br/>Person 1: "Have you heard of  insert topic here]?"<br/>Person 2: "No, what is it?"<br/>Person 1: " insert poorly veiled information dump here]"<br/>Person 2: "I don't understand."<br/>Person 1: " insert the exact same explanation for a second time]"<br/>Person 2: "So what you are saying is  insert 3rd identical explanation]"<br/>Person 1: "No, you aren't listening. What I said was  insert 4th explanation-100% identical to the previous 3 explanations]"<br/>Person 2: "Ah, I see."<br/>Person 1: "Good. Now have you heard of  insert topic here]?"<br/><br/>Repeat all steps for as many filler pages as needed.  Seriously.<br/><br/>How about pacing? Brown is known for his pacing isn't he? Two things here. First, his pacing is false. In order to create this false sense of "break-neck speed," he ends each chapter on a cliff-hanger. I felt like there should have been a voice-over saying "dun-dun-DUUUN" playing as you turned the last page of every chapter. When Brown finally DOES manage to build up some sort of pace, he ruins it with a flashback.<br/><br/>In a particularly boring flashback early on (in the first few chapters), Langdon is RUSHING to give a speech (he only has THREE MINUTES TO GET THERE!), and he lapses into a flashback. In addition to bringing the pace to a screeching halt, we see, in an academic setting, that Langdon is supposed to be INSANELY smart. SO MUCH BETTER THAN EVERYONE! His students believe and hang on every word, no matter how ridiculous. So, if he is so smart, why is he such an idiot later, and so slow on the uptake? Why does he have to be told everything like he is a mentally deficient high-school student? The answer? Dan Brown's writing is so poor that this is the only way he knows how to express himself, and these sections serve as a vehicle for information dumps. It is also humorous that a security guard, early on in the story, makes the exact same observation of Langdon. Pro Tip: If the characters you are writing think your main PoV is stupid, so will the readers. This will undermine your work.<br/><br/>Logic flaws aside (if I stopped to mention all of them, I would be transcribing the full novel), and forgetting the PoV switching problems, one of the main problems is the plethora of clichés. We have the super-secret division of the CIA, and she is a four-foot tall Asian woman with a superiority complex. And she is deformed. How about the damsel in distress that is the target of a hideously disfigured super-villain? Yep, THE LOST SYMBOL has that too. Even James Bond movies have finally moved beyond these clichés.<br/><br/>I would be remiss if I didn't talk about the villain of the novel. Never-mind that his big reveal at the end of the novel is telegraphed from the moment certain characters are introduced. I don't want to talk about that. I want to talk about this:<br/><br/>How to Build a Cliché Villain the Dan Brown Way<br/>1) Fall for every trick that the dumb hero/heroine throws at you.<br/>2) After being outwitted somehow, point menacingly at the hero/heroine.<br/>3) If you can manage, be a religious fanatic of some sort.<br/>4) Tell the hero/heroine all your secret plans and/or your secret past in a dramatic moment.<br/>5) Think--at least 3 times early in the novel--that destiny is guiding you. Feel free to think this up until the moment you are killed due to your stupidity (see point #8 below)<br/>6) Make the hero/heroine think that they killed you years ago. It makes your entrance much more dramatic...especially when combined with point #4 above.<br/>7) When given the opportunity, study yourself naked in a body-length mirror.<br/>8) Don't actually kill the hero/heroine when you have the chance. Leave them to be discovered so they can come kill you later. Be sure to act surprised later when they show up.<br/>9) Have a super-secret lair within your home--preferably hidden by a secret door. However, the key element here is to leave obvious evidence for people to find so they can enter the lair and discover all your plans in case they didn't catch them in point #4 above.<br/><br/>No, seriously, this all happens in THE LOST SYMBOL.<br/><br/>Don't worry citizens, Robert Langdon is here to save the day. Will he stun us with his intellect? Of course not. He WILL however use his experiences from prior novels to solve everything with the trusty anagram. And when that fails, blind luck will do, as will an epiphany--nothing will trigger the epiphany other than Brown deciding it is time to move the story along to the next idiotic conversation (see above formula).<br/><br/>Are you getting the drift here? Dan Brown's THE LOST SYMBOL should never have been printed. The writing skill is sub-6th Grade level, and his story is contrived and cliché. An interesting observation: When you talk to most people who have read Brown's Robert Langdon novels, they almost always like the first one they read most. Why? Because it is the same plot over and over again. It is like the mystery version of a Harlequin Romance Novel. So, it shouldn't be any surprise that this third novel is even worse. IT'S THE SAME NOVEL...AGAIN! Of course, when you stop to think about what the "Big Problem" was that everyone in the novel was trying to prevent, you realize just how terrible the "novel" is. So. Absurd.<br/><br/>Don't read this book. Ever. Wait for the inevitable movie. It has NO CHOICE but to be better than the novel. If you really want to know about all the Freemason stuff, go get a non-fiction book or two about them. They will be better paced, and more entertaining than THE LOST SYMBOL.
 Yes, this review is on "The Lost Symbol", but I need to begin with "Angels and Demons" (contrary to what one reviewer in this section wrote, it was written before "The Davinci Code"). A good solid novel it was. I liked Langdon right off. If I don't like the main character, I can't stay interested. It's a weakness of mine I suppose, but I have to care about the hero.<br/>  I had to skip reading "The Davinci Code" when I quickly discovered that Brown claimed doggedly that certain foundational elements of the story were fact, when they were not. "I can't read this!" I exclaimed to my wife of 50 years. "I love fiction, but don't try to fool me with nonsense about something as serious as Christianity's path to the present." I dropped the book with a thud on the coffee table. She picked it up, read it, and said it was a "triumph" of story telling, even if it was based on bunk.<br/>  That brings me to "The Lost Symbol". I wish it had stayed lost. Langdon was still there, and I was still rooting for him, but the story was muddy, full of confusing aspects, and I couldn't make myself care enough to give it a good mark. Therefore can't give it more than 3 stars (which means "okay", I gather) only because of my high expectations.<br/>Jess Duboy, author: Wings of Forever.
 I don't think I can recall a book that has been as widely and thoroughly anticipated as THE LOST SYMBOL by Dan Brown. I know, I know...that Potter kid has a lot of fans who stood in line at midnight for the privilege of being the first on their block to possess the latest volume. But it has been six years since THE DA VINCI CODE was published, and folks were overdue for the next installment. So here it is: the return of Harvard's own symbologist Robert Langdon in roughly 500 pages of him in a battle of wits with a truly deranged villain played out against the backdrop of Washington, D.C.<br/><br/>THE LOST SYMBOL takes place over a period of 10 hours or so in the Washington D.C. area, predominantly downtown. Langdon, being somewhat unfamiliar with America's capital, is a fish out of water. His presence is the result of a request of his old friend, Peter Solomon, to make a last-minute address at a private gala presented by the Smithsonian Institution. What begins as an attempt to help a friend, however, becomes a race against time. Langdon is forced to follow an enigmatic series of clues to obtain the solution to a puzzle that is believed to have the power to unleash a heretofore hidden and closely guarded secret. The guardians of this secret are the Masons, an order that is both publicly known and shrouded in mystery.<br/><br/>Langdon follows an ancient, clandestine and bloody trail across Washington, commencing with a grisly object displayed in the Capitol Building. While following the clues around the city, Langdon is pursued by the CIA, who seems bent on stopping him at any cost. The result is a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse as Langdon and Solomon's sister, Katherine, chase down a series of codes and symbols, some familiar and some going back to the beginning of recorded history. And the strings of this deadly game are being pulled by the imposing Mal'akh, a giant demon of a man who is truly deranged.<br/><br/>Langdon must use all of his skills and knowledge to stop Mal'akh, prevent the death of his friend, Peter, and foil a plan that culminates with the toppling of the United States government. As forces both old and new converge on one of Washington's most unusual structures, the fate of many hangs in the balance as a madman's carefully calculated plan comes near success with only Langdon --- in an uneasy partnership with one of the United States' most powerful agencies --- standing in his way.<br/><br/>Has it been worth the wait? Overall, yes. But that's not to say that the book is without its shortcomings. For one, THE LOST SYMBOL could easily have been a hundred pages shorter since it tends to drag occasionally, usually when Brown shows his research hand a bit too much. And there is one segment between the climax and the ultimate conclusion where Brown prattles on a bit too long. Additionally, there are a couple of points where credibility is strained, not unlike what one might be inclined to believe watching an episode of "24." I'm not sure how some of the characters couldn't figure out the identity of Mal'akh, the imposing and frightening villain of the piece, a bit sooner. And there are a few moments where injuries are seemingly healed way too quickly, so everyone can move from a life-threatening situation to just hours later touring national monuments without a stop at a medical facility in between for a few days of rest and relaxation. You'll understand once you read the book.<br/><br/>But be warned: after reading THE LOST SYMBOL, it will be almost impossible to resist a long and leisurely trip to Washington, D.C to visit the places that Brown so skillfully weaves and elegantly describes throughout his narrative. He clearly did his research, and he enjoys sharing it with readers. Although he vividly illustrates both the city and Langdon's brilliance, the most riveting character is Mal'akh, who becomes more frightening, bizarre, and yes, memorable as one delves more deeply into the novel. And while THE LOST SYMBOL lacks some of the more controversial aspects of THE DA VINCI CODE (the most powerful group in the book, the Masons, are portrayed as good fellows here, and religion in general is attacked half-heartedly when attacked at all), it is doubtful that you'll ever look at a dollar bill or D.C. the same way again.<br/><br/>  --- Reviewed by Joe Hartlaub
 I'll keep it short being there are so many reviews on this...the ending was a major let down.  Such a build up to this great mystery that we couldn't wait to find the answer to and that was it???<br/><br/>Book flows just like DaVinci Code and Angles and Demons.  Time for a new formula...it has gotten old.<br/><br/>Also, too much "fluff" in the story, unnecessary details that seemed to have no point to the story.<br/><br/>I'm sure it will be made into a movie...I just hope they improve on it.<br/><br/>I enjoyed The Last Templar a lot more than this book, and it has nowhere near the recognition as Brown's books.
 Brown tries to be too c!ever with his mysteries and conspiracies regarding Masons and history. Read the whole thing but wish I didn't. Find something else as not nearly as good as Davinci Code.
 I have read three Dan Brown books.  The precursor to the DaVinci Code, the DaVinci Code and this.  I thought the earlier one was a bad writer learning his chops, perhaps.  The DaVinci code had a fascinating premise.  I finished it in a condo on the beach in Monterey.  The door to the outside was open and I threw it ouside in disgust at the end.  (I don't litter; I did retrieve it and put it in a trash can).  Someone gave me a copy of this.  I guess I'm masochistic because I read it.  It's hard to argue with the idea that it's impossible to underestimate American intelligence or taste.  Absolutely horrible book.  I avoided one star because he can put sentences and paragraphs together.  Plotting, character development, etc. are the work of someone with minimal talent. His ego, however, is quite intact.  And why shouldn't it be?  He's making a fortune off of people with exceedingly low standards.  If you like him buy it.  You will probably like it.  Sad.
 I read Da Vinci Code and Angels/Demons and they were excellent. This is a good read - not great, but good. The adventures and historical clues are similar two the other two books and sometime in DC I'd be interested in checking these locales out. I felt the plot started a little slow, but the pace picked up quite a bit and didn't want to put it down. The climax of the book was surprising/excellent, however the conclusion was flat and uninspiring. The religious references were clever yet the lack of detail to explain such references was a letdown, as if Dan Brown didn't quite know where to go with them once he brought them up.
 I like fast-paced mystery novels. I finished Dan Brown's latest (The Lost Symbol), and now I'm working on David Baldacci's "Stone Cold". I'll post a review on that one later.<br/><br/>Is it fair to compare them? Excuse me - I have to go mix myself another Martini...<br/><br/>OK. Here's my honest take on Brown's novel. The entire story takes place in one evening. I couldn't put the book down - it was quite a roller coaster ride actually, which appeals to this reviewer who thinks Brian on "Family Guy" is cool, but seriously, it is quite well crafted... mmm - until the last chapter. It didn't stand out like it should have. The anticipation built up is eventually deflated in the last chapter... I've seen this before in other novels. Like Grisham. It's as if they get burned out; some kind of writer's fatigue.<br/><br/>But don't get me wrong - PLEASE read it. The book scores an 8 out of 10. The last chapter? Perhaps 6 outa 10. Other than that, a very entertaining read.<br/><br/>Sorry Danny boy... (or... at least, your ghost writer).
 I love his books, &amp; this book is just as great! I love how you are able to learn about actual things while reading a fiction book. I feel like a history major after reading it. It is very suspenseful, and keeps you up all night cause you can't put it down! The chapters are short, so that's good but there's always a cliffhanger that makes you keep reading- don't fall for it! :P i feel like this isn't his best book, but its still great! Very scientific too! You'll love it!
 Initially, this book was interesting with the introduction to the vast Masonic lore, but it eventually just fell flat.<br/><br/>For three-quarters of the novel, I kept saying to myself, "how convenient." Just when the reader thinks all is lost for the 100th time, a great big Sasquatch, dressed as Santa Claus with Tooth Fairy wings, gallops out of nowhere atop a unicorn to save the day. My willing suspension of disbelief was beginning to hang by a very brittle thread indeed.<br/><br/>I got to the last several chapters and it just felt like drudgery. What would have been a pretty good story was being disassembled piece by piece for convenience's sake and I was left asking myself, "Didn't this story end 150 pages ago? Why are we belaboring the point?"<br/><br/>Like with all Dan Brown's books, the writing is mediocre, but there's a lot to be learned. In short, the book was very interesting but over stayed its welcome.
 Having just spent the weekend on this novel, I'm sorry to say it left me disappointed.  I was curious enough about what would happen to Robert Langdon to keep turning the pages, and the puzzle-solving was fun as in "The DaVinci Code," but there was too much detail in the historical references, and too much repetition of the main philosophical theme.  Additionally, the main villain was less interesting and too one-dimensional for most of the story as compared to the villain in "Angels and Demons."  I enjoyed the plot twist regarding the villain at the climax of the story, but I had almost given up caring since he seemed so unrealistic.  Furthermore, it was too easy to figure out where the mysterious place Langdon was being taken to blindfolded was near the end of the book.  While I enjoyed the insights into Masonic history and our founding fathers' beliefs, the ending lacked the dramatic impact of "The DaVinci Code."  I couldn't help connecting one scene in the book to one I'd already seen in "National Treasure."  Too bad, and a curious coincidence.  Overall, Brown has done his research, perhaps overwell, and there are some exciting moments in this story.  Yet many of the characters are unbelievable, and Robert Langdon, though resilient and brilliant as always, played too much of the sceptic-turned-optimist and not enough of the academic sleuth-turned-adventurer a la Indiana Jones as in Brown's previous works.
 Many friends and colleagues who I consider to be both intelligent and conscious have recommended this book.  I finally had time to read it during a recent beach vacation and agree that it is both entertaining, thought-provoking and action-packed.  I enjoyed learning about the rich histories of the monuments and buildings in Washington DC which are so nicely woven into the mystical underlying story.  Dan Brown treats us to fiction loaded with rich descriptions, places and facts.  I loved the book because it emphasizes the power of human thought and the power of love to conquer fear.  It also reminds the reader of the powerful force of  emerging human consciousness that is possible in this age though globalization and technological innovation.<br/><br/>I didn't give it a five because the characters and situations described in the story are extreme and a bit hard to believe.  Nevertheless, it makes for a good escape -- just what I was looking for on the beach.
 More eye-opening historical, scientific and religious revelations by character Robert Langdon, in this novel, with the setting based in the United States Capital. It re-evaluates the focus of our countries founders and their strong belief for a greater future.<br/>  Focus on religious fanaticism and the power of the mind. Good adventure.
 -----SPOILERS-----<br/><br/>The plus is that for the most part, The Lost Symbol kept my attention and I was able to finish it in three days.  It was fairly entertaining in that I could see it like a movie, which it will probably be made into.  On the minus, it was formulaic, predictable and repetitive.  As with any Dan Brown book, it was chock full of interesting facts and information but after a while, it became a repeat lecture of the same facts.  The biggest disappointment, however, was that there was no big secret.  The "Lost Word" is nothing more than the Bible hidden beneath the Washington Monument.  Breaking News: This is what the Masons are guarding with their lives.  But my how it was built up for the reader!  I was expecting this wondrous, mind-blowing revelation.  What a let down.  I just couldn't understand how Peter Solomon could put everything at risk to protect this of all things.  Even at the climax, he still gave the lunatic Mal'akh/Zachary the wrong word to imprint on his head.  Out of fear of what?  That he would go out and get a Bible?  Heck, the loon probably needed some JC in his life.<br/><br/>Another thing I found bothersome was Peter Solomon's behavior after the dust settled.  The man just found out his son had come back from the dead as a twisted monster to exact a cruel and vicious revenge on him, and then watched him die a horrendous death again.  So tell us Peter, how are you going to respond to this traumatic event?  Duh, I'm going to have an intellectual debate with my bud Robert Langdon and then I'm going to take him sightseeing right now at this very moment.  But that's not all, I'm going to blindfold him along the way because I don't want him to know how to get to this secret location called the Washington Monument.  What a cheap suspense device to a complete let down, Mr. Brown.  I had actually guessed that the hiding place was under the Washington Monument half way through the book and I am no expert on anything related to the Masons or symbols.  So I couldn't fathom how Robert Langdon, selected by a madman as the only man on earth who could solve the Masonic Pyramid's encrypted message, couldn't figure out where in D.C. there existed a large stone, with a pyramid shape, surrounded by two concentric circles, carved with a message, named after a prominent Mason, etc. etc. etc.<br/><br/>I will say again that there was a lot of interesting and fascinating information in the book, the most notable being the part about Noetic Sciences.  I definitely think that bit provided some food for thought and I personally look forward to seeing some of the breakthroughs that are mentioned in the book.
 I couldn't put THE LOST SYMBOL down until I had finished it.<br/><br/>At the same time, I was not as engaged by this story as I had been with author Dan Brown's previous books. I found the plot a bit implausible, a bit too intricate, with all its many twists. One aspect in particular I won't mention, so as not to be a spoiler.<br/><br/>Still, nobody does this type of of techno-thriller better than Brown does, even if the techno part here does bog down at points. In no way does this discredit the width and the depth of Brown's research. His detail is enormous, past the point of counting all of the new bytes of information he shares with his readers.<br/><br/>As always with Dan Brown, there's much that will be pondered long after the book has been completed, especially the startling new information about Noetic Science.<br/><br/>I found THE LOST SYMBOL a tough read, albeit a worthwhile one, and I am glad that I finished it.
 As other reviewers have mentioned, Dan Brown is no literary genius. His writing style is as if he already knows this will be a blockbuster movie (and I know which character is designed for Morgan Freeman to play!). Can someone do a word count of how many ridiculous exclamations of shock (i.e. "What in the world?!") are used in this book? Too many silly bouts of disbelieving dialogue, too much repetition of the Ancient Mysteries (as if Brown realizes that no one is going to understand what the big deal is--and, despite all the needless repetition, I still don't see what the big deal is); an "imminent crisis" that would barely make the front page of the New York Times if it were to come to light; a protagonist who literally does nothing in the final third of the book; an evil genius whose secret identity is telegraphed almost immediately; and finally and most objectionably, a payoff that is anything but.<br/><br/>With A&amp;D and DVC I was able to get past Brown's downright bad writing because the plot kept me turning the pages; the books were legitimately compelling, largely because they were controversial. But so little happens in his latest book, there are so few surprises, and the characters spout off their surprise so often (it's as if he wants to show how shocking these "revelations" are because the reader just won't care otherwise)--well, there's just not enough there to overcome his weaknesses with prose.<br/><br/>Predictable, painful at times to read due to the poor writing, little to no climax, no controversy, an even more ridiculous and improbable a villain than normal--this is, plain and simple, a bad book, no two ways about it. It should say something that while reading it I picked up and finished several other books because I just couldn't get through it without taking a break for some good writing. I will most definitely NOT be in line on day one for his next one.
 Good enough to get me to finish-and I do love the information but the facts sometimes felt contrived and out of place-I don't feel like people truly think and talk that way. But it was interesting and kept me entertained for sure! If you like this series I would read it.
 I didn't hate the book.  It kept me sane during an intercontinental flight.  But the writing is just bad, in a way that I don't remember in The DaVinci Code.  The Lost Symbol is a fun plot inadequately supported by shallow characters and silly, frustrating dialogue.  The wonderful sense of being lost in a book never happens.  The plot keeps you turning the pages, but it's like eating candy for dinner.  Not satisfying.  I won't spoil the plot, but I have to say that the last chapter was just weird, containing a long, lecturing dialogue about religion that neither character would enjoy if they had seriously endured the events of the previous chapters.
 snooze.<br/><br/>essentially its a less interesting version of the Davinci Code. It really boils down to plot - which there really is none. None that is original. Change of character names, change locations, and motivations of the villians, yes. Plot, no. I was more irritated than intrigued, knowing exactly what was going to happen literally on the next page of this predictible snoozefest.<br/><br/>Justin Lee's description as Character A vs Character B is brilliant - in fact reading it was more interesting than reading The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>If you liked the Davinci Code, don't ruin it by reading the sequel.
 Let me save you some money and time:<br/><br/>o The lost symbol is an old bible hidden in a cornerstone buried under the Washington Monument. People are chasing around and dying for that?<br/><br/>o The CIA wants to stop a hidden camera video of a secret meeting of the Masons from being sent to the Internet and "Bringing down the Country".<br/><br/>o The villain "mal'akh" is Zach, Peter Solomon's estranged son.<br/><br/>The book starts off fairly well with suspense and mystery. The legends and stories of the Founding Fathers, D.C. and the Masons are put forth in a very interesting and entertaining way - however - as I mentioned at the beginning of my review, the lame ending of these two plot points have a very disappointing resolution. Brown builds up the suspense and all we get is  something so bland and dumb, that all I wanted to say was: "So What?" (Cue the Mile Davis song).<br/><br/>Why all the elaborate codes and misdirection to prevent the discovery of an old bible sealed away in a cornerstone of a national monument that nobody is going (or could if they wanted) to dig up anyway? Why would the CIA care if some Masons initiation ritual is posted on the internet, no matter which important government bigwigs are involved? Bring down the Government? Hardly. That can be controlled and countered in so many ways I can't even begin to count them. Who would care anyway? Just invent another "Balloon Boy" and all the ruckus about Masons would be instantly forgotten.<br/><br/>The last 90 minutes or so is just a long boring epilogue with sophmoric philosophizing about Sky Faeries and Hope. To use an old 80's expression, "gag me with a spoon". What a letdown.<br/><br/>I'm just glad I didn't pay anything for this book since I got it from my library. If you have to check out this train wreck for yourself, I'd suggest you do the same and not waste good money on this tripe.<br/><br/>Until I read the ending I would have rated this a 3 or 4. After I read the ending it only rates a 1, and that would be generous.
 Reading this book was like watching a high speed chase live, always waiting to see what's next, only to the have an unsatisfied and marginally entertained feeling after it's all done.  Like the other 2 Langdon books,  there's a bad guy who manipulates everyone to accomplish his bidding, which takes everyone through a convoluted web of conspiracy laden history, endless trivia, and cheesy dialogues.  The overuse of codes and symbols is fascinating at first, then just down right cheesy.<br/><br/> Oh well. At least the paperback itself had a nice cover and was delivered early by Amazon.
 Robert Langdon is back  in yet another thriller. This time the symbologist finds himself running through the streets of Washington D.C. and following the clues of a conspiracy. Th author does a great job, I will always love The DaVinci code  better than the following novels, but all are definitely  worth the read.
 Wow, Dan Brown sure does know how to attract a tough reviewing crowd!  But, I have to say I thoroughly enjoyed this latest novel of his.  But, then again, I typically do enjoy thrillers, and almost all decent ones do follow a basic format that apparently offends some folks as not being "real literature".<br/><br/>That format includes a really evil bad guy, good guys faced with a deadly crisis with potentially catastrophic results if it's not solved in time, less focus on character development than on the plot and action, and short cliff hanging chapters.  Yes, Robin Cook uses it. Dean Koontz uses it. David Baldacci uses it. Michael Crichton used it. Big thriller movies use it.  And, just as in <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/1400079179/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>, Dan Brown uses it in this one.  When combined with decent story-telling ability, a unique plot and theme, as well as some surprising twists, turns and revelations - it can make for an enjoyable, "can't-it-down" page-turning fun, roller coaster ride of a read. It doesn't always happen, but it did for me with this one.<br/><br/>Brown reheats his own particular brand of this formula from the DaVinci Code, which again places the smart "nerdy" hero Langdon (versus the oft used macho-ex-SEAL type) chasing an intelligent trail of historical clues to solve the do-or-die mystery.  It's a format I enjoyed then, but was skeptical he could replicate into a uniquely, entertaining story (Particularly, given the number of writers I've read since then, that have tried to do so, and failed.) But, he does it well. And,unlike a lot of even very enjoyable thrillers, I learned a lot along the way about the derivatives of everyday words, D.C. and some of it's monuments.<br/><br/>Bottom Line: If you didn't like The DaVinci Code or aren't really a fan of thrillers - odds are you're not going to like this one. If in particular, you don't like novels that take on the religious/science debate, or use a spin on historical or biblical references to create a fictional tale - than you're really not going to enjoy it.  On the other hand, if you just enjoy a unique,fast-paced thinking-man hero thriller that keeps you turning the pages (and aren't who I just named) - than I think you'll enjoy this one.
 What I HATE is that the villain is a cartoon creation and belongs in a Batman movie along with The Joker or The Penquin.  The book is tedious and repetitive in places.but maybe we can blame the editor for that.<br/><br/>What I LOVE is Dan's knowledge of arcane etymology and symbology. Words that we think mean one thing actually mean (or used to mean) something else entirely.The learning experience alone is worth the read.
 Like many readers of Dan Brown, I had been anticipating his newest release for quite some time. One of the aspects of his writing that I have always enjoyed is the amount of research that goes into his novels. I love the imagery that he creates with his descriptions of people, places and events. As with Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code, I found myself wanting to be where he was writing about.<br/><br/>The story itself grabbed hold of me and didn't let me go until the end. It had enough twists to keep me from putting the book down when I should. I always love an ending that I didn't see coming and Dan Brown masterfully did that in this book.<br/><br/>It is a great book...worth reading 2 times at least. As I re-read it, I found more intricacies within the story that I had missed the first time, reading it as fast as I could.
 I did enjoy The Lost Symbol, and I think it's Brown's best book.  It was an entertaining thriller, although it got sadistic at some points, thanks to a very sick villain.<br/><br/>I loved the Masonic references, although I was amused by all of the high ranking government people who were 33rd degree Masons in the novel.  My husband is a 33rd degree Mason, and I said to him, "don't you wish?"  He says that Brown got some of the details about Freemasonry wrong, but he could not tell if that was deliberate--after all the book is fiction--or careless research.  I have visited the House of the Temple in Washington, and it is a fascinating building.<br/><br/>The weakest part of the novel was the concern about the details of Masonic degrees going public.  As a previous reviewer indicated, not many people would care.<br/><br/>Brown attempts some philosophy, and it's only an attempt, but at least it might get people to think about some of the ultimate questions of life.  And that's not bad.
 I read The Da Vinci Code a few years ago and thought it was an enjoyable read. However, I don't think The Lost Symbol is anywhere near as good. The story revolves around the main protaganist, Professor Robert Langdon, searching for clues in underground Washington, in an attempt to stop a deranged man from acquiring ancient Masonic secrets.<br/><br/>I felt that the exciting moments in the plot were few and far between, and that the character development was poor. I found myself just drifting through paragraph after paragraph, on quite a few occasions while reading the book. Not one of this author's better novels.
 Another triller from that master of suspense Dan Brown as this time his Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is called to Washington, D. C. and soon realizes he's not only been tricked, but is plunged into a deadly series of events. Confronted with strange symbols and codes he must somehow decipher if he is to rescue his dear friend and mentor Peter Solomon, a millionaire and prominent Mason, who's been kidnapped and brutally maimed, he also knows he must fight to save his own life.<br/><br/>As Langdon struggles to uncover the mysteries and solve the secret of a long-lost wisdom and incontestable truth, the reader is taken on a breathtaking journey across our nation's capital and into the hidden places of some of its most important buildings. It's a fascinating journey with many twists and turns and a really scarey tatooed villian whose real identity came as a complete surprise to me.
 In his earlier Da Vinci and Demons novels, Dan Brown's disdain for religion, Christianity in particular, at least motivated him to a good yarn with genuinely creepy villains operating from organized systems threatened by secret truth.  "Lost Symbol" ends up with a 10 chapter apology for new age optimism about the value of truth, even though the book's main threat to world civilization is that a few important people might get embarrassed by having the truth revealed.  It's shabby work, full of cardinal violations of a good thriller -- many of the clues are just downright false.  The author intentionally leads the reader away from accurate suspicion, ending with a "gotcha" that holds up only because the clues along the way turn out to be fraudulent.<br/><br/>At least the animosity of Brown to the Roman Catholic Church made for good antagonists.  Here the antagonists are all parties Brown will defend in the end, and his ability to put real vitriol into their actions isn't there.  Imagine Jason Bourne singing Kum Ba Yah with the CIA chiefs at the end of the trilogy and you get the confusion that Brown is at the heart of Brown's poor effort in this novel.<br/><br/>There was a point where Robert Langdon could have died.  Brown should have taken the risk and ended this series with something worth remembering.
 You just know Brown is playing you as he cuts from one thread to another.  And despite you knowing it, it works. If you knew nothing about Masons (as I did) before reading this one, you'll come away knowing a heck of a lot more.  The problem is, we don't know what is fact and what is fiction.  Brown has a knack for making even the outlandish seem rivittingly believable.  This one is very hard to put down once you start it.
 How good is "The Lost Symbol"? Good enough to keep me up till 5 a.m. reading until I couldn't focus my eyes anymore.<br/><br/> Yes, Dan Brown is largely following the formula he established in "The Da Vinci Code". So what? In terms of producing suspense and keeping the reader turning pages, the formula works.<br/><br/> We have the villain, Mal `akh, truly the incarnation of evil. Wealthy, superbly intelligent, strong beyond ordinary mortals, cunning, sadistic and filled with hate. He is a student of the black arts and aspires to acquiring the secrets of the ancients by any means possible.<br/><br/> By now, it is no secret, ancient or otherwise, that it is the Masons who possess the key to the knowledge of the ancients and, lo and behold, that key, if not the secrets themselves, are located in the Washington DC area.<br/><br/> Robert Langdon, the hero of "The Da Vinci Code" receives a call from the assistant to his old friend, Peter Solomon, the chair of the Smithsonian, asking him to fill in on short notice for a speaker scheduled to appear at the nation's Capitol that evening. Langdon, ever the gentleman, agrees to fill in.<br/><br/> Langdon arrives at the Capitol and the "fun" begins. Now, one has to be careful, particularly with suspense this finely wrought not to drop "spoilers" and ruin someone else's pleasure.<br/><br/> Langdon quickly finds himself plunged into crisis. There is no speech to be given. Instead there is a severed hand in the Capitol Rotunda, a Capitol Police official and a senior CIA administrator. Langdon is at that the center when he recognizes the hand as belonging to Peter Solomon.<br/><br/> The CIA administrator, Inoue Sato, is a well drawn character. Of Japanese ancestry, she is hard as nails and, putting it mildly, a survivor. Friend or foe? Neither Langdon nor the reader know at this point.<br/><br/> Within a few pages, two more main characters are introduced, the Capitol Architect and Katherine Solomon, sister to Peter.<br/><br/> Now, one by one, author Dan Brown spins out the history of the Masons, their reputed secrets and an amazing outpouring of US history. Browns assures us that all of the organizations and locales he cites are genuine.<br/><br/> Brown deftly leads the reader on a tour of Washington DC that few, if any, of us will ever take through secret rooms and tunnels, to locations laden with history, always with the evil Mal'akh and the CIA on our trail.<br/><br/> There are lots of close calls, heart-thumping narrow escapes, no shortage of impending doom and a few difficult-to-believe, but adrenalin producing, scenarios.<br/><br/> Brown uses an old fiction device: short chapters with a cliff-hanger at the end of each. It may be old, but it works.<br/><br/> All of Brown's characters are richly detailed. Langdon, as he did in "The Da Vinci Code", gnaws at the edge of credibility, with his immense knowledge, but what the heck - he is the hero. Brown employs a clever strategy with Langdon having all the pieces, but reaching the incorrect conclusion the first time around.<br/><br/> Overall, this is just plain good suspense wrapped inside a great thriller. Yes, the formula is within spitting distance of "The Da Vinci Code", but so what? It's good suspense and a very good read.<br/><br/>Jerry
 Plot Summary:  Robert Langdon's old friend and mentor, Peter Solomon, calls in a favor and asks Robert to give a speech at a charity event being held in the Capitol building.  When Robert arrives, he finds his friend is missing, and a mysterious `invitation' waiting in the Rotunda, one that he must solve if he wants to save Peter.  Someone wants a secret that has been protected by the Freemasons since the beginning of Washington D.C.'s existence, and Robert must choose whether to protect the secret and sacrifice his friend, or reveal what the Masons would take to their graves.<br/><br/>At the end of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>, I felt like I had been taken on an incredible ride and learned secret revelations that were truly earth-shattering (no matter that it's all make-believe).  I just finished The Lost Symbol, and this time I feel like I was moderately entertained, but the big secret was a big bust.  To make matters worse, I had correctly guessed the `final resting place' of the `treasure,' and I since I usually suck at predicting the outcome of a mystery, this one must be way too simple if I honed in on it within the first chapter or two.<br/><br/>As I read this book, I kept grumbling to myself, asking when the action was gonna start.  I was fairly bored for the first third of this novel, and when Robert Langdon finally got his  ...]on the run, it started to get interesting.  Too bad it never matched the intensity and excitement of The Da Vinci Code though.  There are some good spine-tingly torture scenes, but the bad-guy is pretty much invincible throughout, and it's almost an act of God that finally takes him down.  It's a nice vote of confidence from Dan Brown that the entire CIA cannot find a man who doesn't have a hair on his body, and is tattooed from head to toe.  The funny thing is, they seem to have no trouble finding everybody else, just not the 6'3" guy who is bulked on steroids and resembles the Sunday comics page.<br/><br/>Okay, I've groused enough about what I didn't like, but this book is far from a complete dud.  The Washington D.C. trivia and history that Dan Brown doles out is absolutely fascinating.  I kept going back to my laptop so I could pull up images of the paintings, statues, and buildings that are mentioned, and yes, I'm itching to visit our nation's capitol now.  The true history of Washington D.C. stole the show, and it makes the lost symbol revelation feel like a complete letdown by comparison.  In this case, the fiction could not compete with the reality.
 This book, after the first chapter, starts off very slow - then gets so addicting that... well, I don't have anything clever to say.  It just gets very good and hard to put down... then it hits a lull... and then gets great again... and then the ending is pretty damn disappointing.  Overall, I enjoyed it a lot and found the plot to be very interesting and the characters equally as interesting.  I could deal with the slow parts, but that ending sure did bring the whole book down.  Still, it was really good, overall.
 There are some really exciting and creative twists, turns, and puzzles in this novel, which is the basis for my 4-star rating. The codes and puzzles are fascinating and fun, chases and escapes put you on the page-turning edge of your seat, and there is one enormous twist that I really never saw coming. I had a very hard time putting this novel down. Brown is a master of the cliff-hanger.<br/><br/>However,,,there were quite a few times when I read and read and read, and was still on the same page. Brown does love to lecture, and some of the book is dense and repetitive. (Well, his characters lecture. One even cheerfully launches into a twenty-page-long history, science and philosophy lecture -- with accompanying guided tour -- despite the fact that he is badly injured and desperately needs medical care.) Here is an author telling his readers, "I spent 50,000 research hours in libraries and archives worldwide and, by golly, you're gonna know it!" Burying actual plot and puzzles into these lectures makes it difficult to just skim them. So an unfortunate chunk of this novel can be a pretty wearying slog.<br/><br/>Also, characterization is not Brown's strong point. Characters are mostly ciphers running around creating havoc or following clues in a National Treasure-type hunt. But that hunt is fast and furious, leaves characters and readers alike gasping, and is, despite all the metaphysical mumbo-jumbo, very, very entertaining. After all, we're not really reading Brown for sensitive character development. We're reading him for fun, puzzles and enigmas, a little esoteric history (although he provides a lot), and a runaway train scavenger hunt. All this Brown certainly delivers.<br/><br/>There's not much payoff to all this racing around, but it's fun along the way. In fact, Brown packs in so much plot and energy that I was surprised at the end to realize the whole story took place over only about 12 hours. And the ending, while a letdown, was not unexpected. After all, Robert Langdon must say about twenty times, "There can't be any such thing!" Still, I wasn't disappointed. The Lost Symbol is imaginative and energetic, and there are lots of twists and surprises along the way. I really did enjoy it.
 The Lost Symbol opens with Robert Langdon being called to Washington DC at short notice to deliver a speech. The request has come from his old friend, Peter Solomon, head of the Smithsonian Institution and also a high-ranking Mason. When Langdon gets to the Capitol Building, he quickly discovers that there is no event planned and that Solomon has not invited him. Instead he has been lured there because an unknown individual believes that Langdon can help him to unlock an "ancient portal" hidden in Washington DC. The first clue is delivered via a severed hand (Solomon's). In next to no time Langdon finds himself teaming up with Solomon's sister (a former romantic interest) frantically deceiphering clues in a bid to save his friend Peter, all the while on the run from the authorities - and also from a mysterious villianous eunuch with a distinctive tatooed appearance who is desperate to discover the most closely guarded secrets of the Freemasons.<br/><br/>Whilst there are obvious similarities to The Da Vinci Code, The Lost Symbol focuses on new territory, specifically the world of Freemasons. Unfortunately, while interesting, the revelations lack the "wow" factor of The Da Vinci revelations. The Lost Symbol is still an enjoyable book, but it's not as good as The Da Vinci Code. I'd put it more on a par with his earlier novels.<br/><br/>The book takes a while to find its momentum. The early chapters are cluttered with back story after back story. Also lots of "encyclopedia speak". Dan Brown has clearly done lots of research while writing this book, but do we need to be told ALL of it? Sometimes it felt more like I was reading excerpts from Wikipedia than a novel! The pace does pick up though, and Dan Brown is still the master of the hanging chapters that get you staying up late reading "just one more" - it's a long book, but you tear through it. You do need to be willing to ride with the (many) improbabilities, like the idea that Langdon could immediately identify the owner of a severed hand or that the CIA would let him help himself to criminal evidence or that he would totally forget that he was carrying a secret and vital box with him (until of course it was convenient for him to remember).  The ending is also a disappointment: it drags out and the main twist is unlikely to surprise.<br/><br/>Despite these flaws, The Lost Symbol moves at a good pace and kept me entertained throughout. Ultimately it delivers much what you would expect it to and if you've enjoyed previous novels by Dan Brown, it's a pretty safe bet that you'll enjoy this one too.
 THE SETUP<br/>Peter Solomon, the director of the Smithsonian Institution, is abducted by a strange person named Abadon, partly for the purpose of forcing symbologist Robert Langdon to help him (Abadon) discover the ultimate secret of Freemasonry, which Abadon believes is all he needs to be transformed into a genuine immortal demon.  Abadon has a vendetta with the Solomon family, having murdered Peter's mother some years earlier.  Peter's sister Catherine (a noetics researcher) joins Langdon in the search for Peter, which requires unraveling the Masonic symbolic mysteries of Washington D.C.  That's the setup.  Additional details would be spoilers.<br/><br/>COMMENT<br/>What many, perhaps most, readers fail to realize is that the Robert Langdon novels all have exactly the same theme.  The theme is an "alternate" (alternate to the government-approved version of spirituality taught by the priests to the masses) spiritual tradition which predates Christianity, and which is continued in little-known Christian sects (as well as within obscure Jewish and Islamic sects).  Virtually every detail in Brown's novels is  accurate (to the extent such details have been previously published), including the history of the sects, the descriptions of the doctrines, the symbols, and descriptions of ancient traditions.  These traditions represents the theology of the "enlightened" from Pythagoras to Dante to DiVinci to Thomas Jefferson.  While the corresponding doctrines of some sects in the tradition are open to debate, the tradition is never-the-less historical reality.  "The Lost Symbol" concentrates on Freemasonry, which while not exactly a religious sect, nevertheless identifies with this tradition.  For example some groups within the large umbrella of Freemasons call themselves Knights Templar---which historically was a (renegade?) monastic order of the Roman Catholic Church.<br/><br/>Since publication, Masons have refuted some details, but Brown was accurate to the extent that details had previously been published at the time he wrote the novel.  Mythology and allegory are major components of Masonry. My understanding is that few (if any) Masons themselves know exactly where Masonic mythology ends and real history begins, so we should cut Brown a little slack on that score.<br/><br/>In a way, a theme of "The Lost Symbol" is heresy and heretics.  (By the way, the literal, not figurative, meaning of "heretic" is "one who thinks for himself").  In "The DiVinci Code" and "Angels &amp; Demons," Brown presented ideas considered heretical by the Catholic Church.  Therefore Brown was reviled by Catholics and became the darling of progressive liberals, who just accepted the spirituality as necessary fiction (as a vehicle) for the anti-Catholic tirade.  However, in "The Lost Symbol" (and actually in the earlier Langdon novels as well) Brown has presented ideas heretical to progressive liberalism (e.g., that evil may actually exist, the assertion that spirituality has value, and the historical fact that "rational spirituality" been a major force in the world since antiquity, and remains so). It is Brown's blasphemous challenge of established ideology which has earned "The Lost Symbol" so many negative reviews.  Hell hath no fury like a progressive liberal rebuffed.<br/><br/>It is remarkable that revolutionaries almost always end up perpetuating and even exacerbating the evils they rebelled against.  Modern progressive liberals are far more rigidly doctrinaire and grimly intolerant of dissent than the "system" which they justifiably rebeled against.  I'm no fan of the Catholic Church, nor even fundamentalist Christianity, but I find progressive liberalism at least equally oppressive.<br/><br/>CRITIQUE<br/>Although containing numerous minor implausibilities, inconsistences, and at least a few downright errors, "The Lost Symbol" is engaging and entertaining.<br/><br/>Such a book requires a straight-man, as played by Robert Langdon.  Langdon is sometimes oddly skeptical of trivial, widely believed (even if unproven) historical assertions.  At other times he is much too quick to accept fantastic claims, based on little or no evidence.  At times Langdon makes brilliant deductions, at other times he is thwarted by the most minor logical challenge.  It might be better to have a "Scully" and "Molder" pair to play these rolls.<br/><br/>Character development is formulaic, but this is an action novel--far too many authors have listened to critics and ruined perfectly good action novels with wasted pages and chapters of "development" of uninteresting characters.  Pacing is erratic, but so is that in a roller-coaster ride.  Indeed "The Lost Symbol" is about the closest literary equivalent of a roller-coaster ride that I can imagine.<br/><br/>I found the plot predictable, and solved several of the key mysteries (Abadon's identity and the "winding staircase") at an early point.  But that did not distract from enjoyment of the story.  Unlike many reviewers, I think that it is good storytelling technique to give the reader the satisfaction of being "smarter" than the protagonist, at least on some story elements.<br/><br/>As in other Brown novels, Brown spends far too much time unnecessarily pushing the high questionable ultimate implications of his theses.  For example, why not (in "The DiVinci Code") leave some mystery regarding the nature of the Grail?  Brown's interpretation is only one of many.  Similarly, although not a son-of-the-widow, I'm sure that different Masons get different things out of Masonry, and have different beliefs about what the ultimate mysteries may be.  Why not leave some mystery?<br/><br/>As purely fictional modern action-mystery, "The Lost Symbol" rates perhaps 3 1/2 stars.  But as historical fiction, Brown earns another more star for his extraordinary research, and excellent presentation of the historical facts.<br/><br/>THE VERDICT<br/>The Lost Symbol is a fantastic ride of non-stop suspense, filled with fascinating mysteries.  So much so, that when I finished, I turned back to page one, and started the novel again.
 I am in the middle of The Lost Symbol a the moment, yes i have not fiished it yet.  I just felt compelled to share some of my feelings.  First of all Dan Brown is not a writers writer; he is not creating some grand piece of literature here.  He aims for suspense over substance and at times his style is a bit sophomoric. Lets face it the formula for The Lost Symbol, is the same as it was in The Davinci Code and Angels and Demons.  Aren't authors supposed to grow and change with time and experience? His characters are not likeable at all, however having said that how can he really flesh out his characters when he spends most of his time trying to educate us about the Apotheosis of Washington and the vastness of Freemasonry?  Quite honsetly I find his writing style hokey, especially the villanous parts.  Every time I get to the chapters with Mala'kh I roll my eyes and skim through.<br/>Obviously Dan Brown has learned that once something works, don't stray.  He's not offering us anything new here except location.
 Oh my dear triangles, pyramids, and other geometric shapes ... Your days of existing in plain sight are limited.  Mr. Brown will invoke and christen you with deep symbolical (and potentially religious importance) if you are not careful.<br/><br/>No longer can we ignore the obvious Nazi implications in the swastika patterns which may be drawn on maps in many grid-like housing developments in the United States (if you use your imagination (and a pen)).<br/><br/>No longer can we view a simple circle without reflecting on how it has been co-opted by the semi-secret sect of the Shriners to reflect the similarity between the treatment of childhood illnesses and the struggles of Sysiphus and his circular boulder of injustice.<br/><br/>Once again, with this tome, the wicked travesty of ancient, and fictional, secrecy is unearthed by the globe trotting detective / professor - Dan Brown - I mean Robert Langdon.  I pray for the day when this fictional depiction of both literal and figurative "Underground" societies and meeting rooms is brought to light via the magic of Hollywood (and Tom Hanks).  As a member of many secret societies I found the book to be entertaining enough to read from front to back (in my secret underground lair).
 I enjoyed reading "The Lost Symbol," however, in my opinion this is not a smooth or easy reading.  Since I had heard about Freemasons and Masonic Lodge in my childhood, I was keen on knowing more about them.  This book encompasses many discussions about moral values, philosophy, religion, and the peculiar life style of Masons, which are presented in an attractive manner.  Furthermore, the discussions are seamlessly merged with a thrilling story. Professor Langdon comes across as an ideal person who is an expert in decoding ancient symbols and the reader wants to see that he does not come to any harm.  Mulakh the villain of the story has been painted as the cruelest, merciless brute, who possesses an extraordinary physical strength.  We are neither surprised nor shocked, because we live in a world where cruelty has become so commonplace.<br/>To me the most intriguing part of this book is the description of the interior structure of the building.  There are so many secret places and the doors require a series of keys and passwords to unlock them.  In order to keep the secrets a mystery, Masons have built a very complicated structure.  Such structures were hard for me to visualize even after reading the book.<br/>Right at the end the reader experiences a sense of terror and comes in for a huge surprise.  This is where I feel Dan Brown emerges as one of our great novelists.<br/>Finally, I would like to summarize what I have learned about Masons from this novel:<br/>Free Masons are like Shriners.  Every member of Freemasons is duty bound to take an oath of secrecy and loyalty to their organization.<br/>  They believe in the worldwide brotherhood, equality and one Supreme Being.  They have innumerable secret codes, rituals, and worshipping methods.  Their dealings are not transparent to the public.  Masons firmly believe that human mind has an enormous potential and knowledge will help them to expand it.  Their credo is: a fully developed mind can transform the matter.<br/>  The Masons apply scientific principles and logic in all their discussions and think that by understanding the secrets of nature they will obtain the mystical power.<br/>This approach of combining religion and science, in my opinion, is what must have attracted Dan Brown to delve deep into the life style of Masons and spend five years in research finding the meaning of symbols, artifacts and in the deciphering of the code language. The importance of 33 degree in the hierarchy of power has an attention-grabbing explanation. (Dan Brown did research in Smithsonian research center, in Capitol Rotunda, and in many Washington Monuments.  He saw the code language and symbols on the walls of these great places.)<br/>It was a surprise to know that many Presidents were members of the Freemason Society.  This is not a novel for the novel sake but a novel for thinkers. However, the questions such as, why men always are so power crazy still remain unanswered.  Symbols, code language, mysterious ways of celebrations and keeping everything extremely secretive is one  way of holding to power and that is what FREEMASONS did.  I strongly recommend this book if you are interested in a serious thriller.
 Even considering that this is a fiction novel that supposedly pushes the boundaries of modern understanding of science and religion, the best single word description I can muster is; implausible.<br/><br/>I could spend all day echoing complaints about how maddeningly stupid Langdon has apparently become since "The Da Vinci Code". In the previous book he always seemed to have already figured everything out and spent most of it explaining to his companions what he knew or had discovered and what made it significant. It was a very clever way of advancing the plot while also educating the reader without having to fill pages with side step background information. In this book,however Langdon instead seems to realize nothing. Why it's maddening is, his entire explanation for why he didn't realize it, is simply that "it was just a legend" or some other excuse, so he just didn't consider it. What? That couldn't be a more opposite stance from the attitude he took in the previous book. We've gone from consider everything to consider nothing. Pretty sure the reason it really bothered me is that what it amounted to, for me as a reader, was nothing more than a plot device that was purposefully meant to obscure information that would have blown the whole story wide open if even one single piece of information had been known. That amounts to an extremely weak story.<br/><br/>The main thing that bothers me, that no one else seems to have mentioned in reviews I've read so far, is that lack of activity in D.C. on this particular night. There are several scenes in which it's described as being deathly silent, not even people, where they are in the city. Really? I know of no cities that are completely devoid of people at any time of the day, let alone after a substantial portion of a major architectural structure in the heart of it is obliterated by an almost sub-nuclear detonation. Where were the cops? The Firefighters? All the security forces after that? What about people? Observers, residents that are curious as to why helicopters are flying around D.C. in the middle of the night? Did no one hear the explosion? Did D.C. get shut down and everyone evacuated before this all took place? Did I miss that somewhere? Are we to believe that things like this can happen in the nation's capitol and no one would notice or be concerned? As if every single member of every possible official government organization wouldn't be out in the streets with lights, sirens, bullhorns and people barriers is that happened? Get real.<br/><br/>Unfortunately for me, The Da Vinci code was my first Dan Brown read. I read several of his other books after hoping for more of that. What I found instead was very poor writing based on highly improbable situations and miraculous circumstances that push plot devices that, at the end of the day, really wouldn't amount to anything of significance outside of anyone directly involved in the story. The literary equivalent of burning down a house because the bathroom needed to be cleaned. I guess he just got lucky with that one.
 . . . . in reading "The Lost Symbol" by Dan Brown.  This book is not an adventure, its an exercise in tedium, staring many of your favorite, stock B-movie characters.  Truly, can we be expected to swallow the mean, secretive CIA chief who appears like the female warden in a women's prison film?  Right down to the wrecked voice, chain smoking and every-other-sentence menancing threats.  Give that lady a truncheon and we're ready to go!  If anyone was actually suprised with the true identity of the "villian" here, please do not admit that fact to the outside world.  You will just embarrass yourself.  And while Robert Langdon is perported to be a scholar and teacher, he is incredibly closed-minded when confronted by "new" data or ideas.  This main character, who had something to do in previous novels, seems out of place and lost amongst the treasures of Washington, DC.  He appears most multi-dimensional in the brief passages recounting classes and forums.  Perhaps he should have an adventure at a major university instead.<br/><br/>The writing lacks grace and flow, as did previous efforts "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels and Demons".  While a good storyteller can be forgiven a less than literary talent with language, a lack of story and constant re-hashing of information and (very bad) dialogue just shows a lack of skill and care.  While I wish I had the cool million Mr. Brown raked in on the first day of "The Lost Symbol", I hope I wouldn't be so cavalier about putting out a wordier version of a James Patterson plus assistant writer story.  As I neared the half-way point of this book, I really wanted someone to hit me on the head with a cap-stoned pyramid and get it over with.  Honestly, the idea behind this work is not worthly of 200 pages, let alone the number required to get to the end of this very disappointing offering. You are better off reading some nonfiction works regarding the Freemasons if interested - many to choose from and not nearly as trying to read.<br/><br/>Last word to the wise (or anyone wanting entertainment), avoid this book.
 Oh My God.  Can you say tedious?  I just finished listening to the audio book, yes all 17 1/2 hours of it, and I felt like throwing myself out the nearest window and hoping I would impale myself on an obelisk aka pyramid.  Holy Christ can this guy blow wind.  This should have been a 9 hour book MAX, but it drones on and on and on and on.  I wouldn't listen to this again at gunpoint!<br/><br/>I wonder how many times the words: mystical, mythological, symbol, ancient wisdom, etc appear.  After listening to this I had to do some self-Electroshock Therapy.  I'm now listening to the best of Yma Sumac!  Haha.
 Admiral David Farragaut, when invading Mobile Bay during the Civil War said, "Damn the Torpedoes, Full Speed Ahead"  In his most recent book, "South of Broad, Pat Conroy has one of the characters say, "When I see a critic, I call pest control..."<br/><br/>Both comments would be appropriate for the reviews this book has received. Take your pick of the above quotes, but, and this is most important, read the book. It's good.  As Farragaut might say, "damn good."<br/><br/>Many if not most reviews of "The Lost Symbol" have been less than sterling. The New York Times review was especially, small, back-biting and vitrolic. It read almost as if the critic--and who ever built a monumnet to a critic--was jealous of Dan Brown, the acclaim he has received and the money he has made.  To say that he has sold-out to the Masons and is only interested in money says more about the critic that the book.<br/><br/>This is a good book, a page turner, lots of history and interesting fact woven together with an action packed fast moving story.  It won't receive the reaction the Da Vinci Code received, but this is a good book, a worhty followup to the Code.<br/><br/>Yet, and this was interesting, the book's biggest surprise--the villan's identity and the reason for his villanry--was almost readily evident about halfway through.  If not readily evident, then relatively easy to figure out.  That's unusual for a Dan Brown book, but it matters not. How Brown gets to the end, the symbols he reveals and the story he tells is enrapturing, moving and unforgettable. The reader will never look at Washington D.C. the same way again.<br/><br/>Don't miss this book--don't let the critics dissuade you--don't miss anything with Dan Brown's name on it as author.<br/><br/>We are fortunate to live and read in the time of Dan Brown, Vince Flynn,Nelson DeMille and Brewster Milton Robertson.
 Mr. Brown has a knack for mixing the factual and the fictional into a plausible scenario. He does it so well that the "Da Vinci Code" brought a whole slew of conspiracy loonies out of the woodwork. There were endless debates about the book's validity as well as copy-right infringment lawsuits and books rushed into publication to refute it. All this over a simple work of friggin' fiction. "The Lost Symbol" is more of the same, but this time, it revolves around the Masons. The author's book is pure escapism. The protagonist, Robert Langdon, is certainly no Indiana Jones. He's smart but kind of wimpy. The mysterious antagonist, Mal'akh, is scary, but it doesn't take Einstein to figure out who he really is behind all the tattoos. I was concerned about the characters and genuinely shocked about one specific claustrophobic event involving Langdon. The book was a fun way to kill some time and learn a little bit of Washington trivia.
 I picked up The Lost Symbol the day after it was released, finished it two days later, and, well, it really was lack luster. Sure there was some suspense, a twist here and there, but mainly it was a lot of fluff.<br/><br/>It seems that with the success of Brown's previous two novels--if you consider making poor movies a success anyway--he has completely given up on writing a novel. The entire set up of The Lost Symbol is nothing more than a screenplay dressed up as a novel, that's it. I'm sorry but when you have chapters that are less than two pages, you are not writing a book. The thing that makes it worse is the fact that we all KNOW it's not his style; if you read any of his other books you actually see real chapters, with real descriptions, but in his latest book it is merely a hash up of what Tom Hanks will be doing in the movie. I'm sorry Dan Brown, but you were better at writing novels than you are writing screenplays. We do not need to know how every character moves from one place to the next in excruciating detail for the cameras.<br/><br/>The other major drawback of this novel is the blatant use of product placement. Every other page of the novel has someone pulling out an iPhone or a Blackberry and marveling at how amazing it is. Sure it's kind of neat to know what various characters use, but we really only need to be told once.. after all we can all remember considering you mentioned it a mere 4 pages (or 5 chapters earlier ha).<br/><br/>I will admit that one or two of the twists was actually pretty cool, but overall with the short chapters it was horribly easy to see what was coming. I really, really enjoyed Angels &amp; Demons with it's critique of religion, but come on, did Brown get coerced by the Church or something? The Lost Symbol is almost a total reversal of his stance back then, instead of pointing out the idiocy of the Church, Brown now praises the Bible and it's historical significance. Not to mention the fact that the Masons are NOT connected to any one faith, it's kind of silly for them to use the Christian Bible as a cornerstone of their secret empire.<br/><br/>I was truly excited for this book, but like everyone else money has corrupted Dan Browns creativity. I seriously doubt I'll pick up another Robert Langdon novel again, if you think there won't be any, check out this quote from Entertainment Weekly:<br/><br/>-"Do you have a lot of ideas for future books?<br/>There is no shortage of secrets and adventures for Robert Langdon to take. I have ideas for about 12 books. I know I won't have time in my life to write them all. For a symbology professor, someone who understands iconography, ancient mysteries, there is no shortage of material for this character."<br/><br/>With his new short chapter style I'm sure he'll be able to pull another 4 or 5 books out of the air for more poor movies.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books since Angels and Demons. Love them! I rarely read fiction but Brown's short chapters are perfect for nighttime reading. So with the Lost Symbol, I knew what I was getting into: Robert Langdon and a female lead, someone in distress that is facing a gruesome death, and lots of ancient mumbo-jumbo that keeps you in suspense until the last page- you think they've solved it, but WAIT!, there's more...conclude at last page.<br/><br/>I love how each one is well researched and reinterpreted for entertainment value. I always find new topics in Dan Brown's books that I want to research. I became interested in Noetic Science and decided to pick up a few books/researched a few sites about the topic because of this book.<br/><br/>I believe Dan Brown's books are well written for everyday people. He has a gift of taking complex concepts and simplifying them for everyday people- an undervalued trait in our society. I look forward to the next book!
 A year and a half ago a Freemason friend of mine expressed concern about a rumor that Dan Brown was writing a book about the Masons. He was worried that some of their secret rituals were going to be exposed to the public. I had forgotten all about that conversation until I was halfway through reading The Lost Symbol. Then it dawned on me that my friend's concerns were legitimate.<br/><br/>If you keep your eyes open there are innumerable places where the influence of Freemasonry on early America is unquestionably prominent. In my home state of Massachusetts the Masons have built countless public buildings including hospitals and schools. There is a Freemason Society in every other town up here. While their numbers have dwindled, their history is permanently tied to that of the Nation. So, should they fear this book? My answer is yes.<br/><br/>Plenty of stories have been written about the Masons but none so prominently as this. None have had the far reaching impact of the conversations that will come from this novel or the possibility of it becoming a film. While the Masons will never have anything to fear from most reasonable individuals, it is rather the new corporate/religiously driven dogma of political extremists who will try to use this information against their opponents should they have any links to the Masons. Our current political discourse is so brazen that nothing is left off the table. If we lose the Freemasons from the ranks of those in public service, it would indeed be a damaging blow to our country.<br/><br/>On the other hand, this book could be the boldest advertisement ever conceived for a society with secrets. It is quite possible that the unique descriptions of the Masonic rituals are edgy enough to draw in a whole new generation of brothers (And sisters for the Eastern Star). Maybe Dan Brown has reignited the organization that once made this nation great? All we can do is read what he created, watch how this plays out and hope for the best.
 With THE LOST SYMBOL, Dan Brown does what he does best:  he entertains us, he teaches us something, and he makes us THINK.  If a book can do just one of these things, then the book has done its job.  If it can do all three things, then it becomes a story to be remembered, ruminated over, and discussed, long after the reading is done.  THE LOST SYMBOL is just such a book.  Is THE LOST SYMBOL "Dan Brown formulaic?"  Absolutely.  But it is also a thrilling, suspenseful, edge-of-your-seat page turner that will keep you reading late into the night, your heart pounding in your chest, gasping at the possibilities.<br/><br/>In THE LOST SYMBOL, world renowned symbologist Robert Langdon is back, and this time his adventures take us to the heart of our nation, Washington DC.  Robert's dearest friend is missing, and only Robert and his unique knowledge can save him.  Robert must plunge into the world of our nation's founders, ancient history, and the iconic symbols of Masonry to solve an age old legend.  Can he do it in time?  Can Robert save his friend?  And perhaps the world?<br/><br/>I like Dan Brown's writing style; it suits me.  Short, sound-bite chapters with lots of action crammed in, keep the reader submerged in the story, not wanting to put THE LOST SYMBOL down.  In this day and age of over programmed lives, this style also lets me read in short bursts, during five minute breaks, and still feel like I have made progress.  These bursts of excitement also ensure that I return as soon as possible to read more.<br/><br/>Additionally, I enjoy the history lessons that are enmeshed in Dan Brown books.  I always learn something, and THE LOST SYMBOL certainly makes you look at things - both ordinary and famous, both historical and modern - in a whole new light.  After reading THE LOST SYMBOL, I, for one, would love to spend time in Washington DC, examining our national monuments and wandering the halls of the Smithsonian.  I don't know how much of what Dan Brown writes is true, how much is fiction, and how much is old information put together in new ways, but I don't care.  THE LOST SYMBOL makes me want to do the research and find out.<br/><br/>For an exciting roller coaster of a thriller, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE LOST SYMBOL.  It will leave you breathless and curious, which is a winning combination.<br/><br/>As a side note, the premise of this story surprisingly reminds me of another book, from another decade in a completely different genre.  I think readers of A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND by Robert A. Heinlein will find THE LOST SYMBOL strangely familiar.  While these two books are completely different in style and feel, the message is the same.  If you grok STRANGER, then you will grok THE LOST SYMBOL.  God groks.
 Dan Brown's unique ability to wrap an exciting fictional story around both real and controversial historical events has not only made him a rich man, but has created a cottage industry for other authors and producers seeking to satisfy the enormous public interest in the subject matter discussed within his books. His latest book, "The Lost Symbol", will surely stir up similar enthusiasm for historical investigation. Set in and around Washington, D.C., "The Lost Symbol" once again embroils Professor Robert Langdon in an action-packed thriller involving the United States Capitol Building, the Free Masons' role in founding this country, and a very, very scary villain.<br/><br/>If you're a fan of Dan Brown's previous books, you'll no doubt love "The Lost Symbol". Aside from being a pretty exciting story, it's filled with historical asides which make for interesting Wikipedia reading.
 It kept my attention the whole time, I always wanted to know what was happening next.  It changed points of view often towards the end but never in an annoying way.  I took off one star since it could be kind of preachy at times, the commentary dragged a few places. and he seemed to be a huge fan of the word 'esoteric'.  Overall, good book, piqued my interest in some new subjects.
 Very smart book. Much content based on truth. Really liked this book. Very entertaining and actually informative. Made me research some facts .
 Sadly, I bought The Lost Symbol when it first came out and the Amazon rating was 5 stars.  I should have waited for a few other brave readers to weigh in so the rating would be closer to reality.<br/><br/>Read the 1 and 2-star reviews and they all pretty well sum it up.  The book is long, slow and reads more like a history book with a paragraph of plot advancement every couple of pages.<br/><br/>I assume the history, and details around the Masons, is correct.  That was interesting for a while, but it got to be too much.<br/><br/>The description of Pod 5 was absurd.  A giant warehouse with a lab in the back corner.  The warehouse is too big to heat, so it's cold when you enter.  That's fine, but also dark???  The lab workers have to cross the expanse (a 90 second walk) in complete darkness?  Seriously?  Boeing manages to put lights in their massive warehouses.  Why couldn't this company?  I won't spoil it, but it turns out there is a lame reason why it's pitch black.<br/><br/>At one point Langdon needs to call Kathrine, but doesn't have her phone number.  He calls a 3rd party to get her number and calls her cell.  When the incoming call comes through she glances at her cell phone and the caller ID tells her it's Robert Langdon.  That would be pretty cool if cell phone actually had caller ID, but as of yet, they don't.<br/><br/>All in all, it's probably not a horrible book.  I was hoping for something comparable to DVC, so I was sorely disappointed.
 Dan Brown asserts that most master texts, and especially the the Bible are a road map on how man can become "god."  He uses John 1:1 - In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.<br/><br/>Brown makes a VERY sophomore mistake in reading ONLY that verse and not putting it into context.  "The Word" is the name given to Jesus Christ similar to how God calls Himself: "I AM."  John is making the case for the divinity of Jesus.  Brown's mistake is that he has only an elementary, second-hand knowledge of the Bible despite attempting to write a book about how he has special insight into the Scriptures that few others possess.  He takes "The Word" to be the written word which is what some people use to refer to the Bible (The Book).<br/><br/>Thus, his whole premise is ruined.  For me, this destroyed the literary spell you need to be under to enjoy the epic world-view in "The Lost Symbol."  I felt like I was being preached at by a typical pseudo-intellectual who thinks he has stumbled upon new Truth.  Dan Brown is the new L. Ron Hubbard.
 Let me preface this by stating I don't read a lot of books.  My main source of reading comes from magazines in the bathroom, calorie labels and street signs.  However, I was sucked into the Da Vinci Code hype and have read all of Dan Brown's books, enjoying each one.<br/><br/>So, when I heard that he had another novel out, I had to jump on it (or make that "Sit on it" because when you're 5-foot-6, you need something to help you see over the steering wheel).<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is typical Dan Brown, a mystery that leads Bobby Langdon (I get to call him Bobby because we're close) into Washington, D.C.  When I'm reading about all the secrets of the Nation's Capital it's very eye-opening and I was thinking to myself that Brown is making this stuff up.  He's a terrific writer and you won't be disappointed but after the climax the book just goes on and on.  Trim the final 50 pages or so of this book and it would be a 4-5 star book.  Not the best I have ever read but still a solid effort by the man who loves turtlenecks.
 I recently read Dan Brown's new novel. It was a great disappointment; similar in style to the previous DaVinci code, but worse, with more foul language profanity, and a whitewash of the dark side of Freemasonry, with very little light about the secrets of Freemasonry. Nothing about how the Freemasonry secrecy oaths often lead to criminal conspiracies involving Freemasons; not to mention its intent to destroy and replace Christianity. Furthermore, Dan Brown either does not understand the Lost Word symbolism of Freemasonry, or he is being intentionally deceptive, a common trait of Freemasonry.
 I didn't enjoy this nearly as much as Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons. I had trouble putting Dan Brown's other books down, often reading huge chunks in one sitting, and Lost Symbol I didn't mind taking huge breaks from. It also felt like there were more endings than LOTR, I kept thinking it was done and then there would be another chapter. Dragged on a bit.
 The Lost Symbol has elements similar to Brown's previous books: people chasing around deciphering things, supposed disaster looming, a demonic villain, grotesque assaults, etc.  I get the impression he's throwing crumbs to the masses--give them what they want, what they expect: some Brown-type pulp in an automatic best-seller.  He makes a lot of money; I can't fault his financial acumen.  But as writing, as a novel, The Lost Symbol is not good and would not be published if it were by a lesser-known author.  The plot and situations are very implausible, most of the characters are thin cardboard, their actions often illogical.  The pace is sometimes fast, often slow to dead, with annoying repetition and long superfluous passages.  There are loads of breathless descriptions of buildings in Washington, plenty of praise for "ancient wisdom" and the Masons, but for a quality story and writing one must look elsewhere.
 First a comment to Gavinstomp-Does something have to be factual and a "real science" to be in a work of fiction?  Yes, the Institute of Noetic Sciences does exist.  Yes, they are doing on-going experiments.  But there isn't a Katherine Solomon.  Nor is there a lab at the Smithsonian dedicated to such experiments.  You must have really hated the Da Vinci Code because that to was a work of fiction based on a few real people from history!<br/>Ok, now my review.  This was a decent read.  Some parts were better than others, I did find myself wanting to read more in some parts and other parts of the book were a let down.  It did seem like there were parts of the book that just dragged on.  And some parts of the book were typical Dan Brown, the running here and there, getting to a location only to find out they needed to be somewhere else.  But all in all, an enjoyable read.  A bit of a diversion from every day life.
 I found it interesting that there is such a wide range of ratings for The Lost Symbol.  Many 1's, 2's, 3's, 4's and 5's.  How could a book possibly elicit so many diverse opinions?<br/>Perhaps people are rating this book from different perspectives.  OK.  Why not?<br/>From the perspective of whether it is a bestseller the rating must be 5.  Number 1 on Amazon's list of best selling books.<br/>From the view of whether it is entertaining, I enjoyed the book if I often suspended further belief with a smile.  Much to take not too seriously, but it was fun.  I gave it a 4.<br/>Are the writing skills great?  Does the The Lost Symbol have the wit and wisdom of a Robert Parker novel?  Probably not.  Gave it a 3.<br/>So the statistician in me took the average and calculated a 4.  Didn't even have to take off my shoes to do the math.
 I listened to the unabridged audio edition of this one and I was alternatively bored and disgusted by this book.  There really isn't a lot going on here. The hero spends his time chatting to various people, running around being pursued or we are forced to relive flashbacks with the crazy tattooed bad guy that I just found myself losing interest. I don't much care for crazed mentally deranged badguys, to begin with, and not only do we have to watch him, we are forced to share his POV, and learn how he came to be that way.  I could care less. I wanted to hear about the mystery and the puzzles and less about the crazy insane dude.<br/><br/>I gave up sometime after the scene where Robert is nearly drowned. I found the story too dark and depressing and I just didn't find it worth the effort of listening to, to discover the ending of the mystery.
 I didn't mind reading the book, but afterwards I had the following reactions:<br/><br/>1) The book is stuffed with unnecessary scenes and conversations; you could argue that about 1\2 of the book could be edited out.<br/><br/>2) Lousy characters:  Only the atagonist, Mal'akh, holds some interest as someone who has turned to the dark side.  The other characters are only place-holders, characters who exist to play a role in the story, but no one you'd like to meet, talk to, or ever see again.  Key point:  Director Sato, a sterotypical Japanese no-nonsense cigarette-smoking interrogator.  By the end of the long story, we know nothing new about her.  The same goes for Bellany, the Solomon siblings, and the rest of the characters.<br/><br/>3) Failed premise:  There is a secret word that holds the power of all wisdom buried somewhere, and everyone is trying to find it before Mal'akh does and becomes all powerful.  The conclusion shows the 'secret word' to be something so benign and common-place that there is no way it could be seen as earth-shattering to anyone. Even if it could be argued that the 'secret word' could help mankind, the fact is this 'word' has been studied and followed by billions of people for thousands of years, hardly anything lost or symbolic about it.  That the American Masons of the mid-19th century would create a labyrinth of encrypted clues to hide something so obvious strains belief (and disappoints the reader at the end of the book.)<br/><br/>4) Better movie than book:  Actually, I think the book will make a better movie than it does a read.  By slicing and dicing the story and eliminating the ponderous language and repetition that taints the book, the movie might be sharper, even though the end will no doubt be weak.  Bringing Mal'akh to life in all his tattooed, murderous glory should work well on screen.<br/><br/>In short, if you're a fan of Dan Brown, go ahead and read this book.  You might find part of it intriguing.  Otherwise, be prepared for a long, mostly 'filler' story that might just disappoint you.
 There is not a whole lot to say about this book because there wasn't anything new in it.  After this book, I will not buy another Dan Brown novel.  The formula for The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons worked twice, so a third time must be charm.  Right? Wrong!  The formula:  (Robert Langdon/Tom Hanks + Beautiful Damsel in Distress whom he never lays + Previous professional contact/associate/professor of Langdon's in serious distress (or dead) and is related to the beautiful damsel who is also in distress - Bad Guy - Some official working against Langdon albeit unintentionally) and all that is divided by some secret cult = Bestseller for Dan Brown.<br/><br/>I am the type of person who feels obligated to read every word when I commit to a book because that's what I do, commit.  Some writers put their heart and soul into creating these stories and, therefore, deserve my attention.  This book was a snooze fest because as I previously said, it contained nothing new so I felt like I had already read it.  I sped read it just to get it over.  I wish I had just put the book down and stepped away.<br/><br/>I've heard it said that there are no new stories, but to simply write the same one over and over again is just laziness.<br/><br/>Ya bored me dude.
 I really enjoyed Angels &amp; Demons, as well as the Da Vinci Code.  I do not mind that his writing style lacks any sense of style or complexity.  However, while reading this book, at times I felt like Dan Brown was hammering me over the head with his points.  I won't spoil anything - but one twist involving the villains past - is so heavily telegraphed that I didn't need to wait until 300 pages later for it to be revealed.  Further, the fast pace of Dan Brown's previous books is completely lost here.  The book meanders in history lectures for long segments - and they completely interrupt the pacing.  The one saving grace of this book - the information about Washington DC is fascinating.  Dan Brown knows how to conduct research and I learned a lot about where I live.  So to summarize, here's the basic weaknesses and strengths of this book<br/><br/>  Thrill Level:  Weak - The final "secret" is disappointing and I never really much cared about the mystery because it seemed too far-fetched.  Langdon acts like a big wet blanked throughout the story - insisting that the legend is false.  And another problem - the impending "disaster" that the villain plans to concoct - when that was revealed I felt cheated - because it was quite tame.  Worse things happen during one episode of "24" than this "disaster."<br/><br/>  Background Facts:  Strong - Dan Brown weaves together an interesting portait of Washington's secrets, geography, and history.  His information about the secret societies was interesting as well - however it truly felt silly to read about "Noetic science" as if it were something were a serious discipline.<br/><br/>  Length:  Weak - As others have indicated, whoever Dan Brown hired as his editor should be ashamed of him/herself.  This book was entirely too long, with whole chapters that felt unnecessary.  For example, the first 80 pages seemed to be an extended prologue, in order to introduce each character, and "noetic science".  And the final 60 pages seems to drone on for far too long.  And in the middle, we are given far too much background story on Solomon's past.  Brown seems to think his readers are quite stupid, and that each character's past needs to be hammered over &amp; over again.<br/><br/>  Characters:  Medium - Langdon doesn't seem to be as active as a character in this book.  He solves a few puzzles here and there, but much of the book is devoted to following the villain and a couple side characters.  The villain is comically evil, but that's okay because it builds on the mystery of his motivation.  The standard Dan Brown "beautiful but brilliant woman" serves her purpose as expected, though the character is fairly superficial.<br/><br/>  Puzzles:  Strong - The puzzles that Langdon does solve along the way are interesting, and they stimulate the reader to continue along to find the solutions.  However as stated previously, the last solution is so blaise that the journey feels anticlimatic.<br/><br/>Overall, the book is a mess.  It has some promise if someone could eliminate about 200 pages from it - however even without those 200 pages there are still inherent weaknesses.  I recommend spending your time on a different book.  Pick up a book on the masonic history of DC and you'll get the best of what this book offers.
 I very much enjoyed this book and stayed up late several nights to finish reading this.<br/>The symbols described in this book caught and held my interest.<br/>I would definitely recommend reading this book
 Combining symbology, codes, and religion Robert Langdon is again at the center of a mystery.  Again, there is an implacable enemy and a race against the clock.<br/>In my opinion, Brown tried too hard to work in the idea of noetics and turn it into more of a respectable science.<br/>Still, a nice popcorn read.
 I was so excited to read this when it came out. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-and-Demons-Robert-Langdon-s-First-Adventure/dp/B002CF0GP0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels and Demons (Robert Langdon's First Adventure)</a> and <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/1400079179/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>are two of my favorite books.  I've read each of them at least 7 times if not more, so I couldn't wait for this one to come out.  Unfortunetley it just didn't work for me.<br/><br/>To me it seems Dan Brown had a cookie cutter outline for all three books.  With the first two it was fine, but by the third it just made the book predictable.  As it was I figured out the AH HA moment less then half way through the book.  Then I kept wondering what happened to Robert Langdon...it seemed between The DaVinci Code and this one that he lost some of his intelligence.  I felt like he had to constantly look to someone else to explain what was going on.  It got annoying after a while.<br/><br/>Basically I'm just glad I borrowed the book from my father and didn't spend money on it.  This is one I will defintely not read again.
 I had just sat down at "my" table in the mall restaurant, taken this book out of my bag and placed it on the book-stand, I had set up on the table, when the guy in the next booth leaned over and said. "That is a GREAT book". Presumably that is closer to popular view than is that of the average reviewer previously published by Amazon.<br/>Unfortunately, I am more in line with the Amazon minority than with the vast majority of readers.<br/>Briefly, the chase, the thriller part, works well; one gets caught up by the characters and situation, and is gripped by the desire to see how it all works out. Despite, his lack of the literary flair possessed by many others in the field, he carries one through the story.<br/>Speaking only for myself, there is one big problem, the "symbology"; confronted by all the double-helixes, cross-hyperbs, macra-mishmashes, pseudo-hassenfaffers, my eyes glaze over, my mind seeks escape in sleep. My solution to this  dilemma is to skip through page after page until I get to more action. I would guess that I ended up reading perhaps half the book with sufficient enjoyment to recommend the book to others (on condition that they do the same that I did). In doing so, I must admit, they will avoid learning what it is that made Brown one of the seven wonders of the publishing world, with a million copies of this book sold on its first sale day and more than five million copies sold by the end of 2009. With that kind of appeal, on top of the mega-sales of The Da Vinci Code, Brown does well to ignore any advice on writing I might have provided.<br/>In sum, I would tell the potential reader to borrow the book, read it as it came from the author's hand, and make your own judgment. It is a phenomenon;  one might just as well participant in it. However, if the urge does come over you to skip a page or two, here or there, be assured that you are not the only one to be so moved. If you find it engrossing, you are in the company of the vast majority who have found it to be a splendid read.
 For starters, I really, really liked (95%) of this book. I couldn't read it fast enough (in a good way) and was reminded why Mr. Brown is an absolute joy to read. I read Da Vinci Code years ago, and more recently picked up Angels &amp; Demons (stay FAR away from the movies please!!!!!!!!!) Loved A&amp;D, and so I was excited to receive this book by surprise and enter into Mr. Brown's world. I was reminded why I love reading him so much, as he constantly had me up until 1:30am saying, "Ok the next chapter is just two pages, one more chapter" which I started saying at 12am... His writing is wonderful and I really enjoyed the rollercoaster ride through Washington, D.C. I was constantly trying to guess which side certain characters were on, and thought that his antagonist Mal'akh was brilliant.<br/><br/>Unfortunately (at least for me this is a bit of a negative) I could see the plot twist coming about halfway through the book as to Mal'akh's true identity and intentions...and maybe Mr. Brown wrote it that way (there is some allusion to this)...but for me this is a negative, albeit a forgivable one.<br/><br/>So, up until now I loved this book to death and enjoyed reading almost every second of it.<br/><br/>The negatives:<br/><br/>The conclusion seemed a bit of a letdown given that it took 480 hardcover pages to get there, which is quite a lot of reading! I thought the finale was a bit rushed, but again was able to forgive Mr. Brown this because he is a fantastic writer. However, I had to force myself to skim the last 20-30 pages, which was terribly unfortunate. After the conclusion of course there is the matter of wrapping up what the Lost Symbol is. I found this to be horribly boring and terribly preachy, as Mr. Brown knew he had his readers and it was akin to saying "I have you now, so let me ram my agenda in your face.) It wasn't religiously preachy, just...ideologically and theologically preachy...and BORING. No Mr. Brown I don't really care about your world view and about how everything is united as evidenced by your main character's diatribes in the end of the book. While I appreciated that this book stayed away from being religiously preachy...I just couldn't handle the last 20 or so pages. Utterly boring and unnecessary.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown, I loved your book, but if it were perhaps 20-30 pages shorter, I would have been much happier and felt less cheated - and also this was the ONLY time his agenda and viewpoints really shone through as people would expect.<br/><br/>So, in sum, loved the book, hated the last 20-30 pages of it. If you're ok with that, and you should be, it's a great read that I would recommend, just don't tell anyone that the ending kind of stinks.
 ... can Robert Langdon possibly emphasize that the target of his search-- the portal leading to the pyramid leading to the Ancent Mystery whatever-- is metaphorical, not literal? And how many times can he do it in ITALICS? (Here typed in all-caps.)<br/><br/>Well, let's see.<br/><br/>Page 117: '"You're saying the secret he believes is hidden in Washington... is a FANTASY?"<br/>Langton nodded. "A very old myth."'<br/><br/>Page 118: '"Let's just say I'm a skeptic," he told Sato. "I have never seen anything in the real world to suggest the xxx is anything other than legend-- a recurring mythological archetype."<br/><br/>Page 119: '"So you believe the xxx is a METAPHOR."<br/>"Of course," said Langton.'<br/><br/>Page 186: '"I AM familiar with the legend, Director, but it's pure fantasy... one of DC's most recurring myths."'<br/><br/>And in case you weren't sure yet,<br/><br/>Page 187: '"Again, I stress this is all myth,"'<br/><br/>But wait! There's more!<br/><br/>Page 188: '"Obviously you don't believe that such a xxx exists."<br/>"Of course not," Langdon replied. "There's no evidence whatsoever..."'<br/><br/>This is the same xxx as last time, by the way.<br/><br/>Page 189: '"By ANY name, the xxx is a fairy tale. It's purely fantasy."'<br/><br/>On page 234 he reaches a breakthrough: 'IT"S A MYTH, FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE!'<br/><br/>And rises to rhapsodic heights on page 241: '"You're chasing a MYTH!... The xxx is FICTION."'<br/><br/>But on page 270 he does away with his doubt once and for all: '"...it is always referred to as the LEGEND of the xxx. LEGEND implies that it is mythical."'<br/><br/>On page 359, shockingly, he admits: '"All night, I've had the feeling we're treating as reality a collection of myths and allegories."' No! Say it ain't so! But then he delivers the killing blow: '"Maybe the inscription is pointing to a METAPHORICAL..."' Gosh, really? Well, that came out of nowhere. But on page 360 we gain a deeper insight as to why he may feel this way, when he reveals, '"it seems to be more METAPHORICAL than..."'<br/><br/>At this point  another character breaks in and tries to rap poor Langdon across the head. '"No, the map is quite real, I assure you. And it points to a very REAL location."'<br/><br/>You'd think the emphasis on REAL would help Langdon to understand just how REAL it is. But no, there are some minds that even an overabundance of italics won't change.<br/><br/>On page 410 Langdon cleverly slips in, '"Apparently the xxx is more of a METAPHORICAL map than a geographic one."'<br/><br/>And then on page 411 he reminds us, '"As I mentioned--'" did he mention it? I hadn't noticed, better remind me-- '"the map seems to be more FIGURATIVE than--"<br/>"You're mistaken..."' says yet another character trying to point out what even the most brain-dead reader must have guessed by now. "The xxx is a REAL map. It points to a REAL location."' If this sounds familiar, yes, these lines are nearly identical to the ones on page 360. Or rather, I should say, they ARE nearly identical.<br/><br/>But on page 557 there is no end of a shock when we discover '"There is no actual XXX. It's all a metaphor-- a SYMBOL of the xxx."'<br/><br/>Okay, so by this point we're all pretty sure the xxx will turn out to be literal after all. But Langdon may still have just a little problem with this...<br/><br/>Page 612: '"The xxx... is not a legend. It is a REALITY."<br/>Langdon stared... "You're saying you believe the xxx is REAL... and that it has actual POWER?"'<br/><br/>Breakthrough! Maybe we can finally finish with the denial!<br/><br/>Or maybe not.<br/><br/>On page 614, Langdon says, '"this is an allegorical pictogram. Clearly its language is metaphorical and symbolic rather than literal."'<br/><br/>Well. I didn't see that one coming, did you? Around page 618 Dan Brown despairs of getting the idea into our thick skulls using such subtle methods, and is driven to assure us outright that 'Langdon was having trouble taking any of this seriously'. And in case you still didn't understand, page 639 might mention that 'Langdon was having a hard time accepting it.'<br/><br/>Okay, I'm getting tired of typing out all these quotes. By the way, I left out the lines where Langdon is just referred to as a skeptic, or refuses to believe something, or says he's on a wild goose chase. I tried to only focus on the lines which made the specific point about the mystical pyramid quest being a metaphor (a METAPHOR) rather than a literal (LITERAL) quest.<br/><br/>And what is up with the annoying italics? Is it really necessary to emphasize that the desk was BEHIND the door, or that the pot is a PASTA pot, or that something fluttered AWAY from the room?<br/><br/>And then the science is just plain wrong. At one point a character seriously suggests that thoughts have mass, and... '"If a thought has mass, then a thought exerts gravity and can pull things towards it."' Or, with a random and patronizing sprinkling of italics: '"And BECAUSE this grain of sand has mass, it therefore exerts GRAVITY."' (As George Eliot put it, I hope that these italics assist the reader's comprehension.) I wouldn't mind the silliness of this whole thing if it weren't for the claim, made at the beginning of the book, that all the science is real. All I'm saying is, even if your thoughts could influence the world around you, they wouldn't do so through gravity. Not unless the power revealed by Noetic Science is something like the ablity to attract meteorites towards your head. I think there's a basic misunderstanding of the definition of gravity here.<br/><br/>My review's dragging on a bit, so I'll end it here. On the bright side, this book is a light read-- and even if you don't feel like reading it, you can use it for a game of 'Find the phrase with the most UNNECESSARY italics'. Play with your friends! It's fun! My favorite candidates are: "might I ask about the ETHICAL dilemma posed by your work?" (they weren't talking about any other kinds of dilemmas), '"it is worn by the Mason in charge of PROTECTING the xxx"' (they weren't talking about any other Masonic tasks), and '"As I'm sure you know, there is a historical and symbolic REASON"' (he never suggested that there wasn't a reason, and as a matter of fact he already knows it, so why emphasize REASON? Your guess is as good as mine.)
 The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown is a real treat for puzzle lovers.  It is a well written mystery with tight suspense and a villain who will scare your socks off.  I liked this story even better than The DaVinci Code.  Woven within the story are all sorts of unusual architectural wonders and the historical, religious and fraternal rituals they relate too.  The story also tells the reasons why some of the nation's Capital buildings were built as they were, explaining the mystical mind set of our country's founders.  The last chapters involve a debate between the characters about the relevance of ancient religious books and modern science that I found very interesting.  This book is a mind boggling experience that should not be attempted without a good supply of comfort food, multiple beverages and pillows because you won't be able to stop reading until you turn that last page.
 A good, page-turning tale until it turns into a tedious theology lesson. Then the rationale becomes all too clear: a deep narrative on the strength of Brown's personal belief system. Stick to the adventure, Dan. You spin a good yarn, but I'm not ready to buy what you are selling.
 The lead up in the plot gathers momentum quickly, promising a crisis if world proportions that must be averted. A video of top US leaders behaving like good old fraternity boys is hardly a mystery much less a crisis.<br/><br/>Several instances of contrived plot events. No spoilers here, you will notice them.<br/><br/>Brown writes well enough to engage the reader on nearly every page. The story is packed with trivia. Fun to read but a bit if a let down in the end.
 In general, this book was a major disappointment after reading the Davinci Code and Angels and Demons. The story really just felt too formulaic.  Also, most of the characters seemed very two dimensional.  The antagonist was depicted as a cartoonishly evil and almost omnipotent freak--not really believable.<br/><br/>The highlights of the book were: a few of the many plot twists, the mostly fair, informative and generally accurate portrayal of Freemasonry, and a minor portion of the philosophical insights. Though, I don't think I can ever stand to see the word "apotheosis" again.<br/><br/>A mistake I made was to read this book after reading the beautifully and painstaking written Name of the Rose, by Umberto Eco.  This book can simply not be compared to Eco's work.  Umberto artfully immerses you into the complex world of the book while, in this book, Brown seeming knocks you over the head and then drags you through it.  The last 100 pages or so of the book were simply not well put together. I even found myself skimming some of the final chapters because of the redundancy.  It seems like the product of someone who was working to a strict publisher deadline and just wanted to be complete.
 I enjoyed reading the book quite a bit. I saw most of the plot twists coming before they happened, but i normally do in books and movies so that may not be a good judgment on the book itself. I thoroughly enjoyed reading the book, and finished it in 4 days. for me that is a very interesting read. The book has some darker tones to it that might not be suitable for everyone, such as torture, murder, and dismemberment.<br/><br/>I really enjoyed the reference to factual things and places. The moral to the story at the end is also very potent and something that should be taken to heart.<br/><br/>Highly recommended read :)
 If anything, Dan Brown is a vivid storyteller. It's the way he tells the story that can either be so wonderful (Da Vinci Code) or rather mundane (The Lost Symbol).<br/><br/>This story is interested, albeit a bit too long for its content. Cut 100 pages and this might have the same pacing as Da Vinci Code. But, alas, it doesn't, and here we have it in all its bulk. And the massive use of italics is enough to drive you batty.<br/><br/>It's worth reading at, say $9 (read the news), but not worth running out and buying like a couple million of us already have at regular price.
 My father, grandfather, uncles and brothers were/are Masons.  My Dad was a 33rd degree Mason, so the possibility that there is evil intent in Freemasonry is such a foreign concept to me. When the reason for the CIA's involvement becomes clear, all I could think was, "How ridiculous."<br/><br/>That said, "The Lost Symbol" was typical Dan Brown.  The plot moves at a furious pace, there is little character development, and Langdon gets the bad guy.  I enjoyed all of his books because they teach as well as entertain.<br/><br/>In my mind, Brown will have a difficult time writing a novel better than "The DaVinci" code.
 Unfortunately, the new book by Dan Brown is a massive letdown. I don't have a problem if an author is sticking to a sucessful formula, but in "The Lost Symbol" Brown really only changes the setting of the plot and some minor details. The set of characters - good and evil - stays almost the same.<br/><br/>The book's major problem is that Brown is not very good at inventing a coherent story. The plot in "Symbol" is paper-thin, actually almost nothing really happens despite some uninteresting and seen-before running through Washington (which unlike Rome or Paris in the previous books never really comes to life). Characters act like they are stupid to no end - worst of all Langdon, who after all he's seen in the last book still can't believe that they're after some big secret (almost as if he's read the final pages of the book himself) and always starts discussing this with the other characters, something that's boring the first time but happens endlessly throughout the book. Also, the information dumping at times almost gets unbearable. Even minor and uninteresting facts are explained in unnecessary detail and these lectures make the book very boring very fast.<br/><br/>The biggest mistake Brown makes - and one that every other writer would probably be asked to rewrite by his publisher - is the identity of the bad guy. This is a plot twist obvious beyond belief. I really don't get why no one said 'Come on, every kid is going to notice from the beginning who this is!'...<br/><br/>The book takes a few pages / chapters (that's almost the same with Dan Brown books) to start getting interesting, but for some hundred pages near the middle makes for a good page turner. The story does take a turn for the worse pretty fast after that though, and the ending is horrible and laughable at best. I really almost couldn't read the last 30 pages, they were so boring and stupid.<br/><br/>That being said, the book is not the worst of all time. It has its weaknesses and is full of wasted chances, but manages to remain entertaining for most of the time. Maybe if someone else had invented a good story and Brown had only done research and some writing, this would certainly have been better.<br/><br/>If you're a fan of Brown, you may enjoy this book, altough to a much lesser extent than the previous one. But for most people it will be a big disappointment.
 In just a few short sentences, please allow me to express that this book was just plain garbage. From a subject perspective - not interesting. From a style perspective - elementary (it reads like a high school student wrote this). The tension in the book - based solely on McGuffins - if you can believe that! The characters - somehow are all unintelligent. Not only unintelligent, but stubborn and irrational as well. The plot was also unbelievable and on the border of insulting. For example, we're expected to believe that a character can attack a CIA director, with a weapon, and assist in the escape of a suspect, resist arrest, and a few chapters later become a part of the team (with said CIA director) to help solve a national crisis (which, incidentally, is the release of a video to the news)! In another act of incredulity, we're expected to believe that after a man is held captive for days, gets his hand chopped off, witnesses several attempted murders and the death of a loved one, and once said man is freed, he will casually travel around the city imparting lessons of wisdom and marvels to another man (who died of drowning hours earlier but was revived because he drowned in miracle fluid). Pure rubbish.<br/><br/>I found myself rolling my eyes and saying "Aw, come on!" so many times throughout this book. If you value your time, and expect for authors to respect your sensibilities, don't go near this one.
 It was a good read. I started slow but then the book drew me in, and frankly, I just wanted to finish it. It's a long one indeed. The scrambling from place to place and deciphering stuff is all too much of a copy-down from Da Vinci Code days. I know that's the genre, but it's a little too close for my own liking. At least with say Digital Fortress, Dan explored a new kind of fast-pace problem.<br/>The end of the book (I won't tell don't worry) is a little tacky, in that it brings to bear a sense of the current political changes we see (ie new President).<br/>One other point: This is fiction, but I'm sure, like his other books, people will take it to be solid-gold fact about the true world we all see. It isn't, folks. A hefty supposition or two is made about spirituality and it might disturb some people. The idea about the nature of the soul that the book touches on has actually been discredited in science. So read this as fiction: It's still good, not Dan's best, but is worth the purchasing price. Just don't take it seriously. Even if we think the idea is true that powerful people network together, well, it shouldn't surprise us so much should it? Throughout eons humans have done this same behavior, foolishly or to great effect, and I think that is the book's other message.<br/>Of course you may find other 'messages' or 'morals' from it. Happy reading!
 I felt it really left you waiting for the "Oh wow I didn't see that coming" and the "Oh now it all makes sense moment". I was waiting for the second bad guy like in Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, after the bad guy died. Seeing the "I'm your father Luke" twist coming a mile away long before that bombshell was dropped, made for almost dull reading. The long drawn out ending that didn't tell what the whole mystery was about, and left you with a "what was that all about" feeling really made it not recommendable in my opinion.
 Fully knowing that this book was being read out of order, I bought it largely because it was being clearanced from a "going out of business" sale. Boy! What a steal! Now I'm back tracking to Angels and Demons and TDVC (knowing full well the book is superlative to the movie). I truly thought my loving wife was going to fight me for this book before I could fininsh it. It was great! Having had an uncle that was a 33rd degree Mason made this experience even a bit more interesting. The twists and turns were great and I know just the person to cast in Sato's part in the likely event this should ever be made into a movie. But of course, like TDVC, a movie could never do justice to the written word. Great job Mr. Brown. Keep up the good work as you have a new fan.
 As a text book relating historical events about the Masons or depicting the symbolism incorporated into the<br/>construction of many of the buildings and memorials in Washington D.C., the book had some merit. The plot,<br/>however,was very weak and the ending was beyond disappointing. Dan Brown needs to lighten up on the various<br/>symbols and codes that have dominated his most famous books, and make certain that he has created a cohesive<br/>plot which he can develop, before he starts another book. He really is a good writer, but this book was mostly<br/>a 500 page waste of time.
 I have read all of the Robert Langdon installments of Brown's work and while they have succeeded in giving me a decent amount of entertainment, I don't feel like I've ever really been awed.  Oh sure, the ending of the Da Vinci Code was "shocking", but at the end of the day it didn't rock my world.  I think the reason for this, especially in the case of this latest installment, is that Brown relies to heavily on the formula he's concocted to drive his plots along the way.<br/><br/>Moreover, it just isn't feasible to believe that this one simple college professor has such a wealth of knowledge that he can solve all the world's mysteries with very little help.  In this novel more than others, Langdon came off as highly pretentious and relatively unsympathetic.  This also showed were in the minor characters who were introduced...  Each one had a higher degree of knowledge than the next and by the end of the book it just felt like they were all trying to one-up each other.<br/><br/>Which leads me to the ending...  Wow.  Without giving anything away, I'll just say this: It felt like Brown knew he was about to miss a deadline and just said to himself, "OK, I just spent 400 pages building up but now I need to find the quickest route from Point A to Point B.  Oh, there it is."  There are hardly words that I can think of to describe how disappointed I was with the last 150 pages or so of this book.  Horrible!
 Loved the Da Vinci Code, despite the controversy, liked very much Angels and Demons and was mostly bored silly by The Lost Symbol. Its feels recycled and plodding. Da Vinci was so exciting and moved like lightening. Maybe the character of Langdon is burned out, but it felt really slow and false. Still there are interesting bits and enjoyable semantic revelations, but as a whole it was not nearly as good as his previous work. The revelation of the villain at the end (figured it out hundreds of pages prior) had the feel of a Scooby Doo episode where the villain is unmasked at the end.
 A fun book to read, yet a bit longer than it should be. The science is somewhat shakey, but one realizes that this is a novel, and the writer can take liberty with facts. Since the hub of Brown's book is the antagonist, after his demise it ahould not drag on as much as it does, it soon becomes anti-climatic.<br/>Not knowing very much about the Masons, and realizing that this is a book of fiction, a non-Mason reader either gathers a great deal of knowledge, or is filled with a myth about what Masonary is, does, and what it represents. If nothing else, unless one has knowledge of the subject, the book leaves the reader awed by the Masons, and by the impressive membership of that organization.<br/>Having once had a brother-in-law who was a Mason, it is difficult for me to visualize how a person such as he, could subscribe to the rituals Dan brown describes. Since it is common knowledge that many Masons occupy important places in society, Brown leaves the reader wonder how such intelligent people can accept some of the strange behavior that he attributes to that organization.<br/>In spit of some of the detailed gore, the book is enjoyable; and if Dan Brown's description of the Masons, their rituals, and their purpose, is accurate, one is left wondering what are the appropriate beliefs and behavioral guidelines of "civilized" society.<br/>The main shortcoming of the book is its anti-climatic ending which spans some 10% of the total work, but that could have been accomplished in a very few pages...
 After looking forward to reading this book I must say I was very disappointed.  The plot drags on without any real definition of characters and the villain is easily identifiable by the middle of the story.  The ending is very weak and provides no real tangible meaningful resolution of the story.  There are symbols of symbols of symbols but eventually too much boring data that sometimes have relevance to the characters and plot and often do not.  The same novel could have been written in 290 pages not 500.  I could not recommend this effort but if you are really interested I would wait for the less expensive paperback edition.
 This is the first Dan Brown book I've read and I admit I had high expectations when I started, after hearing all the hype. The flow of the book was okay- the flashbacks seemed to happen at the most inconvenient moments and I often found myself checking to see how many pages to go until the action picks back up. The writing was also very repetitive, which I found annoying as it's really not difficult to look in a thesaurus if you can't think of any other words to use. Wouldn't an editor notice that flaw? I also found the main character, Robert Langdon, rather weak. He actually did a whole lot of nothing in the entire book. Everyone else did all the thinking and the work and he was just kind of along for the ride, shrugging his shoulders.<br/>Also, if the ending wasn't anti-climatic, I don't know what is. It was rather unsatisfying.<br/>However, if you switch your brain off and don't give it too much thought it does have some entertainment value.
 OK, it's a Dan Brown book, so going in you already know 3 things:<br/><br/>1. It will give you info on some interesting stuff you might have been curious about (in this case, the Masons, Noetics, decoding symbols)<br/>2. It will have a somewhat cheesy plot<br/>3. It will be quite entertaining<br/><br/>"The Lost Symbol" does not disappoint on any of these 3 things. I have read all of his other books, and I would put this one up there with "Angels &amp; Demons" and "Digital Fortress." Some of the revelations at the end were a bit of a letdown (really? *That's* why the CIA lady was so concerned about "national security"? seems unlikely). Some of the stuff about "god within"...well, I don't entirely agree with Brown's godless religion, but I do think he puts together an interesting and compelling story. I liked especially all the stuff with how they figure out the secret codes.
 The book was engaging from the beginning to the end. Keeps you guessing that the book will end differently than you think.
 I’ve fortunately read many of Brown’s books, and I enjoyed his work.  He weaves a good story and keeps his readers involved.
 This book held my interest all the way through to the last page, and I can't say that for very many authors. From a writer's standpoint, this is a well crafted book, and Dan doesn't get tired at the end and cut it off, but the book is full and rich to the very end, and has a satisfying ending. The research Dan did is amazing. I think Dan Brown is to this genre of fiction what Steven Spielburg is to movies. This book is a must read if you like be taken on a wild ride, and have your assertions challenged every step of the way.
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books and couldn't wait for the release of The Lost Symbol. Though it started out with the usual excitement and intrigue of his other books, it seemed to rely increasingly on the unbelievable as the book progressed. There were several times when I actually threw the book down and said "this is just ridiculous" out loud. My husband asked which part I had just read, and then agreed with me. Having said that, I still recommend this book; the author gives an incredible amount of information about the symbols and religious origins of our nation.
 I am shocked by the low reviews of The Lost Symbol.  I've read all of Dan Brown's books and The Lost Symbol ranks right next to The DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons.  Everything presented in this book is highly plausible, if not true.  I love the quick, easy-to-read chapters - nearly all of which end in cliffhangers!  The twist at the end was completely unexpected and I really enjoyed the turn it took.<br/><br/>I believe a lot of people who have strong religious convictions will have trouble reading this book with an open mind.  Perhaps the most startling assertion is that man is created in God's image, not physically but in the mind.  The secret of the Masons lies in the Bible, Koran, Torah, etc. and that they tell two stories: one that most common men can understand, and another one that only truly enlightened men can understand.  For example, it tells of the story of manna falling from heaven.  The common man would take this to mean that some type of bread or nourishing food fell from the skies, however the enlightened man understands that manna is in fact a waxlike substance secreted by the brain when in a meditative trance that nourishes the body and that the brain/mind is actually where heaven is.<br/><br/>If you like fast-paced and mysterious books about secret societies and solving codes, I highly recommend The Lost Symbol.
 I read all the other books in the series, thinking that the last book would be just as thrilling. However, my assumption turned out to be incorrect. It was lacking in both plot tension, and character development. When it comes to Robert Langdon, we readers expect him to exhibit the same clever and endearing qualities that he always gave without fail. Now, he has been reduced to being a bumbling fool who refuses to acknowledge anything the other characters say. He repeats the same arguments almost word for word in every chapter. The villain, however, may be given a little too much "screen time". We as readers love a complex antagonist with depth as well as mystique; but, the author seems to have been trying a bit too hard. Basically half the novel is reading about Mal'ak's past. The problem with that is that after we learned everything about him, what he did still didn't make since. There are many other alternatives to his actions, and since he is supposedly such a genius, he should have been able to think of them! Lastly, I have to address the science and logic of the book. Part of the appeal of the series has always been that the series of events is possible, and that all of the logic is sound to the readers. This time, it is featuring Noetics. This field is a vague science that most people are skeptical about. It's painful to see the protagonists drawn in by such a shady area in the academic field. In reality, most people would agree that there are many mistakes and logical jumps in the current assertions of Noetics. The biggest problem with the book's use of it is that most of the so called jumps in Noetics have already, allegedly, occurred. There are scientists saying the exact same, apparently groundbreaking, things. Sadly, these scientists are almost universally considered quacks speaking to the gullible. If you believe in Noetics, I assume it will be a much more enjoyable journey than I had. For the people who want to see what becomes of Langdon, read at your own risk. Afterwards, I wouldn't be very surprised to hear you say it was a waste of time.
 Enough was said in the reviews before this one. The ratings make a strong point for the letdown Dan Brown's fans are feeling.<br/>I think the Masons and the Noetic Science Society tricked Dan into giving them a good write-up, then chasing everyone all over Washington to create a tourist attraction of a very boring city - which even Americans won't visit, just to find that we all should read our bibles/religious scriptures more carefully with 5 guiding words to find yet another secret meaning.<br/>I guess I wanted something "fantastical and fancifully" instead had to sit through a sermon.
 If any one thing bests typifies Dan Brown's novel <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol-Robert-Langdon-No-3/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol (Robert Langdon, No. 3)</a>, it is the cliff-hanging page turners from one chapter to the next. The book is almost impossible to put down until the very end, when.... No, I won't say it. You will have to find out for yourself.<br/><br/>With references to the history of our nation's capital, the Freemasons, and noetics, the reader's intellect is completely seduced, as Browns' characters speed down, across, or above the streets of Washington, D.C. to stop evil Mal'akh from his doomsday mission. Prepare yourself for 509 pages of suspense-filled fiction that will have you up at 3 A.M. to read like I did three nights in a row, in order to finish and have the final answer, or rather, the location and meaning of the lost symbol.<br/><br/>What a wonderful read. Major kudos to you, Dan Brown. Not too many books can make me deliberately lose my sleep in order to hurry and find an answer.
 Three stars means I liked it, which I am willing to admit.  Kind of like eating a twinkie, I feel a little guilty but enjoyed it nevertheless.<br/><br/>I'll give Brown two thumbs up for his research on Freemasonry and symbology.  For me, that was the best part of the book.  The story was very similar to Brown's earlier books, exciting but superficial.  The dialogue was the most lacking part of the book, but then I wasn't really expecting much or reading for the dialogue.<br/><br/>I'll consider this the last read of "summer reading" and get back to work now... :)
 There are only a very few authors that I call my favourite and Mr. Brown was one. It is unfortunate to see the quality of work go down this fast this badly. I don't know if its because his hollywood deals or some pressure to produce more books in short time, whatever it was, the outcome is bad and I think Mr. Brown would concur himself, that is if he can bare to read this book himself. I firmly believe that the book was written so it may one day become a movie and that intention in itself is enough to kill the quality of the book.<br/>Well this would be last time I read his book, same thing happened to John Grisham, an A-list author who started mass producing books and lost quality and fans.<br/>The novel, if you do get to the end wil leave you with the huh-what the .... expression!!!<br/>I'm actually sad to have lost yet another talented author to Hollywood!
 It is a huge effort to write a novel, and I respect the process and effort, so rate it 3 stars.  I really did enjoy the tidbits about Washington D.C., especially the Capitol and the Washington Monument, and descriptions of the art works.  I wish there had been more engagement with details of place, as in the earlier novels.  I loved the settings of Smithsonian pods 3 and 5 - that was great.  Wish there has been imaginative constructions about what research Katherine was doing and what her findings were.<br/><br/>Actually, I was left with the feeling that ideas/material on Katherine's Noetic Science are being saved for a sequel, instead of being included in this novel.  I think more detail about what went on in pod 5 would have made this book much more compelling.<br/><br/>Basically it seems that Brown is following the "Michael Crighton path"  - writing something that is more screenplay than novel.  I was so disappointed.<br/><br/>I read this in 1 day over the holiday, which helps get a clear sense of pacing.<br/><br/>--My first reaction was that the pacing was forced (and made me think "screenplay").  Framing the action with a very short time period was enjoyable, but many action sequences were rat-tat-tat and choppy.<br/>--My second reaction was that Brown was following advice to "dumb down" the writing, including changing the way Langdon speaks and inserting improbable sequences to push the narrative forward (e.g., dialogue between Katherine and character posing as psychiatrist -- completely unbelievable that she would fall for that....)  Seems to me Brown's writing has changed since the early novels.<br/>--My third reaction was that the book was rushed out the door too quickly, with no help (or with bad advice) from the editor.<br/><br/>The concluding "big insight" was underwhelming, but the overarching metaphor remains powerful and interesting.  It touches on a subject currently getting talk show attention again  -- mind vs. brain (is the mind "caused" by brain processes or is it embedded in cross-dimensional and/or multi-organism collective consciousness, etc.).
 We're on a Road to Nowhere . . . come on inside.  Taking that ride to nowhere . . . we'll take that ride.  Yep, this book was a Road to Nowhere.  Absolutely absurd.  A totally empty and disappointing ending to a supposed "thriller."  It took me a month of on-again, off-again reading to make it through the first half of the book.  Finally I committed to plowing through the rest and seat-belted myself to the couch until I finished it. Thus the second star.  Ugh.  Just typing this review is heightening my frustration over this book.  So regardless of the depth of redunculous thought I could share about the one-dimensional characters, silly plot, empty premises and repetitive literary devices, I think I'll just stop now.
 I enjoyed Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code.  I had planned to read Deception Point, but now I'm not sure I want to invest the time.  I at least need a break with a better writer.  I would argue that if this had been Brown's first novel, it would possibly not have led to a second and the critics' reviews would have been much less glowing.<br/><br/>It feels like a first draft.  If I had to assign it one word, that word would be TEDIOUS.  The repetion was excruciating.  The dialogue feels like it was generated by an eighth-grader.  The plot is horribly predictable.  The narrative feels like a thin veil over heavy-handed pedantry.  (If you've read The Celestine Prophecy, you know what I mean.)  Rather than tell us a good story, it seems that Brown is trying to tell us that he did a lot of research.  My wife and I agree that the book comes off as one that somehow missed the editor's eyes.  Many contrived elements appear in the text, and the characters actually display wonder at the different unrealistic circumstances, as if Brown is saying to the reader, "I know, right?" when he is actually just being lazy.<br/><br/>Probably the most annoying thing about this book is the fact that the characters can't just say what they discover; they have to teach it.  The protagonist(s) are trying to save the life of a friend/brother, and one would think that would boost their senses of urgency.  Instead, whenever some new development occurs, one of them becomes the teacher and the rest are idiots.  I don't know how many times I read, "I understand what you're saying," said Langdon, "but I still don't see what that has to do with X."  To which the reply is something like, "Let me put it another way.  Suppose I were to tell you that Y."  She couldn't just say, "We need to go to the Capital building--trust me!"  That this occurs over and over and over again leads me to believe that Brown has lost sight of the fact he is writing a novel.  I imagine him grinning at his "cleverness" while he writes, eager to show the world how much time he has spent a) visiting DC and b) using search engines.  He seems aroused by the fact that people will Google the elements in his book.  I'm sorry, but that doesn't make one a good writer or suggest a book is worth reading.<br/><br/>This book deserves the one star it receives from me because I did actually want to know what happened.  I think there is a kernel of a good book inside this one.  Probably several pages shorter, and one that a good editor could have helped tease out.  I truly think that people who enjoy this book are probably not avid readers, or perhaps more exactly, not readers who digest a wide range of books and genres.  This potboiler does make the reader want to know what happens next, but the tension comes not from the plot; it comes from having to wade through scene after scene of substandard writing.  I believe that anyone who has been bowled over by good writing at some point in his or her life would be spoiled to this book.  There is certainly room for escapist fiction, but even among those books, there are good and bad.  All reviews are subjective, of course, but I found this book the worst I've read in several years.
 I have been intrigued by Dan Brown's previous works but this one left me flat.  It is a compendium of old New Age beliefs and a rehashing of perhaps America's oldest conspiracy theory groups: the Masons.  The professional reviews cited earlier reveal that most professional critics have not read much more than the title page, back cover, and opening chapter paragraphs.  The formula for plot and character is now trite: take the lead man (Robert Langdon), get the uber-smart woman (Katherine), the mysterious friend (Peter), and a psychopathic enemy (the vengeful deluded son of Peter) and plop them all down pat in a new but all to familiar setting.  Mr. Brown is much to young in the book world to set a P. D. James pattern of sameness earned by long years of mystery writing.<br/><br/>The convoluted information may be new to many readers concerning the pseudo-science of Noetics and paranormal research.  The PEAR project was shut down some time ago due to a lack of any verifiablle scientific findings and being a waste of valuable research dollars.  Noetics takes a non-natural subject matter and subjects it to the verifiable testing tenants of naturalistic materialistic science and asks us to suspend our belief in the verifiable world to adopt a pseudo-belief in those things that cannot and will most likely never be proved or serve any value.  Reader beware: Mr. Brown makes the human the edifice of evolution's accidental artifice and rehashes the now discreited maxim that ancient human thinkers were capable of far more than their world context and understanding allowed.  Weighing the supposed "soul" of the human, come on Mr. Brown!<br/><br/>The best things to arise from this work are: (1) an increased U. S. Capitol tour business; (2) the continued flowering of solipsistic, tragic, and non-skeptical belief in pseudo-science; and (3) the explanation of the derivation of "sincere."  As to this book, it does not fit the term "sincere" as there is much too much wax stuck in the cracks of this paltry underlying sculpture not yet fit for public viewing. It represents the author's only goal of taking the money to the bank through profiteering on cheap literary devices, conspiracy theories, pseudo-science, and Barnum's "there's one  a fool] born every minute" philosopy.  Well, I've been fooled enough by Dan Brown.  This will be the last time I spend money to read such drivel and banality.
 There is something immensely entertaining about conspiracy theories. To come up with an utterly ludicrous premise, and use real facts, documents, and artefacts to support it so well that the reader can suspend disbelief for a few hours is a challenging task, and it's something Dan Brown is really good at.<br/><br/>In his previous books, Dan Brown made his task a little easier by choosing cities that are thousands of years old for his locations. Cities like Paris and Rome have a rich history, and a lot of that history is veiled in myths, which gave Brown a lot of room to manoeuvre in. For his new book, Brown set a much tougher challenge for himself by choosing a relatively young city (Washington DC) as a location. Brown did surprisingly well with his new backdrop. He found plenty of clues for his story, and the book is a treasure of historical and cultural trivia. This aspect of the book I found immensely entertaining.<br/><br/>But Washington DC is also the main weakness of the book: there is no way Brown could construct a gripping conclusion for the story that could match The Da Vinci Code, and as a result The Lost Symbol ends with a total anticlimax. Not only that, actions that seemed plausible throughout the book suddenly become inexplicable in the light of the conclusion. This book deserved a better ending.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's books are so formulaic that it is starting to affect their quality. More than once Brown had to cheat a little to conceal his tricks because they are getting too predictable. Imagination is not Brown's forte, and he should think about teaming up with a more creative mind for future books.<br/><br/>The characters: Now that Robert Langdon, the main character of several novels, is closer to home, we get to meet some of his friends. It gives Langdon a little more personal involvement in the story, but anyone looking for emotional depth is advised to look elsewhere. Brown put most of his energy developing the villain, and this is where Brown trumped his previous creations. This person is scarier than Silas or the Hassassin, and Brown gives him plenty of opportunity to show his skills.<br/><br/>Brown talks a lot about religion and science in this book, and I wish he hadn't. This prose can only be described as wishful thinking, and bears very little relationship with real science. A huge opportunity was missed here. Washington DC is a great place for anyone interested in real science, but this is very poorly represented in this book.<br/><br/>Brown's literary style has been severely criticised by the more pedantic among his readership. Frankly, I don't care. Like his other books, this book is written well enough to keep you going, and that's all you really should expect from a fast-paced book like this. Overall, if you're interested in an adventure with a rich context and lots of tidbits of historical and cultural information, this book is well worth the read.
 The information about historical mysteries makes me want to study about them. It is a page turner for sure. Thoroughly enjoyable.
 I really wanted to enjoy this book.  Like most people I dont think Dan Brown is much of a technical writer, but I enjoyed reading Angels and Demons and The Davinci Code for the ideas they brought across and the sheer thriller aspect of them.<br/><br/>This book has very little "thrills" in it.  A lot of Browns big reveals about Freemasons and their impact on the United States are pretty tame.  Its certainly less interesting than the things he brings up about the Vatican in the other two Robert Langdon books.<br/><br/>The major issue where I am unable to enjoy this book is how clunky Browns writing style has become.  Half the book is told in flashbacks...and often he will do the high school literature mistake of having a flashback IN a flashback.  Why not tell a linear story, instead of dragging the readers out of the plot as it happens, to add a lot of useless exposition?  Its just plain bad writing, and Brown has succumbed to it entirely here.<br/><br/>His personal cliches are endless here.  Every time a "big reveal" occurs he drags it out for a full chapter.<br/><br/>Langdon figures something out.......he talks about what he has figured out, without revealing to the reader what he has figured out.  The chapter ends with Langdon running off to confront what he has figured out.  The next chapter starts on a completely unrelated aspect of the book.....THEN after that chapter is done, we get to the NEXT chapter, and are told what Langdon figured out.  I swear that exact same scenario happens at least a dozen times in the book.  Its just tiresome.<br/><br/>His villain is also very problematic.  Another religious nut who mutilates himself in some way, and seems to have super human powers in everything except of course in the ability to freaking kill Robert Langdon.  There is almost no difference between the tattooed monster in this book, and the albino monster in The DaVinci Code.  They both have flimsy, at best motivations, they both have back stories that are cartoon like.  They both are super strong, and super smart, to the point of being beyond human...and they both mutilate their bodes in some attempt to get closer to God.<br/><br/>This book has more in common with Browns very poor efforts like Deception Point, and a lot less with the fast paced fun of the other Langdon books.  This is a disappointing effort that I could never imagine reading again for any reason.  Too long, too poorly written with a plot that never makes any sense.
 All due respect to Dan Brown and fellow readers, I must say that while I was excited to read his latest book, I found myself extremely disappointed about half-way through.  It wasn't that the book was poorly written (though I must agree with other reviewers that certain elements were extraneous), but rather that the story felt suspiciously familiar:  I'm sure many will remember the Bruckheimer blockbuster "National Treasure" that all but tells the same story--though, in my opinion? Theirs was better.<br/><br/>On the whole, the book was very interesting.  Brown did a great job of introducing mass numbers of readers to a newer field of science that is unlikely to be commonly known and, as some others have said: good for him for spawning the thousands of subsequent Google searches.  However, for all the elements that are individual to the novel, the story was far too predictable for my taste, and, as I said earlier: far too close to "National Treasure."  Don't get me wrong, mostly--I enjoyed the book.  I got a little bogged down in certain areas because the book tended to drag along--but mostly, it was very fascinating historical material that did its job in making me curious enough to keep reading (that and, after paying so much for a hardback, I was certainly going to finish the thing).  But the formula felt desperate--it seemed to follow almost the exact general idea of "National Treasure", though the specifics were different.  The characters are in DC, searching for some great mythological 'treasure' and there's a token bad guy desperate to beat them to it.  While that summary is extremely generalized, if I were to go into detail it would get boring.<br/><br/>Basically, I found the book good up until about half way through when I realized I could already see the exact path it was going to take.  Even the scenes of suspense were simple enough to guess how they would play out, and some even felt desperately contrived (ie: Langdon's "experience" at the end--not to give anything away).  I give Brown major points for turning out what is considered a bestseller with such pressure after two previous hits (especially after the success of "The Da Vinci Code")--but I think there was too much pressure on him to create a book of the same caliber, and in the end I found this to be far below the bar set for it.  It wasn't a horrible book by any means--it was entertaining enough and paced well enough that I got through it.  Plus, I give him credit for delving into dark details that would likely make a lot of people uncomfortable. I won't lie: there were parts of that book that just plain creeped me out--but that was the nature of the subject material he was investigating and I have to give him props for being willing to go there knowing the type of fan-base he'd have reading the novel.  Also: to start the action with a severed hand?  That's brave.  It wasn't just some hand--it was the hand of a character you'd already been introduced to and predisposed to feel compassion for.  For this and similar elements, I was hoping the book would have the same feel of academic adventure as the previous two--but in the end, I felt as if the plot were pushing an agenda (not unlike Da Vinci Code) and the whole last third of the book was not too difficult to dissect and predict.  Now, that is not likely a typcial result for readers, and again: no offense to those who praise this as a work of literary brilliance--but simply for my own opinion?  I'd much rather sit and watch Bruckheimer's film every day than ever read this book again, and I sincerely hope that this novel has not already been offered a film contract because I truly think the stories would be far too similar for it to be properly enjoyed.
 May I echo what many other reviewers have said? The plot of this story seemed to be a much-watered down version on the others in the Langdon series, the description at times repetitive and laboursome and the 'twist' unsatisfying. Yet I still enjoyed reading, but probably more so for the pleasure of the historical aspects of the novel, the descriptions of DC and the info about the founders of the US than for the story. Of course part of the problem was over-anticipation, that which you wait for and idolise in the mind often does not live up to expectations.
 It's OK, but...<br/>Interesting story, but not believable as with his earlier novels.  Also suffers from pontificating - particularly at the end.  It was also easy to see where the plot would turn as opposed to the unexpected twists of past novels.  Still, the story had some interesting points and this is a better use of time than reading many other wanna-be writers.
 WARNING: SOME SPOILERS ****** I thought this one was 'okay.' The Robert Langdon character, unfortunately, really started to bug me. I actually thought after the supposed *demise* that the author was planning to shift his series to a new character like Katherine Solomon. Ha. Fool me once...I was slightly disappointed, however, when said demise was a ruse. The symbol explanations were cool, as were the descriptions of DC locales (until I read the posts on how inaccurate they were...grrrr). Overall, it was okay, makes me want to visit DC, but doubtful I'll read it again.
 My preference of his books are in this order Angels &amp; Demons, Davinci Code, and last The Lost Symbol.  In my opinion the book was the same formula as all the rest, which I like, but it got so repetitive with leaving every chapter as a cliff hanger.  Some times chapters would pass including the irritating "mini" chapters until the last hanger resolves.  Also if Peter Solomon was such a big influence on Roberts life (like a second father) why are we only now being introduced to him in this third book following Robert?  The end was about a big of a letdown as I've ever read.  Honestly. he was pretty much grasping at straws with that one..The Word.  It seemed as if Peter knew the answer all along.  The word pretty much destroyed the end of the book for me.  I felt like I wasted 500 pages of my time when the book could have been 300 with a better ending.  One big letdown.
 Dan Brown's Robert Langdon novels basically hinge on the idea that every smart person from antiquity up until the 20th century were members of a clandestine society of the super-smart who have all kinds of super-secret knowledge and hid that knowledge somewhere clever because the world wasn't ready for this knowledge to be disseminated and the only way to find it is to run all over town looking at works of art. Interestingly, because Robert Langdon is a very smart symbologist (Harvard fought hard to get this guy for its no-existent "symbology department"), contemporary crimes can be solved by running all over town looking at those same works of art. It should be noted that the villains are generally part of another, evil, clandestine society.<br/><br/>If you're looking for mindless running around interrupted periodically with long lectures by the protagonist about the merits of Free Masonry--It's about knowledge, man! They aren't trying to take over the world!!--then this book is for you.<br/><br/>The problem is that the book ends exactly where you think it will after the first chapter, and the pay-off is absolutely ridiculous. Unlike The Da Vinci Code, which follows a similar pattern but adds some interesting notions about the historical Christ that got conservatives' collective panties in a bunch, The Lost Symbol provides no interesting take on Free Masonry. Instead it reads like a long sales pitch for its awesomeness.<br/><br/>While the novel does have its characteristic puzzles that seem well connected to the real works of art that they are supposed to be connected to, the idea that somehow deciphering this crap is going to help catch the criminal is just short of ridiculous. Why would any criminal who is looking to make some grandiose statement to the world choose to do so through a series of events so esoteric that only the "brilliant symbologist" Robert Langdon can figure out what the hell is going on? It makes no sense whatsoever.<br/><br/>And in the end, all is well because Robert Langdon can look at some triangle and know that they really meant it as a vagina and therefore he must be a the Lincoln Memorial or something. Gotcha Fiend!!!<br/><br/>So, I guess, you should buy this book if you like that kind of crap.
 I read "Da Vinci Code" with amusement though I was quite discontent with some flaws then.  When I read "Lost Symbol," my common sense kept bugging me if I should read on.  Finally I stopped after finishing half of the book, after finishing section 57.  Consider these:<br/><br/>1.  A Harvard professor, world renowned scholar, could be so naive and green that he "always" failed to understand the obvious.  But when prompted, be suddenly turned from a nerd to genius, then giving long lecturing as if coming out of a coma.  In "Da Vinci Code," he lectured something utmost secretive (to the main lady character) while travelling hurriedly on a taxi.  At least I wouldn't talk something sensitive when travelling on taxi.<br/><br/>2.  All these episodes, car chases, man chases, break-ins, e.g. happened in amazingly such short time frames.  These are common plots found in "Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons."  No doubt in this thick book of course.  More outrageous to my mortal common sense mind is: all the cities, particuarly the law-enforecement units, must have been asleep, or on strike, when these characters "ventured" around the cities and buildings.  In this book, how the hell could I be persuaded to believe that the gate to National Museum (?) is guarded only by one man?  And when this guy smelled something wrong, he didn't alert others or call for reinforcement?<br/><br/>3.  A guy (the devil bad guy) coming out of nowhere could rise to top level of Freemasons - 33th level - in a mere 10-year period?  And this guy has to ALWAYS cover his full-body tattoos with heavy make-ups.  If these freemasons didn't raise any suspicion with him, they aren't that bright.  And no need to try getting in this so-called the most scret organization in the world.<br/><br/>Dan Brown was always able to identify themes that are highly interesting and appealing.  But he stepped short of providing enough thoroughness and reasoning in details of the stories.  As I read on, I kept asking myself if I should spend time, suppressing my common sense, on this unusually thick book.  I finally gave up.<br/><br/>Instead, I had the same experience with "Angels and Demons."  Make no mistake, I finished reading some other greater (thicker) works by more accomplished writers.  If it were not for the cheaper price retailed in UK, I certainly would not have picked up this book.
 That was the most long winded book I have ever read. I skimmed the last few chapters because he had pounded that conversation into our heads throughout the entire book. The unnecessary business concerning Noetic Science served absolutely no purpose in advancing in the story. I kept saying out loud to my husband "when does this story end?". To Dan Brown's credit, he does include historical background in his books that enhance and enrich the stories. But, dear God, get to the point! I loved "The Da Vinci Code" and so I am disappointed with this latest tome.
 I read the "audio" book. During the first part of the book, the plot was moving so fast I would stay in my car to hear more. Then, complete boredom set in. As others have said REPITION. Yes, where were his editors? Boy, those lists of "ancient mysteries" go on and on and on. There were entire chapters that could have been dropped. I have read all of the Dan Brown books and he has difficult wrapping up the ending.
 If you can get over the fact that the novel at times reads like a George Lucas penned dialogue of two Wikipedia articles talking to each other and way too many cheesy melodramatic cliffhangers that leave you with winks, sly smiles, blank stares, clichés, and unanswered questions every time Brown switches scenes like a Dukes of Hazzard commercial break, then you will enjoy this book. Fortunately, although it was hard at times, I was able to get through these massive faults which do, thankfully, slow down towards the last half of the novel once the Mason back-story is established and all of the characters end up more or less in the same location. But we do not watch Star Wars or read Dan Brown, John Grisham, and Tom Clancy for their high art; we read them for their escapist abilities to thrill us with adventure, mythology, and intrigue.<br/>Dan Brown is the go to guy for conspiracy theory mysteries these days and he once again doesn't disappoint in this aspect of the story. The problems surround his need to educate the lay reader in all of the back-story surrounding the Masons which creates the previously mentioned clunky Wikipedia-type conversations on almost every other page for the first half of the novel. I wish that he would have let some of the back-story just remain unknown to the uneducated like he did in the Da Vinci Code. Or if he felt that it was critical to the plot development just put it in a footnote or an annotated web link on the book's webpage. Point those that need the added information in the right direction, but don't train wreck your character development and flow to "teach" your reader in the middle of a scene. I assume that all of the delays in this book's publication (2 years later than advertised) were due to his trying to fold into the novel all of the background knowledge about the Masons that an uneducated reader would need to understand the story. What Brown has going for him, which saves the novel from becoming a complete train wreck, is the fact that Robert Langdon's character has already been developed to the point that we care about him in previous novels. I also see that more than one reviewer has pointed out the many, many similarities between Mal'akh and Francis Dolarhyde from Thomas Harris's The Red Dragon which I think Brown should have anticipated and gone to greater lengths to eliminate.<br/>With all its faults I was still pulled in enough to listen to the audiobook's 17 hrs and 51 mins in five days. I walked away from the novel intrigued about the Masons, Noetic Science, and more importantly entertained which is all that I can ask of this type of novel.
 I like Dan's work but I have to agree with the other people who have posted their opinions about this book. I was excited when I heard about it but disappointed when I read it. I'm not expert but I've enjoyed his other works so much and was just wondering what I've missed while reading this one. On the upside of this, there are good stories in all of us. Some are just better at writing a book than some (like me lol) but hey, I'm a huge fan of Dan Brown and will keep reading his books. Sometimes we need to look beyond the bad words and editing problems and just enjoy a good story, right?
 I won't waste your time with a long revue; everything I have to say has been said in all of the other well-earned one star revues here. I just want to say that I'm not exactly the sharpest knife in the drawer when it comes to guessing the endings of mystery novels, but I was a good 200 pages ahead of the big reveal in this one. As for the historical background, it's very thin. The Masons are either not as compelling as you might think or Brown was unable to find anything all that interesting about them to fill his novel. The few interesting tidbits about the architecture and history of Washington DC entirely too inadequate to make this book remotely worthwhile. It's so amateurish and badly thought out there's little chance I'll read his next one.
 I felt it really left you waiting for the "Oh wow I didn't see that coming" and the "Oh now it all makes sense moment". I was waiting for the second bad guy like in Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, after the bad guy died. Seeing the "I'm your father Luke" twist coming a mile away long before that bombshell was dropped, made for almost dull reading. The long drawn out ending that didn't tell what the whole mystery was about, and left you with a "what was that all about" feeling really made it not recommendable in my opinion.
 Dan Brown spends so much time and effort talking about codes that he forgets that he can completely give away the ending with comments about the characters themselves.  I enjoyed reading about the Masons and ancient symbols and secret societies, but would have enjoyed it so much more if it hadn't been glaringly obvious who the antagonist was from almost the beginning of the book.<br/>If you have ever been able to predict the ending of a book, you'll be able to predict this one.
 Just finished this wonderful book, set in my hometown of Washington DC.  About all I can say is that this is probably the best of Brown's books.  It has more truths in it than the rest, although "The DaVinci Code," rocked my world.  Brown takes the reader on a real life fictional story that is based all on facts that he has spent hours researching.  It is amazing.  It is unbelievable and it will give you a sense that we ALL are loved by our creator and while that love is taken, we also need to be aware that our own religious beliefs may not be as we have been told.  Simply put,"GOD IS LOVE," and we have been created in 'HIS" image, not physically but mentally.  Just a breathe taking journey to places where I have never been, physically and spiritually, but would love to go.  Read it!!!!!!!
 SPOILER ALERT!<br/><br/>Dan Brown must use a plot generator that goes something like this:<br/><br/>- Start with Robert Langdon, renowned symbologist who, despite being thrown into multiple international secrets, scandals and run-ins with assassins, is permanently perplexed (in an attempt at humility) as to why anyone wants his help with, you know, his life's passion.<br/>- Add one secret society, ancient or otherwise, and the secret "only they hold".<br/>- Place in an appropriate city which coincidentally has a high percentage of landmarks pertaining to this secret society.<br/>- Add a member/someone aware of this secret society who is killed/maimed/kidnapped.  Helps if he knows or has met Langdon in the past (thereby preventing them from calling some other world renowned symbologist for help in the investigation).<br/>- Add a mysterious, intelligent, single woman who has some relation to the aforementioned killed/maimed/kidnapped secret society member and who Langdon constantly uses as an intellectual crutch when he can't put the pieces together.  Obligitory romance may ensue.<br/>- One dash of a high-ranking police/security official who will be under suspicion of being "the bad guy/the traitor" for 2/3 of the novel before being redeemed when it's revealed they were just doing their job the entire time.<br/>- A peppering of an elderly, sage helper who either reaches out to Langdon, or whom Langdon knew all along, to fill in those pesky blanks he couldn't figure out.<br/>- For flavor, make sure your villian is so ridiculously, melodramatically diabolical that only the darkest heart could sympathize.  He should also be mysterious, a near-perfect physical specimen, highly trained in not only firearms but hand-to-hand combat, and comfortable with riddles and over-complicated revenge tactics.  And of course, he has a life-long blood feud against the secret society in question, whether or not they currently exist.<br/>- Insert secret traitor here.<br/>- Bake with a race-against-time urgency of no more than twelve hours.<br/>- Be sure to cool the anger of whichever secret group you pissed off by copping out at the end and revealing the assassin's hatred was misplaced under a black-and-white worldview because of some past emotional pain, and assure your reader that yes, this secret group does have positive aspects to it and was never really a threat in the first place.<br/>- Don't forget to reveal your big ultra secret secret, no matter how stupid of a secret it may be, thereby making you wonder how this secret was ever kept for thousands of years, since everyone seems to be jumping at the chance to tell Langdon what it is.<br/>- Happily ever after.<br/><br/>Bottom line: The Lost Symbol was a classic, albiet uninspired, Dan Brown novel, and I'm sad to say that is no longer a "good thing".  When compared to the much more earth-shaking consequences of Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code, "Symbol"'s big twist falls flat on its face.  A video of self-proclaimed Masons performing their rights?  That's supposed to compete with the Vatican, all its knowledge, art, treasures and God knows how many people being blown to smithereens?  Hmmmm.  Tough to decide just which is more horrifying.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons was by far his best novel.  Da Vinci Code was an acceptable follow-up, though the aformentioned plot repetition had started to bother me about halfway through DVC.  Now that he's done it a third time, I just can't shake how ridiculous it is that he can't try just a LITTLE harder to build a realistic plot.<br/><br/>Also, the constant reminder from several minor characters about Brown's previous books was insulting. "This is the guy that ran from Interpol?" thought the guard.  "I've had run-ins with the Vatican," revealed Robert.  Yes, Mr. Brown, we are well aware of Langdon's prior adventures.  Your constant reminders of the other books you've written come across as desperate as a girl waiting by the phone for a boy to ask her to the dance.<br/><br/>I'm actually sad my husband wasted his money giving this as a gift, and sad I was so excited to read it.  Bored to tears through much of it.  Do these mainstream writers even try anymore?
 Again we are taken on an exciting journey into Professor Lander's world of symbolism.  It is enlightening to have the setting of this book in our own Washington DC, a little American history lesson from a different point of view. He is quite clear the way he shows the influence that the Masons had over the development  of this country.<br/>The research that went into this writing was applaudable, yet Brown was careful not to impose his ultimate conclusions on his reader but instead encouraged them to reach their own. Although a bit wordy, an intriguing read.
 I have read all 5 of Dan Brown's novels.  Here's how I would rank them:<br/><br/>#1 Da Vinci Code (great)<br/>#2 Digital Fortress (good)<br/>#3 Angels &amp; Demons (average)<br/>#4 Lost Symbol (poor)<br/>#5 Deception Point (terrible)<br/><br/>My biggest problem with The Lost Symbol is that I completely guessed the anticlimatic ending a quarter of the way into the book.  The plot also requires supposedly intelligent characters to be unbelievably trusting and careless.<br/><br/>There are a few interesting historical facts introduced throughout the book but certainly nothing close to those in Da Vinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons.
 It's not that it's formula, but Davinci Code + Angels and Demons = The Lost Symbol without the priests, oh wait, there's one of those too.<br/><br/>Chapter 1,349<br/>"End it already," screamed Langdon as Peter Solomon continued into the tenth condescending chapter playing like a self-help book.<br/>"Sorry, Robert," Dan Brown smiled, "my new contract pays me by the word."<br/>"Holy obelisk, Dan," Langdon panted, "Even Dickens wasn't this bad."<br/><br/>Chapter 1,514<br/>Breathlessly Robert Langdon, the trim, deep voiced, handsome, distance swimmer used all the symbols in his mind as he struggled with the weight of all the extra pages now pressing on his chest. As his eyes began to lose focus and his breath became more labored, a buzzing started to swirl with twinkling lights around the edges of his eyes. Then suddenly, just before passing out he could clearly see the symbol. It made sense. It was before him the whole time. As his mind blacked he vividly saw the two green "S"-shapes bisected by a single vertical green line. Surround the pair was a bright red circle with a single diagonal line running from the one o'clock to the seven o'clock position, "That's what the symbol was saying, "Don't spend the money."<br/><br/>At one point in the book, it Langdom seems destined for a permanent death, a hopeful symbol that maybe he will be killed off and there will not be a fourth book cashing in on the two previously well-written ones.<br/><br/>Brown spends a good third of the book defending Masonry to the point that it seems like an out-of-court settlement from the way they were smattered in other books. "OK, instead of paying you guys, I'll write a book that extolls your virtues," agreed Brown. That or the Masons are getting a donation each time their name is mentioned.<br/><br/>This one is best read from a library check-out or if it's one of the freebies on your subscription. Don't spend extra. It drags, it squirms, it squiggles, but it never gets to the point -- just like a "Make $1,000 an hour part time at home" infomercial. I think there was a point in it. Wasn't there?<br/><br/>If you liked "DaVinci Code" and "Angels and Demons," you've already read "The Lost Symbol."
 Factoid lovers , Dan Brown to me always keeps it interesting , capturing my imagination each time . I love movies but good reading like this is like watching a good movie in my head. Such a gift from a writer, can’t wait to read the next.
 I've read all Dan Brown's novels and was very excited to sit down with his latest work, but when all was said and done I felt ripped off.  This was a weak last gasp from an author who apparently has run out of juice.<br/><br/>The novel contains much talk of wondrous secrets; secrets so powerful that, if revealed, would change the course of humankind. Brilliant, powerful men go to great lengths to keep the information secreted away while the bad guy kills, maims and tortures anyone in his way to get it.  The evil bad guy starts out evil and scary but suddenly turns confused and clueless.  He goes from absolutely knowing when someone is gaming him to a willingness to believe whatever he is told.  Weak.  But that was not the worst part.<br/><br/>After all the clues are pieced together, we learn that there is a bible buried in one of the corner stones of the Washington Monument.  Whoa!<br/><br/>And that's not all!  Get ready for the really amazing part, the part that must be kept secret at all costs lest mankind be doomed:  If you go to the very top of the Washington Monument and look out the windows you will find that the monument was placed at a very precise angle.  It is angled so that if you look out one window you will be looking directly at the Capitol Bldg.  If you look out another window you will be looking directly at the Lincoln Memorial! Another window- you will be looking directly at some other monument or official building. Wow!  Can't you see how that kind of secret information was important enough for people to die for?<br/><br/>Maybe other people saw something I missed but I felt violated.  If I was writing a book and could not produce a better payoff than that I would not publish it.  I don't know if Dan Brown is retiring from writing but for me he is.
 I would easily have given this book 4 stars if someone had given me this advice: skip the last 30 pages (at least it was 30 on my kindle app).  Absolutely NOTHING happens in them.  Maybe you'd like to read Dan Brown's self-important attempt to reconcile science and the myriad religions In the world.  If so, read on!  I've warned you.... Other than my extreme aggravation from having just read all that over the last half hour, I did really enjoy this book.
 I'll spare you the critique of Brown's writing style that many other reviewer's are offering because I'm no expert.  I will, however, tell you what I thought of the story.<br/><br/>If, like me, you enjoyed The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, you probably won't like this one as well.  Brown's previous two novels featuring the Robert Langdon character immediately pulled me in and kept me turning pages until I had finished.  They also both pulled off some shocking twists and dramatic endings.  The Lost Symbol, on the other hand, is at times boring, but there was still enough there to keep me reading.  The ending is where I felt really let down.  I felt like Chapters 123 through the Epilogue could almost have been wholly eliminated.  The author attempts to tie up some loose ends, but he does it in such an unsatisfying and strained way that I almost wish I had simply closed the book at the end of Chapter 122.  I wish I could elaborate more, but I don't want to spoil the ending for anyone.<br/><br/>Also, if I never see the word "esoteric" again, I'll be ok with that.  I think it must have appeared in this novel in excess of 100 times.  There are other repetitions in the novel that annoyed me a little as I read, but other reviewers have covered them thoroughly.<br/><br/>Bottom line: Pick it up at the library, but don't buy it.  I doubt you will find yourself wanting to read through it again.
 Does the world really need my two cents about this book? No. Will anyone read this? Probably not - but I made a deal with myself that I would write a review of all the books I read.<br/><br/>Once again, Robert Langdon must race against time and a villian as improbable as an Ayn Rand character to save - something. (I was never very clear on this point) When it is not excessively preachy and wordy, this tome reads like a screenplay. I found it utterly forgettable and to be completely frank - boring. There, I said it. If this were not a book club selection, I would have never been able to finish.<br/><br/>I am perpetually mystified by the books that become the latest popular craze - but I am happy that people are reading.
 Being a huge Dan Brown fan, I couldn't wait to get my hands on this one.  The story follows Prof. Robert Langdon who once again finds himself entwined in a deadly game of solving ancient puzzles and riddles in order to stop a madman and protect as well as reveal a powerful and mystic secret.<br/><br/>Much of The Lost Symbol focuses on Freemasonry and ancient mysticism and anyone interested in either of those things, or in early American history will enjoy the attention to detail and thorough research that was obviously undertaken.<br/><br/>Once past the first fifty or so pages, the pace of the read becomes exhausting.  Brown does a great job keeping you turning pages by dangling a carrot in front of you at the end of each short chapter.  The biggest issue I had with the book is that it creates a lot of promise and anticipation, but never really follows through.  I felt like the last 20-30 pages of the book really fell flat. It was a bit of a disappointment.<br/><br/>I did enjoy reading this book and continue to be a Dan Brown fan.  I just hope the next book doesn't build up a lot of anticipation that it can't deliver on.
 I was extremely disappointed with this long awaited sequel to some of Mr. Brown's other great books. The entire story lack any intrigue. The end seemed to ramble with no clear mystery or purpose to the store. The characters were not very interesting or believable.  After reading the book, I was left very disappointed with the story! A co-workder read the book and felt similarly.  This book almost seemed more forced as a work, sort of like he was paid and HAD to come up with something?  I have no idea how they will make an interesting movie out of this one!
 What a waste of time reading this . If it hadn't been written by Dan Brown it would never have been published.
 The first Dan Brown book that I read was The DaVinci Code. I enjoyed it a lot, enough to read Angels and Demons, which I liked even more.<br/><br/>I went into this book expecting something similar, and wasn't disappointed in that respect. The plot was familiar enough, the pacing was faster, and the chapter cliffhangers were...well, omnipresent. I felt that the plot was weak. The other Robert Langdon books felt as if there was a specific goal in mind, and we knew the stakes from the middle, at least. In The Lost Symbol, we really only know the stakes in the last 50 or so pages. We're more emotionally involved in the characters than the plot, and when we do learn about the MacGuffin (aka plot device), it seems sort of shallow. We care, but only to the extent to which we care about a fraternity with which most people are unfamiliar.<br/><br/>The science behind this novel is...interesting. I'm unfamiliar with Noetic science, but I'm going to research it out of curiosity. If it has seen the results that Dan Brown talks about, I would be very surprised. I also don't know about the Smithsonian complex that Brown mentioned, but if it exists, I'd like to know more.<br/><br/>I have saved the content of the mysteries until the end, because frankly, that's the major appeal of these books to me.<br/><br/>In the interest of full disclosure, I should say that I am a Freemason. My words and opinions are my own, and I do not speak for any other member, or for the fraternity as a whole, nor could anyone claim to.<br/><br/>Coming into this book, I was worried that Masonry would be treated the way the Illuminati were in Angels and Demons. As it turns out, I had nothing to worry about. Dan Brown was very respectful of the Masonic institution. We were never denigrated, or viewed with a negative or suspicious light. Even though the portrayals of our rituals (while incomplete, of course) were graphic, Langdon explained the symbolism and allegory very well. If anything, after reading this book, a person who had questions about Freemasonry would probably finish better educated.<br/><br/>That being said, this was a source of fiction. If Dan Brown is excellent at any one thing, it is making you wonder where facts and fiction separate. I had never heard of many of the "legends" mentioned. A conspiracy theorist would probably say that I'm just not in the right "circles within circles".<br/><br/>As many other reviews have said, this is a novel, not literature. It is absolutely an entertaining read, and the continual cliffhangers made it difficult to find an excuse to stop reading. Let go of your disbelief and enjoy the novel, because it is a fun way to spend your time.
 I read books like this for fun and entertainment.  I was VERY entertained!  I have read all of Brown's books and I must say I found them all highly entertaining.  If you want to analyze and tear them apart, have at it.  If you want to have a good time turning pages to find out what happens next, I find that makes the book much more worth the money.  Unless you're a world renowned, best selling author I think it's rather presumptuous to offer Dan Brown advice on writing, but then that's just me.  If nothing else, Brown's latest offering makes me want to spend some time in D.C. site seeing.  It also makes me want to read the Bible again, but from a different perspective.  I may even have to buy some other books on religion.  IT'S A NOVEL, and a damn good one.  Money well spent.
 Dan Brown's three "Robert Langdon" books take readers on a tour of interesting places, provide historical and non-historical information about long-standing myths, legends, and rumors (and some realities), and along the way, entertain with spectacular twists and turns.<br/><br/>I was completely entertained by "The Lost Symbol." The Langdon character could be considered the personification of  ...] -- a myth-buster of the nth degree. The character's reiteration of skepticism seems to be the author's way of reminding readers that this is, after all, a work of fiction -- laced with facts, to be sure -- but still a work of fiction. (And who among us doesn't "see" Tom Hanks as we picture the events in our minds?)<br/><br/>Come along for the ride! The villain is well realized; the all-too-human heros and heroines are mostly beliveable, and the description of ascending to high, precarious places will have anyone suffering from vertigo experiencing a twinge of tummy flutters (ditto those who are claustrophobic when characters descend to the bowels of the Capitol building). As a plus, the descriptions of various buildings and sites in Washington, D.C., will make fine additions to one's must-see list when next visiting our nation's capitol.<br/><br/>This leads to the question: what next for Langdon, this modern-day intellectual Indiana Jones?
 This book is a fun pulpy thriller type. The history and mystery does not stack up to the delicious history in Dan Brown’s previous books.
 As a mystery / thriller The Lost Symbol fails on nearly every level, as a literary work it isn't even in the ballpark.<br/><br/>The only reason I finished this book was to write the review. It's that bad.<br/><br/>The highlight of The Lost Symbol is the plot. It's almost decent for a thriller, though the 200 pages of plot are surrounded on each side by 100+ pages of cheesy background and pseudo-science assertions. Then, at the end, when the story reaches a climax, the plot lies down on the ground, gives up, and just plain goes flat.<br/><br/>Brown's writing style is so painful it makes the reader wince. How may times can one use the word sacred to describe any random action unrelated to the story? Entire chapters that don't contribute to the plot, endless descriptions of unrelated objects, and language full of deadwood abound in this book. To convince the reader of the story, Brown makes his case for pseudo-science or symbolism by mentioning a "fact" early, later making a reference to it, and by the third character mention it has become reality. At times I didn't know if I felt offended or insulted, neither of which is what a reader wants. And talk about ivory tower academic cheesy. Wildly applauding students enthralled with a lecture on the Ancient Mysteries? Langdon's supposed Harvard students opening their eyes to the world of symbols?<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol characters are heavy handed devices for Brown's message of pseudo-science. Robert Langdon plays the role of skeptic to convince the reader of the plot. Basic pattern: Langdon sees a symbol in something, states it is a myth, and then becomes convinced it isn't a myth when another character points something out. Over and over again.... The brilliant scientist and her rich, powerful brother come across as wealthy eccentrics espousing random thoughts about mystical powers. Only the villain, too much like a Thomas Harris character, really fits the thriller role.<br/><br/>The biggest failure is more fundamental. Brown's story simply isn't believable. Noetic science, though really having no role to play in the book, is repeatedly referenced as the power to change the world. Why? How? Not to mention the science in "The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy" may be more believable. Mystic secrets holding enormous power have been out of site for thousands of years, but simple web searches provide complete backgrounds? The Ancients knew this power, but still choose to live with goats in the desert, or in filthy cities? A CIA internal discussion board (who has time for this kind of stuff at work?) offers redacted documents to the outside world? A national security crisis that is less shocking than last year's stories in the Washington Post? The secret is hidden, but on the internet(or in tattoo books) one can find complete backgrounds. The smug last 100 pages with no interest or bearing on the story are too much.<br/><br/>Skip this one.
 Let me just say right off, that although comparisons to Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code are unavoidable, I think it's unfair to the book and the author to do so. I think The Lost Symbol should be judged on its own merit. I also think (respectfully) that all those reviews that keep saying that Dan Brown's books aren't literature are snobs and it's all a matter of preception and opinion.<br/><br/>The books opens in the Captiol Building in DC and is set and centered around many of DC's famous buildings and neighborhoods. Peter Solomon, a friend and mentor of Robert Langon, our Harvard symbologist hero, has been kidnapped and the villain wants Langon to solve a number of riddles/problems or Solomon dies.  All this is so this villain can become the most powerful man on earth by using whatever the Free Masons have had hidden all these years. Enter Director Sato, a small but quite powerful woman who heads another small but powerful department within the CIA. She seems a little full of herself but I guess I would be too if I had my own army, oops I mean CIA agents at my beck and call. It's an exciting chase that keeps the reader hooked but lags seriously in the last few chapters. The denoument is a little confusing and I think could have been edited for clarity and length. Brown mangled the simple message that "what we seek is within us" so badly that he wasted a lot of pages in talking in circles around the point. Think of all those trees we could have saved if he'd gotten me to edit for him....no, I joke.
 The world's biggest build-up to a "no-ending at all" book that I have ever read.<br/><br/>I think the real "eternal, all powerful, all secret, etc." message here is that Dan Brown is playing a little joke on his readers to see just how much bull they will pay for.<br/><br/>A couple of points:<br/><br/>Halfway thru the book, Brown draws on Einstein for support.  Einstein would have vomited at being associated with this tripe.<br/><br/>Also, the tallest obelisk in the U.S. is the San Jacinto Monument on the Houston Ship Channel - a little item not well known to eastern, elitist types.  It beats the Wash. Monument by fifteen feet, although it does have a little help from a star on top and a museum at its base.
 I'm not sure if I'm in a minority or not, but is it so much to ask that writers be expected to adhere to certain standards before being published? As a freelance writer myself (and an editor during my day job), it's my task to make sure my writing is of a literate and technically correct quality before I send it out to grace the public's ears and eyes. As an avid reader, I cross genres quite often, and lately I've been noticing that more and more so-called "popular fiction" books are written so poorly that even a high school student could pick out the flaws.<br/><br/>"The Lost Symbol" is definitely one of these books. While it did keep me turning pages, the distractions from the abysmally-constructed plot and grammatical problems were completely insurmountable. Really, how many times did characters wink or chuckle? Does anyone do these things anymore? Adverbs anyone? Lots and lots of adverbs? And one of the central tenets of good fiction, "show, don't tell" totally ignored?<br/><br/>By the time I finished the book (amidst a lot of eye-rolling and groaning), I was both awed and angry. The awe stemmed from my admiration at the sheer amount of information contained within the book. One reviewer here stated that he felt like he was reading Wikipedia, and I completely agree. This book will probably do more to boost tourism in Washington D.C. then any amount of promotional dollars could ever accomplish. The anger was prompted by the book's ending. Are you kidding me? That's it? That's the payoff for reading through chuckles and winks, stereotypical characters, a bumbling protagonist, a slew of idiotic plot twists, and more mini-cliffhangers-that-weren't-really-cliffhangers than you could shake a stick at?<br/><br/>One of the indications, for me, that I am impressed with a book is the number of times I read it. We have a huge library here at home and many of the volumes have been read by me more than once (in some cases, several times). I do own a copy of "The DaVinci Code", but it has been read only once.  ...]<br/><br/> ...] Jonathan Barnes' "Domino Men" and Joe Hill's "Heart-Shaped Box" are two examples of superb thrillers I can think of off the top of my head that are far more deserving of the attention Dan Brown is getting for "The Lost Symbol".<br/><br/>With all this being said, I'm part of the problem too. I purchased this book and wasted a week of my life reading it. But I can hopefully make better choices in the future. In the meantime, I'll go chuckle and wink at someone and see if they look at me like I'm a lunatic.
 Parts of the book stand up to what you expect from Dan Brown. Other parts seemed contrived. The beginning was slower than his other Langdon adventures, and the ending seemed much more pointless (and, as a non-deist, potentially a mite offensive). The identity of the villain was evident only about a quarter of the way through the book, so for Brown to continually try to "trick" the reader until the other characters were ready to discover his identity just seemed disingenuous. Not a bad adventure--but not Brown's best work.
 A very taut thriller - and as usual, each chapter ends with a dramatic flourish. A lot of interesting facts (ala The da Vinci code), so you learn a lot. But the story is outlandish - even for Dan Brown.  At the end, you wonder....."Is this it???". Is it worth reading, I guess so....as a merely above average novel. But is it a great book ? Not at all. I got it as it came out, and was sorely disappointed. Dan Brown should just retire, and live off his earnings from the previous books he has written, and stop bothering us with such drivel.
 One of Dan Brown's " longest and most thrilling novels. Had a hard time putting it down.  Word of worning, if you are a new age and/or religious person who is familiar with Masonic order you will under stand this novel. There is also a description of the layout of Washington DC.<br/>Washington DC
 My wife and I work together and have a long commute, and books on CD have become a enjoyable way to use the time.  However, this one drove us nuts.  It's hard to separate the author from the reader sometimes, so I find myself annoyed with both.  I found his voice to be very vanilla, very all-American.  On top of that, he seemed to have a lot of trouble with accents.  Voicing a latino that only sometimes had an accent, for instance, pulls me out of the story.  The husky voice of the antagonist and the CIA director got very, very tiring.<br/><br/>As for the story, it feels like a first draft.  If I had to assign it one word, that word would be TEDIOUS.  The repetion was excruciating.  The dialogue feels like it was generated by an eighth-grader.  The plot is horribly predictable.  The narrative feels like a thin veil over heavy-handed pedantry.  (If you've read The Celestine Prophecy, you know what I mean.)  Rather than tell us a good story, it seems that Brown is trying to tell us that he did a lot of research.  My wife and I agree that the book comes off as one that somehow missed the editor's eyes.  Many contrived elements appear in the text, and the characters actually display wonder at the different unrealistic circumstances, as if Brown is saying to the reader, "I know, right?" when he is actually just being lazy.<br/><br/>This book gets one star not because I can't give it zero, but because I did actually want to know what happened.  I think there is a kernel of a good book inside this one.  Probably several pages (CDs) shorter, and one that a good editor could have helped tease out.
 THE LOST SYMBOL gets 4 stars for the story and rich use of Masonic symbols, but only 3 stars for the actual writing. This should result in a total of 3.5 stars, but Amazon does not allow 1/2 star ratings. So I decided to round down and apply a 3-star rating. Much has been said about Dan Brown's poor writing technique in the previous two Langdon stories, but in this outing Brown really lowers the bar (he is, without a doubt, the poster child for "tell, don't show"). I'm sure the effect is quite jarring for someone working through page after page of the written word. Fortunately, Brown's verbose tendency to over-explain how a character, for example, delivers information through their eyes is not as bludgeoning in the audio version (even if you go with the unabridged audio). All that aside, the Masonic plot combined with details about America and her Founding Fathers is entertaining and, to a certain point, almost inspiring. If readers complete THE LOST SYMBOL and have a desire to learn more about Washington, Franklin, etc. and the city they built to serve the nation they founded, then I believe Dan Brown can be credited with a great service.
 When I was questioned as to whether I planned on reading this book, my typical response fell somewhere in-between the lines of the `maybe later' reply.  The stories from the two previous books featuring Robert Langdon proved themselves entertaining, but there was nothing compelling about either one to convince me into dropping my current reading list to join `Lost Symbol' mania.<br/><br/>Then a coworker set the book on my desk in an almost challenging gesture, forcing me to respond...<br/><br/>Not to my surprise, what I discovered was another page-turner.  Just as with "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels &amp; Demons", Brown leads a reader with promises of historical teaching moments, pseudo-conspiracy theories, villainous brilliance, and the possibility of simple truth revealed for the first time.  There is a wonder at how much of what he alleges is actual reality versus embellished beliefs.  That curiosity creates a sort of American mythology that could possibly be true, or could be the impossible-to-prove stuff of legend.  The constant `is it real; or is it mere fiction' quandary draws the reader forward to the story's culmination.<br/>Then there is the question of the Masons.  Are the Masons as intricately connected to American success as proposed?  From this one reader's perspective, whenever the Masons are discussed, that discussion is always followed with a litany of famous historical characters claimed as Masons.  When those same historical characters are written of, any involvement in Masonry is never mentioned.  It seems Brown masters the ability of offering just enough truth in his fiction to make whatever is not actuality, a possible fact; hence part of the reason this book is so easy to turn from one page to the next.  You not only desire to see how Robert Langdon solves the riddling mystery posed to him by the villain, but you also find yourself wanting to know just how much of what Robert Langdon states is real.<br/><br/>The bottom line, in my opinion, is anyone who enjoyed the previous stories from Dan Brown, they will enjoy this one as well.  It is worth the read; it holds a person's interest quite easily.  However, and I include this as a caveat, the ending fails to coalesce with the plot.  Not only does the villain (a superb blend of brilliance and insanity) alter his focus from ascending into heaven to become like God (what the `lost symbol' is meant to reveal), but the summation given by two of Brown's characters in the final few chapters makes no sense.  Brown is obviously trying to infuse his story with a bit of heart, to lift it above the status of mere thriller, i.e. some `meaning' readers can take away after the last page is read, but he misses that mark.  `The Lost Symbol' is an excellent thriller.  Period."
 "The Lost Symbol" is pretty standard fair from Brown. It contains all the basics--some mutilation, a pretty female scientist, an ancient mystery enshrouded by symbols that will change the world and a creepy bad guy. Oh, and of course, Langdon--the expert symbologist.<br/><br/>That being said, I did enjoy the book. It's fast and fun and packed with interesting tidbits of history, symbology, rituals and secret societies. It's exactly what I expected from Brown--fascinating entertainment and thrills with some intellectual stimulation on the side.
 *********************************SPOILER ALERT********************SPOILER ALERT************************************<br/><br/>  The readers of Dan Brown's series chronicling the adventures of Symbologist Robert Langdon have become accustomed to the complexly entertaining plotlines that are destined to ensue.  Although the plot has many twists and turns along the way, it is structured in a way that is easy to follow.  The protagonist, Langdon, a professor of Symbology at Harvard University who routinely is sought after for his expertise in the austere ultimately results in an exhilarating race against time to uncover some evil plan that is often solved within the last remaining minutes/seconds.  In this regard, The Lost Symbol is no let down.  The reader is immediately immersed with a sense of the mysterious, when Langdon receives a summons to lecture in Washington, D. C. that is accompanied by a request to bring with him a cryptic sealed package that he has been holding.  The basis of The Lost Symbol, is that of a "Hero's Journey" with many obstacles placed strategically along the way that provide the reader with an entertaining thrill ride to save the U. S. Government as we know it.<br/><br/>  Armed with a desire for knowledge and an insatiable appetite for mystery, our Hero (Robert Langdon), is summoned to the Capitol supposedly by the head of the Smithsonian Institution (Peter Solomon), who happens to be a Mason as well as a longtime friend and mentor to him.  Along with this invitation, comes a request for Robert to bring a sealed package that he has been holding for him for some time.  It is learned that Solomon has been kidnapped and his hand removed as evidence of his capture by Mal'akh, and left within the Capitol building.  As with all kidnappings, the perpetrators demand a "ransom"; this is not a ransom of money, but of knowledge.  Knowledge of the "Lost Word", and the physical location of the rumored Manson's Pyramid, or his friend will be summarily executed, and a video depicting our nation's leaders engrossed in Masonic Rituals that some would find unsettling to say the least, that will be turned over to the media if he fails his mission.  With the aide of law enforcement, Langdon discovers a clue upon the examination of the evidence of life left by the kidnappers that ignites our quest for this lost knowledge.<br/><br/>  Our Antagonist is a tattoo covered Freemason, who entered this brotherhood with the intention of obtaining an old source of power that they (Freemason's) hold near and dear.  After is failed attempts to do so, he forcefully persuades Langdon, who unwillingly acquiesces his request.  Mal'akh eventually captures our hero and severely injures one of the novel's heroines, both of whom escape through the daring rescue by the Law Enforcement Officers that have helped throughout the story.  Mal'akh, who was eventually successful (or so he thought) in his quest for the knowledge of the lost word, and the location of the Mason's Pyramid, reveals his true identity as the long believed dead Son of Peter Solomon.  Mal'akh demands that his father sacrifice him to aide him in the completion of his destiny, however he is killed when Law enforcement arrive at the temple, by shards of glass impaling him.<br/><br/>  After the quest to save his friend is complete, Langdon is informed that the knowledge that Mal'akh (Zachary Solomon) had learned that day was a falsehood.  Robert then learns from his friend what the "word" actually is, and its relevance to the Mason's Pyramid.  Langdon unravels the final details of this mystery in a picturesque monument with a view of the Capital City, and is informed by Peter, that the rediscovery of the "word" will bring about a new age for humankind.<br/>The Lost Symbol, is a superbly organized work that guides the reader through a classic progression of the archetypal "Hero's Journey"; Langdon reluctantly embarks on a journey to save his friend, is met with many, meets various helpers along the way, confronts the antagonist, and saves the day.  The locations that are contained within represent the journey to enlightenment; the first clue leads to a basement, and the story culminates high atop the city looking down and seeing the grander scheme behind its construction/layout/purpose.  With many steps along the way that work their way from the subterranean to the heavenly.  With important details, although alluded to throughout are obscured from the complete view of the reader until the appropriate time for their revelation.<br/><br/>  For the money, you (in my opinion) will not find a better, more entertaining page turner that will both excite you and stimulate some interesting thoughts about how you perceive things that you once thought that you knew.
 Very enjoyable, fast paced mystery.  I have enjoyed all of the Robert Langdon books to date. This book drew me in very quickly and maintained the intrigue all the way through to the end.  This book was very well researched using real places and imagery that makes you feel like you are right there seeing it all.  Along the way, you even learn some history in a way that's anything but boring.
 I'll willingly go anywhere Dan Brown wants to take me in his books. I have no issue with the way he takes a kernel of truth and weaves an interesting and explosive story. I don't really care whether Jesus had children or the Pope is part of some great conspiracy or the Masons have secrets; I just like a good yarn.<br/>This story had the potential to be dynamite, but was only so-so. The sense of urgency that kept you turning the page in DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons just wasn't there. I can't put my finger on why. Even so, I was willing to play along. However, a  strange  and improbable plot twist at the very end had me sighing with disappointment and scratching my head. I won't spoil it for others. I can only say that this was not Brown's finest book.
 "As the driver gunned the car up Windsock Drive..."  No-one "drives" their car in Dan Brown's books. He loves these "Boys Own" phrases and will not win any prizes for literature. He has however written another clever, ripping page-turner, with many chapters ending with "as the door opened, they could not believe what met their eyes". Pure entertainment of which Enid Blyton would approve. The plot is sure to stimulate interest in the Masons and Washington D.C. tourist authorities should be  very pleased with the prospect of hordes of tourists following the trail of the "Lost Symbol".  Tom Hanks is no doubt already practicing laps in the pool to get in shape for the movie.
 In his book "On Writing", Stephen King says something to the effect of having no right to look down on any writer who is successfully publishing.  I agree, and you have to be impressed with Dan Brown's success - An iconic best seller, movies with A-list stars.  He is an entertainer, and is being rewarded for entertaining.<br/><br/>But I thought "Lost Symbol" was awful, for the following reasons (without going into details or spoilers): (1) rehashed plot, (2) superfluous extra characters, (3) characters repeating dialogue (poor editing?), (4) multiple, protracted, ridiculous dramatic scenes that way exceeded the "ticking whatever" that was present in EVERY one, (5) the hodge-podge of unrelated technologies and plot devices, particularly the chamber, (6) the James Bond movie "dangling them over the shark tank" treatment of prisoners, (7) a pretty lame "national crisis" and big secret, (8) the propensity of characters to be "shocked" and to exclaim "My God!".<br/><br/>It'll make a good action movie.<br/><br/>The trivia about Washington D.C. and various buildings/monuments was fun.<br/><br/>I just can't suspend disbelief and overlook bad plot development enough to get pleasure out of his writing - even as escapist reading...
 Pathetic. It’s not s 1 but no way a 4 star either. I am sure there are many fake reviewers here. I think this book would probably be a 2.5-3.0. His pace is very poor especially towards the end. Unnecessary diversions from the plot just to keep the suspense. This could be a 300 pager book instead of the 659 page monstrosity
 Like a lot of other readers I've waited for this book to (finally) be published. It took way too many years.<br/>Stephen King, an author who actually publishes novels and not just announces them year after year, said once that a full-time author who cannot write a novel a year is plain lazy. I suspect that in Dan Brown's case it also could have to do with writer's block.<br/>Dan Brown proves this here!<br/>This is one of the worst books I've ever read. No story line, stupid dialogs, etc. Dan Brown's books are getting worse with each one, and he should really read Steve Berry or Clive Cussler to find out how to write a good conspiracy novel.<br/>To anybody who wants to have a good time with a well-written, fast-paced conspiracy novel, I also recommend reading James Rollins, e.g. his latest: The Devil Colony: A Sigma Force Novel.<br/>If anybody still thinks to have to read 'The Lost Symbol' I highly recommend getting it at a used bookstore. There are plenty of them because nobody wants them! You can always donate it back after the ordeal of reading it...
 I wasn't expecting that much going in, maybe a few laughs. But I certainly wasn't expecting The Lost Symbol to be so incredibly and consistently bad. It's a flat-out snooze fest - except for the final 50 pages, which are like being harangued by a drunken madman on a crypto-evangelical soapbox. And excuse me, "bringing sexy back"? What was Janet Maslin smoking? The main characters seem as neutered as the bad guy. Intended as a paean to Western occultism - which could have been an interesting subject in more capable hands - the book devolves into an extended advertisement for "Noetic Science," a.k.a. science-lite superstition for gullible submorons. If you need further proof of what Brown got sucked into, trip over to  ...] - this is "What the Bleep?!" and "The Secret" territory, folks. On the other hand, if you enjoy that sort of mysterious handwaving and magical thinking, The Lost Symbol is your motherlode.
 I read The Lost Symbol while sick at home over the weekend.  Had nothing else to do, so I had plenty of time to ponder the symbology, look up words I didn't understand, Google a few things -- basically, to have fun with the text.<br/><br/>What a snooze, and no, it wasn't from the cold medication.<br/><br/>I was absolutely bored by the book.  And the ending?  What ending?  Compared to his earlier works, the ending as about as anticlimactic as it gets.  I'm not expecting the ending the be a nice, neat little package perfectly tied up with a bow, but this was crap.<br/><br/>I know we are supposed to suspend our beliefs and, at times, reality when reading Brown's work.  That isn't a problem when the story is interesting.<br/><br/>Two stars.  One for the beautiful cover, and one because I finished it.
 A very interesting read and definitely a page turner, however I wouldn't classify The Lost Symbol as a masterpiece.  There were many parts where the plot was quite predictable and on many, many occasions Dan Brown chose for his renon symbologist to overlook double meanings of some very simple symbols until somebody else pointed them out to him, I found these parts to be rather boring and at times frustrating.  At other times I found the brilliant scientist, Harvard University professor, senior figure at the CIA and 33rd degree Mason to be incredibly naïve, and frustratingly incompetent.  They trusted way too much in the good faith of the archetypical psychotic evil character that had already proven to be untrustworthy.  This was very serious flaw in Brown's character development and character consistency.<br/><br/>Although the book is a work of fiction there was also a lot of preaching on biblical teachings of Apotheosis, the importance of religious tolerance, hidden mysteries in the Bible and other ancient texts.<br/><br/>The insights and defenses of the Masonic order, Masonic mysteries, and the Masonic background of our forefathers were rather simple and mediocre in my opinion. I guess there is also a lot of misinformation and speculation about the Freemasons floating around out there and some people might learn something about Brown's research, but I didn't find it very enlightening.<br/><br/>On the points of noetic science and quantum physics I think that Dan Brown accomplished exactly what science fiction should do.  The way Brown suggested a potential transformative impact of these new or heterodox areas of science made for an entertaining and compelling read.  I am not familiar with those two areas of science so I really can't give any opinion on this subject, but he did pique my curiosity.<br/><br/>The biggest problem that I have with The Lost Symbol is that despite Brown's assertions regarding how people really don't understand or even try to understand the text of The Bible, he went out and committed the same mistake.  While he quoted some verses correctly and very appropriately, he also ignored many passages and many central parts of the message in the Bible.  As someone who studies The Bible daily I agreed with Brown that there are actually many parts of The Bible that people either never study or chose to overlook.  However, I think that Brown is guilty of the same mistake.  My focusing on certain select passages and overlooking others Brown seems to confuse the central message of the canonical Bible with that of Gnostic and other Apocryphal works.<br/><br/>Despite my generally critical review, The Lost Symbol was a tough book to put down, so I guess Dan Brown accomplished his goal as a novelist if you look solely at the entertainment value of the book.
 When I found out this book was coming out, all I could think of was how poorly "Angels and Demons" ended, and how much I liked "The DaVinci Code."  So I bought into the hype and figured, "Hey, I've got a 50/50 chance of getting a good story."  Boy, was I wrong.  Having finished the book, I have to say that Dan Brown has outdone himself in the bad ending department.  This book was a HUGE LETDOWN!  I seriously think I could write a better book (given six years), and I am NOT a writer!  I agree with the one poster on this comment board;  do yourself a favor, and just stop reading the book at about page 450, because the rest of the book is almost like watching one of those firework "snakes" (you light it and expect a roman candle-like display with all the accompanying oooohs and aaaaahs; but all it ends up doing is smoking for a while, then petering out and turning to ash; just like this book).  The book was just a huge waste of 10 hours of my life that I'll never get back...  If you still decide to read this "novel", at least wait until it makes it to the "bargain books" section of Borders.
 Is it possible for a novel to be can't-put-downable yet preposterous, even maddening at the same time? With "The Lost Symbol", the answer is undeniably yes. Fast paced yet redundant, insightful yet constantly tripping over its ridiculously excessive use of symbology, Brown's latest is the quintessential metaphor about eating lots of empty calories and even feeling a bit queasy afterward. Oh, and Dan Brown is an author with such annoying habits, like : something incredible happens in one chapter - and then later on he spends pages retroactively explaining how it happened; dozens upon dozens of chapters that end in a variation of "He couldn't believe what he was seeing" (something we'll get to see several pages later); tons and tons of exposition on symbology, history and whatnot - often while characters are caught in a life-or-death situation; etc.<br/><br/>Would I recommend it? Only to die hard fans of the genre, and even then, I'd say lower your expectations.
 I have been meaning to read this book since it was released. I am glad I was not hard on myself for not reading this book for so long. The book is mediocre at best. Was not very impressed with the plot. I have read all the books in the series and now the plot seems very predictable. I still liked Angels and Demons the most. The history lesson was good with all the symbolism etc. Seeing DC as a mystical city was refreshing. All in all, you will not be missing anything if you don't read this book.<br/><br/>Happy Reading!
 After reading The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons this book was a bit of a disappointment, not bad, but my expectations were maybe too high. Most of the book was ok, but at critical points when in a high energy situation the character breaks out into a diatribe lasting a couple of pages on the meaning of some obscure symbol. Then it took a while to pick the flow up again. It was almost like the book was finished and the editor told him to go back and add a few thousand words.<br/><br/>Overall it was a good read, just slow at times.
 I shall be fair with Dan Brown.  Outperforming his Da Vinci Code is something he will never achieve.  The Code was original, smart, hit hard on the Catholic Church (I am Catholic myself but took the book as not serious) and generated such a polemic that made the book known worldwide and a difficult benchmark for himself.  I then read Angels &amp; Demons which I also found a more interesting plot than the Code and even more considering that it was written before.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, and in the full awareness of the above, when I started reading the Lost Symbol I felt like I was reading any of the other two plots:  Langdon being contacted in Boston, being flown to a new destination, meeting a girl in dispair, a mentally deformed and &amp; physically handicapped foe, etc. etc.<br/><br/>What's new?  Has Brown lost his own originality?
 The title of the book should have been "The Lost Plot". What a waste of my time and money! Grammatically incorrect sentences, tortured writing, an even more tortured plot, cookie-cutter paper-thin characters, and a plot that moves so quickly you feel like you're in an MTV music video, except that music videos have better character development. It's time for Dan Brown to take creative writing lessons.
 This book is similar to other Dan Brown books in that you learn a lot about art and symbolism--in this case in Washington D.C.  The Masons, their organization and symbology, and their influence in the building of early government buildings in Washington is one of the main themes of the book. Of course, there is a gripping fictional plot and Robert Langdon has to run down many secret passageways (I really wonder if all those passageways exist) and decode many secret symbols to finally save the day. Gets a little bogged down in descriptions of Masonic ideas toward the end, but basically an informative and gripping run through buildings of D.C.
 I don't know why so many people thought this book was a dud. I think it is quite interesting. Maybe it's because I am listening to it and not reading it. I am usually on the edge of my seat the entire time I am listening to it. The book is exciting and has a decent plot. There are twists I didn't expect and it definitely kept me interested. The descriptions are vivid, but if you don't like/appreciate science/research, then you might find it dull and dry. If you are a fan of suspense novels and of conspiracy theories, then this is a must read.
 Finally read the 3rd Robert Langdon book The Lost Symbol. The Masons and symbology in DC are covered.  I guessed some of the "secrets" part way through but still greatly enjoyed the book.  Although there is definitely some of history that was glossed over to fit the book I do realize that this is a work of fiction.  Once again though, for such a smart guy, the main character seems to be quite dense regarding things sitting right in front of him.
 The overall feeling is that Dan Brown wrote this book by formula and random sentence generators.  Want to recreate the effect?  Try this:  1)  Select an old city (&gt;200 years old)  2)  Obtain random facts about monuments in (old city) and the artwork therein;  3)  Select a secret society at random;  4)  Google "(old city) conspiracy" and take the most popular and the list popular hits.  Ready?  Here's your dust jacket summary:<br/><br/>Langdon meets a member of (secret society) who calls him to (old city) where he must solve the ancient mystery of (conspiracy theory #1) by driving from monument to monument based on his knowledge of (obscure fact) finding (art object) at each monument.  Ultimately, Langdon will discover that (secret society) is really protecting the secret of (conspiracy theory #2) by making it so that only its members can REALLY understand the hidden meaning in the art.  Congratulations!  Call Tom Hanks, and for God's sake, DON'T spend $18 on this horrific and tortured piece of writing.
 So many reviews have already been written about this xxxp so I'll keep it short.  Brown's books are starting to become formulaic.  Let me guess - the next one will be set in some capital in the world.  It will involve  some sort of powerful, secret society.  The main characters will be a dad and his "vanished" son.  The son will exude intense but somewhat irrational hatred towards the dad and this might be seen in a chopped-off hand (what's with the father-son hatred?  Demons and Angels already addressed this issue.  Perhaps something personal for the author?)  Medically a large part of the action will be entirely unrealistic.  From a human behaviour point of view, the actions of certain characters will be entirely implausible.  The son in Lost Symbol would have to have been a serial killer to delight in torturing his aunt the way he did.  Totally senseless.  The next DB book will contain minute descriptions of some enormous cavernous underground structure (this seems to be a fav for Mr. Brown).  Any reader can add the rest of the story....  "Lost Symbol" was vulgar, improbable, unpleasant, simplistic, ridiculous, tedious.  I gave it 2 stars rather than one for all those readers who get excited by a little bit of symbolism and who love word plays.  Don't waste your time.
 I don't like reading other people's reviews on such subjective topics as books or movies but the negative reviews I have seen about The Lost Symbol are about as redundant as their claims about Brown's plots.  We all know Brown's formula and method of operation and we either love it or hate it.  I wish the people who hate it would stop reading his books expecting some miraculous change and read authors that they know and love.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is exciting and entertaining and was hard for me to put down.  I didn't spend my reading time psychoanalyzing characters or plot holes, I just took it for what I believe it is meant to be:  ENTERTAINMENT.  I watch movies and read books to escape reality and that's what The Lost Symbol did for me.  If you want to be entertained and slightly educated, read the book and ignore the naysayers.
 Dan Brown - THE LOST SYMBOL, 2009<br/><br/>  Like The Da Vinci Code, THE LOST SYMBOL's plot covered in less than a day. Fast-paced, informative and, believe it or not, educational. But above all, it was a true Action / Adventure novel. Dan Brown did a fantastic job of its concoction. He must have done his homework thoroughly. Highly recommended.<br/><br/>  A word of caution though: don't get embarrassed by having a dictionary by your side, you may want to refer to it rather frequently.
 I don't want to go into detail but I really do want to say that this book is a great disappointment.  I often wonder if Dan Brown had a ghost writer for Angels &amp; Demons and D.C. Because I read all of his other books and by chapter 3 you can finish writing the book yourself.  I expected more from this book but it has fallen back into the elementary stages of Brown's writings.  He tries to sound sophisticated using so so so so (I think you get the point) many adjectives.  Leave something to the imagination of the reader. There's being knowledgeableand articulate then there's being showy and pretentious.  This book is definitely the latter.  If he put half as much time into the actual plot as he did in his encyclopedic work it may have turned out so much better, however it did not  :(<br/><br/>If you read it as if a twelve year old wrote it, you'll live it.  Good luck.
 First off, I liked Angels and Demons and DaVinci Code. I am not easily offended by "goofy attacks on religious beliefs". And, as a disclaimer, I must say that I read both of the above BEFORE they "hit it big". So I was free of all the hype.<br/><br/>I wondered if all the hype would now taint me for The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>Answer:<br/>The hype doesn't matter. This book shatters right through any pretense of excusing it for having "too high of expectations" or having to "live up to the Da Vinci Code."  Brown's writing has gotten much worse. Either that, or he is trying to invent a new way of telling a story.<br/><br/>You all know the plot, so I'll jump right in to my issues with the book. Before I do, I will admit that I do think it could make a good movie. It needs work: a new ending, a good dialogue writer, actors who've never read the story, or can at least create their own interpretation of the cardboard mannequins in the book, and a half-dozen other major changes...<br/><br/>Okay, in no specific order:<br/><br/>1. Sato. Ridiculous. Completely unbeleivable. Laughable. Every time she opens her mouth I questioned her credibility. No way a CIA director acts like that, or is that inept.<br/><br/>2. Inner dialogue. Dan Brown needs to lose about 90% of it.<br/><br/>3. Cliffhangers / suspense.  An author simply CANNOT show that a character discovers something, have everyone else see it, acted shocked by it, talk about it, but then NOT tell the reader what just happened. Brown does this over and over again. If the POV character is in the dark, then it is okay for the reader to be in the dark. Otherwise, it is annoying at best, but usually just a lame attempt to build suspense.<br/><br/>4. Shockers.  The more you build them up, the better they need to be. And these were DUDS. And, they were built up to the max. Astounding! Incredible! Langdon (and his tweed jacket) never could have imagined such a thing! It would rock the world! Destroy nations! Cause armageddon!<br/>  ummmmm really? Why? Some dudes participate in rituals, so what?<br/><br/>5. Shockers part two - the big "payoffs" in the revelation of the final location and of the character were both easily guessed hundreds of pages earlier.  Even if someone didnt figure it out, I can imagine them saying... so what?<br/><br/>Final comment - in the immortal words of that ancient philosopher of the mysteries, he who is known as Spongebob Squarepants ..... "ummmm Mr. Brown?  Would you mind writing your books a little bit..... better?"
 another work that is typical of dan brown's style. interesting, provocative and full of topics that provide a starting point for further research by the inquisitive reader. my only qualm is the predictability of the "climactic reveal"; i saw it early in the book. but otherwise, worth reading for fun and information.
 I am proud to say I have never bought a Dan Brown novel. I always read other people's copies, and in short - I suggest you do the same with this book.<br/><br/>A friend borrowed this from the library so I read his borrowed copy quickly before it was due back. In that way there is no official record I read it at all.<br/><br/>And a good thing too. The research in this novel is as bad as ever, the plot preposterous and formulaic (All Dan Brown books have the same plot structure - I guess he feels "why change a winning formula?"). The characters are wooden and lifeless and the action soars across a blank page - a world in which no one but the main characters seem to really exist.<br/><br/>Dan Brown sets this novel in Washington DC - which he ought to be more familiar with than the European cities he visited on his bus tour before basing his novels on those (Note to Dan: Next bus tour, remember to look out of the windows and stop chatting with the person next to you). Sadly citizens of Washington suggest otherwise. Seems that Washington geography gets the Dan Brown treatment.<br/><br/>A new twist for this book though is the sheer dullness of the story. It is tedious.<br/><br/>Brown managed in his earlier books to keep people turning the pages - not entirely legitimately! He is a past master at the cliff hanger chapter end, and the shortest chapters known to man! Those are not really chapters so much as breathing spaces. But in this story the paging turning was a distinct chore. This is really not a fun book to read even for the reader looking for something mindless.<br/><br/>The plot ending is in the "obvious" category. I guessed correctly within the first few chapters (AKA pages), and thereafter was just thinking "get on with it". The plot is also full of holes (like why Langdon is even necessary in this story - he clearly isn't) or why people would not recognise...well I had better not mention that one in case you want to avoid plot spoilers.<br/><br/>I have found a huge list of factual errors, and there are going to be hundreds more if I could be bothered to google them. But how sad would that be? :) As usual the biggest piece of fiction in this book is the standard boilerplate statement that it contains some fact in it!<br/><br/>As something of an expert in Internet Protocols, the "funky format" IP address had me cringing like this was Digital Fortress all over again.<br/><br/>If Brown cannot get technical details (and he cannot), he should just gloss over the details rather than write cringeworthy wrong ones. In essence, if the Internet Protocol address is not in the format of a released protocol, then its not Interent Protocol, is it?! In which case you would not route to the address in the first place!! And as for the description of traceroute - what he calls some mysterious behaviour is in fact the normal behavior of traceroute when traversing routers that filter ICMP messages. Oh and a serious firewall is just blocked ports - you don't get to see the coding! I could go on but I would get very boring!<br/><br/>All this could have been avoided if the narrative had not tried to linger on all these errant details. Just show the hacker working into the night and drinking a lot of coffee and the story would run faster and not be so obviously wrong.<br/><br/>He also repeats his folk etymology of "sincere", using it in the plot - which is sad as the etymology is wrong. Not even disputed - just plain wrong. He also uses a dubious etymology of abracadbra (in this case it is disputed and has no evidence, but could possibly be right - although not the way he spells it. J K Rowling fans will know a better spelling).<br/><br/>The ending of the story wraps up with some mystical nonsense which manages to misread and reverse the words he quotes from the Bible. The "meat for men" passage must be understood in the context of paul *opposing* a mystical interpretation of Christianity. The Corinthians were the ones proposing a mystical interpretation, and Paul says it is wrong!<br/><br/>Still it makes a good story ...well no, it doesn't...but I guess he hoped it would.<br/><br/>Elsewhere the "you are the temple" quote in 1 Cor 3.16 refers to the church, not individuals.<br/><br/>His history is naff too. The Christian cross was a symbol for Christianity from the earliest times - certainly before the 4th century he asserts. We know it was attested as being a standard symbol for Christianity in the second century, and a reading of Corinthians should leave us in no doubt that it was so in the first century too.<br/><br/>The hydrogen explosion suggests he does not understand chemistry either, and the noetics quackery suggests he has some general issues with science.<br/><br/>But perhaps the most annoying error of all - for me - was his repeating the old cannard about Columbus proving the world was round! If people had thought the world was flat in the 15th century the portuguese would not have been navigating with the astrolabe to get around Africa would they!<br/><br/>And indeed, no one thought it was flat. They did not agree entirely on how large the world was, even though Erastothenes had succesfully measured it nearly 2000 years earlier. Columbus was wrong (but lucky). His estimates for the circumference of the earth were wildly understated, based on a misunderstaning of Marco Polo and other such issues, but perhaps mostly because he believed the story of a shipwrecked Portuguese sailor who claimed to have been blown to land in the west (probably Brazil), and the finding of two dead men of "oriental" origin in a Kayak in Ireland (probably Inuit who were swept there).<br/><br/>A Harvard professor probably should have known this rather than repeating the misinformation of a 19th century French atheist (Letronne) who made up the alternate history for his own antireligious reasons. Dan Brown should really spend a bit more time researching his books if he is going to put in all these educated sounding asides in his stories.<br/><br/>On the plus side, I think he got a couple of things right. The history of Cravats was correct (although the folk etymology he puts in the mouth of a past headmaster appears to be his invention. The Croation derivation of Cravat appears to be uncontroversial). Some other fact was correct I think...which is an improvement for Brown as usually the facts are 100% wrong.<br/><br/>Anyhow, anyone thinking of reading this - don't unless you do what I did and read a copy that someone else borrowed from the library! The book is even more boring than this meandering review!
 Brown is great at writing the scenes and keeping up the tension.  The overall content could be organized better -the idea of Noetic science and collective consciousness gets mentioned everywhere, seemed repetitive at places. However, I am glad he is telling the mass about it. We do need to move that way.<br/><br/>The story is gripping, but it's the same old monstrous, grotesque antagonist chasing and butchering Langdon and company. At the end I still don't know what the "lost symbol" was?  Is "symbol" exchangeable with the "word?"
 I read "The Lost Symbol" out of curiosity about what Dan Brown would write about the Washington, D. C. area and the Masons, and to see what the storyline was this time.  Admittedly I had very low expectations, and they were fulfilled.<br/>*Robert Langdon has even less personality than before-his most important personal characteristics are his claustrophobia and wearing a Mickey Mouse watch. The other characters are Brown's boilerplate cast with different names and nationalities.  Over-the-top villain described in disgusting detail.  I like some relation to reality in my fiction-the villain's ability to disguise himself was too unbelievable.  The wig camera is a hoot.<br/>*The "OMG" tone of the characters' thoughts, except where they are ponderous and self-righteous-bad, bad writing.<br/>*The whole book seemed pointless.  It's never clear exactly what Langdon's looking for.  There's the lost word, and the map to the Ancient Mysteries, and the Ancient Mysteries themselves (which are theoretically not lost at all, if they're contained in the sacred books of the world's religions). No lost symbol.  The villain already knew the location of the Masonic pyramid.  Using the severed hand as a puzzle map for Langdon is just another "Look how bad I am" moment.<br/>*The reader doesn't know what the CIA is doing until very late in the storyline, and the CIA wouldn't be involved in domestic matters anyway.  Again, no relation to reality.  Their real function was to provide someone for Langdon to run away from, and provide the authority figure to be an enemy and then a grudging ally of Langdon's.  Had to laugh at the line about a "CIA inquisition."  The big, bad CIA, rather than the big, bad Catholic Church.<br/>*Plot:  The crazed villain is going to tattoo the top of his head with the lost word, sacrifice himself to the dark side, get revenge on those who wronged him, and embarrass the Masons, while preventing the rest of the world from having access to the Ancient Mysteries.  He plays Langdon and Katherine Solomon expertly; they comply with his requests with no verification (I brought the secret artifact that Peter asked me to keep safe with me because someone I'd never heard of or spoken to before told me to?).  The CIA at least had a concrete objective, but their portrayal and behavior were ludicrous.<br/>*Katherine's secret lab-ludicrous.  Peter Solomon can dispose of Smithsonian space to his relatives without formalities?  Katherine has no secure backup for her work?  A carpet path through the dark?  And Peter Solomon's personal space in the Capitol?  Come on.<br/>*Once the villain was disposed of, Dan Brown tried to find some point to it all.  There was really nothing lost to be found, but Langdon had to be convinced that ALL of the world's religions for thousands of years had hidden their common central theme from the unenlightened masses.  For what and how?  And now the Masons can reveal it because of-Katherine Solomon's research?<br/>*Again, it's fiction, but-Katherine Solomon, in an astonishingly short time, and with no apparent help except her mostly-unlamented computer tech and the odd volunteer, no peer review, no corroborative research-has proven the existence of the soul, the ability of humans to affect matter with their thoughts, and all sorts of other things, giving everyone access to the hidden ancient wisdom just as soon as she publishes. All the messy details of competing religions will be forgotten, and we can all become like gods due to our mental abilities, just as soon as this research is released.  Bushwa.<br/>*If you're at all familiar with Washington, D. C., or even able to use the internet, there's nothing amazing about the descriptions of the Capitol and other Washington buildings, except perhaps Brown's continuous attempts to find hidden esoterica.  For example, the painting on the Rotunda of the Capitol is entirely understandable in terms of the 19th century view of George Washington, with no need for convoluted interpretation. He was the father of our country, the exemplar of patriotism, civic duty, and virtue. Many other readers have pointed out numerous errors in the physical descriptions and directions in the book.  The one that stuck out to me:  The Masonic Temple (as it's known to local residents) in Alexandria is not across the street from the King Street Metro station, and that's an easy check.  If you're going to talk about real places, take the 30 seconds it would cost you to get it right.  There was no overriding plot need to change the location.<br/>*Nothing about the Masons was in the least shocking or surprising. They filled the bill for a somewhat secretive, not well-understood group who could be connected to vague esoteric antecedents.  Instead of the Illuminati and Opus Dei as bad guys, you have the Masons as good guys.  Check out some of the Masonic websites for their takes on Brown's descriptions of their rituals and symbols.<br/>*The Solomons are superhumans-no physical repercussions from serious blood loss or nonsurgical amputation-no shock, no pain-Maybe I'll show up at the hospital after I convince this friend of mine that he can get hidden ancient knowledge out of this stone.<br/>All in all, just a badly written, silly, pointless book.
 Among the main characters, the lone Asian person, Director Inoue Sato of the CIA is portrayed as a smart, efficient, tough but an unattractive woman. She's described as being short and small, chain-smoking that manifests into her yellow teeth and foul breath, unsociable, unsympathetic, heavy handed and threatening  when dealing with subordinates and the public using bad language (swearing)...etc...<br/><br/>In one swoop, Dan Brown provides a stereotypical image of a repulsive female and Asian in a position of authority, even if she's a good guy. The only other repulsive main character in the novel is the villain himself, the demonic Mal'akh.<br/><br/>But Mr. Brown  can certainly  redeem himself to his Asian and/or  female audience by rewriting the character of Inoue Sato for the movie. She can be tough and no-nonsense but she  doesn't have to be physically unattractive or having bad manners. A senior CIA official will not swear in front of the public while chain smoking, even if that official were a male.<br/><br/>Casting someone like Michelle Yeoh in the role would be a good move. As demonstrated by her performance in Couching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Ms. Yeoh can be tough and feminine at the same time. And she's not a midget either!
 I just finished reading "The Lost Symbol." And yes, in its favor is that I not only finished reading it, I did so in two days. (You know the way you remove a Band-Aid by yanking it off in one quick motion, rather than peel it off slowly and prolong the pain? 'Nuff said.)<br/><br/>First, I have to say that I think many modern American readers will enjoy this book immensely. It proposes more half-baked theories based in self-importance and elitism than any book in years. While the surface setting of the novel may be Washington, D.C., the real setting is -- as always in his books -- a secret society that believes itself privy to secrets that the rabble are not aware of, and furthermore believes itself more entitled to lead the rabble and shape the world because of its knowledge of those secrets.<br/><br/>The secret society in this case is Masonry. And there is no question that, factually, Masons have been "movers and shakers" in Western society for centuries. Whether their beliefs and their tendency to dress up in funny clothes and perform odd rituals involving the mimicking of death and drinking from skulls did anything to enhance their ability to be movers or shakers or was just elitist hubris and spiritual cross-dressing, the fact remains that a lot of the world's movers and shakers were Masons. The thing to remember in my opinion -- both when evaluating the impact of Masonry on the world and this novel -- is that a much larger percentage of them weren't.<br/><br/>If you've read any Dan Brown novel in the past, I don't have to tell you about the plot. A flamboyant villain (the albino priest from "The Da Vinci Code" wasn't flashy enough, so this novel has a villain who has covered almost every square inch of his body with tattoos ) tries to do something dastardly, related to a secret society. Professor Robert Langdon steps in to save the day. The plot seems to involve supernatural events, but resolves itself in the most mundane way imaginable, without the need for any supernatural or esoteric explanation whatsoever. All of the characters spend the entire book talking like docents, spewing an almost unendurable plethora of facts at you, few of which are actually necessary or relevant. Langdon still doesn't get laid. And most important, even though the plot doesn't actually rely on *any* of the supernatural or esoteric facts Brown has his characters spew at you, and as a reader there is no need to believe a word of the esoteric stuff, after resolving the plot Brown spends an additional 50 pages trying to get you, the reader, to believe in all the esoteric stuff ANYWAY. It's almost as if he ends the book by justifying spending six years writing it.<br/><br/>That said, it's a fast read and a veritable page-turner. If you *enjoy* spiritual elitism and conspiracy theories, you might enjoy being preached to by the literary equivalent of Cliff Claven from "Cheers" for 500 pages. Just don't ask tough questions like how the smartest scientists in the world and the leader of the Masonic Order in Washington, D.C. haven't figured out how to use a flashlight, rather than walk over and over through a pitch-black room.
 I've enjoyed all four of Brown's prior novels and while I enjoyed "The Lost Symbol," it's definitely his weakest effort to date and a bit of a disappointment after the long wait.  The book moves along at a decent clip and is nearly always engaging.  Despite some unnecessarily complex syntax, Brown is an immensely readable author, and the book definitely had me pining for a trip to Washington.<br/><br/>One of my biggest problems with the book is that it lacks the grand scope, or at least the perpetual forward motion, of his earlier novels.  Without giving too much away, the plot here involves a single artifact uncovered early in the book that leads to very little payoff.  When taken as a whole, great sections of the book seem to be more about spinning wheels than moving toward the conclusion.  Brown also sets up characters, locations and objects as significant but barely follows through with their resolutions on several occasions.<br/><br/>That said, Landon is entertaining as always, and I like how Brown is such an academic that he thinks a professor would get "wild applause" after a lecture on freemasonry.  Unfortunately, as mentioned in some of the other reviews, Langdon doesn't do much in this book, and even Langdon himself says as much.  Because Katherine is an intellectual match, Langdon doesn't have to carry the investigation and basically does nothing in the last half of the book.<br/><br/>Despite these flaws, I would have rated the book at least 3.5 stars, maybe 4, as a fun read if not for the terrible rambling conclusion.  I'm not sure what Brown was thinking by dragging his book a full fifty pages past its climactic resolution (that's 10% of the book in case you're counting) but I nearly stopped reading.  The end of this is preachy and often eye-rolling and left me pining for the final page.  Luckily, the last few pages are significantly better than most of the conclusion.<br/><br/>All in all, "The Lost Symbol" is a passable effort from Brown but not as satisfying as his earlier work or other recent best-selling thrillers.  And I expect Brown can thank his last-act rambling for much of the ill-will toward this book.
 The story itself is generally not interesting -- the details/connections/coincidences from history are what caught my interest. The story's received enough third-party professional opinions that I won't laden this review with my own.<br/><br/>The reading itself is pretty good. Decent distinction between the handful of characters, although they do seem like caricatures at time. The narrator has impressive range, but the "extremes" of the voices make the already outlandish characters even more cartoonish.
 I enjoyed DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demon so much so I was looking forward to this book. The first half of the book seems up to par, with the usual Dan Brown suspense/thriller vibe. However, towards the end, it was more of a blah...blah...blah..., nothing much to it. It's like he was just filling in the pages. There was no big revelation at the end, somehow even a disconnect to the first half of the book. As in the past 2 books, every event, every character somehow ties in together, this one failed to do that. I wish I could get back all the sleepless nights I lost trying to finish this book. Oh well......
 For about the first half of the book, I was hooked.  Even though I figured out the major plot twist, I was still fine with watching it unravel.  However, the last 1/3 of the book was a disappointment, and the ending was a real "huh?" moment for me.<br/><br/>I agree with another review that a lot of minute detail could have been left out without sacrificing character development and plot or story lines.  I stopped reading Tom Clancy for the same reason - endless droning on about pointless details.
 The general writing style of this book is average, but that's really where the positives stop.  Much of the author's research is slightly off, from etymology to technology, both in substance and chronology.  In the book the author says that using Google isn't really research, but it seems like he just Googled everything for this book, and not very well at that.  The characters are poorly written, with most of them being overly dense and unaware, and his main character, Robert Langdon, is equally dense in some areas, sanctimonious in others.  The characters come across as unrealistic, unenjoyable, and unlikable.  I'm sorry I bought this book new instead of used, as this is one that certainly didn't deserve my money, or the time spent reading it.  If you haven't bought this book yet, save yourself some money and buy something else.
 A fast-moving and intriguing plot--demonstrating Dan Brown's skill in presenting interesting narratives, which include current scientific facts and theories.
 What can I say that the book critics have not already said about this<br/>latest novel by Dan Brown? It is a truly spectacular read. For Masons,<br/>and particularly Scottish Rite Masons, this book will touch upon your<br/>experiences in the fraternity and make you truly proud of who you are<br/>and your choice to enter Freemasonry.<br/>For many of you who do not know<br/> much about the Freemasons and what the organization is all about, this<br/>novel will clarify many misinterpretations that are floating around out<br/>there. Eye-opening for those unaccustomed to the fraternity; reaffirming<br/> for those within it.<br/>Even outside the interest of Masonry, this novel is a great read: fast-paced and full of surprises.<br/>Pick it up; you won't be disappointed.
 Not a strong plot.  But entertaining almost in the same way as the film "National Treasure".  It actually reminded me of that movie a lot.<br/><br/>One thing that bothered me.  Granted I'm not quite done with the book, but "INOUE SATO" is not a Japanese name.  Well, they are.  But they are two very common last names.  INOUE is never a first name.  So unless it turns out that this character decided to use two last names for some weird reason that is explained in the last half of the book, it is a very obvious mistake.  I can't imagine how hard it would be to ask a Japanese person "Hey, does this name sound OK?" before publishing a book this high profile.<br/><br/>For now, I have no faith in anything he writes in this book.  If he can make such a simple mistake (or his assistant), what else is completely wrong in this book that seemed to be filled with information that appear incredible.  Perhaps the whole book is a joke on us.<br/><br/>P.S.  It's possible that he did explain why this person has two last names for a name (we don't do this in Japan - yes, I'm Japanese) earlier in the book and I completely missed it.  It's not a kind of book you feel like you want to read every detail.  In fact, I am trying to practice speed reading for the last half!
 This is another race the clock thriller like both Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons.  The story keeps jumping around and just when you think that you (and Langdon)have your mind wrapped around something, that fact changes and you are off again on another chase still trying to make it in time.  I would not consider this story to be as good as Da Vinci Code, it is still an enjoyable read in its own right.<br/><br/>One of the best aspects of this book for an American reader like myself is that it takes place in Washington DC and shows off the history and culture of the area.  While it was very interesting to read the historical items about Paris, London, Rome, and Vatican City, it means a lot more when it is somewhere in your own country along with the fact that I have visited some of the places mentioned in story.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book for anyone who enjoys a good thrill-a-minute ride along with one where the facts change almost as fast as you turn the page.  Just be ready to spend some time with it since you will find yourself wanting to read just a couple more pages to see what happens next.
 A pretty bad book.  I enjoyed Dan Brown's previous books which were silly but fun, but this book felt like he did not have many ideas so was trying to fill space as much as possible.  Repeated instances where he dragged out the reveals pretty ridiculously, using the same verbal formulas over and over again.  Also, really needed some editing, both for length and for details.  For example, a knife which is descried several times as having an iron blade and a bone handle is once described as an obsidian knife.  This is a little baffling to me.
 The book The Lost Symbol by Dan brown is about how this professor from Harvard is called to help solve this case by finding out what a series of clues mean. In many of Dan Browns book he often will start out the book in a different place then move to Washington D.C.  and then call in Professor Robert Langdon to help solve the case. Then towards the end of the book all of the pieces of the puzzle fit together and the person is caught.<br/>  When I first read the book I noticed that The Lost Symbol is very similar to his previous books, in that it has the same formulaic plot, structure, and theme, only this time it takes place in Washington, D.C. and involves the Freemasons instead of the Knights Templar. Just like in the Da Vinci Code, Langdon is called to Washington at a friend's request, only to find him missing, and spends the rest of the book chasing clues throughout the city and trying to outwit a new villain who is seemingly as smart as he is.<br/>  Also when reading the book I found that it was sometimes hard to comprehend that situation and fully understand the religious references that Dan Brown made throughout the book. I would most definitely recommend this book to a friend who is interested in reading this kind of material. i think that it would be very hard for him to put it down just as it was for me.
 Dan Brown has once again graced our presence with Robert Langdon, symbologist extraordinaire. Having read The DaVinci Code 5 times, I am familiar with the writings of Brown, and my perceived personality of Langdon.<br/><br/>First off, as always Brown's research is compelling, and will open the door to many who do not know of certain books, sciences, and locales. In this regard, I love Brown's ability to pull all of this together. Though I would prefer it in non-fiction form.<br/><br/>The plot was so-so, I found the descriptions of the characters other than Langdon, weak at best. The history behind the characters is almost non-existent. In parts the plot was cheesy, and the story wrapped around the history and the non-fiction is not all that great.<br/><br/>All in all, a decent read, but I find the Sigma Force Novels by James Rollins, better written, the characters more interesting, with just as much science and history.
 It seemed like a good idea at the time:  a long road trip, an intricate Dan Brown plot.  But no.  This book did not live up to my expectations which really weren't that high to begin -- I don't expect Dickens or Shakespeare from DB but I did expect a decently plotted and at least minimally edited story.<br/><br/>Instead, I got a painfully repetitive, unimaginative, loudly foreshadowed plot. Did anyone reading (or listening) really not know by the end of the first chapter just where the last plot point would be unveiled?  And how many times must one be told of that (apparently endless!) last moment in drowning when one breathes in the water?  Apparently, per DB, that answer is three, in case we didn't catch it either of the first two times.  And then there are the interminable lists:  of the many cultures and religions that have the "Word," or the practice, and and and ....<br/><br/>All of which is more horrible on CD, for the failure of the equivalent of being able to quickly scan and skip pages.  We would have skipped fully 1/4 of the book, had we read rather than heard it, simply to avoid repetition or, worse, the copied-from-Wikipedia expositions of obscure, irrelevant points.  (That l-o-n-g story about the scale to measure the weight of one's soul ... !)<br/><br/>If you must experience this (against most recommendations), at least do it by book.
 On a positive note, the subject matter was interesting and some historical facts in it were fun.  The scientific facts were very interesting and the symbology was fascinating.  Having said that, this book was a huge let-down!  I LOVED DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons was at least plausible (most of it) but the story line itself of THE LOST SYMBOL is completely unbelievable.  The main villain in this story is absurd, I think a high school student could come up with something better.  Most of the time, I was turning the page hoping it was going to get better.  And most of the time, I was saying "Oh, come ON!" and was just amazed that Dan Brown would put his name on this book.  What happened?  He needs to fire his editor and anyone else that had a hand in this crap!  If I was Mr. Brown, I'd be embarrassed!  If it comes out in a movie, I don't even know that I'd watch it, especially if they follow the storyline because its completely unbelievable!  Dan Brown is assuming that his readers are idiots.  Anyone that reads books today implies some level of intelligence; a level that Dan Brown did not meet in his latest book.  I was sorely disappointed, after being excited.  I was amazed I made it through the book.  It had alot of parts in it that were completely unnecessary... Literary fluff. I felt insulted as a reader to think I would buy such a poorly-turned story.  Really, if you're a Dan Brown fan and want to stay that way? Don't bother! Seriously!
 I really wanted to like this book, The Lost Symbol, because I enjoyed the first book of his I read, The Da Vinci Code, and I also enjoyed the Da Vince Code Movie. I also read Angels &amp; Demons and saw the movie, but I liked "Angels" less (I know he wrote Angels before Da Vinci). I didn't even finish The Lost Symbol. The last few chapters were rambling filler and I just got bored to tears with it. All three Brown novels have unbelievable aspects to them that are just unnecessary and take away from the story. For example, in Angels, Langdon jumps out of a helicopter and glides down to earth with the helicopter's sunscreen as a parachute(!)....talk about "Jumping the Shark". Note in the movie this was changed. In The Lost Symbol, Brown "Jumped the Shark" when the character Peter Solomon, rescued after having had his hand chopped off and then tortured to reveal "secrets", nonchalantly chatters away about the Masons without a second thought about his trauma. The only reference to his injuries is a suggestion that he should probably go to the hospital at some point. Well, yeah, maybe so. I suppose I'll see the movie when it comes out, as it surely will, but it'll take a VERY good screenwriter to make a decent movie out of the book.
 What can one add with over two thousand reviews? Dan Brown has struck a chord for sure, and Freemasons  are glad to see their Craft engaged in a sympathetic way in a fun tale that will delight a lot of people. In addition, Masonic scholars are glad for the general interest in a serious subject.  Meanwhile the intriguing meaning behind the mysteries fictionalized in this book are being thoroughly examined by Masonic scholars in a serious way. On a site like the fine Masonic Sourcebook, which specializes in accurate information about Freemasonry you can find an article like "The Impetus for the Grand Lodge of 1717" which gives scholarly background  in the mysteries of Jewish Kabbalah for the fascinating fictional story spun in Dan Brown's Lost Symbol.
 After his other books, this one was a disappointment.  It had an interesting mystery, but the resolution was pathetic.  It was like that riddle about what's always coming but never arrives (Tomorrow - only this time, tomorrow never came).  It was also rather ponderous without being genuinely intellectual.  I think Brown would do better to cut the verbiage and give his books a more exciting driving force.  In this case there was none of the sense that a lot hung in the balance, as there was in Digital Fortress, Deception Point and Angels and Demons.  In that respect it was more like the Da Vinci Code, but less interesting.  It has got to the point that the Dan Brown imitators are more exciting than Dan Brown himself, and that suggests that he's past his sell-by date.  I was recently reading <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Moses-Legacy/dp/B004XOZ9JG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Moses Legacy</a> by Adam Palmer and it reminded me of all that a Dan brown book SHOULD be.
 It is not like me to write a book review of any sort, even if I tend to either dislike a book incredibly or want to reread one right after being finished.  However, today I cannot do without saying a few words on Dan Brown's "The Lost Symbol" since it was one of the most disappointing literal works I have ever come across.  Dan Brown captivated me, as millions of others, with "The Da Vinci Code", "Angels &amp; Demons", "Deception Point" and "Digital Fortress" even though I found his writing skills are not to be compared to others of his category in that they are extremely basic.  Basic indeed, easy to read through, funny little word misplacements here and there, yet his ability to capture a reader's attention was absolutely out of this world.  Dan Brown was, in my opinion, one of the few authors who actually studied his subjects to the point of placing you right in the midst of the story as if you were an outsider looking into the action as it was occurring.  Every time I turned a page, I felt as if I was discovering something new, even learning something new about the carefully formulated background information he was feeding us on the church, the masons, St. Peter's cathedral, the government cover-ups, the landscapes, the cultures and the characters of his fictitious genial mind.  In fact, I admired him for being able to create fiction out of reality and turning reality into fiction.  This is what made him so admirable and why so many, like myself, were eager to get their hands on his next books, books that were always extremely difficult to put down and often too quickly finished.  So, I am just wondering Dan Brown, what exactly happened with "The Lost Symbol", which I think should be re-entitled "The Lost Dan Brown".  Where was the research, the moment of instruction, why did your fiction not turn into reality and the reality into fiction, but, most importantly, why was this book so hard to pick up?  Could it be because it was contradicting, improbable, repetitious and highly beneath your capabilities?  It was very hard to feel part of the book as an outsider looking into the very heart of the story.  Why does Mal'ak tell a story in the beginning that entirely contradicts the story he presents to his father Peter Solomon towards the end of the story?  How is it humanly possible for Langdon to resurface and pursue the chase after going through that rebirthing drowning experience?  How does Rachel recover so quickly from having almost bled to death?...  And again, what exactly is the lost symbol?  Is it the Bible?  If so, how does that become a matter of National Security to be protected at all cost?  Also, I found agent Sato to be quite similar to the White House Representative in "Deception Point".  As Sato was a rough, cigarette smoking questionable individual who seemed to be in the wrong only to be discover a good person in the end.  The only difference with this character is that she ended up living instead of dying blown up as the character in "Deception Point" did.  I think Jack Langdon should have died because there is no way I could ever even think twice about buying another sequel of the Langdon legacy considering how bad this last masterpiece really was.  Can we get our money back?
 Living in Washington, DC, I eagerly anticipated The Lost Symbol hoping to catch some insight into the local history. What I was left with was a large case of buyer's remorse. I am familar with Dan Brown, having read all of his previous books beginning with The Da Vinci Code and working my way back.<br/><br/>The first thing that struck me was for such a famous author, I found Dan Brown's writing style boring. His character interaction has the sophistication of dripping water. What saves Brown are the truly interesting historical facts he draws out.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol begins with Professor Robert Langdon tricked into coming to Washington to give a speech in the Capitol. What quickly transpires is a set of unbelievable circumstances I constantly found myself asking the pages, "Are you serious?"<br/><br/>Now I must add that Brown did toss in enough twists so that every time I thought I had figured everything out, I was pleasantly surprised to find out I was wrong. On that thought though, I feel that Brown lied to the reader about the major character plot twist. Early on, I had made the correct guess about that character but I discounted it because of the way Brown presented certain passages. It's nice to toss twists at the reader, but please don't lie to the reader to get there.  On a side note, I do not know if it was intentional or not but the King Street Metro stop doesn't come close to resembling what Brown described.]<br/><br/>By the time the National Security secret was revealed, I put the book down and almost walked away. I really could not believe that this story was revolving around that far flung problem.<br/><br/>By the end of the book I was glad that I had read it but I felt cheated. Interesting Masonic and Washington tidbits, poor plot and writing style. If you can overlook the negative which I mentioned then you will probably enjoy the book, if you can't then you will probably feel cheated.
 I enjoy all of Dan Brown's books and this is no exception.  This book brings you into the world of the Freemasons as if you were one of them.  All the while wrapped within a mystery involving a killer and his quest for immortality.
 As I was reading other reviews for this book I was shocked. I will not use big words to describe why I think this book is amazing I will only offer my humble opinion. In a world filled with bad reviews a good review is needed. Dan Brown's books are refreshing in that while they can get rather lengthy they grab you from page one and keep you wanting more. Yes he uses a lot of descriptive language but for me this only allows me to better picture in my mind the plot and setting. Also, Dan Brown sticks to what he knows works he uses a recurring character, Robert Langdon, gives Langdon a symbol related problem that takes him all over particular cities, pairs him with a female sidekick, and offers an offhand twist to something based in religion. To me Brown's fast paced books are extraodinary in that he really challenges you to think about things in a different light. Personally I find his logic hard not to believe. At the end of the day I consider what his logic has handed me and I wonder "what would the world be like if this were true?". All I can say is if you are bored with Brown's repetitive style quit picking up his books. I for one hope there will be another Langdon novel because I believe there is much more for him to learn.
 The more I think about this book, the more disappointing it was. I would say that only 40% of the book involved an actual plot, and the rest was the pseudo-psychological-religious ramblings of a man trying to fill his publisher's page quota. This book was painfully slow in places, and, in fact, the reader isn't even told why the outcome affects the life of more than 1 man (or why he should care) until right before the climax. And even then,  SPOILER Alert] the only thing that really hangs in the balance is the public image of the Masonic Lodge. In the end, if the bad guy totally gets his way, he would kill ONE person, and the Masons will have to hire a publicist to do some public relations work. Oh no! I hope the educated moron, Robert Langdon, can save the day. If anyone cares, I'm done with Dan Brown and his watered-down milk, at least until he can write a book with a little meat on its bones.
 Could anyone possibly believe that all of the events in this book and all of the movement and all of the repetition of building names and places take only four or five days perhaps??  And did this book need drones which often appeared but never fired a shot???  Would Langdon  really have switched the masks in a room with multiple filming devices.<br/><br/>I did take a look at the book Palazzo Vecchio (copyright 1989 in Florence by Scala). You may recall the chase through the attics of the room of the 500 from which the motorcycle lady fell to her death. There is a great photo of these rafters on page 50. Now that is something real and solid and beautifully crafted in this book! The rest is superficial bloat which ultimately fizzles out.
 Since The Lost Symbol got so many mixed reviews, I didn't read it when it first came out. I seriously loved all of Dan Brown's other books and didn't want to be disappointed that one of my favorite authors had slipped. But curiosity finally got me and I picked it up... and haven't been able to put it down! I am literally confused when reading the bad reviews. This book, the story, the education, is FASCINATING. Dan Brown has an amazing mind to put together stores that weave themselves together so perfectly. I can't stop reading it and don't want it to end. Conspiracy theorists, those with open minds, those intellectually curious, you will love, love, love this book. I know this sounds like a ringer review. I do not know the author and won't gain a thing from writing this, but I loved the book that much, so don't be afraid to check it out. Dan Brown, please write more, I am anxiously awaiting!!!
 I'm not sure why this book has been so poorly reviewed.  It is not outstanding - it's formulaic and a bit long - but it's decent.  Any book that keeps me up late, reading more and more so I can see what happens next is worthy of three stars.  It is entertaining even if it's not as good as the Da Vinci code.  As long as one's expectations are not too high this book is enjoyable.  It is worth a read for sure.<br/><br/>The thing that really bothered me was that there were WAY WAY too many words in italics.
 Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon travels to Washington DC to meet his old friend, mentor and prominent mason Peter Solomon.  Langdon is to deliver an evening lecture in the US Capitol Building.  On arrival he finds the severed right hand of his friend placed in the Capitol rotunda.  Yes, the night has taken a bizarre turn ... and the bizarreness keeps on happening right through to the end.<br/><br/>Langdon's mission is to save Peter Solomon who has been kidnapped. This involves joining forces with Peter's sister Katherine, delving into Masonic secrets, and (of course) treading on the toes of the CIA.  Oh, and I must mention the new bad guy and Langdon's adversary: Mal'akh, the tattooed eunuch bodybuilder.<br/><br/>I found this novel highly entertaining, in a very implausible way.  There is frenetic action galore, some interesting snippets of information about the Freemasonry and Washington DC.  A good escapist read for those of us who sometimes need and enjoy a novel that requires no commitment except for time.<br/><br/>Jennifer Cameron-Smith
 Long ago, Dan Brown published a book called Digital Fortress. I read it after having enjoyed DaVinci Code. That book was a real stinker. Dan has now created another real stinker in the Lost Symbol. Hardly the adventure for fans of Brown, this was a tedious read for most of the 500 pages. While all of his writing and characters are fairly simple, the stories and plots can grab you. I was totally absorbed by Deception Point, DaVinci Code and Angels&amp;Demons. This new book is, unfortunately, not on par with those three.
 I'll keep this short compared to the "novels" of other reviewers. I'm no writer but I am an avid reader. I was #15 on the wait list at our public library (and I'm a board member)for this book. The anticipation for this read was agonizing. I loved DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons so it was my own fault that my expectations were so high. It was a disappointment. This book dragged on so long I found myself skipping whole paragraphs in an effort to get through it. While some passages were interesting (the study of noetic science)much was deadly boring and a waste of paper. I think (know)Dan Brown can do better, he has already proven it. Don't let the critics frighten you and don't take everything so seriously. The first two books were awesome reads because they were not only interesting,but informative and thought provoking with good old fashioned story telling and a hero we could root for. Go back to that formula. It felt like you had to prove every single thought.....you didn't, you had it right the first time when you wern't afraid of your critics.
 The end of the book became a little too much like a Stephan King novel
 While the book certainly had Brown's hefty helping of interesting history merged with groundbreaking science, The Lost Symbol didn't have the same kind of punch that The Da Vinci Code and Inferno had. In Da Vinci Code and Inferno, you truly feel like everything in the story is related. By the end of The Lost Symbol, it feels like several aspects of the story were just thrown in to make the book longer. In addition, some of the major plot points could be easily seen 100's of pages in advance. I enjoyed the first half of the ride, but I found myself just waiting for it to be over by the end.
 As a member of IONS (Institute of Noetic Sciences), I read "The Lost Symbol" to see how well Dan Brown would write about noetic scientists' consciousness research, about symbolism, and of course, I also read it for entertainment value. I noted that Brown spent quite a bit of time at the beginning of the book setting up the details of the research lab used by noetic scientist Katherine Solomon; however, he never does a thing related to noetic science with this intriguing set-up nor does he connect Solomon's work in any way to the sub-text of symbolism and mysticism running through the book. Brown doesn't demonstrate understanding of consciousness research and I found myself having to read through endless pages, looking for a depth that simply doesn't exist in this book. I usually don't read thrillers and I have not read "The Da Vinci Code". I am therefore an easily-drawn-in novice and I allowed myself to be pulled forward by the action in spite of some pretty gruesome violence and some pretty silly so-called "esoteric" moments with the Masons. I was expecting a meaningful payoff that never came. Certainly I am now more intrigued by places in Washington D.C. that I now would like to visit, but Dan Brown completely forfeited the opportunity this novel gave him to provide genuine spiritual wisdom/insight and current information on the scientific research into consciousness. Instead, he went for Masonic ritual (yikes!) and then for some shallow statements in the last few pages of the book where he named a few sacred texts and general concepts. However, none of the characters in the book are made capable of providing insight into spiritual practices nor into their research results. Concepts like "thought", "mind" and "energy" are all run together in about 5 sentences as if they're the same thing; how they relate to whatever "symbol" is found (or not found) is completely oblique. Quite a bit of text in the last few pages is devoted to generalized discussion and then to talking about the Bible as a text providing spiritual wisdom; the character Katherine Solomon exclaims that the Bible contains "scientific information" when in fact any in-depth student of the Bible knows that the early mystery teachings containing the practices which can and have been researched and that can lead to realization of God within, were taken out of the Bible by the Church and can now be found only in places like the Nag Hammadi Library  ...]. Also, Brown's statement "The science of Noetics . . .is the study of human thought" (pg. 498) is not accurate. I recommend looking into the real Institute of Noetic Sciences  ...]. I would not recommend this book to anyone who really wants to understand what our lost symbols are or what they mean. One of the book's themes - that it's a national security threat if the public learns that some of our leaders practice Masonic rituals - is pretty silly.
 Unlike the Da Vinci Code this time page turner Dan Brown sets the action and keeps it in Washington DC. I won't go into the plot details as many others have already done that here. Suffice it to say this time it involves the Masons and the upper echelons of US government. Obviously this novel isn't to be judged on high literary merits, but in terms of pop novel entertainment, it rates high. I stayed up late into the night to find out the denouement of the story. The secret being sought is not as interesting as in the Da Vinci code, but fascinating nonetheless. In my opinion all the negative reviews are just plain jealousy. If it is so easy to write a page turner all of us would be on the Bestseller list too.
 Not a bad read, but just goes on tooo long!  OK, already, enough with the descriptions of every detail of every building, symbol, etc.  Solve the mystery &amp; be done with it!  Robert Langdon is an interesting &amp; lovable character, and I got hooked on the mystery, wanting him to succeed, so I finished the book &amp; was glad when it all finally came to an end!
 I will start with the positives; the first 100 or so pages are interesting and it is a page turner up until that point.  Ok so one positive!<br/><br/>The problem with this book as other reviewers have pointed out is that at least 20% of the book could be cut out. Far too much time is devoted to describing pointless details and by the end it was very tiresome. The scene which Robert Langdon was "drowned" is the most ridiculous thing I have ever read, there was no need for it as it didn't further the plot and there was never an explanation for it. The constant cliff-hangers just get very tedious and it always followed the same repetitive pattern: " Insert name} couldn't believe what he/she was seeing..." then end of chapter.To me it just seemed Mr Brown was being very self-indulgent with his writing. Also for someone supposedly so smart how dumb/naive is Langdon? Massive plot-holes all over the place.<br/><br/>I lost patience by the end and skimmed the last 50 or so pages, which again were totally unnecessary. I couldn't wait to finish this book as I was getting more and more annoyed with it. Very disappointing.
 I was expecting the worst given the critics' and readers' reviews, but it was actually a pretty good read. Yes some of the plot is hard to believe, but that's consistent with most thrillers these days. Overall i found it engaging, relatively fast paced, with some interesting plot twists. It's been 5+ years since I read the Da Vinci code, and undoubtedly that helped as his writing is formulaic.<br/><br/>The last few chapters however, were a significant detraction, and the book should have ended with the villain. Rambling on about some puerile pseudo-science left this reader with a bad taste as i closed the cover.<br/><br/>Ok i would have given it 3.5 stars, if I could...
 Having read the other Dan Brown books featuring Robert Langdon,I found the Lost Symbol to be similar enough but not necessarily more of the same. Brown seems to have dumbed Robert Langdon down for this epic. In The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons langdon seemed to have more depth of understanding and control over everything he encountered. Religious history,secret societies,quantum physics and evil camerlengos didn't seem to phase this James Bond like charactor in tweed. The Robert langdon in The Lost Symbol was tediously dull often seeming confused and overwhelmed.He seemed to have lost his edge. Maybe he is getting old. As in his other books, Brown employs mysterious but factual organizations, places, and things like the metaphysical and quantum physics to keep your interest throughout.The story moves along nicely and has an unexpected twist near the end. There were parts however that I found insultingly unrealistic. Peter Solomon, after having his hand severed just hours earler by his evil estranged son calmly goes on a tour of the Washington Monument with his friend Langdon to look for the lost word. He does later decide, at langdons insistance to stop by the hospital to have that stump looked at. Peter's sister Katherine who has been inpaled with a spigot which drains a good portion of her blood a short time ago decides to spend the rest of the evening site seeing in DC with Langdon. Aside from some of the maddeningly unlikely scenarios I did enjoy the book as I have most of Brown's works.
 I read this book in one continuous session - finished reading it at 5 o'clock in the morning.  I am a huge fan of all previous Dan Brown's works, as they were fairly well-written, sophisticated, and entertaining reads, with believable and reasonably well developed characters.  Somehow, for me, "Lost Symbol" was also impossible to put down.  A page-turner? Apparently, when nothing makes sense, it may resemble a puzzle. In reality, this book as a well-disguised pile of trash, rigmarole, and hallucinatory almost sick fantasizing on religion, history, and mysticism.<br/><br/>I regret buying and reading this book and would not recommend it even to the most faithful Dan Brown's fans.  No matter how much you may have loved "Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Daemons", chances are, "Lost Symbol" will hugely disappoint you.<br/><br/>First, most characters are bleak, weak, undeveloped, and their motives and actions are poorly substantiated and rather irrational. Robert Langdon's character is so boring that it is difficult for the reader to feel for him or to care about his ordeals.  Moreover, the plot becomes utterly ridiculous at times. For example, I can't believe a person who has just lost a quart of blood, a person who nearly drowned, and a person whose hand was cut off several hours ago may engage in a long in-depth conversation on historical and philosophical matters while running for their lives several hundred steps up and down the stairs.<br/><br/>Second, the plot concept is so far-fetched and overloaded that the characters had to engage in numerous several-pages-long conversations to provide the reader with sufficient information about particular aspects of masonic history, legends, etc.  Without these history lectures inserted into the text to assist the reader in plot comprehension, reading simply cannot continue.<br/><br/>Third, towards the end, the ritualistic elements overwhelm the plot, and the story becomes completely idiotic and unbelievable.  The reader continues mainly in fading hope of eventually being able to make order out of increasingly chaotic mess of historic facts, legends, and sick fantasy.  Yet, the ending is so bad and anticlimactic that I felt intellectually insulted.<br/><br/>Strongly not recommended even to those who consider "Da Vinci Code" to be a masterpiece.  Dear Hollywood, please, don't bother with a movie version of this crap.
 The Lost Symbol is about what you would expect as a years-late follow-up to Da Vinci Code: a formula that works and keeps you turning the pages, shallow characters and plenty of suspense and action. But two things drag this book down:<br/>1. The plot that you read his books for winds up tightly as you would expect, but then you get 45 pages of drivel that try to tie up loose ends and make the make arc of the story relevant to your spirituality.<br/>2. Brown's treatment of Masons goes beyond the casual and intriguing education that you read his books for and digresses into infatuation, glorification and justification of their traditions. I knew little about Masons before reading this and now feel like I know less.<br/><br/>I'm glad I read this as an easy, fast-paced thriller, but by the end I felt like I was reading Dianetics.
 It is what it is and as a writer Dan Brown is Dan Brown. I don't want to fall into describing what the book isn't, or what Dan Brown as a writer isn't, as so many media reviewers do with Brown. No one will call him a dazzling prose stylist. It is an interesting summer or airplane read and is certainly swiftly paced. However, for a book based on so much action, it is remarkably static. Whether purposeful or not, the plot twists and ending were fairly predictable early in the book. It is obviously deeply researched and once again on a topic Dan Brown has a real passion for. The book is an entertainment, and on that point it succeeds, but it is just an entertainment.
 I loved the Da Vinci Code.  I really liked Angels and Demons.  The Lost Symbol was ... eh (shoulder shrug).  This book seemed very formulaic (in a complex, convoluted, hard to follow sense of the term formula).  There were some interesting twists that I was surprised by, but overall, this just seemed forced to me.  Maybe I had overly high expectations, but I was rather disappointed by this book.  It is a read-once-only book, whereas the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons are re-readable many times.
 With much anticipation, I dropped what I was reading to start the book.  It started well and kept going down after that.  The plot was very esoteric and gave me a headache trying to understand the physics of it all.  The characters reminded me too much of the Da Vinci Code.  It got worse as it got along.  He kept repeating himself as if to make sure the reader could understand.  What I could understand did not need to be repeated.  Towards the middle I was reading faster to get to the end and when I did it was a bummer. The ending of the Code was beautiful and haunting.  I don't understand his obsession with pyramids.<br/><br/>Living in DC area (Alexandria) I found his research into the area fun.  He did his homework about the sites in and around DC, enough to make me visit sites I passed everyday without noticing.  He certainly got Alexandria right.  Unfortunately, that was the only thing I found fun.<br/><br/>Wait for the paperback; or better still, take it out of the library if you mus.
 Although it took me a good 300 pages to say the book was great,  I did end up enjoying this novel.  I do have to say that it was impossible to live up to the expectations of The Da Vinci Code which I totally loved.  As I read the book I also could not get away from envisioning Tom Hanks as Robert Langdon and few cast members from "24" or CTU on his trail.<br/><br/>The plot was somewhat predictable for the first part of the book and did read somewhat like a screenplay,  however I did think there were some unexpected surprises during the last 200 pages of the book.  There was much detail that would be fine to leave out and make the book shorter but for those of us who enjoy reading and want a great vacation book,  I thought this was a good read.
 That's the message of The Lost Symbol, and you're better off taking Dan Brown's advice than reading his hardly worthwhile novel with its disapointing reveals.<br/><br/>The plot amounts to a sicko Freemason taking on the CIA in a race to find legendary ancient secrets hidden somewhere in Washington D.C., Robert Langdon leading the way in an attempt to save his captive mentor.<br/><br/>This being my introduction to Dan Brown mania (I've never read one of his books before), I was shocked by the shoddiness of the writing coming from a megaseller. I can't remember meeting characters with this level of niavete. They are ready to believe every phone call, text message, and disguise used by the manipulative villian. The thrill is gone when all you can do is feel sorry for the disendowed protagonists. The writing is also jarringly repetitious. The same descriptions and plot points are reiterated by one character after another. The facts and figures accumulated from Brown's long years of research predating this book show up in paragraphs that break any flow of suspence, and stimulated my mind only to the extent that I wondered how much was real and how much was embellished.<br/><br/>Brown also needs to understand that stating something happened from one persons point of view and later stating it happened another way from a different point of view feels more like a cheat than a plot twist. Its just misleading and doesn't amount to a satisfying pay-off.<br/><br/>As it is a follow up to the The Da Vinci Code, the merit of which I can not vouch for, The Lost Symbol will sell well. That must testify to success of Da Vinci at least creating a desire for more Dan Brown. Unfortunately, The Lost Symbol does not satiate.
 I bought this latest Dan Brown book for my Kindle, planning on saving it<br/> to read on an upcoming trip.  Well I made it a whole two weeks before I<br/> brought down and started reading the book.  And once I started I<br/>couldn't put it down.  The detail and storyline sucked me right in.  I<br/>know that many of his books get plenty of attention and the entire plot<br/>and details are broken down and examined by professional to determine<br/>the "truth", and I have one thing to say about that.....it's FICTION,<br/>with enough truth thrown in to make it believable.  Why do you think he<br/>is such a popular author....it's because you want to believe the story<br/>he is telling.  Just sit back and enjoy the ride.  And what a ride this<br/>story was.  Buy it and share with your friends!
 Unlike most of the previous commentators, I do not think this book is that bad. After all, just like the harshest of critiques here, I read it till the end, whereas truly bad books in my interpretation of the aesthetics of literacy are the ones you toss aside way before the last page. True, the characters are bland and one dimensional and the progress of the plot is either obviously predictable or over-the-top ridiculous (and nothing in between). However, it is engaging and entertaining in its own unique and quirky way and it definitely has the page turning "what will happen next?" effect, which Mr. Brown is so good at. In this sense, this work is not different than his other books and reading it is an enjoyable way to kill time while learning a tidbit of meaningless historical facts. The only major difference is the loss of originality and the strong smell of formulaic recycling.
 The Lost Symbol is the third thriller featuring Harvard "symbolist" Robert Langdon.  The book is similar in tone, style, pacing and plot to the previous entries.  If you enjoyed The DaVinci Code and Angles and Demons, you will enjoy this book.  If you did not, nothing's changed, so you will find the same stuff to complain about.<br/><br/>I found the concept of "Noetic Science" to be hokey, Dan Brown's inability to use the word "penis"  in favor of "sex organ" to be oddly incongruous with the tone of the novel, and the wealth of the Solomon family was presented like a grocery store Romance author might.  The cheesiness doesn't ever go away, but the story is gripping enough to make the book an entertaining read.
 I would rather read books on religion &amp; science. My neighbors daughter recommended this book &amp; I feel sorry for myself for buying this nonsense book. I believe in real God not in a fairytale. If u want to buy something Good to gain knowledge I say you should must read this book.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Qu-ran-The-Final-Evidence-They-Dont-Want-You-To-Know/dp/1490402098/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Qu'ran The Final Evidence They Dont Want You To Know</a>its price is cheap but the knowledge in it is priceless.so its a must read.its about science &amp; world's major religions. Best of luck.&amp; I believe in real God not in vision or hallucination since I am also a doctor &amp; scientist .
 I have read every Dan Brown novel, a couple of which, a couple times over....so, needless to mention, I'm an avid fan. Dan Brown is truly a magnificent writer; very learned, well researched, an exponentially intricate weaver of webs, an innovator, a prose man to the core, and a master creator of the pageturner. I must admit, I honestly thought that it would have most certainly been a seriously challenging feat for Brown to create yet another novel that would at least parallel his 2 subsequent masterpieces: Angels &amp; Demons, and the Da Vinci Code. BUT, HE DID IT AGAIN! A huge congratulations to Mister Dan Brown!...The storyline of the Lost Symbol is substantial, highly interesting, intricate, very well-spun, gripping, and factually speaking, the amount of research that the Lost Symbol is built upon, took Dan Brown a FULL 5 years to complete....Now tht's dedication &amp; fortitude. That fact alone, spells out a man who simply wouldn't put his name on anything less than full-tilt quality; especially at this stage in the game, given Brown's achievements prior to the Lost Symbol. Dan Brown always brings light to the darkness in the pages of his books, but he does so in such a way that one can not put his books down. Simply stated: I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS READ, &amp; I'M PROUD TO OWN IT.
 Dan Brown's latest is an easy read (perfect for summer reading) and has just the right blend of suspense, historical mystery/speculation, and fascinating historical background. I came away with a better understanding of the background of our Nation's Capital (where the action takes place.) I loved the fast paced action and the intriguing cryptic mysteries to be solved along the way. The reading also leaves you with a good feeling and scene of wonder for things we might just take for granted. Well done!
 This book, while entertaining, is FICTION, yet it highlights the TRUE involvement of Masonry in the foundation of our nation.<br/><br/>While it is an entertaining read, as Dan Brown points out symbols, codes, and clues to the Mason mind set, his fictional story points out the seemingly hidden yet obvious intentions of secret societies. Secret Orders like the Golden Dawn, Illuminati, Rosicrucians, and others have all been infused with mystical cult ideas from Hermeticism.<br/><br/>(Hermeticism is a false teaching which includes both panentheism and Monistic-polytheism and it promotes the notion that other beings such as gods and angels, ascended masters and elementals exist in the Universe as parts of the All.)<br/><br/>Many false teachers promote the heretical Hermetical slogan, "As above, so below." This occult teaching misleads people and gives them false hopes! One should read the Bible before reading this or other books like this to understand the TRUTH about Jesus, the universe, creation, and the gospel of salvation brought to humankind. This is quite a FICTIONAL STORY laced with TRUTH about secret orders, their codes, secrets, rituals, meanings and how they influenced, and continue to influence, powerful people in our nation and other nations of the world.<br/><br/>The final chapters of this book are Dan Brown's attempt to promote the New, (and old), Age philosophy of man becoming God. Dan uses quotes from the Bible and blends them skillfully with untruths. He tries to link all religions and science together as a path for man becoming God. This subtle infusion and intermingling of truth with fiction will, sadly, fool many people!<br/><br/>Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life." The way to heaven is through Jesus! Those who think they are becoming God, by using their mind over matter, to gain wealth, power, and position are only fooling themselves. Our only hope and salvation is in Christ Jesus!
 Interesting insights into landmark buildings in Washington and some of the intrigues of the Masonic and related orders, spoiled by a very weak and implausible story line.
 It might seem like things are moving along, but the truth is that the STORY is not moving at all.  The characters are sitting in cabs or buttering bread or waiting in line, but for over 50 pages the stoy hasn't progressed a single step.  Let's be completely honest, when you're sitting for several hours in traffic - is it exciting?  NO!  So why would reading about it be exciting?<br/><br/>Dan Brown stuffs a lot of information in his book: what color the tie is, what color the shoes are, how fast the protagonist can run to avoid a rain shower.  None of that information does a bit of good in telling the tale.  The biggest thing that will cause me to abandon a book is being bored and this novel is the pinacle of humdrum.
 What a disappointment.  I had read all of Dan Brown's other novels, and looked forward to this one, despite the hype. Now I know why the hype was necessary. This book was unnecessarily long, boring, repetitive, and astonishingly predictable. And just when you thought you had slogged through the last annoyingly detailed scenario, Mr. Brown thought another few pages of ennui and anticlimax were in order. I read it on my Kindlie, and with 97% of the book under my belt, I gave up.
 I just received my MFA in Writing and Literature, which some would say makes me a snob.  OK, I'll take it.  But in my own defense, I actually liked The DaVinci Code a little.  It was worth at least 3, maybe 3.5 stars.  But the writing in this book is ridiculously lazy.  There's nothing that captured me about it.  I'm only giving it two stars for the ideas that drive the book.  There, I think Dan Brown is awesome.  Writing-wise, come on.  Why are these the books that make bestsellers?
 Man, what a let down this latest book from Dan Brown was.  I've been waiting 5 years to be blown away.  But this book is almost a carbon copy of the plot of The Davinci Code.  You have a hero, a villian and a complex set of puzzles and codes to be broken with a predictable twist at the end.  Unless you're interested in a brilliant description of the Masons and what they do, I would not recommend this book.  The next five years should be interesting for Dan Brown.  I hope he can produce something more original next time.
 Very disappointing.  I've read all of Dan Brown's books, and while The Lost Symbol wasn't the worst of them, it definitely wasn't anywhere near the best, either.  It lacks the cohesiveness of The Da Vinci Code, and the drama feels forced.  He's great at pulling together random and esoteric bits of information into a probable explanation, but this time too much of his information is not only improbable, it's patently false.<br/>Save your money and go read The Da Vinci Code again.
 Many of us enjoy reading a good book for escapism.  We look for a book with a good plot, a "who done it" that we can't figure out until the last minute, a book with a secret where the good guys are people like us or our friends (or at least what we would like to be seen as.)  We like books where the bad guys are the opposite of us, those folks who do things we could never even dream of doing. But Dan Brown's "The Lost Symbol" isn't just a good book, it's a great book.  In this book, Brown raises some questions that make us a little uncomfortable.  Do we ever know those around us as they really are?  Are they putting on an act just for us?  Dan Brown's "bad guy" is just that kind of person that many people had complete faith in, assuming him to be the "right kind" of man.  He was trusted with Masonic secrets but in reality was anything but a person to be trusted.<br/><br/>Now let's talk about the "good guys."  Robert Langdon from "The Da Vinci Code" is back in this book, still reading the codes.  He then draws on his expertise in ancient codes and symbols so that sometimes he is able to understand what others have seen for years and never deciphered.  Other times Robert has to be helped along by keepers of the secrets (or of only one part of the secret.)  Speaking of secrets, Dan uses the biggest keeper of secrets, the Masons, to tie everything together.<br/><br/>This book took me back to eighth grade where my love of mathematics prompted me to join the math club where we tried to solve various types of codes.  Once you became a good code breaker the messages were easy to read.  It all depended on logic, observation and sometimes just luck.  Dan has this in the book but at the genius level and codes that have been around for thousands of years - codes within codes - secrets within secrets.  WOW!<br/><br/>The setting for the book is Washington D. C.  I've never been there, but even before reading this book I had it listed as a place that I would like to visit someday.  Now I want to read the book again with pen and paper, making a list of all the places that Dan writes about with their obvious purpose and then with their hidden agenda.  If half the people who read this book start making travel plans to visit DC in the next two years and carry them out, DC certainly won't need a stimulus package.<br/><br/>Dan's book is fast paced taking place in only ten hours for the main body of action.  It's been a long time since I have read a book with this much taking place in this short of a time span.  You won't want to put the book down even when it is over.  Make sure you have a couple of days to put aside for just YOU and pure enjoyment.
 All of Dan Brown's books are complex, intriguing, and he grabs your interest from beginning to end. This book was all of that; however, the last chapter rambled a bit. That's why a gave this book a 4 star rating.
 I couldn't finish this book.  I got ¾ of the way through and decided to just put it down.  Dan Brown is now following the exact same method for each of his novels.  I doubt they will even make this into a movie it is so poorly written.  Same old same old super strong fanatical bad guy.  Same old same old characters rushing around trying to solve puzzles in the last few moments.  In all honesty I wish I never bought this book.  Don't waist your money.
 This book has already been thoroughly reviewed. I'm only weighing in on the language, sex, and violence.<br/><br/>Foul Language - Some of the foulest in a low to moderate amount. It didn't move me to stop reading the book.<br/>Sex - A few references to having had sex. Some references to a huge "sex organ". No sex scenes. Nothing graphic.<br/>Violence - About the amount you would expect in a PG-13 movie thriller. A severed hand. Multiple violent murders. Blowing up buildings. Gun shooting. A torture chamber and torture scenes. It's not dwelt on or explicitly described, but there's lots of violence.<br/><br/>I did read the entire book and I found it to be an entertaining read, nothing more, nothing less.
 I love Dan Brown's other books, Angels &amp; Demons is my fav.  So eager to read The Lost Symbol, espcially since I lived in DC, had toured some Masonic Temples and knew enough about the Masons to have my interest peaked. And, I realize these are not classics nor award winners, but exciting and often educational reads (at least for me).<br/><br/>Book started out ok, liked the female lead character, family history, etc. But soon I found myself skipping entire needlessly long paragraphs about stuff I had already read about pages earlier. Then the feeling hit that this is a screenplay for a blockbuster movie, not a novel. Next, I stopped making making the reality-jump to accept that so many experts had so much knowledge at their fingertips to spew off at perfectly convenient moments, and how great it is to have students ask just the right questions so that more information can be fored in front of our eyes.<br/><br/>About 2/3rd through, I completely stopped caring about the characters! And soon thereafter I couldn't believe the book kept on going, and going, and going, on and on, on and on, like some crazy mirror reflection trick - I kept saying 'just stop already!'<br/><br/>If you want to read this - borrow it from a library or friend. Dan Brown ought to be ashamed to publish this steaming pile of you know what!
 I had a difficult time suspending disbelief.  The writing did not impress me. I kept waiting for more energy and the transition from the mundane to the supernatural or surreal.  It didn't happen for me. The story has it high points and some interesting concepts about the mind, science and the bible; but there was too much pontification by the author.  The premise of the antagonist is the most interesting aspect of the story. The tough CIA chief character was a bit trite. There is too much blah, blah, blah at the end.  I wanted more: more color, more spectacle, more imagination. The politics and machinations of real life Washington, DC hold more intrigue than this story.
 I agree with most of the bad reviews I have read about this book.  So why did I give it 4 stars?  Simply because I don't read a lot of fiction, and when I do, I want to be entertained, and I want to look forward to reading the next chapter.  Well, I was entertained.  And I always looked forward to reading the next chapter.  Yes, I was disappointed in the ending.  And yes, I was able to see a few things coming a mile away.  But hey, overall, I enjoyed myself.  And that's what counts in my book.
 The renowned Dan Brown has finally done it. He has taken...<br/><br/>- conspiracy theories and urban legends<br/>- pseudo-technical mumbo-jumbo<br/>- one dimensional characters with a one-track mind<br/>- people so intelligent that they are really dumb<br/>- plot twists that wouldn't fool a six year old<br/>- annoying mini-cliffhangers every two pages<br/>- abduction/torture/investigation sequences out of C-grade movies<br/>- a treasure map and a wild goose chase<br/>- mystical religious references<br/>- wikipedia conversation mode<br/>- recycle storyline from the previously successful versions of the gullibility test<br/>- many more annoying literary elements and factual errors than can be listed here<br/><br/>... and he has invented the ultimate Gullibility Test.<br/><br/>The shocking truth is that this Gullibility Test really works. It separates the gullible for the shrewd like wheat from chaff. The most amazing part is the Gullibility Test started working even before it was made public. People all over the world voluntarily queued up to part with their hard earned money and prove how gullible they were.<br/><br/>Dan Brown in his great wisdom has named this ultimate test, The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>If it's isn't obvious, The Lost Symbol is certified baloney of the 33rd degree.
 I liked about 98% of this book, most of it is very engaging. The last 30 pages are pretty hokey and kind of ruined it for me.
 This book is about:<br/><br/>A bad guy who wants to achieve his goal by killing everyone, including himself.<br/>A good gal who researches a pseudoscience about how to reach the same goal.<br/>A good gay who has something the bad guys wants, and support the good gal's pseudoscience researching using tax payer's money.<br/>And a main character who knows nothing but likes to teach other people.<br/><br/>And in the book Dan Brown keeps on saying that "It is science." No, it IS NOT!
 *Simply a review of why I liked it, not another rehashing of the story*<br/><br/>I truly enjoyed this book.  I'm a fan of Dan Brown because he knows how to TELL a story.  I could care less about the controversy he imbues, what religious group he's pissed off, or what he may or may not believe.  Do his stories deserve my attention?  Can his stories keep my attention?  Will I remember his stories after I'm done reading his stories?  My answer to all three is 'yes'.  Yeah, I admit... I got caught up in the hype of Dan Brown mania, but I've read his other books so it was a pretty safe bet that this one would be good.  It was.  If there was one word that I would use to describe how I felt as I was reading this book; it would be 'fun'.  I felt fun, I felt like a verb.  Crazy?  Probably, but a good book will do that to you.<br/><br/>It kept me up at night, I took longer breaks at work than I should have, I coordinated my reading with eating non-messy foods so I wouldn't have to stop, heck I even stopped reading my collection of short stories by Allison Tyler.  I enjoy reading books that are fun because I read to be entertained.  'The Lost Symbol' is pure entertainment.  Dan Brown writes in a way that you, literally, have to force yourself to stop and go have a life because if you wait and say, "oh, I'll stop after this chapter", you will never get up.  It's a roller coaster of words, this book, and I certaintly enjoyed the ride.<br/><br/>I loved reading about the Masons, which Presidents were Masons, WHO in history was a Mason, the Astrological elements of Washington D.C., secrets hidden in plain sight, Noetic Science (really.  This exists... really?).  I shook with hatred for Sato, and Mal'akh... is there another character in literature (recent) who exudes so much evil?  The worst kind of evil tu boot.  The worst meaning; he has the means, opportunity, and the black desire to pull off his plan.  And NOTHING is going to stop him.  He's a murderous, fundamentalist Terminator.  He will not be stopped, he will not be deterred, and everything... everything has a plan.  It grates me to read about characters this evil but Dan has that ability to make them just a (super tiny) tad bit likeable.<br/><br/>So why didn't I give this book five stars?  The ending.  It had nothing to do with me agreeing with it, offended by it, or anything dumb like that.  It was just... not good.  I mean 500 pages of an enthralling story only to get to the end, find out the secret, and then... fizzle.  Every single one of Brown's books have led me, right up to the last page, with a Mach 8 ending.  Except for this one.  I think that is one reason it's getting such bad press.  It's like having a good meal of steak, lobster, and shrimp, only to get a tootsie roll for desert.  The question is, would I read this book if I knew what I know now about the ending?  Yes I would.  I'm not going to miss out on a slammin' steak and lobster dinner just because the desert isn't good.  Next time I'll just skip the desert.  :-)
 Most of the books that I read are non-fiction, however, I decided to give The Lost Symbol a try since I liked The Da Vinci Code.  As my review title suggests, I really enjoyed reading this book for the most part and actually had to find time to read it beyond my normal reading time on mass transit.  I found myself truly intrigued by Robert Langdon's discoveries and could not wait to see what he turned up next.  I even found myself alternating my jogging route to check out some of the sites mentioned in the book.  That being said, the ending was utterly anti-climactic.  Without spoiling it for those that have not read the book, let me just say that it did not work for me.  Maybe that is why the symbol has been "lost" for so many years.
 I did not like the book but I will pay to see the movie if Linda Hunt gets the role of Sato.<br/>My late Mother read all her life sometimes three to four books a week. In her later years she told me "Editors should not allow books to be longer than 350 pages. I suspect those writers who exceed that number are paid a great deal of money for each word." It was at about page 35o, after I had already figured out the whole thing, with every turn of the page I whispered to myself and Dan Brown "you can stop now." I finished it hoping I had been wrong all along. No such luck. A really lack luster book. The publisher must have had to shell out a lot of money for those last 159 pages as there are a lot of words there and so very many of them unnecessary.  Every writer should be forced to read Willa Cather. Not a wasted word. If you are looking for a great read try The Last Report on the Miracles of Little No Horse or The Plague of Doves both by Louise Erdrich.
 I couldn't put the book down. Dan Brown knows how to write a suspenseful story, with plenty of surprises--so many that, ironically, I began to anticipate some of them. The symbols and "puzzles" relating to art and architecture were fun, and I was able to decipher some of them. BUT...impossible that so much could happen in a 10-hour span, and even more impossible that mere mortals could endure physically the trials they undergo in that time period. I could have done with about 100 fewer pages and far fewer "philosopical" passages. I caught on to the big message quite early in the game. Still, I've read books that have far less to offer!
 I read reviews before buying this book, but I figured since I enjoyed the DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons, I would give the Lost Symbol a try anyway. I definitely regret it. I think because I am listening to it, rather than reading it, the repetitiveness and long windedness of this book is almost too much to bear. I really enjoyed reading both the DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons; I thought the plot lines were interesting and controversial. The Lost Symbol has barely kept me engaged. It is predictable and poorly written. The major "plot twist" at the end was obvious pretty early on. Overall, I am very disappointed in Dan Brown's latest work. I think he can do better.
 This book kept my interest with numerous twists and turns and a plethora of interesting history, symbology, and speculative 'science'. But I found the ending to be a big disappointment, in fact after reading the whole book in a day and a half I couldn't even make myself read the last few pages. Also, one thing kept distracting me which I also recall from DaVinci Code or one of his other books: when the author uses the term 'flashed on' to describe when someone is remembering something. It seems like an attempt at saying 'remembered' in a hip way, but it is infuriatingly distracting and pulls me right out of the fiction. I guess you could say I flashed on the fact that he had used 'flashed on' in the past.
 Many times I'll encounter a novel that grabs my attention and it is hard for me to put the book down.  This one did not grab my attention.  I found that what got the characters excited did not seem like a big deal to me.  I found Brown's other books much more engaging.  The writing also seemed a bit sloppy and a couple of issues that were brought up were not resolved to my satisfaction.<br/><br/>I would only recommend this book to serious fans of Dan Brown.
 This review is for all of you familiar with Dan Brown and his character Robert Langdon. The Lost Symbol is written in much the same way as the prior novels. Langdon is pulled into a plot by the antagonist who plans to wreak havoc on the world. Of course Langdon saves the day. The story starts slow and it isn't until around page 150 that events start to pick up. But once they do it doesn't slow from there. There are a few tight spots where you cant believe what you've read, but Brown gives his readers and (the majority of his)characters what they want. Although not as packed with symbolism as the two prior novels, this was an interesting and enthralling story. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys Dan Brown.<br/><br/>Happy reading!
 How Dissapointing! Being an ardent fan of Dan Brown and his character Robert Langdon, this was one of those few books I was really looking forward to. And what a let down.<br/><br/>I really don't quite know how to put it any other way, but it appears as though the success and sensationalism of The Da Vinci Code &amp; Angels and Demons has overwhelmed Mr. Brown's creative skills. For instead of writing what could have been a worthy addition to the Robert Langdon Series, he appears to have put his pen to paper with the intention of writing a screenplay for another movie as opposed to actually focussing on a good book.<br/><br/>A pity though. For the subject matter of his choice this time around, really would have made a riveting read had the storyline been fleshed out more thoroughly as proven by Alan Moore's bestselling graphic novel 'From Hell'.  Mr. Brown should have paid more attention to better character development and actual twists in the tale. Instead, it appears he opted for excessive bloodshed and brutality, tragically under the misguided notion that a formula of that nature is key to a bestseller of a book and a blockbuster of a movie. Sadly Mr. Brown, I beg to differ.<br/><br/>A wasted opportunity.<br/><br/>0/10
 Okay, I WAS a big Dan Brown fan, but he lost me unless he finally writes a book with an original thought. Granted there are books where the same character gets into this and that, but enough already with this one. Seriously, the guy is a history buff, not a spy, not an assassin. Seriously, this book is what now, the 3rd about the same guy, same crap, just a different focus in history and present time. I think Dan spent more time looking up the facts and history for this one than he did coming up with an original idea. Sorry Dan, but seriously, you are a good/decent writer, but enough already. Unless I hear great reviews on his next one (assuming he comes out with one), I am done.
 To be honest, I was really excited about this book, like REALLY EXCITED. Not the fact that Dan Brown writes controversial issues, but that he is an entertaining author. However this book I was not very entertained by it. Was it a page-turner? Yes, but that's only out of frustration because like some other reviews have said, this book goes no where for most of it! No one ever bothers to explain anything, and Robert Langdon is plain annoying. He wasn't like this in A&amp;D and Da Vinci Code! He goes through most of the book rebutting everyone else's statements. "Yes I've heard of it but it's not possible" was probably said once on every page.... until the last one I guess. The story just became so predictable after a while. Dan Brown seemed like he tried way to hard and then fell flat.<br/><br/>anyway, read it if you like to read, don't if you expect something great. I hope his next book featuring Robert Langdon will be better. I mean come on this guy found the Holy Grail and yet in the Lost Symbol he didn't believe most of the claims throughout the novel. AH frustrating read to say the least...
 Lost from these D.C.chases are Dan Brown's clever and amusing names of characters evidenced in his "The DaVinci Code."  Miss that.  Thought it would be his signature, such as Nelson DeMille's clever, arrogant humor.  Instead, he creates a vengeful, fasting, steroided, tattooed, self-castrated, ex-drunken, rich playboy druggee, named Mal'akh. That bad, bad Solomon, 33rd degree Mason villain, would thinks he can become a god king by tattooing a circumpunct on his head and being killed by the left hand of his dad.<br/><br/>Is it Da Vinci's Vertruvian Man that comes to mind when Mal'akh assumes this position in front of a mirror and claims he is a masterpiece about to become another (castrated) god king or martyr like Osiris or the first Freemason, Hiram Abib?  Ahggh, his duped Masons should have stoned his circumpunct with all of his make up jars.<br/><br/>"How dark the con of man," indeed.  No point in finding fault with this fiction or berating this author any further though.  I bought it and read the story, so I own it.  Who would mind writing something that a few million people would read?  Stay healthy folks.<br/><br/>jack mellone
 This lackluster effort by Dan Brown reminds me of the way that Thomas Harris followed up on the brilliant "Silence of the Lambs" with the putrid "Hannibal". It seems that Brown tried to use essentially the same plot as the "DaVinci Code", just substituting names and some minor details. Virtually every character type established in The Code was represented again, but not nearly as well. In spots, "The Lost Symbol" was mildly interesting but Brown's stilted writing style was much more noticeable (and annoying) when conjoined with a lesser plot. Lastly, it would be nice to see some continuity in the storyline from book to book. Brown developed some very likable characters in "Code" and it would have been nice to see at least one make even a cameo appearance.<br/><br/>In short, I found the book to be sub-par with a less than believable plotline. If you're expecting "The DaVinci Code" Part II, you'll be disappointed.
 Fortunately for Mr. Smith when he went to Washington, he didn't have to endure the fear, suspense, and agony that Mr. Robert Langdon must. Speaking of movies, <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/National-Treasure-Widescreen-Edition/dp/B00005JN5E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">National Treasure (Widescreen Edition)</a> enjoyed box office numbers in part because of Dan Brown's humongous hit of a novel, <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>. But instead of mining clues from European symbols in architecture and secretive organizations, it focused on Washington D.C. and its Freemason founders. Now, Dan Brown ironically chooses the same location and the same Masonic brotherhood as the basis for his newest Robert Langdon thriller, <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a>.<br/><br/>NATIONAL TREASURE was considered by many to be perhaps a rung below THE DA VINCI CODE in terms of plot and general implementation of its idea. How then does THE LOST SYMBOL measure up to THE DA VINCI CODE? Well, this reviewer would say that lightning did not strike twice. This novel doesn't cohere as naturally as did THE DA VINCI CODE; at times THE LOST SYMBOL gives the impression of being a bowl into which interesting but not necessarily connected research was tossed together. Nevertheless, Brown's latest packs enough of his trademark suspense, chilling violence, and brainteasing puzzles for fans to snap it up and devour it as fast as possible.<br/><br/>Here are a few specific examples of why THE LOST SYMBOL doesn't quite live up to its wildly best-selling predecessor: THE DA VINCI CODE revolved around a mystery that became very human (literally). THE LOST SYMBOL doesn't quite go the same distance; although there is undeniable human drama for Robert Langdon and his friends, Katherine and Peter Solomon, its core mystery (no spoiler here) remains more esoteric and more cerebral. This wouldn't necessarily be a demerit, but somehow Brown's eagerness to fashion a mystery around the Capitol's architecture and the supposed foundations of Masonic beliefs, together with rather vague inclusions of noetic studies, near death experiences, decreased puzzle-solving, and other "potpourri" of ingredients doesn't quite gel as successfully as his dazzling -- though not without much-bandied-about flaws -- fictional tale about searching for the Holy Grail. Possibly, "unmasking" Masonry can't push the same buttons as when turning Christianity on its head.<br/><br/>Brown also errs in THE LOST SYMBOL by intimating the possible onset of a huge catastrophe if Langdon and others cannot stop the central villain. The build-up suggests something truly earthshaking, but the revelation of the actual consequences turns out to be anticlimactic.<br/><br/>And, as usual, Brown infuses his fast-paced novel with some twists and turns, but most can be predicted by the reader in advance. Perhaps Brown intentionally structures his books thusly to make the readers feel smarter than hero Langdon. If so, this is a double-edged sword because readers can judge the plot too obvious and beset with some howling instances of foreshadowing.<br/><br/>Interestingly, Langdon, in THE LOST SYMBOL, is often in the role of student rather than teacher. He does, assuredly, tap his vast knowledge of symbols at crucial times, but he, not being a Mason, more often than not, accedes to others with more intimate understanding. In short, he appears more diffident, more secondary, in this novel than in THE DA VINCI CODE.<br/><br/>Allegedly, some folks believed that THE DA VINCI CODE was -- despite its claim to the contrary -- nonfiction. THE LOST SYMBOL clearly states  before the story opens on which basic facts Brown built to get this novel off the ground, but just as clearly the novel is just that, a novel. And due to its subject matter (Masonry,etc.), fewer people will probably, at any point, wonder whether this thriller actually does reveal real secrets than did when devouring the previous blockbuster.<br/><br/>This novel will provide solid hours of signature Brown entertainment even if it doesn't cohere as naturally as did THE DA VINCI CODE. Just curiosity to find out what is happening to Robert Langdon now and how he might conquer his latest misadventure is reason enough to secure a copy of THE LOST SYMBOL and decide for yourself how much you like it. And when THE LOST SYMBOL is made into a movie, we can all compare it apples to apples to NATIONAL TREASURE as well. While we're at it, it wouldn't hurt to catch <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Mr-Smith-Goes-to-Washington/dp/B001GLX6UI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mr. Smith Goes to Washington</a> again either. :)<br/><br/>3.7 stars.
 I loved Angles and Demons and The DiVinci Code but Lost Symbol falls well short of his earlier books.  Clearly the author wrote this book (or was commissioned)to write a screenplay for another movie.  As a result the flow of the book is choppy and almost impossible to follow.<br/><br/>My best guess is Dan Brown as fallen into the trap of success where he found a book theme that works and he's trying to continue the run.  However, he's not a good enough author to pull it off.
 I am not surprised to see the lack of positive reviews for the book. Plenty has been written by the others about how poorly the plot and story seem to progress. This seems like it was written by a high school student who scanned a couple websites on mythology, read a couple National Enquirer's articles about up and coming fields of scientific study, wanted to write a book that brought together some cool ideas from their favorite movies and really wanted to stick it Dan Brown for his insulting treatment of Christians in his early novels.<br/><br/>The only people who would seem to give this a 3 or above would be Christians offended by his first two books who are happy that he finally stroked their ego's and reaffirmed that they are the true keepers of the Ancient Mysteries. What a crock.
 i dont want to give anything about the book away, but having read all of dan brown's books, I feel he sold this one short. 6 years of hype really built this book up and instantly sent it to the number 1 spot on the new york times. but once people read it, the masses of reviews reveal that brown did way too much to make the book a history lesson with long drawn out spans of nothingness. having taken place in the capital of the US i was looking forward to many locations throughout the city and an interesting conspiracy about the capitol, but instead found nothing of the sort. I found myself force through the last 40 pages to ultimately be let down. dan brown's first 4 books were really interesting, but this time i found myself getting bored with the same style, which lead to some very predictable portions. i really felt let down by the book and feel this will lead to a poor movie. angels and demons was such a fantastic book and this has gone in a completely different direction.
 If I had bought this book as I previously planned, I would be demanding my money back. Thankfully I have good friends that don't mind loaning me a book before they read it. I returned it with no comment. I will let my friend decide for himself that this book is awful. If I want to be preached to, I will go to church, not read a book that is supposed to be a thriller. I can give my entire opinion in one sentence. When it appears that Robert Langdon is dead, I was truly hoping he was gone for good so there can be no more books with him as the central character. Die already, I don't even like you anymore.
 When you've written a bunch of increasingly successful thrillers, the last one of which turns out to be a bookselling phenom, there must be an incredible amount of pressure on the follow-up.  Add in the fact that you revealed the topic of your next book by hiding clues in the jacket cover to your best-seller, giving everyone in the world the chance to guess at and try to gun-jump your thriller with their own Freemason tale, and your task becomes even harder.  Add in a few lawsuits to distract you and, just maybe, make you a bit paranoid about worrying about who will sue over the next book, and the writing gets even harder.  Add in the security necessary to keep the details secret as you progress and life is even more complicated.<br/><br/>Yet, despite all this, Dan Brown has produced a new thriller that is everything that a thriller and a sequel is supposed to be.  Compelling, thrilling, familiar, yet surprising, The Lost Symbol was worth the wait and does not disappoint.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is true to the spirit and the main character of Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code, yet builds on that fictional history and notoriety.  The puzzles and symbols and and geographic mapping clues and chases we have come to know and crave are all there--mysteriously clever, yet still within grasp of the reading audience, at least when revealed (and a few before).  There is a religious overlay to add a bit of controversy and there is suspense aplenty.  Sure, you may feel that some of the page-turning attributes are a bit constructed at times, but you still want to turn those pages to find out what happens next.  There are twists and shocking surprises, I think, even bigger and better than in Dan Brown's previous books.  More importantly, far from a mindless action-thriller, The Lost Symbol imparts scads of interesting information and actively encourages you to go read interesting books and discourses and to travel to interesting places.<br/><br/>Is the novel perfect?  No.  Sometimes the characters do stupid things or don't figure something out as quick as you think they should.  And the explanations by Langdon can get a bit long-winded from time to time, especially nearer the beginning of the book.  I'm also sure that websites are blossoming as we speak to quibble about this or that factoid or where some phrase or idea might have appeared before, but none of that detracts one iota from the fact that this is a tremendously interesting and compelling and educational and thought-provoking thriller that exceeds tremendously high expectations.  At times, you can even catch Brown making a bit of fun about himself and the past exploits of Langdon.<br/><br/>Ignore the reviewers who nit-pick and publish spoilers and moan and groan about how the characters could have more depth or that the book is not as clever as they are, or who are obviously jealous of Dan Brown's success, but couldn't write a thriller half this good if their lives depended on it.  The Lost Symbol is not literary, it is not a character study, it is not Shakespeare.  It is an intelligent, highly readable, page-turning thriller.  I highly recommend it.
 Overall an enjoyable book similar to the other Langdon adventures, this novel could have been two or three chapters shorter, as the last several sections occur after the resolution and serve to explain various symbols that hadn't made it into the main plot.  These seemed like extra info that the author didn't want to leave out but that didn't fit in the storyline.
 I was a big fan of Dan Brown's after reading Angels and Demons. It was, to me, very original and a page turner. I felt a little less so after reading The DaVinci Code, but still fascinated. But with his most recent book I have to say, "Come on, Mr. Brown, it's time for something new!" There are the same old characters, but with different names, and a new location (but really the same as in his two other blockbusters)and the same evil and large sinister bad guy. I found myself getting tired and irritated with each new explanation of secret codes, ancient symbology, and new technology which plays heavily into the plot. This book is obviously written to be a movie. Mr. Brown spends a lot of time trying to convince us of the complicated Freemason symbology, but I had to laugh when he attempted to add the Shriners to the list of sinister organizations. I could only think of an old picture of my Uncle Joe in his Shriner days, riding in a parade on a miniature motorized car with his fez hat on his head! Don't bother to read this book!
 The Lost Symbol was a good read. I had my interest piqued in this book not only by my friends, but also my family. This is a book for anybody who loves to read suspense novels. My grandmother even recommended this author, and even more this book. I have read other novels by Dan Brown, so this was easily a shoe-in.<br/> If you have read any of Dan Brown's other books you understand why it is such a page turner. Brown captures the reader's interest with this small chapters and suspenseful plot. This book will have you saying, "just one more chapter." Then once you finish that chapter, you will say, "okay, maybe just one more."<br/> The plot follows the same similar story as his other books which is that of a suspenseful and mysterious plot.  Robert Langdon is the main character, and he is a "Symbologist" and a professor at Harvard. He is called on as the official know-everything about symbology. In this story he uses his knowledge of the free masons to solve an intense and very unique mystery. In other books the mystery ranges from an ancient brotherhood called the Illuminati to the ever famous Da Vinci Code in which he goes through and decodes ancient art to help him solve the mystery.<br/> Overall, if you enjoy suspense and mystery this book is a must read.  I would recommend not only The Lost Symbol but also any of Brown's other books.
 Contains Spoilers!!!!<br/> As someone who really enjoyed both the Da Vinci Code and especially Angels and Demons I was initially very excited for this book to come out. However as I began reading it just wasn't holding my attention. This book spends A LOT of time explaining historical background and there is not a lot of action, and when there is it seems drawn out and silly to a degree. There were several different points through out the book that I simply found myself bored. This is something that never happened in the other two Robert Langdon novels.<br/> Another problem I have with this book is the presence of so many different sub-plots that don't do anything to advance the characters or major plots. The whole aspect of the tattoo guy being Peter's son, I saw no real point to that. The presence of Noetic Science seemed to have no real link as well. In Angels and Demons the science was woven into the plot very well but in this one it kind of just makes an appearance every once in a while with no plot connections.<br/> I do have to say that the overall idea of the story is not a bad one. It was just not told in the best way. I did sort of like the characters of Directer Soto, and Dean Galloway, but the others seemed rather flat, even Robert. I think a lot of Dan Brown fans will be a little disappointed with The Lost Symbol. I know I was. I hope his next one is more up to par with DC and A&amp;D.
 Behind the myriad of writing flaws in this book, there is a brilliant story.<br/><br/>THE BRILLIANCE<br/><br/>I read Dan Brown for his fictional but poetic interpretation of real symbolism from our everyday world, along with the tantalizing morsels of revelation I get along the journey toward the final unveiling. I thought the basic plot and the immersion into freemasonry and its symbols in our nations capital were breathtaking. I thought the story behind the climax and denouement was spectacular. I just had to struggle to enjoy it because the words kept getting in the way.<br/><br/>THE BLEMISHES<br/><br/>1. Tell, don't show. Most of the book is telling. I'm told what the characters are doing and thinking. "Catherine lay bleeding." Don't tell me Catherine is bleeding. SHOW ME.  In addition, often in the book I feel as if a narrator is interrupting the action and emotion to read hundreds of pages from a masonic encyclopedia. In the end, this book reads more like a late night history channel documentary with occasional amateur vignettes inserted for attempted drama. You could aptly re-title this book, "The Telling."<br/><br/>2. Cliche overload. Much of the dialogue is top-of-the-head writing. Characters use the same responses repeatedly.<br/><br/>3. The story rarely offers momentum. I was led to believe the entire story takes place in less than 12 hours. In reality, most of the story is either a knowledge dump or extended back story. I wanted to feel as if I were on a 12-hour roller-coaster. I didn't feel much at all.<br/><br/>4. Characters are flat and disconnected. The formula for each Robert Langdon novel seems to be, "Have a girl by his side to solve ancient mysteries, but have zero chemistry between them." Other characters are cliche, uninteresting, and provide no real tension in the relationships between each other or Langdon and Catherine. No matter how brilliant the story itself, characters must be interesting and drive the emotion. That simply doesn't happen here.<br/><br/>5. Fluff. Much of the book could have been cut to actually increase the story's value and momentum. I find it hard to believe the editor of such a long-awaited novel allowed so much deadweight between the covers.<br/><br/>THE VERDICT<br/><br/>If you don't mind reading past the text to get to the brilliant and poetic story behind it, I highly recommend this book. If you want emotional involvement and great character development, this book is not for you.
 Lost Symbol is a bad book. I agree with Justin Lee's comments on every point but this: it is a bad book. Could it be rescued by a good editor? Probably. I enjoyed DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons. I did not enjoy Lost Symbol. Characters are one dimensional, especially Sato. In every conversation she has with Langdon she acts like an idiot. The other characters are not any better, just different in their own one dimensional way. The book does not move; it is dull. It is tedious and repetitive. Characters are constantly saying the same things: what the hell, what could it mean... Mal'akh's tattoos are straight from Michael's in Prison Break. Dialogue and descriptions are so prosaic; the language is dead.  There are some positives, however.<br/>The book's description of the Library of Congress is amazing; I was fascinated by Dürer's magic square and the allusion to alchemical principles including "as above, so below"; and I enjoyed the historical evidence for the masonic involvements of America's founders. But the main published reviews are right about Brown's reticence to tell us anything insightful about the Masons. This book is just a huge disappointment. I will probably not read Brown again.
 Other reviewers have done a brilliant job of pointing out Brown's ponderous prose, cliched anger-inducing plot twists that go nowhere and add no suspense, etc. etc.  I can't normally sleep on a plane, but during 11 hours of listening to this drivel on flights to Europe I dozed several times (and didn't miss anything, it appears).<br/><br/>Although I don't want to waste another minute on this. there's one element that will haunt me for a few more seconds.  A brilliant scientist has her lab tucked away at the far corner of a really big, really dark, really scary pod.  Every time she goes in it freaks her out.  To solve the problem of crossing this void in the dark (did I mention it's really big, really dark, and really scary?) she lays a carpet runner so her toes can be happy and helpful.  Sale at Home Depot?  Now I have an electrical device (several actually) that has an activation pad which results in a brilliant beam of illumination coming out one end.  It's really amazing.  In fact, even my iPhone has a flashlight app, or just the glowing screen works really well.  Apparently it was fine to carry cell phones bouncing signals all over the place into this electrically isolated environment.  Just a thought, and my last on this except to say thanks to the other reviewers for reassuring me that I didn't miss anything.
 Another good book from Dan Brown! I didn't see the twist at the end and that was a shocker. As usual I was fascinated by Dan Brown's writing. Get ready for a ride you won't soon forget!
 I decided to read the Da Vinci Code a while back just to see what all the hubbub was about.  It was fun, fast, even made me think and overall had some pretty nice twists and turns.  However, it was not nearly as incredible as I was expecting it to be since it nearly outsold the Bible or became the new bible to some people.<br/>That being said this follow up is probably one of the worst books I have read.  I was a sucker and already spent the money, so I had to read it to the end.  I can't even tell you how many times I shook my head while reading, out of pure disbelief of character reactions and plot points .  Honestly, the entire plot was pointless.  I mean who really cares if Masons make up a part of our Government, like that would be a surprise to anyone to find out there are secret societies in Washington.  And honestly if the Robert Langdon is suppose to be this brilliant Prof. from Harvard why is he so dumb. Why can't he make a decision and why is someone else always figuring it out first.  Actually everyone involved in this novel knows the secret already so what is the point of keeping it secret.  I could watch National Treasure one and two and enjoy it more than this book.  Sorry for the backhanded compliment National Treasure.  Man this was an awful book and the last one I ever read from Dan Brown.
 Dan Brown is a very gifted writer who can make a mundane story suspenseful and keep the reader's interest. Good thing---because this book lacks any substance and the main story is unclear. I was expecting all manner of intrigue about the Free Masons and there was none--a real disappointment. All we got was some synbolism in the Washington Monument and the U.S. Capitol. Maybe Mr. Brown received pressure from the Masons not to write about them---if so, they were very successful. Most of the book is about a guy named Mal'akh whom I expected to unleash all manner of evil on the world. But his story just fizzled out about three-quarter way through the book and the rest of the book just meanders through the Washington Monument. Not a thriller at all!
 I have really enjoyed Dan Brown's novels up to this point, maybe some of the plots were a bit far fetched, but not impossible.  This book is not only implausible, but silly and way beyond possible!  I feel like a bunch of ridiculous "facts" were thrown at me in contrived situations just because the author could write most anything at this point and have a best seller.  I wondered most of the time if he even had an editor and if he did had he graduated from grade school.  Some of the characters were so silly and situations so out there I wanted to scream and throw this book across the room, I think I did once, scared my dogs to death.  If you want to know how bad a follow up can be by all means read this book, it is not worth the $9.99 though, get it from the library or off the street where someone like me has tossed it out the window in frustration!
 This book drags on for over 600 pages. And "drags" is the perfect word. There's a sea-anchor here that Dan Brown uses to slow the pace to a mind numbing speed.<br/>His characters lecture each other for our supposed benefit.<br/>Characters describe important discoveries, "then he saw it." And we are kept in the dark. This is supposed to be suspenseful, but it's really just annoying and amateurish on Dan Brown's part.<br/>He lies to the reader.<br/>He misdirects the reader to stall for time. (Time equaling a dozen more useless pages.)<br/><br/>I can't wait for the movie because it'll actually be an improvement.
 Just not one of Dan Brown's better efforts. Prone to extreme exaggeration, the unbelievable story was borderline asinine at points. I found myself yelling out loud "Really?!" several times while reading it. I felt like he ran out of good ideas and therefore jotted down whatever came into his head rather than giving it some real critical analysis. The payoff at the end just sputters for all the build up over the first few hundred pages. Not worth your valuable time.
 I did enjoy Da Vinci code, and Angels and Demons was tolerable, but this new book by Dan Brown is horrible. A little Google searching at the begining of it would have saved the main characters a lot of trouble. The writing is poor, the plot is just as bad. The main "bad guy" is laughable.<br/><br/>let's just take one example - the CIA sends Robert and Katherine off to the house where her brother has supposedly been found. Supposedly the cops are there. With all of the CIA's vaunted technology (which they've been bragging about throughout the book) no one checked to see if the cops were actually there?<br/><br/>And way too much of "Oh, of course, that's the answer! it's clear to see" but them not telling you what they saw for a few more pages.<br/><br/>I am struggling to finish this book, but really felt like putting it down after the first few chapters...<br/><br/>Anne
 When an author is a billonaire there is no excuse for factual error. Never mind the atrocious writing. Try counting how many times this literary genius can find no other word than 'countless' to use. They, like everything to which he applies this term, are actually 'countable'.<br/>Pythagoros did not invent the saying 'Know Yourself'. This saying has been attributed to at least six Greek sages, and was probably a familiar one long before the birth of Pythagoros.<br/>The CIA is specifically prohibited by law from operating inside the USA. It certainly has no powers to arrest American citizens.<br/>The idea that exposing the fraternity-brother antics of the idiotic Masons could be a threat to national security is ludicrous.<br/>This is what happens when someone of sophomoric intellect plays with ideas as if they were play dough.
 The Lost Symbol follows the same blue print as the other Robert Langdon novels.  Modern mysticism + urban legend + enough plot twists and turns to make a mountain road jealous.  Although I was able to figure some out and was wrong on a couple of guesses the main twist at the end I never saw coming.  If you like's Angels and Demons and the Davinci Code you'll like this one as well.
 If you like 'em, this one's for you. It follows the formula of "DaVinci Code" so slavishly, it's hard to imagine an editor not clearing his throat and saying,"Uh...Dan?" Same sado-masochistic weird villain, same follow-the-map-and-code action, same stupid man-and-woman-in-an-almost-romance scenario- it's just stunningly similar. I did like "DaVinci Code" (hated movie) because it was new, different. And I had heard this one was good. Wow- major disappointment.
 If our educators cannot get, or most likely will not, get the un- or undereducated masses to learn about the `True History of America' and its founding, then why not teach it to them through a great novel.<br/><br/>I love Dan Brown novels. I've read them all. His stories, while chocked full of history and fact, are spellbinding and cliffhangers.<br/><br/>While I am not a Freemason, I have pondered the idea many times, because according to family legend, my paternal grandfather was a 33° Mason of the Scottish Rite. And there are other family legends that other family members were also high degree Masons. My greater family from southeastern Kentucky (only one slice of my several race genes) originated from Scotland in either the late 1700's or early 1800's by my paternal greatx4 grandfather John Kelly, who himself may have been a high degree Mason or highly influenced by Freemasonry.<br/><br/>I think it unnecessary to retell the storyline of this novel here, since other reviewers have written a more than perfect synopsis. However, I would like to just say this and that is that anyone reading this novel should not be so quick to dismiss the ideas presented between the lines as the mere fantastic imaginations of the author.<br/><br/>America was founded upon the Scottish Rite Masonic philosophy by high rank and file Freemasons. In fact, the very cornerstone of our Capitol building was laid in a Masonic ceremony by 33° Mason George Washington while dressed in full Masonic regalia. Also, the symbology that proves our Masonic founding beyond any shadow of a doubt is obvious on our currency, in our National Seal and on all of the Greco-Roman architecture throughout Washington D.C.  Dan Brown has illustrated this well, particularly as it pertains to our Nation's Capitol building.<br/><br/>I repeat, I am not a Freemason, but I have studied its philosophy for many years and hold it to be a precious asset and Jewel hidden right in our midst. It contains the answers to almost all of the ancient prophesies pertaining to the way of the world, how things have been, are, and shall be; particularly those of Revelation and Nostradamus.<br/><br/>For anyone desiring, after reading this book, to know more about the Truth of Freemasonry, rather than the lies and spin of `Conspiracy Theorists' should obtain this book and read and study it right along-side of scripture: <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Morals-and-dogma-of-the-Ancient-and-accepted-Scottish-rite-of-freemasonry/dp/021726235X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Morals and dogma of the Ancient and accepted Scottish rite of freemasonry</a>. Having done that, sometime in the not too distant future, you will remember and appreciate Dan Brown's wonderful and revealing stories about what's really going on in this `tired old world' and what has been promised from `On-High' to correct it.
 First of all, I don't think "The Lost Symbol" can be considered as good as The Da Vinci Code, but it's pretty close on the Von Richter Scale. I mistakenly bought this book because a friend told me it was about Robert Langdon meeting Ringo Starr and asking him how his drum kit and symbols interfaced with the science of matter and anti-matter. Imagine my utter dissapointment when I discovered that a symbol is not the same as a cymbal used by a percussionist!<br/><br/>That said, I humbly decided to read the rest of the book and I was more than pleasantly surprised in a disturbing manner. I really enjoyed the excellent writing style, similar to Ernest Hemingway on a bad acid trip. I highly recommend "The Lost Symbol" to people with short attention spans, especially the part about the indisputable science of Noetics and the symbol being lost and then found at a later time.
 Set aside all rational thought if you want to enjoy the book.  Characters are one dimensional and, for the most part, brainless. A CIA functionary who has arrest powers? Give me a break. A national security crisis?  Only for a politician. Black ops helicopters flying all over DC? They'd be shot down. A mystcal word that will reveal all?  This book was poorly written and full of data dumps.  If you want questionable data on DC's sites, then this book is for you.
 I have incredibly mixed feelings about this book. If you asked me my thoughts while I was reading it, they varied among "I love it!," "It's really good!," "I can't stop rolling my eyes!," "When will it end?," and "Well, it's not very good, but I really like it." I completely understand why the ratings at Amazon are so disparate. There are parts of this book I would rate 1 star, 2 stars, 3 stars, 4 stars and 5 stars. Different readers will place more importance on some parts than others, and with this book more than any other book I've read, I would find it impossible to predict a reader's reaction. Here's how I viewed the book:<br/><br/>1 star elements: The ubiquitous italics; there are other ways to emphasize things you want the reader to pay attention too. As a reader, I abhor this technique. My eye tends to glance around the page and picks up on things that are different. The italics distract me, and they really serve no literary purpose here.<br/><br/>The watches. I get it; Langdon has a Mickey Mouse watch. It's important to him; it's irrelevant after the first mention, and it's annoying in a suspenseful scene. The fact that Katherine also has a very special watch given to her by her parents is laughable, but at least it was only mentioned once. I suppose she wasn't as concerned with time as Langdon.<br/><br/>The formulaic romance. I loved Angels and Demons (and I want to read it again to see if my opinion has changed), and I thought The DaVinci Code was mediocre at best (I credit growing up in both a church and intellectual community, but I found nothing shocking or outrageous in the book, and after Angels and Demons, it seemed formulaic). I am willing to suspend my sense of reality for the sake of a good mystery or adventure story. I am not willing to overlook the fact that for three books now, Robert Langdon happens to end up solving a very important mystery with a ridiculously intelligent, articulate and attractive woman who has some very close relation to the man (whom Langdon is also closely related to somehow). At least there was a quick mention of what happened to the Angels and Demons woman in The Da Vinci Code. Here: nada. As a woman who has a fondness for intelligent, worldly men, the idea of these women falling for Langdon seems improbable at best and laughable at worst.<br/><br/>The sexism. Hearing alleged intellectuals walk around talking about "man's secrets" is infuriating. Hearing Katherine talking about mankind rather than humanity is worse. For a book so concerned with being forward thinking, Dan Brown could use a seminar in appropriate language and gender bias.<br/><br/>2 star elements: The villain (I'll avoid specifics in case you haven't read it). He's too unbelievable. He's so unbelievable he wasn't scary. I like a villain with a few doses of humanity or something about him or her I can relate to.<br/><br/>3 star elements: Although I liked parts of it, it was all too much. It was too long, too hard to maintain that much intensity for that many pages. The resolution was unsatisfying.<br/><br/>4 star elements: The idea of this book is cool. I like adventure stories. The thrill of the chase was fun. For 80% of the book, I really enjoyed Katherine as a character. She was intelligent, open-minded and inspiring. I appreciate she got to make some discoveries instead of our intrepid hero, but as I said earlier, her use of mankind instead of humanity rubbed me the wrong way, and I don't think she would fall for Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>This paragraph: "Is there? Is it not possible that we are still living in the Dark Ages, still mocking the suggestion of 'mystical' forces that we cannot see or comprehend. History, if it has taught us anything at all, has taught us that the strange ideas we deride today will one day be our celebrated truths. I claim I can transform the pyramid with a touch of my finer, and you question my sanity. I would expect more from an historian. History is replete with great minds who have all proclaimed the same thing...great mind who have all insisted that man possesses mystical abilities of which he is unaware." p. 308<br/><br/>5 star elements: Whether you consider it science fiction, science, an interesting religious view, or just unsettling, noetic science is intriguing and fascinating. The ideas in this book made me think, even if the book also made me groan. I'll give you this point, Dan Brown, I didn't tweet about noetics, but I am blogging about it.<br/><br/>Will I read the next Dan Brown novel? Probably. Here's what I would like to see Dan Brown do: first, write children's books. Wouldn't it be fun to see a sixth-grade Robert Langdon solving little mysteries? The problems could be more elementary too, and it would fit perfectly. Another option would be to have Langdon have a daughter who suddenly appears and wants to get into symbology. A young adult heroine is born. She could follow him around the world learning and solving little puzzles. These formulas would work for children's books, but I find them getting old in adult books.<br/><br/>I'm pretty much done with Langdon as a hero. If he comes back, I'd really like to see him in a more supporting role, or at least an equitable role. Katherine had the most to do of his female characters, but she still felt too much like a sidekick for someone who knew more than Langdon in many pivotal scenes. If Langdon comes back as the hero, and he inevitably will, can one of his three female sidekicks also return? I can't stand adding another one.<br/><br/>I loved parts, and I enjoyed parts, but as a whole, it's mediocre and likable. Am I glad I read it? Absolutely. Would I recommend it? Only if you'll talk to me about it.
 Dan Brown's knowledge of his subject matter is always impressive, and that in itself makes for an interesting read, but as a novel this book definitely left me feeling cheated at the end. The plot rages along through a number of overly-drammatic and exaggerated characters, then essentially fizzles out. Splat!! However, it wasn't boring and definitely piqued my interest in the architectural treasures of Washington DC and the history and secrets of the Masons.
 I found the story line very similar to the The Da Vinci Code and in that I was disappointed.<br/><br/>The story did hold my interest, although there were times I wish it would move forward. There were the twists and turns similar to those found in the The Da Vinci Code, but I felt they were not as clever. Maybe this was because I started to reflect on the spiritual part of the story more than the story itself. I usually reflect on what a story is saying, however, it seem more intense for me this time.<br/><br/>No matter, I am glad I listen to the book and would do so again. If you want a good story to read or listen to, I would recommend tis book.
 Tedious!  If you're expecting another DaVinci Code, you will be very disappointed.<br/><br/>Like the pulp writers of the last century, Brown seems to be getting paid by the word,<br/>as this thing just slogs on and on and on with too much exposition and far too<br/>much repetition.  By the end, you'll know a lot about nothing.<br/><br/>Also, Brown's desire to do this unending CYA about what great blokes the Mason's<br/>are sounds all the world like it was edited by nervous trial lawyers...
 The reviews on this have pretty well covered my thoughts, but I echo that this book suffers for need of a good editor. When you need a chapter of back story for each character in the book, you have to think that a good prologue is in order. I think you could easily cut a hundred pages of this book without impacting the story.  Also, the constant cliff hanger chapter endings get tiresome.  The elevation of Noetic (Research?) to a science is not only overdone, its hogwash (As grandpa used to say).  I will admit to enjoying the superhuman exploits of Robert Langdon, and I wonder what level of encryption would be necessary to stop the man? Clearly not pictographs based on obscure and ancient mathmatics. I did see a pretty good code on the wrapper of some Bazooka Bubble Gum....I wonder???
 So he is following a formula and it gets annoying after a while. I am on the last minutes of 14th CD and I doubt I can bring myself to finish it.<br/>It is repetitive, outlandish, highly interpretive, and too predictable. So the trivia is of interest however nothing I cannot get off a Snapple cap. I was surprised once in 14 cds. I enjoyed The Da Vinci Code and to a lesser extent Angels and Demons this one is one too many. I realize that I am a minority considering the success of the book however this must be a combination of marketing, first time Dan Brown readers  who should enjoy the genre, and hype. I wish Mr. Brown finds another theme as this gold vein has been mined to the extreme.
 I must admit that I can't understand all the negative reviews of this book.  In holding with Angels and Demons and the Davinci Code, this is another vintage Langdon mystery brought to us by Dan Brown.<br/><br/>Nobody quite melds such different themes into a book like Brown does; ancient mysticism, religion, masonic secrets and science.  They were hallmarks of the first two Robert Landgon adventures and they're in the Lost Symbol in spades.<br/><br/>Langdon is summoned to Washington DC to give a last minute lecture for a friend of his, Peter Solomon, head of the Smithsonian Institute and 33rd degree Mason.  What Robert discovers when he arrived at the lecture however is something he couldn't have thought of in his wildest imagination.  He finds his long time friend Peter waiting for him, but only PART of him.  Peter's severed hand along with a cryptic message left by a madman, Peter's captor.<br/><br/>What transpires after that and along the course of the book is true Dan Brown.  Riddles wrapped in mysteries, arcane rituals, ancient symbols, all leading on a hunt to find Peter's abductor by the end of the night and unravel the mysteries of the lost symbol.<br/><br/>Brown didn't let me down with this one.  While I thought Angels and Demons was the better of the two, both that and DaVinci code set a benchmark for this type of mystery.  A tough act to follow indeed.  But I think Brown's third offering in the series is totally worthy of being held in the same regard as the preview two Robert Langdon books.  In addition, the Lost Symbol (as well as the previous two) make the reader reconsider what's dogma in regards to religion and science.  They make you reconsider paradigms that you've grown up with and have accepted for, quite likely, your whole life.  That's the reaction I have to his books in any event.<br/><br/>I devoured this book in short order because the subject matter was VERY interesting, as are the characters, and I just find Dan Brown has a great writing style.  Very fluid and always engaging.<br/><br/>Loved it!
 I read this book over the weekend and while certainly not his best book, the book is a fast and fun read. Without spoiling the plot I will say that Mr. Brown has continued his interest in symbology--this time focusing on the Masons. He displays the ability to handle complex details with ease, and can make otherwise obscure information come alive. The way he weaves the different layers of plot while at the same time teaching you the information you need to understand the plot works well. If you liked his other books you will like the Lost Symbol. If you have never read a Dan Brown book, you can start with this one, but you would be better off starting with one of his earlier books--not that this one builds on his earler works, but because it would ease you into his writing style. All in all it was a great way to spend an otherwise dreary weekend.
 I was one of the millions who read and enjoyed 'Da Vinci Code' and 'Angels and Demons', although I recognize their many (many!) flaws. They were good popcorn-fiction - junk food for my mind. This, however, was hideous. All I wanted was popcorn (it's not like I was expecting literary greatness), and I was in the mood for mindless entertainment, and what I got was the most awfully written, ridiculously plotted book I've read this year.<br/>I feel that I should repeat and emphasize the point (much like DB needlessly repeats and emphasizes points) that I wasn't expecting great writing, just a "rollicking adventure" or a "swashbuckling good time" or whatever else the publishing pundits told me to expect. DB's writing was so bad, at a few points I actually burst out laughing. The average chapter length is 3.7 pages (these are the sorts of things you notice when the story is a piece of shit). Each chapter ended with some variation of "Langdon looked up in amazement. He knew now exactly what the clue meant", or "Malakh looked at the moon in awe. Only he knew the terror that was about to unfold" etc. Like a stupid, contrived mini-cliffhanger at the end of every 3.7 pages, and you knew that you had to go through the rotation (one chapter with Langdon, then Katherine, then ...) before you'd find out what it was that was so amazing/life-changing/about to alter the course of history forever. Of course, this style of writing can be used to great effect to generate tension - it is, after all, a novel of suspense. But when overused, it is frustrating and cheap. And the effect of this is compounded by the fact that I really didn't give a hoot about most of the characters (partly because they were so two-dimensional) because you only got to spend a few pages with them before moving on and so therefore had little time to connect.<br/>I am also really quite puzzled as to why most of the reviews (newspaper, online etc) I've read are generally positive ("don't read it for the writing, but you won't be disapoointed by Dan Brown's latest bestseller!"). Well dammit, I am disappointed. Enough to be ridiculously angry and write a ridiculously long reveiew like this. I want blood!
 The first two thirds of the book I think I am reading a Tom Harris Hannibal Lechter type of book.  Story moves fast and is a page turner.  Seems as though the whole story is told over a 10 to 14 hour time period (better than "24").  Story has many twists and turns and is a good read on those dark and cold winter nights.  I won't give away any of the surprises (you can read other reviews for that)but with all good suspense novels don't even try to guess where it is heading or who is who just enjoy the read if it is your cup of tea.  There won't be many great revelations or some extraordinary ending but it is a good (not great) read.
 Good but not great.  I just thought it got a little cheesy at parts.  Maybe I just have a hard time believing that there is a hidden agenda everywhere we look (or right in front of us).<br/>His writing style is definitely very inviting.  I could not put this book down again.  I'm looking forward to the movie (if only it weren't Tom Hanks as Robert Langdon) because that is how Dan Brown writes, like he's writing for a movie.<br/>I would also like to see Deception Point come to the Silver Screen.  I think that could be done very well.
 The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown<br/><br/>I was the first to get my library copy of Mr. Brown's long-anticipated sequel to The Da Vinci Code.  The only similarities to that blockbuster novel is that it's another thriller for Robert Langdon.  This novel takes place in Washington, DC where all our nation's important buildings have Masonic symbols on them.  And, yes, this absolute thriller and page-turner is all about the Masons and their secret society.  Since my gg grandfather, my g grandfather and my grandfather were 32nd level, I've known a bit about this organization and my grandmother was in Eastern Star, the women's group.  From reading this novel, I learned there was one higher level in the Masons and that the very elite have that honor of being a  33rd level.<br/><br/>This story starts out with Robert being summoned to the US Capitol for a special speaking engagement, but when he arrives, he enters into a completely empty room!!!  Within minutes, Robert and a few others, including a high ranking CIA officer, are shocked to find the severed hand of Robert's best friend and mentor, Peter Solomon, who they find has been kidnapped.<br/><br/>There are flashbacks to earlier days in Peter's life where he has seen tragedy, along with his younger sister, Katherine, who is an esteemed Scientist working on cutting edge technology.  Her offices and lab are in a secluded area of the Smithsonian Museums Special Center that houses miles upon miles of historical artifacts not seen by the public.  Our villain is so cunning and brilliant, he finds a way to get into her lab while she's there doing research.  When you think the coast is clear, this villain is two steps ahead.  I was surprised by how cleverly Mr. Brown set that up, so that our villain Mal'akh, was able to keep that two steps ahead.  Our villain so dabbled in the dark arts, it's no wonder he was so evil.<br/><br/>The thing I liked about this book were the interesting facts about our special buildings in Washington, like the Capitol Building, the Smithsonian Museum, The National Cathedral, Library of Congress, where looks are deceiving.  Then the Washington Monument and the House of the Temple, the main Masonic Temple for the elite 33rd Masons.  In this spellbinding novel, there are symbols within symbols and the race is on for Robert to solve this puzzle before it's too late.  Is it also too late for Robert to save both Peter's and Katherine's lives and even his own or his Country?  You better run to get this book to find out!!!!  Another reason I thoroughly enjoyed this novel is the short, cliff-hanging chapters, which I so love with Mary Higgins Clark's books.  And, for those who don't like Dan Brown's books because of all the fabrications in them, you've got to realize these are total fiction and he is a master story-teller!!! And, this is much better than The Da Vinci Code, at least, in my humble opinion.<br/><br/>Forever Friends Rating A HUGE 5 Stars by Teri<br/>Until Next Time, See You Around The Book Nook.<br/><br/>Pub. Date: September 2009<br/>528pp<br/>Available in eBook$9.99<br/><br/>More Formats Online Price<br/>Paperback - Large Print - Large Print $20.15<br/>Compact Disc - Abridged, 5 CDs $19.50<br/>MP3 Book - Unabridged
 This was an okay book, but Dan Brown has spoiled me for "just okay" books. I expect to be glued to the book. With this one, I forced myself to finish it by the library return date. I found Angels and Demons, The Davinci Code, and Inferno much more captivating.<br/>Of course, that's just my personal opinion, and I am not a book critic, just a lay person who enjoys reading.
 I like Dan Brown's books as they are light and entertaining.  What I deeply wish is that he stops this fake and annoying suspense that he tries to introduce at the end of each and every little chapter as he thinks he is engaging the reader by getting us to keep going in the book trying to find what happens.  This works sometimes, but when it becomes a predictable 'fake suspense' stunt, it is annoying.<br/>Here is a suggestion that I am certain will make Dan the best fiction writer of all times, should he follow my idea: (suspense...), well you have to read my future comment to find out :)...
 After six years, "The Lost Symbol" -- author Dan Brown's long-awaited followup to his highly controversial international best-seller, "The Da Vinci Code" -- was released Sept. 15 by Doubleday Books. The book continues Brown's penchant for puzzles, conspiracies and arcane history, offering fans exactly what they've come to expect from his novels ... and nothing more.<br/>Like all four of Brown's previous novels, "The Lost Symbol" follows symbologist Robert Langdon, as he's called to deliver a last -minute lecture in Washington D.C. It doesn't take long for Langdon to realize the real reason he was summoned, pulling him into a national security conflict that has him running for his life.<br/>Anyone familiar with Brown's predictable prose style will not be surprised with his latest work. Much of formula behind "The Lost Symbol" has been copied from books like "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code."<br/>Once again Langdon is called upon for his unique knowledge of symbols and secret societies. Here we replace Paris (or Rome) with Washington D.C.; Opus Dei (or the Illuminiati) with Freemasons; Sophie Neveu (or Vittoria Vetra) with Katherine Solomon, and Jacques Sauniere (or Leonardo Vetra) with Peter Solomon. Likewise, the archetype of Silas -- the pale-skinned albino assassin from "The Da Vinci Code" -- is equally represented in "The Lost Symbol" in the form of the grotesquely tattooed Mal'akh.<br/>Brown is often panned by critics for going back to the same formula again and again, and he makes no attempt to prove them wrong in "The Lost Symbol." Say what you will, though, "The Da Vinci Code" alone has more than 80 million copies in print, and "The Lost Symbol" has an additional 5.6 million copies (2 million reportedly sold in its first week). Movies based upon his books have made $1.2 billion worldwide, and "The Lost Symbol" is already planned to hit theaters in 2012. Dan Brown is worth an estimated $350 million.<br/>These are not the credits of an unsuccessful author.<br/>As formulaic as his books may in fact be, they are no less exciting. Fans accept his predictable formula in exchange for feeding their love of intricate puzzles, conspiracies, secret societies, and odd historical facts (like knowing that the practice of wearing neckties came from Roman orators who wore them to keep their throats warm before speaking). The story picks up quickly and his trademark short chapters help keep the reader turning pages, unable to set the book down.<br/>What really sets "The Lost Symbol" apart from Langdon's earlier adventures is that it's far more philosophical than we've seen before. The story focuses largely on man's relationship with God. It's less about outward answers and more about looking for God inside ourselves and man's own apotheosis. This philosophical turn may catch some readers off guard.<br/>What disappointed me most about "The Lost Symbol" was simply that I didn't feel like it lived up to its predecessor. Honestly, how could it?<br/>I was hoping for even more strange tidbits about our nation's capital, its history, and our political system. There certainly was a lot of that here, but not nearly as much as I had expected. I also didn't feel the threat was as menacing as it was in "Da Vinci" or "Angels."<br/>It takes the reader more than 400 pages to learn what the national security threat is (I felt it was overstated), and then it's quickly played out within the next 20 pages. To be fair, the national security threat isn't what keeps readers interested anyway. It's more of a secondary plot. The final 50 pages of the book are reserved for bringing closure to the characters themselves, without any conflict, mystery, danger, or controversy. It's a rather slow, boring, and anti-climactic process. It took me just as long to read the last 15 pages as it took to read the previous 495 because I was so bored I set it down and walked away for a few days.<br/>Though not nearly as good as his previous novels, if you're already a fan of Dan Brown's endless oddities and can accept him for what he is, you probably will enjoy his latest work. If, however, you have trouble suffering his predictable, formulaic, and anticlimactic habits, you'll find little solace here.<br/>"The Lost Symbol" is little more than an unapologetic regurgitation of what Dan Brown does best. Love it or leave it.<br/><br/>PORTSMOUTH DAILY TIMES<br/>Portsmouth, Ohio; Oct. 9, 2009
 I bought this book because my son made me do it the day it came out, the I had to put it in my suitcase and haul it to China where he is going to boarding school.  No I did not read it on plane because I like to travel extremely light.  No I did not read it before I took off but I saw some bad reviews and warned my son.<br/><br/>Once he got it he put his head in it like he did with Angels and Demons.  However he seemed unhappy about midway.  When he finally finished he rolled his eyes.  I took the book from him and became the next victim of wasting 2 nice mornings of my time and screaming in the end "WHAT?"<br/><br/>We fought over AD.  It had the adrenaline rush.  What is this book?  "Secret" everyone is trying to protect is no secret at all.  The all-powerful villain is just an idiot(yeah, drawing a circle with dot on your head will make you King of Darkness) out for personal revenge.<br/><br/>And not only do the female "scientists" have no chemistry with Robert in every novel (I don't mean anything derogatory, I am a female scientist), now she is getting older too.  50 something.  Have they already someone in their mind to do the movie?<br/><br/>Hopefully the money I wasted can teach my son (who aspires to be a writer)a good lesson about how NOT to write.
 Summary: This book is great, fastpaced entertainment with shocking moments and with a storyline which also encourages to think. The combination of interesting characters, great story line, science, mystic, religion, action, symbolism, riddle solving, history and a great ending generates another great ride, that nobody should miss.<br/><br/>Here now some details:<br/><br/>Contains NO spoilers!!! The fun about reading the book is not knowing what the book is about. Therefore this review does not contain any spoilers, but instead gives some general impressions.<br/><br/>After the huge success of "The Da Vinci Code" I doubted that Dan Brown could repeat that success and could come up with another great story of such magnitude. After such a great success, authors often come up quickly with their next story. Not Dan Brown. He took several years to research and fine tune a story which turned out (again) to be a thrilling ride with fascinating characters, strong story line and shocking revelations and which stands worthy next to his other two stories featuring Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>Some key aspects, that I loved:<br/><br/>(1) The character of Mal'akh was very well done. Excellent character with great background. Shocking!<br/><br/>(2) The writing style is similar to James Patterson. Very short chapters of normally 2-4 pages. That makes it almost impossible to lay the book down .... one more chapter .... one more chapter ... and another 3 hours are gone. Great entertainment and great style. That also helps the author to switch easily between up to three parallel storylines which are important for the story.<br/><br/>(3) The whole story plays again (like in Angels and Daemons) in a short time frame (this time around 12 hours) which generates a high pace feeling like in the TV show 24.<br/><br/>(4) The book has some shocking moments which are unforgettable and I did not know how Dan Brown could solve it, but he did it in a form which was believable. One moment almost at the end was so shocking and surprising that the book almost fell out of my hands. Not many authors have done that to me.<br/><br/>(5) A great tourist guide. While reading the book, I wished I would be on site and could read the book at the actual locations where it takes place. The Lost Symbol is for Washington, what Angels and Daemons was for Rome and what the The Da Vince Code was for Paris. I can already envision Lost Symbol Tours.<br/><br/>(6) Believable and fulfilling ending. Quite some often, authors raise a lot of expectations in the first few hundred pages of their books, but then do not find a way how to get the story to a fulfilling ending. Not here. I loved the ending. It makes sense and all storylines closed to my full satisfaction, some with big surprises.<br/><br/>Summary: This book is great entertaining with shocking moments and which also encourages to think. The combination of interesting characters, science, mystic, religion, action, symbolism, history and a great ending generates another great ride, that nobody should miss.
 Having read all of DB's books, beginning with DCode and then progressing through his other works, I started off enthralled with the story-lines and characters and have been increasingly disappointed with each book I read next.  As many others here have pointed out, Brown's plotlines, characters, and key events are very predictable.  And once you start realizing this as you progress through the book, other aspects of the book become rather predicatble and repetitive as well, such as the character dialogue.  Some of the events in this book are pretty extreme (out-there) and you would expect some intense reactions from the characters but some of the characters still seem to behave over-dramatically.<br/><br/>One serious gripe I have with Brown's writing is the dialogue he creates between characters.  Though it's not all bad, parts of these dialogues are seriously corny, unrealistic, predictable, odd, etc.  Seriously, everytime I read parts in his books involving student-teacher dialogue in the classroom or lecture hall, I cringe because it's so bad.  He should check out a college class or two in progress and see how students really talk and behave in lectures, even those classes they are interested in.  Students don't talk this way. People don't talk this way!!  Also, Brown has got to try out something different from the "Damsel in distress" routine. The lady is always with Langdon, she's always lost a close male friend or relative, she's always single...  Hey I'm all for Langdon getting some during a story but can't it just be with a random girl who plays a much smaller role in the plot?
 3 years in the making The Lost Symbol is probably the years most anticipated book. After the Sucess of The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons, most of us were probably ready for a new Langdon adventure. I know I was. I finally grabbed my copy and I was really excited to read it, but shortly after I began wondering why. While the book starts off with Dan Brown's usual fast paced story telling. I feel as though the 3 years it took to write this book, really were a waste. I feel like a majority of this book was written over a weekend, and that Brown just borrowed from the already successful well he has been pulling from. While I wasn't expecting something entirely new Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code were each unique and compelling, The Lost Symbol is just more of the same. Robert Langdon recieves a phone call from a friend, flies to D.C., and then poof get's drawn into the middle of a conspiracy. While I knew this formula would be present, I was hoping for the same unpredictable and crazy adventures Langdon always seems to go through. While for the most part it is there, the sad part is that with each revelation and question answered you are left feeling, jipped. Nothing is really shocking, or suprising for that matter. The big twist towards the end you know about 4 chapters before it actually happens leaving you feeling let down. Then the final "big" revelation which the entire story is surronded, is the biggest jip in history. I won't spoil it but when something goes from being one thing, to another thing, to another, to let down it kind of sucks.<br/><br/>Brown introduces readers to the same cast of characters he always does. An old friend, a woman who has stake in what Langdon is chasing, a villian who while mysterious (is pretty much straight from the Da Vinci Code, only with tattoo's and less christian), mysterious people helping Langdon along the way, and the shady one's who seem to have no allegiance, but are somehow tied into the story. Langdon goes through the same trials of wracking his brain to figure out symbols and codes to eventually lead to something that if man possessed would "tear the fabric of existence!" The chapters like usual are short and push the reader to try and get a few more chapters under their belt before closing the book. But, where Brown seems to fall way short in this book, is an overuse of information, and constant repeating. I feel like for every 5 lines of dialogue there about 4 paragraphs about the history of whatever the hell they are talking about. Yes, it's always helpful to know little things, but when a majority of your book ready like a history book it kind of steers you away from the action and suspense. Alot of informatin is common knowledge to anyone who watches the history channel, or has heard the word Freemason. But, Brown insists on leading us around like we are 3 and telling us in detail everything there is to know about everything he talks about. While it shows that he did his research, and maybe that he is trying to avoid alot of the fire he has taken in the past, but it still just really breaks it up too much to follow sometimes. I found myself skimming to get back to the story at times.<br/><br/>The villian in this book really isn't likeable or warranting of sympathy what-so-ever. Usually there is something in them, that is redeeming, this guy is just an idiot. Apparently he is also super-human because he survives some of the most retarded things, and is able to take out anyone and everyone relatively quickly. Also I kind of got the feeling that everyone in the book was really really gullible. *SPOILER ALERT* Langdon never talks to his friend before bringing something of great value to D.C., everyone seems to notice the make-up that the villian wears but trusts him anyways, everyone let's this man into anything, even knowing that her brother never texts and doesn't know how she still accepts the fact that all of the sudden he figured it out, after the big deciphering they just up and believe that everything has been solved by a security person, and even upon pulling into the driveway with a CIA agent no one realizes that there isn't a single police car.** It just really got to me all these stupid avoidable mistakes. Langdon is supposed to be a professor and Katherine (the friends sister, and langdons leading woman for this book) a scientists and they made stupid mistakes the whole book.<br/><br/>Where Brown could have completely redeemed everything was the ending. With everything calming down and full decipher it could have been the ultimate revelation in the book. Instead we get a shot of religion and the end. This makes me really sad. Usually when I reach the end of a Dan Brown book I feel really satisfied, even with the earlier ones (Deception Point and Digital Fortress were excellent) I felt good about reading them. They kept pace, gave you crucial info but always kept things moving. I feel like after all of the success and two movies under his belt, he has gotten comfortable. That is a bad thing in this case. If he had lost alot of the un-necessary history lesson's the book could have been shorter and read better. The ending definitely could have been a ton better. All in all the book wasn't terrible, but it definitely doesn't live up to his previous efforts. If this was his first novel it would have been forgiveable. But after everything I'm really not all that excited for another Langdon adventure. If you have some spare time, or like his previous works, or just masons, by all means atleast give it a read. But if you are looking for the next Da Vinci Code this isn't it.<br/><br/>**Spoiler Alert** was I the only one who was really frustrated by the deprivation chamber, where Brown makes you think that langdon is dead? I really thought that was un-necessary!!!***
 This book is great bedtime reading...if you ever have trouble with insomnia, it will bore you right to sleep. I admit I bought into the pre-sale hype for this book. I loved The DaVinci Code, Angels and Demons, and Deception Point, and so I eagerly anticipated Brown's newest release. What a let down!  I trudged through the first 100 pages--and literally fell asleep at least a half-dozen times. Kept thinking it HAD to get better, so I started "speed reading" through the next 400 (still not willing to give up on it entirely).  I think maybe Brown's contract stipulated a per-page payment, because there was soooo much repetition and completely unnecessary drivel! I am so glad I got this book from the library (first on the reserve list for months) and didn't actually purchase it, so at least I only wasted my time and not my money!
 If you have never read The da Vinci Code, you will probably.....maybe....enjoy reading The Lost Symbol when nothing decent is on television.  However, if you are expecting anything remotely close to The da Vinci Code, you will find yourself moaning and groaning regularly and walking away from this book til the...tah dah! end....which can't come soon enough.<br/><br/>I probably wouldn't be so disappointed if I hadn't bought the darn book.  Now, I can only think of the new movies I could have rented instead.
 I have read all of Dan Brown's previous books and had high expectations for this one.  He is one of those authors who, given a few facts and a bit of history, manages to weave quite a tale.  He did an excellent job of this with the DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons.  In fact, I'd hazard to say that "Angels" is the rival (story-wise) of DaVinci.  And may be a little better.<br/><br/>But "Symbol" is another matter.  Again he does a great job of setting up the story.  And through most of the book, it's a tough thing to put down.  But, at the end, I felt that the conclusion wasn't the "fulfillment" of the story that it should have been.  It's a bit like seeing a movie with the "alternate ending" that nobody liked.  My reaction upon finishing "Symbol" was an almost literal "So what?".  It was a very under-whelming conclusion to a great build-up of a story.<br/><br/>Actually the word "symbol" in the title is a bit of a mis-application of that word.  And I was disappointed to see that there was no historical substantiation for the supposed knife of Abraham that so prominently was featured in the book.
 Judging by other reviews, this book seems to average 2 or 3 stars. I'm giving it four, but based solely on this: the book is exactly what it's expected to be. It's not a great work of literature; it's not this elegantly crafted work of fiction which enlightens the soul and makes grown men cry. No, the book is exactly what I expected when I first heard about it: a fun, entertaining read filled with wild conspiracies and jumping plots and action and symbols and twisting, elaborate sub-plots that all culminate in a mostly-predictable yet still-thrilling tale of Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>In a nutshell, it was FUN!<br/><br/>If we're judging this book on quality, then yeah, I'd give it two stars. Maybe. If I was being generous. Because it's not well written. The plot jumps too much, the characters are predictable and, at times, flat, and the book is so over-loaded with religious and government conspiracy that it makes you want to gag to think about.<br/><br/>But this is exactly what anyone who's read Brown before would expect going in. Instead, I choose to focus on the fact that I started this book four hours ago, and stopped only briefly to eat (and watch some Sunday Night Football!) before diving right back in. Robert is in Washington DC this time, after being tricked into the city by a madman who is seeking the key to knowledge and power, a secret that the Freemasons are protecting at all costs.<br/><br/>The plot takes place in just one night, and Langdon jumps around DC as he races against the clock to save his mentor, who is being held hostage, and to unravel clue upon clue buried beneath the idea of the Mason's Pyramid, said to be a map to the greatest treasure in the country, all while dodging government agents out to stop him.<br/><br/>Brown definitely has a way with plot. While the plot was mostly predictable (this is no surprise, and in fact quite welcome... Brown doesn't try to play games), there were a few places that had me surprised, and the symbology layered throughout the book was brilliantly done.<br/><br/>The final word: If you go into this book expecting a "great read", then you'll be disappointed. But if you go in expecting something to entertain you, something that is fun, a bit of mental candy, then you'll come out satisfied!
 I found myself struggling with the book after the first hundred pages.<br/>The only entertaining part was the symbolic background and history behind Washington monuments.<br/>The plot is very predictable. Countless repetitions, pages of monotonous descriptions. Sometimes I almost felt physical struggle of author with himself to add few unnecessary pages for unknown purpose.<br/>At the end you asking yourself - why on Earth did the go through all of this? Seriously?<br/>My personal advice - read the book if you have absolutely nothing else to do. When it gets boring - skip few pages until it gets interesting again. And if you fell like struggling with it - just put it away. Don't worry - you won't miss a thing.
 Predictable, cliché-characters (even going as far cut-and-pasting Silas with minor tweaking), amateurish mentions of technologies(twitter-this, iPhone that, google this etc.) with even less understanding of computers than CSI (though I shouldn't have been expecting more from the writer of "Digital Fortress"). I understand this novel is for the masses, but there is no reason to dumb it down that much, if people bother to read a book they are not THAT dumb. I really felt more like I was reading a screenplay than a novel in places, even going as far as telling us what song is playing in the background in a very unnatural way, almost breaking the flow of the narration. And seriously, the Bible? Trying to get in bed with the Catholic Church, after antagonizing them with "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code"?<br/>Still enjoyable, some intrigue even if you can see what's coming a mile away and nice descriptions without becoming too wordy. Still, the overall feeling is that the author had the making of a movie in mind the whole time, and not the writing of a novel.
 So what happens after you write two mega block busters?  Apparently, you leave all your good work on the table, and you write The Lost Symbol.  I am a huge Dan Brown fan, and I have been awaiting his latest book of this trilogy for almost two years.  I was first in line to pick a copy, and completely finished a mere 3 days.  However, I was left with a very sour taste in my mouth.  The book lacks the attraction of the Da Vinci Code...which I could barely put down.  The characters are not very likable, and the villain seems to be the same character as he has used before, strong, young, deranged killer... wow, that's earth shattering!  Mr. Brown, if you read this review, I am very sorry.  However, you have simply demonstrated how easy it is to reach the top, but how hard it is to remain.  Best of luck on the next novel.
 I was having a great time with this book until the bad guy died, and then NOTHING happened for many, many chapters.  There was no answer to the burning questions raised throughout the book and there were no secrets to reveal.  It was the biggest let down I have ever experienced in a book.  The last several chapters were seriously painful to read, but I kept plugging through waiting for the big reveal that the entire book led up to.  And there just wasn't one.  Nothing.  I felt robbed of my time and energy to find nothing at the end.  It made no sense that all the generations of life and death protection and secrecy was to protect nothing.
 Although I'd read the prior two books in this series, neither of them had the profound effect on me that this one did.  Having been a Mason for over 30 years, I found the book to be a vehicle for publicly expressing any number of things that have been so misconstrued and carried forward about our fraternity in a negative fashion for decades.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has taken a degree of painstaking research into our fraternity that is not only staggering but refreshingly delightful helping dispel so much of the "hocus-pocus" that abounds about the Masonic Lodge.  The comparisons so eloquently detailed in the book to Masonic symbolism then compared to all of the major religions of the world is nothing short of something that has been known for eons but cloaked in the public's perception.<br/><br/>Overall, Masonry has done a less-than-stellar job in defining itself over the last several decades, so accordingly, society has done it for us.  The book takes this task to bear and, considering that it is public knowledge that Dan Brown is not a Mason, it defines the very gravity of the organization.  By his own admission Dan Brown could not have written the book if he was a Mason.<br/><br/>The reviews here are equally divided from bad to good and it may very well be that they were generated from the same origin - expecting something based on his prior works.  Although understandable, it is probably not entirely fair from either side.  The Lost Symbol is a completely different work targeting a completely different objective.  To begin with, it is a book that focuses on sending a message about life and spiritualism itself - not religion.  For those expecting a plot liken unto his other works, it may indeed be somewhat disappointing.  For those that expected his furtherance in outlining the spirit within all of us, it proved to be magnificent.<br/><br/>Finally, the look back into the visions that our forefathers had for our great country and the mindset they had as evidenced throughout the book was captivating to me and whether the author was trying to send a lesson for all of us as citizens to consider it too a mystery.  I'm betting he was...
 As with every other book by Brown, it is well written, full of suspense, and very well researched. Not only are do his books make for great reading, they can be very educational in terms of all the historical and factual elements that Brown adds to the books.
 Dan Brown illuminates the symbols we see but are clouded in mystery. I enjoyed this book so much that I resisted plowing through the last quarter so I could savor it more. That is hard to do with the fast paced action that keeps you turning pages to see what happens next. This book makes you want to visit Washington DC to look for the symbols yourself.
 I think 3 out of 5 stars is a very fair review here and I will tell you why. This book will NOT wow you like Angels or Davinci. This book is formulaic and predictable. Dan Brown has started to follow a formula which will put off the critical readers. A) Introduce a new character B) He is the antagonist C) He is trying to overthrow the government, church, cult, etc. Every plot twist in this novel is as predictable as my last sentence.<br/><br/>Redeeming factors: Dan Brown brings in the BEST cultural/ artistic/ relevant references of any author I have read. Who doesn't want to hear about the CIA's cryptic sculpture referencing an underground staircase in DC?<br/><br/>Overall, Dan Brown is great; the Lost Symbol is formulaic. By itself, could have been the next DaVinci Code, as a sequel? Repetitive. Interesting but forgettable. Great author, poor effort. Borrow it from the library, don't buy it.
 As intriguing as The DaVinci Code, and just as hard to put down. I have to wonder whether it should be considered fiction!
 Loved this book. Unsuspecting twists. Great use of history and symbols to keep the pace moving forward and very interesting until the end. Dan Brown has done it again.
 This book irritates me on so many levels.  Firstly, Robert Langdon keeps going on and on about his disbelieve of the myth.  I can't believe how many words or sentences are wasted on this.  It's repetitive and doesn't serve any purpose to advance the plot or build the character. It's a waste of ink and paper.  Next, the villain is one-dimensional.  Yet again and again, so many words are wasted on describing how the villain tattoos himself.  Finally, the final plot twist is laughable.  If you're a fan, you probably won't miss this book anyway. If you're neutral to Dan Brown's previous books like me, I'd suggest skipping this book. I wish I hadn't wasted my time.
 I have read every Dan Brown novel and hence was eager to read this novel. Just finished it last night and it was a complete let down. It was unimaginative, the ending was extremely unsatisfying. Dan has one formula that he applies. A code to a clue which has another code which upon deciphering will lead to another clue etc etc. Thats fine with me but the problem with this novel is - you could literally ignore all the clues and codes as they have no relevance to the conclusion. Another problem - the objective of the villain was obtuse and Dan didnt really address that - which makes it a huge problem as 509 pages were dedicated to that objective.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown: the problem with this kind of writing is, you are going to have readers like me question our decision to purchase your work the next time - but you did get my money this time. A complete let down and a total waste of time.
 I loved The Davinci code, and Angels &amp; Demons but I did not love The Lost Symbol because it was just dysfunctional. Dan Brown usually keeps you guessing with red herrings and little hints that do not pan out. I loved the travel around Europe that was involved in the Davinci code even if it was a bit forced I granted him that. Angels &amp; Demons travels through Rome and inside the Vatican kept me on the edge of my seat but I had to force myself to finish The Lost Symbol. I will still continue to buy Dan Brown books because I believe he has it in him to continue Langdon's great adventures, but I cannot recommend this book to anyone.
 Dan Brown has a knack.  He knows how to write a book that is a pleasure to read.  For us geeks this book has just enough of science fact, conjecture and fiction, to make it thoroughly entertaining.  I also like the short chapters.  They keep you moving along and also provide great breaking points.  You retain a thought for the next time you pick up the book.<br/><br/>This book has the usual cast including, the professor, potential love interest and bad guy that we are familiar with from most of his books.  Then there are the characters that we are not sure if they are good or bad, nor even what that means. This book takes a relatively positive look at the Masons and their role in US history.  Most of us know there are many famous Americans that were members of this organization. However much of their meetings are secret and the brotherhood is known to be quite selective.  In other words an ideal group to further shroud in mystery.<br/><br/>As usual Dan Brown, discusses the symbolism of the architecture and its part in the story that he weaves.  Given that this architecture exists, the basis for the story is fact. In a nutshell without spoiling the story the professor has a friend that is in danger.  The bad guy threatening this friend thinks the professor is also a key to the puzzle and is manipulating him to get this information. Unfortunately, this friend's sister is also in danger, so there are two fronts to be concerned with. The professor needs to consider who he can trust and what the puzzle is that he must solve and we are taken on a romp through Washington DC as the professor puts this all together.<br/><br/>If you want to invest in it, there is a magazine out, that actually provides pictures and a bit of info on the areas covered by this book. Mind you there are a ton of other interpretation books, but the magazine is a cheap addition.  It makes an interesting read after you have read this book.  I'm sure Washington DC will receive its share of visitors due to this as well.<br/><br/>Regarding the ending. without revealing anything, this struck me as a bit soft.  I was a bit disappointed not to find more intrigue at the end (thinking of DaVinci code).  There is one comment that makes it sound like things were left open, but it was early enough in the story, I'm not sure if it refers to what was later found, or that the secret was maintained. Regardless, it was a fun read and I'm sure will make an equally entertaining movie.
 I read The DaVinci Code years after its heyday, found it pretty entertaining, but did not think it lived up to the hype.  I did not read the next book.  I decided to give The Lost Symbol a fair shake.<br/><br/>I thought The Lost Symbol had a creaky plot, with confusing parts and implausible parts the glue and string that held it together, albeit not very well.  It needed more editing, to rein in some of the long-winded exposition parts, and to inject some degree of credibility into the action and pivotal events.  An awful lot happens in about six hours.  When you finally learn what the supposed crisis is, you wonder what the heck is the big deal.<br/><br/>I'm trying not to give away any plot details, but to convey my view that, aside from some of the historical trivia, this book was a bit of a chore to read, and I was glad when it was over.
 As controversial as some find Dan Brown's books, his unique blend of fact and fiction combined with page turning pace never seems to disappoint.  In what is now a well developed formula, Dan Brown has again delivered a gripping thriller with enough turns and twists to keep his fans happy.<br/><br/>If you're a fan of Dan Brown's earlier work and wish to soak up a long, slow afternoon with an engaging read - this is worth buying.  If Dan's previous Robert Langdon books didn't grab you, then I suggest you steer clear as this is more of the same.<br/><br/>Happy reading!
 Da Vinci Code wasn't perfect but it was a really fun story.  This one was too similar yet simplistic, predictable, and in the conclusion, just stupid.  I'm glad I borrowed the ebook and didn't pay for it.<br/><br/>The "science" and the scientist in the book is inane.  The plot too simple and only seems mysterious at times.  It didn't have nearly the level of suspense and surprise that Da Vinci Code had for me.
 If any of you have read the previous books then I assure you that you'll be able to predict everything that will happen in this book. It follows the exact same formula than The Da Vinci Code. There was only one thing that I wasn't really expecting, but that was ruined when Dan Brown turned the moment into a Hollywood moment.<br/><br/>If you haven't read any of the books where Robert Langdon appears, then you'll probably enjoy the book. It will keep you interested most of the times and it's a fun and easy read. Also if you haven't read any of the past Rober Langdon books, then you'll probably won't find this book as predictable.<br/><br/>I'd recommend the book since you can probably read it in 2-3 days, but don't expect it to wow you.
 Like so many others, I hoped that this would be another fantastic episode in the life of Robert Langdon. It wasn't. The most distressing part of the book is that, unlike his previous books, Brown presented virtually no history or mythology about his chosen subject (Freemasonry and the United States) except occasional minutiae and Internet-search trivia matched with his paternal narrative warnings not to judge the Freemasons and their past. Whose wandering opinions was Brown trying to nanny back into check, ours or his? His pro-Freemasonic lecturing got tedious to the point of insulting. Don't look for anything but the most vague connection between Freemasonry and the Morgan Affair, the Mormon Church, Albert Pike and his connection to Confederate secret societies, or even the obvious, the Founders. This book becomes Brown's most violent yet. Apparently he forgot how to write suspense and action into a scene without resorting to Ripperological detail. Finally, all but the last 100 pages are reminiscent of Keystone Cops antics. Chasing, racing, stumbling, dark streets and confusion -- all without the usual Langdon expertise to explain it. Brown's lead character seems just as befuddled with his new mysteries and he is. Meanwhile, the audience of readers resort to thinking for both gentlemen and silently scream "Don't go in there!" as well as "Don't write that!" The predictability of the book's plot is its undoing. Void of any nuance between good and evil, simple and complex, or even fact and fiction, the readers are left to fend for themselves in a meaningless carnival of violence and moral lecturing. A more satisfying and sensible adventure would be to re-read an earlier Brown book and mentally substitute "Freemason" for every reference to "Priory" and "Illimunati."
 Lots of differing views and ideas here about this book.  I'll throw this out.  My wife and I have been readers of Neal Donald Walsh and his 'Conversations with God' series.  I was thinking early on that - yeah, this ties in a bit - and then WHAM!  Talk about bringing it all together - Dan does an excellent job of that in this book.<br/><br/>If you are the least bit intrigued by what you've read in this book - especially regarding the human soul - then go read some Walsh.<br/><br/>Oh, and one reason why Langdon would never actually be a Mason is quite simple - he's Catholic.  As a society with secrets (as opposed to a secret society, as he points out so eloquently) - the confessional would require him to divulge what was revealed unto him.<br/><br/>I was also quite prepared for this book to be another one of those anti-Masonic type of stories.  I was quite pleased with the way he treated the organization.  And it's pretty much an open secret now the way parts of the rituals are performed, with some variations in each state, since each state has its own Grand Lodge.  There's quite enough that is recognizable and part of open knowledge now that certainly was hidden in the past.<br/><br/>As for the people who complained that many of the plot elements were rehashed from other authors or from movies - I have to ask if you actually read the book with an open mind to begin with, or were looking to pick nits throughout the entire book?  The ending here was perhaps not as funny as Sophie checking the water - but it still fit with the theme.  You get a book that is a lot of exposition - you're going to have that.  Perhaps now Langdon will settle down with one of the females he's run across - it would be interesting to see what someone with the knowledge of symbology that he has could do with the knowledge that Katherine Solomon has if they worked together.<br/><br/>And lastly - think back, to Robert A. Heinlein and his character Valentine Michael Smith - "Thou Art God".
 (Not really any spoilers in this review, but it may be considered spoilerish by some)<br/><br/>After reading `Da Vinci Code' &amp; waiting years to get my hands on the next Robert Langdon book, I just can't help but feel incredibly under whelmed by this book. Dan Brown has had enough time to where this should have been a better book than what it turned out to be, but somehow this book ended up being just a big disappointment to me.<br/><br/>The book follows up with Robert Langdon after his escapades in the previous book. (No, you don't learn anything about what happened to Sophie, although we do learn that Langdon has put out a book about the symbolism from his previous adventure.) Langdon has been invited to Washington D.C. to speak as a last minute guest of influential Peter Solomon. Once there, he gets embroiled in a mystery of very high stakes as he must discover secrets that masons have tried to keep hidden for hundreds of years- and try to keep them from a menacing threat who calls himself Mal'akh.<br/><br/>Really &amp; truthfully, there weren't as many surprises or big gasping revelations in the story. You can see many of the big "surprises" a mile away (I guessed Mal'akh's identity very early on in the novel) &amp; the riddles just aren't as great as the ones in his previous two books. I can't quite place my finger on why the mysteries &amp; riddles aren't as interesting as in the previous books by him- it's not like the mysteries of the masons don't intrigue me.<br/><br/>As far as character development goes, I really didn't see a lot of it. We're given a bit of background on each character, but only one or two people are really fleshed out. One of the more promising characters (CIA operative Inoue Sato) has some of the worst character development in that it just isn't done. She throws her weight around but shows no real depth to her character, which is a big shame because it could have been far better executed. Other characters in the book appear &amp; are mentioned a few times but serve as cannon fodder for the villain. There's also the female sidekick of Katherine Solomon (sister of Peter) whose main purpose is to serve as a sounding board for all of Langdon's theorizing &amp; such. (Thankfully she's not a romantic interest- there's NO chemistry between these characters.)<br/><br/>After the big showdown with the villain there's about 40 pages of Langdon &amp; Katherine getting most of the mysteries revealed, which after a while got a little dull. I couldn't help but hear the "wrap it up" music from the Oscars playing in my head at one point- I just wanted Brown to get to the point &amp; do a cleaner ending to the book.<br/><br/>This isn't to say that I didn't get some enjoyment out of this book. It was good for whiling away a few hours, but as a much anticipated follow up it fell drastically short. (I wasn't even really expecting that much out of this book either...) I'm torn between giving this book three stars or giving it two stars- I've read far better from his contemporaries in the field (not to mention better from the author himself), but I'm going to have to face the truth- this book just wasn't that great. So yeah... 2.5 stars (but I'm giving it a 2).
 Dan Brown has many detractors. These people abhor what "Literature" has become and make fun of the writing, story, and characters. But you know what? Two of his novels have been made into huge blockbuster movies, and I predict this one will as well.<br/><br/>This story follows the continuing adventures of Robert Langdon, Harvard symbologist. This time his adventure takes him to our nations capital to track down the hidden Masonic treasure. Where this may sound a bit like National Treasure, the similarities end there. Where the aforementioned tracks down gold and valuables, this treasure is knowledge, and the knowledge is power to change the world.<br/><br/>Definitely a page turner, Brown starts almost instantly with the adventure continuing until the conclusion almost non stop. I found myself reading late into the night, unable to put the book down until I found out what happened.<br/><br/>They book mixes esoteric with adventure and continues throughout.<br/><br/>I will say, however, that Brown's writing does suffer from some drawbacks. His use of dialog to explain things ad nauseum and his overuse of some phrases. If I had a dollar for every time someone "stopped short" in this book, I could retire today.<br/><br/>That having been said, the story does what it is supposed to do. It entertained me, had me turning pages, and satisfied my hunger for a good story. After all, isn't that why we read books?
 I thought this book was okay....just okay.<br/>As someone who loved "The DaVinci Code" and loved "Angels and Demons" even more, I was a little let down by "The Lost Symbol".<br/><br/>First off, it is VERY long for a story that only spanned 1 day. There were several times in the book that I was almost speed reading to get past slow parts simply because the book was so long.<br/><br/>To me, I think Mr. Brown tried too hard on the story line. After having the cool plots and twists in the first two Langdon books, it felt like Mr. Brown was trying to do it again, but more this time. It kept going to the point of it being ridiculous at times. I think the actual story was very neat, but he just took it to the Nth degree and should have kept it more simple....in my humble opinion.<br/><br/>For Dan Brown fans, like I am, it is definitely worth reading, but it surely isn't worth $20+(hardback). The people who got it on their Kindle for $10 paid what this book was worth.<br/><br/>I would have been happy if it was 75 pages shorter. I don't mind long books at all, but this was too long for the story it told.<br/><br/>I will definitely read more Langdon novels, but I hope next time around, Mr. Brown doesn't try so hard.....or wait to long to write it.
 I really liked Brown until I read this book. I've read all of his books and I can tell how he went from being an excellent thriller writer to just write against christianity and any other form of religious belief. From his real enjoyable masterpiece "Angel &amp; Demons" to his real nonsense fairytale of a "Lost Symbol". The use of science, bible references and more just don't make any sense. It was hard to start the book and even worse to keep on. The way he trick the reader into not discovering who's the bad guy is just insulting. I was expecting more from him but I feel like he lost his way. He used every chance he had to confuse more than to illustrate.<br/><br/>Even if you like his other books you really need to think if you want to loose your time reading something that doesn't really makes sense.<br/><br/>Suggestion: Read "Angel's and Demons" and "DaVinci Code" instead of this one.
 I just finished reading this latest book from Dan Brown and I found I just couldn't put it down.  It grabs you from the start and the revalations keep coming.  It is a very compelling read.  Don't expect to start it late in the day or you will be up most of the night!  Each of the characters is well written and completely formed, unlike some other writers.  The action is non-stop and totally believeable.  I would highly recommend this book to any fan of Dan Brown's.
 For a few weeks I staunchly resisted opening The Lost Symbol because I had other books claiming my attention. Two days ago I cracked it open and was immediately sucked into the world of Dan Brown, emerging bleary-eyed and contemplative. While many elements echoed The Da Vinci Code - reluctant hero, damsel in distress, fanatic villain, wise mentor, ancient secrets - they are such archetypes that Brown can be forgiven for the resonance. He really is a master storyteller who weaves history, suspense and arcana into a fairly compulsive page-turner full of adrenalin rushing action, and a labyrinth of unexpected twists and turns. The dialogue can get a bit forced on occasion, especially when presenting paragraphs of obscure factoids, and I did find myself skimming a bit.<br/><br/>But this is first and foremost a thriller, and since I don't want to give away the plot, I'll focus on what might be the impact of The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>Like good art and literature generally, I think this book both reflects and will affect the collective psyche. It taps into the same profound yearnings to understand life's mysteries that rocketed The Secret to popularity a few years ago.  It dangles the notion that there are indeed answers out there that "they" (government, illuminati, the Church, anyone in power, etc.) are keeping from us - grist for the mill of our inner conspiracy theorist. His research is exhaustive and meticulous, and I noticed that there are already three "guides" to the book out there or on the way.<br/><br/>The book can be read on several different levels: as a jolly good read, as pop history, as a popularized introduction to esoteric ideas, and/or as a big wake-up call. I'm not sure it will have the same impact as the Da Vinci Code, because the conclusions are more personal and require reflection.<br/><br/>The ending straddles the border between magic and plausible possibility, between victimhood and the dazzling power of creation. I recall the immortal words of Pogo, "We have met the enemy, and they are us..." The Lost Symbol would suggest, "We have met God, and God is us..." Let's hope this work is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
 Whenever a book is written that "supposedly" challenges our beliefs, I look forward to reading it. If what we think is what we are, a book that challenges our beliefs will either help us transform and self actualize, or will reaffirm that what we believe is indeed a certainty for us. At any rate... we gain from the author's insight, perspective, ideas, suggestions and knowledge.<br/><br/>So, when The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons were released, I read them, and honestly enjoyed the mystery, the thrill, the suspense and the locations covered by the work of Dan Brown because having visited those cities, I was stunned to realize I had not seen many of the symbols mentioned. We even researched The Last Supper by Leonardo DaVinci and were surprised to find many of the details explained by the author and never had we seen the details as when explained by this amazing writer.<br/><br/>So, it is with great anticipation that I looked forward to reading The Lost Symbol, especially knowing that this book would be written about a city we frequently visit, Washington, D.C. Having just finished reading it, I look forward to our next visit so we can "map" out the sites mentioned by the book and experience the thrill of discovering it through Dan Brown's eyes.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is awesome! With great trepidation every page is turned because the suspense created is simply riveting. Without revealing the plot or attempt to re-write the work, the thoughts that fascinated me and have kept me pondering on the wisdom share are as follows:<br/><br/>- To live in the world without becoming aware of the meaning of the world is like wandering about in a great library without touching the books!<br/>- What if I told you that a thought... any tiny idea that forms in our mind... actually has mass? The obvious implications are, if a thought has mass, then a thought exerts gravity and can pull things toward it... Taking this thought a step further, what happens if many people start focusing on the same thought?<br/>- If enough people begin thinking the same thing, then the gravitational force of that thought becomes tangible... and it exerts actual force with the ability to effect our physical world.<br/><br/>The first lines encourage education, reading and seeking knowledge. A truly noble idea. The second and third encourage the people of our planet Earth to share information, to debate ideas, to encourage learning and to "think" therefore... becoming citizens of a planet that can; for example, finally achieve peace!<br/><br/>Imagine all the people of Earth focusing on one thing, the power of our minds to create, to do good for mankind, to leave a legacy, to transfer knowledge and insight. Imagine humanity realizing the true potential of our brain power to do powerful things rather than seeing ourselves as different and separate from one another.<br/><br/>As you read the book, take the time to research the symbols, to find clips on the locations mentioned, to ponder on the probing thoughts shared by the author. Powerful... and in the end, we walk away with the feeling that there is a better way for our societies to form, through cooperation and the sharing of knowledge and ideas.<br/><br/>Yes, The Lost Symbol provides... HOPE!<br/><br/>If you have not done so, I sincerely encourage you to read The Lost Symbol!
 Lost Smybol is a bit slow, but it is good for one thing especially; it is an unerringly accurate account of Free Masonry.  Masons are every so often misunderstood! They are not Yale Skull and Crossbones or some secret plotting Bilderberger type socieity.  It is a weak vestage of ancient wisdom, however,the words and symbols are still there even if most Masons have forgotten them.  It gives a detailed, fair picture of the origins and purpose of Masonry, it's real purpose, which is exceptionally noble. The casual observer can easily see how far Masons have fallen from their honorable calling and obligations.<br/><br/>Further, the 'coded' wisdom in the book is there for anyone who wants to read slowly, take notes, and live a noble life accordingly. Do not confuse it with dogma, religion, subversive societies,or any sort of voodoo. It is timeless knowledge,lying dormant among old men who largely know only the words and have lost the meaning.  Recommended as (accurate) historical fiction; it is so-so as an adventure.<br/><br/>While I subscribe to the writing style of the protagonist being a bit dumb and getting smarter as the story progresses (ala Matrix I), Brown could give his characters a whopping bit more savvy. We have had enough of bumbling male figures since the antique cartoon, "Father Knows Best," to the current "Simpsons" and it is time to resurrect manhood.  Brown missed a golden opportunity here.
 I had high hopes for Mr Brown, after reading his Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons, Digital Fortress and Deception Point, and I must say I am utterly disappointed with this book. It's hard to believe that this book took him 6 years. First, it was painfully slow, and 2 thirds of the book is repetitive (dialogues, plots and scenes) and the ending? Duh?! It makes me wonder if Mr Brown is banking on the success of DVC and A&amp;D.  Page after page on Mal'akh's physical descriptions, secret tunnels and staircases, the Vow of Secrecy, biblical quotes, the symbols. The writing is horrible, Langdon has evolved into an idiot, always insisted that he was right about the symbols, and proceed to be shocked when he discovered that he is not (again and again). The Big Mystery? Behold the Bible! How original! *roll eyes* Oh PLEASE! 'The Lost Symbol', yes I am totally lost. I can't wait to get my hands on this book when it's released, now I can't wait to finish it.  Should have read the reviews before I bought it, and I wasted good money on a hardcover book that is 'lost'. 'The Lost Symbol', indeed.<br/>Ok,I'm off to read other good book...
 Albeit the plot is well written and sometimes thrilling as you read you'll remember "The Da Vinci Code". And as you go forth with your reading I can bet that you'll know where-about will the "Lost Symbol" be ensconced. Maybe a good homework will be to compare each book with the riddles and codes because I think both of them have the same foundation.<br/><br/>P.S. The six points star is not the seal of King Solomon, Is the seal of King David.
 Let me attempt to explain why I titled my review as 'Both GOOD and BAD'...I was one of the few lucky ones who stumbled upon The Da Vinci Code within about a week after its initial release, and LONG before it became somewhat of a phenomenon. All I knew was, within about 25 pages or so after starting it, I ran out and purchased 'Angels &amp; Demons'. The whole genre which Dan Brown seems to have invented single-handedly (I refer you to the DOZENS of similar-themed novels and at least 2 National Treasure movies--and counting), is no longer as 'original' as it seemed when DVC first hit the book shelves nearly 7 years ago.<br/><br/>First off, poor Dan Brown has a few things going against him right out of the chute, in that 'The Lost Symbol' is instantly one of THE most anticipated novels in the past 20-30 YEARS--and with expectations like that, face it, the uphill battle of matching the first two Robert Langdon stories was lost probably before he even began writing it. The controversy found within those two books is easily more captivating--not to mention more controversial than this 3rd volume as well.<br/><br/>Second it seems that in the years since DVC came out, people have (somewhat) forgotten that NONE of Dan Brown's books were of Shakespearian quality to begin with...most seem to recall the HUGE controversy sparked by the two previous books to remember with absolute clarity that while immensely entertaining &amp; creative, neither book could be placed in the same category as Serious Literature, either.<br/><br/>Strike Two.<br/><br/>Let me say that had I not read 'Angels &amp; Demons' or 'The Da Vinci Code' before picking this one up, I would like to believe it would easily be THE Must Read novel of 2009. Comparing 'The Lost Symbol' to the other two Robert Langdon stories--and lets face it, there is NO escaping the comparisons--it all depends on your personal perception on how where you will rank this one. Again, the whole 'originality' of the character of Robert Langdon is all but gone having experienced him twice before, and again in both theatrical films--so you kind of feel as though you already know the guy even before he makes an appearance, which is okay. The entire premise is based on Dan Browns own 'formula', one which he strays very little from here.<br/><br/>I happen to LOVE short chapters, and if you do, too--the fact that there are over a hundred of them ought to make you thrilled. The so-called 'controversy' herein makes a much smaller impact (I believe) than what we had before...that isn't to say that it ISN'T interesting or even compelling, it just doesn't deliver the punch we have seen in the past from Mr. Brown. There is a LOT of info contained in the book and you can clearly see that a ton of research went into the history of the story, and again, before you expect the book to be anywhere near as original as the first two ought to be just thrown out the window before you even begin page 1. Also, one other thing noted by a few other reviewers: some suspension of belief isn't just a good idea, its downright necessary here. DON'T take it too seriously and I think that 'The Lost Symbol' is an excellent story and HIGHLY entertaining no matter what anyone else says. Keep in mind that opinions vary...otherwise, a very solid entry by Dan Brown. I really enjoyed it overall.
 The Lost Symbol was a decent read, but not nearly as good as The Divinci Code. This book was too long. Could have easily been cut down in length by about 30%. The climax of the story wasn't all the exciting. In this book Robert Langdon wasn't nearly as deep of a character as in The Davinci Code. For how long the book was I would have expected better depth, which there just wasn't much of. Still a decent read though.
 I am very curious to know how many other readers found the "twist" in this novel to be as painfully obvious as I did. This plot element was introduced about 1/3 of the way through the novel and almost immediately I knew exactly where Brown was going with it. It was so moronically obvious that I was actually confused as to whether or not Brown actually intended it to be a surprise. When the twist is finally revealed in chapter 119, I couldn't believe that it was presented as though it would be even remotely surprising to the reader.<br/><br/>Aside from that, I thought this was a pretty lame book. I thought "The Da Vinci Code" and "Angels &amp; Demons" were fun reads, if not particularly intelligent. This was just stupid and, in the case of the twist mentioned above, offensive. How dumb does Dan Brown think we are? I agree with the reviewers who mentioned that a new editor is needed. There was so much repetition of information that did NOT need to be repeated, that I wondered if Brown bothered to read through the manuscript once he had finished typing it. The Noetic "science" subplot was completely unnecessary and made it hard to take the characters seriously. The religious yammering was also annoying and preachy and sure to alienate non-Christian readers. (He tries to make the point that the philosophy embraced by the character in question encompasses all religions, but anyone who is not Christian will recognize this it is still a very Christian-centric worldview that entirely lacks perspective outside of a Christian viewpoint.)<br/><br/>I also tired of Brown's obvious fascination with rich people. In the world of Dan Brown, all interesting people are wealthy, and people who aren't wealthy...well there aren't any, so I don't know what they're like. Brown is constantly apologizing for the good fortune of the rich and lamely tries to show how difficult life is for these billionaire, old-moneyed families because they have so many responsibilities that the poor don't have, but I'm not buying it. Apparently if you have a rich brother or friend you can do anything you want, including getting into restricted access government buildings and performing undeniably unethical and secretive "science" experiments. This book is like the escapist films of the 1930s that presented Depression-era audiences with the trials and tribulations of the super-rich and glamorous completely divorced from the real world, but without all the charm and Fred Astaire.
 I am really annoyed with myself. I finished Dan Brown's new book and I do not know why I did not stop after 100 pages. It was just awful. Way too much information, in a very lecturing kind of way. It was as if he had an outline for a really good thriller, and then he awkwardly inserted all this information. As if he wrote the info on sticky notes and then just put them on the pages of his outline, willy nilly.<br/><br/>Another review said it better than I "Dan Brown chooses to use Langdon's inner monologues to tell us every single piece of research he's done for this book. Instead of weaving it into the story he decides to tell us everything rather than showing it to us."<br/><br/>The endless pages of detail about Masons and about Noetic science......snore!<br/><br/>BTW, I liked every other book of his, even the early ones without Robert Langdon. I actually fell asleep twice while reading The Lost Symbol....something I never do!<br/><br/>I was just reading some other reviews of this book at another site and came upon this one, which made me LOL<br/><br/>"Is it still vaguely enjoyable in the way only a Dan Brown book can be? Yes. Does Dan Brown's copy editor need to be publicly humiliated? YES AND HIS NAME IS APPARENTLY JASON KAUFMAN (according to the Acknowledgements, so I'm not like, stalking anyone here)<br/><br/>Also, if I ever have to read the words "neutered sex organ" again, I will be forced to remove my eyeballs and then pour bleach directly onto my brain."<br/><br/>I could not have said it better, so I won't.
 Dan Brown is certainly not God's gift to literature, that has already been well established, but if I'm reading pulp fiction I expect at least some semblance of plot. Preferrably, I would like that plot to be moved along by devices other than "Did you know about X? No? Well let me tell you." And focusing on the Masons? Seriously? Didn't we already delve into that in that horrid Nicolas Cage movie? Give your readers some credit for having brains and recognizing the well-trod formulae at this point. I heartily concur with others who have suggested that you can your editor. However, if a real editor excised the junk in this book, all that would be left are tidbits I can get out of a Google search.
 It really deserves one but, out of respect for his previous successes, Brown gets a second star.  Predictability, clichés, illogic, wow!  Dan, what happened?  Worth a read if only for the interesting bits of history and philosophy.  Normally I would be shocked to hear that Hollywood is planning to make a movie from a book I've read but, they really couldn't make a movie that was that much worse than the book.
 This book had so many twists and turns and had so much incredibly enlightened information.  It was exciting, intriguing, and filled with the unexpected.  The proverbial page-turner at it's best.  It was very enlightening regarding Masonic legends, symbols and practices.  I have to believe the nay sayers were not evolved enough to understand what they missed.  If, instead of being in such a hurry to criticize, people would put their energy into understanding what was presented here, they might learn something.  If you didn't "get it" don't criticize the author - it isn't his fault - it could have been a spiritual awakening for you! Wonderful book!  I love Robert Langdon and all his interesting friends and exciting adventures and the very enlightened way these books are presented.  Perhaps I've overused the word enlightened here, but I don't think so - it fits!  Thank you Dan Brown and I will eagerly await your next book.
 Good story but a little long as to the history and descriptions.  They are interesting but a bit too detailed for my taste.  But the storyline was good and the characters were too.  the suspence kept up until the end and the ending was good.
 The Lost Symbol is a fitting followup to Angels and Demons and the DaVinci Code. It share with previous books all the elements of ancient secrets, a scavenger hunt through history, loathsome villians, and cliff-hanger transitions (though, thankfully the Lost Symbol cliff-hangers are not so annoying, but rather help the pace of story-telling.<br/><br/>I really like where the story ends up with a world of possibility wide open to human potential. The seeds were planted early in the story and find ample development and realization in the epilogue. I enjoyed the several days in the world of intrigue Dan Brown created.
 this book starts promisingly, with a apparently good plot, the mysteries of the  Masonic brotherhood, the strange villain and the return of Robert Langdom. What seems to be a sensational story in the fist part becomes a hunt for a  Jason-styled monster in the second part and abruptly changes diection to a third part where the Hollywoodian-paced thriller is left aside and  the book begins the philosophical discussion^about who we are, to where we go, the meaning of life, the existence of God etc...It is a good book, really, well written, in Dan brown style (I cannot criticize his stylre because the others also have formulas) but somerthing is missing here. A real finale, maybe, or maybe  something more solid instead of metaphisical theories...
 I learned so much from this book and it was also a fun read. I will probably read it again as so much info it is hard to remember it all.
 While I find that the book was none the less entertaining I also think that any person that has a background in philosophy will appreciate the nods from Dan Brown, but with that they have moved past the ideas expressed in the book. His ideas are still interesting they just aren't new. I find that on the plus side is because of his ability to sell books these ideas are getting out there, from our founding fathers being deists to nods toward ancient wisdom I find that this book will probably stimulate people to look into the information he's supporting, and that I think is a very good thing.
 Six years and a million conspiracy theories later, Dan Brown finally gives us his new novel, "The Lost Symbol." As with "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels and Demons," the plot revolves around rare symbologist Robert Langdon. Noetic scientist Katherine Soloman accompanies Langdon as they chase ancient and mystical powers around Washington, D.C.<br/><br/>As with a number of Brown's novels, there is a lone antagonist who seeks these treasures as well. Mal'akh, a self-tattooed beast of a human, tortures and kills the innocent as he hunts for the final piece to his personal transformation. He turns out to be the most evil and intricate villain that Brown has ever presented.<br/><br/>The novel starts with Langdon flying to D.C. to present a lecture at the invitation of his mentor and friend Peter Soloman. However, when Langdon shows up to give his presentation, he realizes something is terribly wrong. Then we are taken on a fantastic trek that takes us deep into the very roots on which this country was founded.<br/><br/>With each chapter we are taken to a different location of the action. In one particular scene, we are shown two different vantage points of what is occurring, which turns out to be extremely terrifying. In one viewpoint we see Ms. Soloman stumbling around in a massive pitch-black structure trying to escape her pursuer, Mal'akh. Then with the next chapter, we are taken into the mind of this devil as he attempts to capture Ms. Soloman and perform unspeakable acts against her.<br/><br/>The societies portrayed are the Freemasons (led by Mr. Soloman), like the Knights Templar in "The DaVinci Code" and the Illuminati in "Angels and Demons." Brown shows particular kindness towards them and explains they are misunderstood only because of the secretive nature of the society's members.<br/><br/>Twists and turns fill this novel, as much as the use of italicized words. This proved annoying at times, to the point where I began counting how many italic words there were per chapter. Maybe it was for those who needed guidance, but I believe any sane person would have understood words like "within" and "staircase."<br/><br/>One particular aspect that makes Brown's novel interesting are the various landmarks used ranging from the Capitol Building to the Washington Monument, which are used to demonstrate Langdon and his female counterpart's aptitude for interpreting signs and symbols that our forefathers plastered on every structure in our nation's capitol. Each facet of the landmark came with an extensive explanation or argument that proved tiresome at times. But that is what I have come to expect from Professor Langdon.<br/><br/>It can be said that many of Brown's novels are similar. This is, in my belief, Brown's main pitfall as a novelist. Predictability of actions, moments and ideas caused me to realize the final irony of the whole adventure while only halfway through the book. Still, it was the means of getting there that make this his best piece of work to date.
 An awesome story that was significantly hurt by the author's misunderstanding of religion. He made claims about the "hidden" meaning of words that become absurd if you have any sort of understanding of word origins, i.e. claiming that "amen" was a secret reference to Amon Ra, the Egyptian sun god. Amen is a transliteration of a Greek word that means "verily, truly, so let it be." The suspense is good, the writing is ok, the interpretations of symbols and codes is entertaining, but what takes a star away from this work is the author's misunderstanding of religion.
 While it isn't The DaVinci Code this was a great, gripping book!  I could not put it down and I was up until 1am trying to finish this!  My favorite thing about Dan Brown is his ability to make you want MORE.  You just cannot stop reading.  I love the suspensful way he will end a chapter and then move on to something else the next chapter...I almost want to skip ahead to find out what happened but also don't want to miss one, single thing.<br/>Yes, this book is predictible at parts but so what?  It is a great read.<br/>The biggest thing to remember with Brown is it is FICTION.  He does not claim that his books are true.  It is a wonderful tale that, yes, will make you think and turn to Google to look some stuff up :)<br/>It was a good follow up to The DaVinci Code.  Now I am waiting anxiously for the next Robert Langdon book!
 I'm only 1/5 of the way through this book, yet I can hardly put it down and have to recommend it. If I could only read this 1/5 of it, it would have been worth the price of the book alone! That tells you something. I'm upset that I started this book on Sunday evening, therefore can only read snippets of it through the work week rather than one thoroughly long, enjoyable reading period over the weekend! I had my doubts about this book, I tend to only read non-ficion these days (and I've also read The Da Vinci Code which I absolutely loved), and yet Dan Brown has proven himself once again. To those naysayers, obviously this book is going to be different from The Da Vinci Code! He can't write the same book!<br/><br/>*Update*<br/>I finished the book! Loved it! Almost wanted to miss a day of work just so I could finish it! Who cares if he isn't Charles Dickens or Leo Tolstoy- Dan Brown inspires and captures your heart and imagination! It's the content that matters, not the form! I recommend this to everyone! :)
 After The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons, Dan Brown gives us a third adventure with his popular character Robert Langdon, Harvard professor and religious history and ancient symbols expert. (Think Tom Hanks, who, with director Ron Howard, is probably gearing up for another film version as I write this). This time, Brown takes us on a nerve-wracking romp through Washington, D.C. as Langdon tries to decipher symbols and secrets of the American Masons before they can be misused by an evil force. As usual, Brown offers a virtually artless writing style, but this hardly matters because his story is completely plot-driven and this book, like his previous ones, is a real page-turner. Brown may not be a Charles Dickens or a John Steinbeck when it comes to written expression, but he does know how to construct a good story. Chapters bounce back and forth between exciting predicaments and flash back to earlier events and provide background on various characters. (There are so many cliffhangers in this story that it easily could have run as a week-to-week serial in a newspaper as was the custom for introducing numerous 19th-century novels).<br/>As in all the Brown novels, this one has a psychotic, homicidal bad guy who is trying to foil Langdon's clever efforts to unravel perplexing clues and riddles so he can reach the treasure first and use it for his own evil purposes. This time, the nemesis is a megalomanical tattooed madman who thinks he can gain the map to the Ancient Mysteries and thereby transform himself in to a god. He is one baaaaaaad dude, and never, since I read the Left Behind series wherein the antagonist is the Antichrist himself, have I wanted so badly for the enemy to get his comeuppances. (Need I say that he does--big time?)<br/>Some plot points call for a suspension of disbelief. For example, the nemesis first puts his evil plan in motion after he hears crucial information conveniently through a ventilation shaft. That's right. An inmate in a Turkish prison eavesdrops on a conversation from the warden's office through a ventilation shaft. Okay.<br/>Also, would the world as we know it really be ripped asunder if, as certain characters seem to fear, a videotape of detailed secret Masonic rites--bizarre though they may be--were loosed upon the Internet? I hardly think so.<br/>Now, a criticism on character development: Readers were given a false buildup for the big Mistaken Identity revelation toward the end. What was said in earlier chapters was not just misleading (that would have been okay), but explained in a totally false way. Oh, well.<br/>After the nemesis is dispatched, Brown uses characters Peter Soloman, a wealthy academic and 33rd-degree Mason, and his sister Katherine Soloman, a noetic scientist, to present a thought-provoking essay about the importance for respect for ancient holy wisdom and the connection between science and spirituality. Brown focuses on the various sites in the nation's capital, in particular, the Washington Monument and the Capitol Building, to suggest an historical and ongoing connection between American historic ideals and the ultimate spiritual destiny of mankind. His assertions about the Lost Word of the ancients will spark new respect for numerous great books of philosophy from the past--one in particular--and how it contains "a collection of untapped wisdom waiting to be unveiled" (489). The main theme of the book's last three chapters is that God favors mankind's understanding and continuing intellectual and spiritual development. Katherine, who has discovered, among other startling scientific facts, a method to quantifiably weigh the human soul (that's right), continues the discussion of human apotheosis, suggesting the possibility of men reaching complete spiritual maturity (498). These last 20 pages or so are so interesting that they are worth the whole lengthy read.
 If I wanted a tour guide for Florence then I would have contacted a travel agent.  I mostly enjoyed Dan Brown's previous books, but he seems to get bogged down in the minute details of Florence in this novel.  It feels like the story comes to a slamming halt every time Langdon turns his head.  Stuff that has nothing to do with the story gets explained in excruciating and hipster like detail.  I couldn't finish the book, and I am sorry I wasted my money on buying it.
 I like the plot of the book "holy grail of masons" and enjoy the books from the author. There were many repetitions of characters and their physical state but there was no physical change. I like the pyramid concept and decoding the message or secret location. I think digital fortress was much better version of solving the clues but this book doesn't provide interesting clues.  I am not sure of why liquid oxygen ...] is used to drown Langdon as Mal'akh wants to destroy all clues to reveal the secret.<br/><br/>Overall the book is good and little too long.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this great book.<br/> Dan Brown has done amazing research and has captured and challenged some of the most complex human questions of the ages. I have already, and I will again recommend this book to others.
 There were lots of historic texts quoted and mentioned, now I want to read them and learn about their history and teachings. This was a page turner, first time I've read an entire book on vacation.
 A trivia trove wrapped around a shaggy dog story.<br/>Okay. Not great.
 Another Dan Brown, Robert Langdon classic. Typically excellent adventure to solve a great puzzle with lives and national security at stake. Outstanding confluence of history, religion, Mason's and of course Symbology👍
 Definitely the clearest in Dan Brown's theme of a spirituality all can embrace with optimism about the possibility of melding a world peace based on understanding of a common thread between religious zealots that distort the great spiritual message of each tradition, all in a compelling page to page turner that I was sorry was over.  Hope he continues in this vein.  The criticism of others that Langdon is short sighted is earned by his refusal to be open to a spiritual reality outside the confines of science, just because he can't prove it.  A must read.
 I'll start out with the good aspects of this novel.  There was suspense, and yes the little trivial facts about Washington D.C. and the symbols were very cool.  Now the negative.  If you have read Angels and Demons, The DaVinci Code, and then this you'll start to feel like I did--his books are madlibs.  He simply replaces every character and scene from the last novel.  Start with a murder.  Next Langdon gets drawn into the choas.  He is introduced to a woman connected to the person who is killed, and also for a subplot, a love story that never really materializes.  Suspect that in is some underground group behind it all, but it turns out to just be one man behind all the scenes.  Interesting unknown facts thrown around everywhere, but the conclusion is always the same.  This is a Robert Langdon novel--expect nothing less.<br/>Review by Drew D'Amato author of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Bloodlines/dp/B006J2OERI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bloodlines</a>
 Always enjoy the underlying factual based details about the locale, in this case Washington DC.  Usual suspense, mystery, and spirituality.
 Once again Robert Langdon is the star of this Dan Brown novel. In this book Langdon is called as a last minute spraker by his longtime friend and mentor Peter Solomon. Langdon arrives in Washington D. C. and discovers that<br/>no speaking event is taking place. Next a right hand that has been cut off is left in the floor of the capitol pointing up. Langdon discovers to his horror that Peter Solomon has been kidnapped and rhat the amputated hand<br/>belongs to Solomon. The hand is supposed to lead to a portal that will help to find the Ancient Mysteries that<br/>are related to Freemasonary. Solomon is a 33rd degree Mason. Langdon keeps recieving cell phone calls from the villain Mal'Akh. This man is truly evil and scary. Langdon is joined in his search by Inoue Sato the Director of CIA office of security. The search of the Capitol begins in earnest. Langdon and Sato are soon joined in the search by the Capitol architect Warren Bellamy. Langdom escapes thanks to Bellamy. They soon discover that Mal'Akh<br/>has a history eith the Solomon family. Langdon is joined by Solomon's sister Katherine Solomon an authority in Noetic science. There is a huge search for the Lost Word. Another stunning revelation comes when Mal'Akh reveals<br/>his true identity. This is a fast moving book that will keep you reading.
 I wanted to like this book.  Really, I did.  But I found it boring, formulaic and the writing style was very annoying.  And I had it figured out about mid-way through; so much for suspense.  How many lone lunatics are there running around in Mr. Brown's world anyway?  And another peeve: after the first 20 pages or so we know who the characters are.  He doesn't have to keep giving their full names every time he mentions them:  Robert Langdon said this, Peter Solomon did that.  There's only one Robert, one Peter, one Katherine.  We should be on a first name basis by the end of the book.  Even if they don't have much personality.  Just an example of an irritating style.
 Not that great. That about sums up my opinion of the latest book by Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol. It started off quite interesting, but then it quickly fell into a formulaic trap (read: predictable). As a matter of fact, I was able to correctly guess a couple of major plot points just from the first few chapters, which made the rest of the reading thin for me. To his credit, however, Brown did stoke my interest in noetic science, causing me to look it up online and learn a bit about it, along with freemasonry.<br/><br/>I got the sense that Brown was trying too hard with this book, perhaps attempting to eclipse his previous work, The Da Vinci Code, with a far-reaching story that extended beyond religion. What I disliked most about Lost Symbol, however, was that Brown was preaching to the reader at the end of the book, which I consider a cardinal sin in fiction. Fiction is meant to entertain and, at times, enlighten the reader. It's never meant to be used as a means to foist the author's feelings, views, values, and ideas on the reader. It makes him or her look self-righteous, egotistical, and just plain old foolish. Just stick to writing good, fun, and engrossing stories, Mr. Brown, and leave your personal Sunday school teachings behind.
 Okay, it's Christmas, I feel generous so I give Dan Brown four stars. Robert Langdon seemed to have become a bit slower than he was in Angels and Demons and DaVinci Code. He is frequently sought for his knowledge, yet he often seems to think, 'No itt can't be, but then again, I guess it is!' The violence appears to be written for Hollywood. And yet, well, if there's a popcorn movie then there's such a thing as a popcorn book. And this is it. Dan, this must be more fun than teaching at a prep school.
 It's entertaining.  I had fun reading it.  I've read and agree with most of the critical reviews.  Those reviews that conclude that the book isn't worth your time to read, are wrongheaded. We all enjoy books and movies and heck, operas! that one can make the same negative assessments about, but those we like, we like because they are engaging despite any silly plot points or because they fail to provide The Secrets of the Universe in the end.  This book is engaging.  I read it in just a couple days and recommend it. I needn't repeat other reviewer's comments to explain why I didn't give it full stars.
 Dan Brown's books are a delight to read and an education.  His ability to blend fact and fiction keeps your attention and wanting more.  Lost Symbol  is a great read filled with characters that grab your attention and hold on throughout.  If you like to learn and enjoy at the same time,  Lost Symbol is the book to read.
 Having read all of Mr. Brown's books, I have to say, I waited impatiently for this one to arrive.  I was not let down.  I believe Mr. Brown does for literature what Star Wars did for cinema. Where the actual story Good vs. Evil, boy and girl, whatever (now that's good English) is fairly simple, however Mr. Brown is able to interject history, background and theory that said in other forums would be dry and boring.  I never had an interest in the Masons, or Washington D.C. until reading the book.  I am fascinated now, and will be planning a trip.  The argument over previous novels is bull (again, good English) and only opened the door for lively debate among intelligent people.  It strengthened my faith by an increase in knowledge of theories and history.  As as Novel and loosely based on theories and innuendo, all of Mr. Brown's books have been very enjoyable reads.  I look forward to the next one.
 The Lost Symbol might as well have been called The Albrecht Durer Code (though that doesn't roll off the tongue quite as well).  It follows the same tired and true formula that made Dan Brown filthy rich with his previous thriller---including many of the same flaws, but often even worse.<br/><br/>There are too many such flaws to go into specifics, so I'll just discuss a few in general terms.  For starters, the plot is surprisingly predictable, despite some glaring holes calculated to accommodate what are supposed to be shocking twists.  Also, despite having obviously done loads of research, Brown sometimes gets his facts wrong---whether he deliberately distorts them to suit his purposes and hopes the reader won't notice, or whether he just flubbed it, it's difficult to tell.<br/><br/>Then there is the ridiculous pseudo-scientific premise, which is far more wildly implausible than that of The Da Vinci Code.  Brown basically buys into, and propagandizes for, a New Age interpretation of every brand of mysticism in history he comes across---faith healing, astral projection, the Deepak Chopra interpretation of quantum mechanics, and on and on.  But he claims (quite falsely, I assure you) that these are not New Age ideas, but real cutting-edge science.<br/><br/>If you can somehow manage to suspend your disbelief about all this nonsense, there are a few exciting scenes buried in the middle of the novel, and some interesting characters (too many of whom meet untimely ends).  But the ending returns to bad Platonic and other varieties of mystical philosophy, and is pretty much just disappointing.  The denouement goes on way too long, and the sorts of "scientific" experiments Brown describes as supposedly proving all this are laughably bad (rather than "conclusive and irrefutable" as he claims they would be), as are the arguments put forth to show that the Bible (as well as the scriptures of other religions) contain scientific wisdom beyond modern understanding (but that "our science may one day catch up with the wisdom of the ancients").<br/><br/>Then there is the theme, namely that the truth (or at least Dan Brown's incredibly misguided version of it) must be kept hidden from the masses by a self-appointed elite.  This is perhaps the most offensive element of the book.  But most of Brown's readers are probably not the sort who think too much about the novel's philosophical underpinnings, so Brown can spill his guts about it and not worry too much about those masses (who comprise his readership) catching on.<br/><br/>Bottom line: if you liked The Da Vinci Code, you will probably enjoy this; if not, don't bother.
 I loved the previous 4 books from Dan Brown, as they had really interesting revelations and fast paced action scenes, cliffhangers and confrontations.<br/><br/>Lost Symbol however feels like religious propaganda boringly distributed by two top scientists who take two to four chapters to decipher an absolutely obvious clue, which leaves us with the feeling that Dan Brown doesn't care if the main characters look absolutely idiotic as long as he can write endless pages of nonsense.<br/><br/>The last four or five chapters I almost entirely skipped, as they became religious babble and noetic propaganda. In case Mr. Brown didn't notice, people bought The Da Vinci Code because it was controversial and the church wanted to excommunicate him. If we wanted religious praising and apologetic ramblings, we would buy something else.<br/><br/>What saves him from just one star is that at least in the first half of the book he kept us googling for paintings and images and discovering some interesting trivia about Washington buildings.
 Having read through the book in a weekend sitting I have to say this can only represent a downward spiral for Dan Brown.<br/><br/>After the popularity of Da Vinci Code it would be hard in fairness to the author to match that book however this is weak in the extreme.  There are several reasons for this the main one being holding the book back for so long (Keeping it under lock and key) Giving a handful of newspapers 50 odd pages to review (As though you could even get a half decent review from that especially considering the book is over 500 pages) Made the reader feel that they were getting a top quality read here.<br/><br/>Unfortunately this is just seen it all before, read it all before and frankly lost interest.  This book, is much less Da Vinci and much more regressing to his previous books where the reader is frankly bored to death with tedious technological ramblings posed as intellectual snobbery.  The book centers around Langdon being summoned to Washington DC at (He assumes) The invitation of an old friend and mentor to give a last minute lecture on his behalf, unbeknown to him he has been summoned on false pretence by a mysterious individual who has in fact kidnapped his old friend and is using him as a bartering tool to convince Langdon to assist him in revealing a lost secret (That coincidental Langdons old friends sister is also working on but by scientific means rather than symbolic/religious and it seems has found the answer)  I wont bother revealing this great "Secret" So I dont spoil what plot there is or amazon delete the review but trust me, you are not missing mutch.<br/><br/>Que the secret society (Illuminati in Angels and Demons Opus Dei in Da Vinci) This time its the Masons (Though the Masons are in fact the good guys here, protecting the worlds secrets from, well the world at large it would seem)  Its almost as if Brown has took his que from the film "National Treasure" We can only assume that its only if you are a Catholic, Jew, Muslim that you are de facto an extremist hell bent on death and destruction if you are a Mason however you are just missunderstood.<br/><br/>Instead of the plump bungling French detective we have a 4"9 Japanese woman who is the head of the CIA (And for some reason has a remarkable degree of ignorance of history but dont worry Langdon helps her out) Bungling police, our usual dastardly villain this time Mal'ak a multi millionaire (Who spent some time in a Turkish jail) with almost super human strength and a taste for tattoos and a spray tan that covers them with remarkable skill (He needs to tell us what brand that is he would make a fortune on most council estates in the UK)  Instead of a villainous monk.  Langdon runs through endless tunnels under the US capital (Same as Angels and Demons in Rome) deciphers puzzles and ancient mysteries, hooks up with his old friends sister, escapes from the police, gets help from a few Mason mates, goes on the run and generally saves the day.<br/><br/>The main problems with the book is its just so damn tedious to read.  It really is like a "Novel for the thick" Brown cant just tell us for example "Langon arrived in DC" oh no, he has to tell us what the flight plan was, what airport, how nice the plane was, what shoes Langdon worn etc.  He bores us to death with detail that just isnt needed (Such as when Mal'ak disables a lock on a door what chemicals he uses, what they do and what PH they are (Seriously Dan do you think we care?)) Or how about his lectures on symbols, what they "Really mean" How "Most people dont know" etc etc...... Take another example when Langdon and female side kick espace on a DC subway.  Brown just cant help himself he cant just say "Landgon got on the next train and headed eat"  Oh no we have to be treated to what train lines exist in DC what colour the lines are, when they were built, what colour dog the builder owned etc etc I mean who cares?<br/><br/>Brown was able to save himself with Da Vinci because most people have some knowledge of the Church or even some interest, most of us know what the holy grail is (Even if its just by watching Monty Python) However endless lectures about masons, science and various religious symbols in Browns usual condescending manner is just frankly boring.  A 500 page book that could quite easily have been 300.<br/><br/>Oh and by the way Dan.  Soganlik is a district of Kartal/Istanbul not just the name of a prison (Do they even have a prison in Soganlik?).  I should know, I used to live there!
 I really enjoyed reading this book. Of the Dan Brown's books I enjoyed Angel and Demons the best, and then this one. I understand a lot of people feel this book not as good or dynamic as Da Vinci's code, but in my opinion it is better. Just open your mind to the reading and stop comparing as you read. Do your retrospective afterwards and feel the energy of the story.
 First all, I enjoyed Dan Brown's previous books tremendously, particularly 'Angels and Demons' and 'The Da Vinci' code. It's said that in his books he takes certain liberties with historical facts -- he got a fair amount of heat for that over the two books named, to the point that people felt they needed to counter it by writing other books explaining the fallacies, especially with regard to information about Jesus, Mary, and the Catholic church. But of course we all realize it's fiction, not fact.<br/><br/>However this book leaves his others behind when it comes to accurate representation of facts, we are into pure fantasy for most of the book. Near the beginning we learn there is scientific research that shows people can influence external objects using only their mind, reinforcing the ideas behind ESP and telekinesis. Of course there is NO such scientific evidence. Later on, a researcher accurately weighs someone as they're dying, and in so doing determines the weight of the "soul" leaving the body. In this case not only is the scientific evidence lacking to support that, the experiment has actually been done, and with exactly the opposite result -- there's no weight change during death. Brown has apparently drunk the Dean Koontz kool-aid and crossed over into accepting the reality of spirits, demons, etc.<br/><br/>The final quarter of the book could be considered a religious tract. Is this book perhaps penance for his previous works? Is Brown trying to appease the church by winning converts for them with this book? Or has he recently had a religious experience or conversion of his own, and is just trying to share the "good news" through his work?<br/><br/>Combine that with "twists" that are telegraphed long in advance and aren't the least surprising (at least to anyone who reads mysteries or Brown's previous books); various new weapon technologies that have been pretty fully explored in other fiction; yet another psycho bad guy that must be stopped at all costs; and cookie-cutter, jack-booted representatives of the government (in this case the CIA). Probably the most interesting aspect of the book is the description of various trivia regarding Washington DC, including its architecture.<br/><br/>If this book existed in isolation, i.e. if it were Brown's first novel, I'd give it an average rating. But it's a disappointment after his previous books, particularly after waiting for it for 6 years.
 Do you know when people ask you what is the best book you've ever read? I always answer 'The Lost Symbol'. Before this book being released, I've read all 4 Brown's preview books and I LIKED THEM (I didn't love, just liked). I'm much more a Child's fan than Brown's. But after reading this book, I've changed my top 1 list. The book is well written, amazing plot, fantastic history. I don't really care if the historical facts are true or not, I just like to enjoy the magic of the thriller. For instance, there is one moment that you just got stunned by the revelation of the main character!<br/><br/>Really good, recommend it!
 The story was enjoyable and showed promise (the Masonic stuff is weird and interesting) but it was signficantly hampered by the continuous hammering away on the "all religions are the same" and "modern science is a pale reflection of ancient wisdom (as are modern religions)" themes.  Honestly, this book reminds me of that happened to Tom Clancy as his later novels turned from tightly wound page turners to platforms for going on and on about his own brand of reactionary idealogy.  This advocacy all happens through the characters.  It kills the story.  The other problem is that if these ideas were truly put forward and the author was forced to support and defend them on their merits, they wouldn't stand up for a minute.  More importantly, no one would bother to read it.  So the author, who can write a great story, has the characters blather on and on about the idealogy and the reader must endure it to get to the story.  That is frustrating.  Seems a bit of a fraud.
 The book is good and engaging. In the beginning you want to know how it ends and will continue to read. However as closer you get to the end you feel you will be letdown. The end is thoroughly disappointing.<br/>There is no secret, no answer, no solution, only a word lost that will solve all problems. It was like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz, when you pull the curtain away it is a disappointment. As is the end of this book.
 I was wary of picking up this book. I loved the Da Vinci Code and I've found that with sequels, while entertaining, don't usually provide the "oomph" of the first book (and I say "first" loosely because I know Angels and Demons preceded Da Vinci but I had read Da Vinci first and then gone back and read Angels and Demons).<br/><br/>That being the case, I was pleasantly surprised when I couldn't put Lost Symbol down! To me the story had much more action, more character development, and more drama than Da Vinci. It also seemed to provide a lot more food for thought than Da Vinci Code did. I was swept up in the thrilling story line and finished the book within 2 days of picking it up!<br/><br/>If you haven't picked up this book yet, please do. You won't regret it! Dan Brown just gets better and better!
 Like many of these reviewers, I am astounded at the lack of editing.  I read to get away from the irritations of life.  I read this book and found my self drifting off to those irritations.  This book would not hold my attention!  I would guess a good 100 pages could have been cut out, which would have made this book less irritating.  I like the storyline, his scientific additions, and familiar  cleverness. I hate his unnecessary wordiness.
 I loved the first two books in the series but this one just didn't do it for me. It didn't hold my interest, what with all the long drawn out philosophical diatribes.
 I was pretty captivated by the story (albeit same formula as his others) until the climax.  I don't understand why the climax was followed by pages and pages of blather.  The characters seemed to carry on as if they had not been traumatized with the threat of death during the last several hours.  I kept reading in hopes of another plot point or twist, but none came.  I think Mr. Brown's a bit self-serving to go on and on.  Ultimately, I would not recommend this book.  I had hoped for something more satisfying through to the end.
 It's not Brown's best work.  I bought this to listen on my commutes to and from work.  In my opinion the writing seems weak.  I had originally bought the book a few years ago.  Now I remember why I stopped reading it.
 Dan Brown's first two books, Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code, are true thrillers. This book fails. The plot starts out with great promise but quickly degenerates into a series of predictable and tiresome sequences. The "bad guy" is a loner and this becomes apparent 1/3 of the way into the book. By then, one quickly realizes that what a single person could do to harm the protagonists is really limited, and so the sense of drama is quickly lost. The whole parallel plot about the CIA's involvement looked promising, but it was so prosaic (they're the good guys, much to my disappointment) that it turned into a huge let down for me. The worst part of the book is the ending. The final 30 or so pages are completely superfluous. By the time I got to the last section, the "bad guy" had died and the drama had ended. Still, the story dragged on, hinting at the revelation of a deep mystery. I felt compelled to plod on, but more I read, angrier I became. It was all religious and philosophical fluff. I felt cheated. The Da Vinci Code was way better. Be warned!
 i had to do a multi genre project for this book n boy was it fun. this book was a dissapointment, to say the least. It had too many similiarities with the da vinci code but the da vinci code was much better. the author kept ending his chapters with cliffhangers just to keep u reading. every chapter would be in the same format - ending in a cliffhanger n then the next chapter would start n it would be on the subplot. then a cliffhanger n back to the main plot on n on n on. also, brown ruined all the tense and action packed moments by adding in dull paragraphs about the many tourist attractions wahshington had to offer. for example, langdon n the heroine (another very smart, scienc-y and beautiful lady) were getting chased by helicopters n they ran into the basement of a college so they wudnt be found, brown paused the action to explain what the college was called, what it used to be called, and what classes r offered there today. he did this multiple times and i wondered weather he was trying to be a tour guide of washington or something - it got really anoyying after a while!
 Sadly disappointed because I normally love Dan Brown. Not only was the book WAY too long, there was no logical flow to the story so was very difficult to follow. Ironically, even with no flow, it was extremely predictable. My advice? Don't waste your time.
 After having read 'the Da Vinci Code', I started reading this book with a lot of expectation.<br/>But almost all parts of the book were very similar to the last book Dan Brown had written.<br/>So I do not expect more interesting books to this author.<br/><br/>First of all, the villain is again a bizarre charactor.<br/>And the development in the case is also so similar that I could easily imagine the next scene.<br/>In 'the Da Vinci Code' Sophie is a kind of woman who seems to bring some love romance.<br/>In this book, Katherine plays a similar role.<br/><br/>But the last part of this book has an unpredictable development.<br/>I can enjoy the last part.<br/><br/>I think of this book as a mystery one.<br/>That's why the too long description about how Langdon thinks of god in the last part is meaningless and boring.<br/><br/>Lastly this book reads very well. I can read through very fast.<br/>So I gave it two stars.
 This book is total rubbish. Since all the content is completely junk science and mumbo jumbo quasi/pseudophilosophy, it could easily be half this length, and still tell a semi engrossing throwaway story.
 I would recommend this for anyone who enjoys a good page turner and/or some historical "fiction" that keeps you wondering. Dan Brown's way in which he set up the suspense made it read just like a movie thriller.  The main character's profession and passion in symbology coupled with the objective to solve a century old puzzle equates to a very entertaining book. Also, the supporting character, noetic scientist, Katherine Solomon, is a great compliment to the race against time thriller.
 This is more of a sequel than previous works. The same symbolism used, the mysterious bad guy, and the lack of character development of all characters involved make me think that this was a novel not from the heart, but for a contract deadline.<br/><br/>It's not a bad book, it's even enjoyable to some extent, but the fact that "intricate" puzzles are solved in the exact same fashion multiple times and the fact that in the last third of the story the author clearly doesn't know how to end it, changing stancepoint on the center question of the story so often it becomes annoying and highly unbelievable, make it less than it could have been.<br/><br/>Mr Brown clearly has done some research, but lacked the imagination to deliver a thrilling suspenseful and immersive story, and instead provided me merely an adeqaute one to read before falling asleep at night.
 I really liked most of this book with the exception of the ending.  All the information about esoteric topics and symbology was truly fascinating.  The action was fun and fast paced.  The author provides several well crafted points of suspense and surprises.  My only complaint is that I felt that the ending is boring and quite a let down.
 I read Da Vinci Code and A&amp;D and couldn't put either of them down. They were very interesting and I kept reading and reading until I was done with both books. With Lost Symbol, however, I have tried TWICE to start reading it, and couldn't get past about 150 pages. The book, while it has somewhat interesting topics such as Masons and Noetic Science, is very slow and, in my opinion, VERY hard to get into. Seem chapters fly by, while others have so much detail that does NOTHING for the story that I just give up and put the book down for another day. I give this book 3 stars because it does have a good story as a base, but it's just very, very boring and hard to get into. Sorry, Dan Brown. Hopefully your new novel "Inferno" will hold my interest for the entire book instead of only 150 pages!!
 This felt like a very cookie cutter book for Dan Brown, like many other reviewers have stated. It was a good book for a weekend away from home though- plenty of twists and turns and cliffhangers to keep a reader entertained during a long car trip, and I love that it was set in Washington DC- it's where I grew up, and it gave me the "warm fuzzies" to see the names of familiar places pop up.
 Claiming that the plot of Michael Brown novel is ridiculous and formulaic is nothing new and has been repeated in the reviews hundred of times for this book and his other (more successful) books. However, this novel is particularly ridiculous and formulaic. The "science" portions of this book are difficult to read, because of how preposterous they are. The format of the novel follows far too closely with Angels &amp; Demons and the DaVInci Code, which I would give 4 stars despite their flaws. Unless you are unwavering fan of Brown, stay away from the Lost Symbol.
 Incredible story with unexpected turns and bizarre twists would not let you put this book down until you read it. Started it and had to finish in a couple of days! The way the characters are presented or weaved into the story line is just amazingly well down. Excellent job by Mr. Brown yet again. Cannot wait for his next novel! I recommend this book without any doubts.
 I like a book that teaches me something. And for that reason, I gave Dan Brown four stars. When I finished the book, I felt that my life had somehow been enriched with all the new knowledge that I acquired. Having said that I would add that Robert Langdon seemed to have become 'dumber' than he was in Angels and Demons and DaVinci Code. Although in the book he is sought after for his knowledge, he repeatedly has, 'no that can't be, oh I guess it is!' moments. The violent scenes appear to be written for a movie. And the end gets very 'preachy'; many pages with paragraphs of dialogue-no action. But I must say, I can't wait to revisit DC with my new perspective. I wonder how many tv specials will focus on all that this book brings to light. Thanks for the enlightening education, Dan Brown.
 It had its moments, and was filled with several fun factoids, but was a little too drawn out.  The antagonist's motives were almost silly and somewhat far fetched.  Formulaic Dan Brown; if this book was his first release it might left a greater impression on me. From the get go, you know Langdon will at some point get to the Washington Monument, and very early on it was easy to catch on about who Mal'ach really was...The threads connecting science and religion were interesting as was some of Langdon's theological introspection.<br/><br/>Like I said before, formulaic Dan Brown, but still a fun read...
 If you're looking for a non-stop page turner then this book is fast-paced and action- packed and will keep you reading. The last few pages are a bit of a drag but nothing to put you off the whole book. The characters are what you would expect from a book in this genre (none too deep, rather clever and suspiciously flawless but reasonably entertaining). Aspects of the plot were cleverly constructed but others ran to disappointing reveals. In summary, mediocre but still better than many of other the books in this genre.
 Before I wrote this review, I looked at the spread of the star ratings over 1200+ reviews written.  Pretty evenly divided amongst all 5 possible ratings.  And that sums up the book.<br/><br/>I gave it a 3 star rating because it's neither terribly good nor terribly bad.  To me, the story didn't move along quick enough and didn't make me want to keep reading.  There was also one 'jump the shark' moment that upset me so much, I put the book down and didn't pick it up again for three days.  Lastly, I think Brown rushed this to print.  It seems to me that he had 75% of the plot ready and then made the last 25% up on the fly.  (Sorry didn't work for me).<br/><br/>But if you enjoyed Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, you will enjoy this book.
 I think the biggest problem with this book for me was that I had really enjoyed the DaVinci code and expected this to be as good. The idea had such potential but the execution was disappointing. Characters sit around and talk endlessly saying the same things over and over when peril is everywhere. The conversations are not realistic with lots of lecturing. And these brilliant minded people are so thick sometimes!
 I will keep it short.  The story is interesting for most of the book, say about 70% of it.  I am not talking about how factually correct things are, just that the flow of the events in the book makes it a good read.  As we get closer to the end this book falls apart a little bit.  Some things appear to be forced to a conclusion vs. offering truly an interesting ending.  Lastly, it also felt like Dan Brown was trying to be nice to the believers and practitioners of Christianity in this book.  The end had way too much debate about the bible, which really felt out of place.
 A good, not great, follow up to The Da Vinci Code.  Well-researched and intricately plotted.  I did figure out something important very early in the book, which was revealed very late in the book.  I don't consider myself necessarily astute at forshadowing and therefore felt a little letdown by this piece of the puzzle Brown attempted to hide.  Still a good read - I had to find out for sure that my guess was correct!  Perhaps it read more easily since I am more familiar with Washington D.C. than I am with Rome or Paris (from the previous two Langdon books).
 Its a struggle to read this book. And Brown should have paid me to have finished it before throwing it away in utter digust.<br/><br/>First of all, this book shows that Brown is actually a terrible writer. He has no sense of subtlety. The amount of times superlatives have been used in this book for literally everything is astounding. The italics drive you nuts too. The constant references to Ancient Mysteries and opposing dark forces makes the whole experience like reading an elementary school fairy tale.<br/><br/>Then comes the atrocious plot. If the stupidity of events does not put you off, the gore will (severed hands  what was the need for that?], dripping blood, drowning in ethanol, screwdrivers through the throat). Everything conveniently changes at the last second. Everything is about to collapse, until suddenly a savior walks in and saves the day. How immature, or rather how convenient. Brown should know that there is a difference between plot twists and a string of convenient happenstances. Even 1990s Bollywood was more believable.<br/><br/>The characters are probably the worst. A villain that is impossibly lucky, and yet motivated by the most non-sensical objective. Langdon comes across as an absolute baffoon, catching everything 30 minutes after the moment had passed. New characters enter with such frequency, you start reading about everyone with complete disinterest. Even those who interest you in the beginning (like the vicious CIA director) suddenly become hollow as you gain with the so-called plot.<br/><br/>And then, if there was a need to hate this book more, the ending was the capstone atop the garbage heap that is this book. Six minutes after the tragedy is over, people are chuckling and laughing and doing tourism as if nothing had happened, despite people missing a hand, having just gotten a second life, having almost bled to death etc.<br/><br/>And yet I have a bad feeling that some crazy studio is thinking about an adapted screenplay, not least b/c its obvious that Brown wrote the book with that ultimate intention. That movie would be like a cartoon.
 I really enjoyed Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, but I should have learned my lesson after reading Digital Fortress.  The former books had me intrigued with all the interesting facts that seemed to be delivered by what I assumed was an expert in the field.  I've since realised that that assumption was made because, not being an expert in the bible or conspiracy theories, I had no frame of reference.<br/><br/>However, I am an IT expert and, after choking down all the IT references in this book and DF that were nothing short of embarrassing, I recognise that Brown's use of 'facts' from other fields are probably just as poorly implemented.<br/><br/>Along with the literary problems already detailed by other reviewers here, this book is nothing short of terrible!
 I would have enjoyed it more if it hadn't gotten "so deep in the weeds" about the Masons.
 Amazing read. Definitely pulls together the series. Didn't realize all the amazing things to see right here in the US
 Current favorite in the series but I haven't read Origin yet.
 I don't think anyone reads Dan Brown for his literary genius...He's an average writer who has had some great plot ideas in the past.  Unfortunately, it appears that Brown is trying too hard in Symbol to retain his past praise.  It's formulaic and predictable given his past works.  That being said, it is an enticing concept (though a little played out if you've seen any National Treasures).  I believe Da Vinci Code fans will love it (fighting the image of Tom Hanks aside) because The Lost Symbol delivers just what one should expect from Brown's other works...mediocre writing and sensationalistic plots that amount to a page turner...sort of like ordering an appetizer for a meal.
 I listened to the audio book.  It was long, long book. I liked the idea of the race against time.  I liked the villain of the story. Lots of good clues and links to clues moving forward. The problem was the ending.  Not enough at risk.  Even at the end it seemed to go on and on with opinions on science vs. religion kind of forgetting all about the villain.  For a writer who produced very good other books, this one was a big let down.  Can't recommend reading it, and would not go see it if they made a movie out of it. I think I'd be snoozing in the theater.
 This book is disappointing at best. If you've read The DaVinci Code or Angels and Demons, look for the same plot line. All the books start out with something dead on the floor (a body or hand) that point to something that only our distinguished hero can decipher. There is absolutely no love interest between the hero and heroine and other than mutual admiration for their intellect, the chemistry falls flat. The villans are either albinos (DaVinci Code) or tatooed men (Lost Symbol) and the cast of other characters read from something out of a side show at the circus.<br/><br/>After all the hype--joining Dan Brown's fan club on Facebook with fantastic ciphers (thanks guys!), reading all the pre-sale articles and waiting for September 15 to come around, I was let down. Granted, it was a quick read (6 hours is about right), and one chapter lead to the next (couldn't put it down), I really was hoping for a better ending.<br/><br/>The DaVinci Code started me on a 3-year journey and quest for TRUTH. But this book was NOT the answer I was looking for. Maybe having more questions and wanting to search for more information is really what this book does in the end.<br/><br/>If you've never read Dan Brown, this book is good. If you have read him, read this anyway and judge for yourself.<br/><br/>The Truth Lies Within Each of Us.
 Intriguing plot carried forward in an interesting and informative manner. Dan Brown's writing always adds a lot of religious history and alternative meaning to the religious status quo.
 There are some very long reviews here, but I will try to keep this simple.  The premise of the book is based on a very New Age Philosophy that the reader and main character have trouble believing.  The story relies on too many coincidences and "Oh I just realized/remembered" to be believable.  One of the major plot points is based on a character not sharing information until late in the book that they very easily could have shared at the beginning and had no reason not to.<br/><br/>Ultimately this reads more like National Treasure than The Da Vinci Code except without the humor.
 HAve to say, not a big Dan Brown fan but I did enjoy this book. The minute I picked it up, couldnt put it down. I liked the Villain Mal'akh and found him uber creepy. Was a bit let down with the Secret Ancient mystery at the end. Totally killed the whole buildup for me, but I liked the message of what Brown was conveying as surprisingly, I was reading other books related to the same material discussed by Brown and hence found the book enjoyable.<br/>Would definitely recommend it to others. Love the way Dan Brown always explains the symbolism behind things we so take for granted which are set in our plain view. Love to see this into a movie.
 OH please. Dan brown needs to switch it up. The davinci code was ok, angels and demons was repetitive, and this is plain gross. SAME topics, SAME character stereotypes, SAME villains. Please, i'm just a young adult and this is offensive. The language and phrasing is painfully similar to the Davinci code and Angels and Demons. The race across some large area was mildly exciting in DaVinci code, but now it's just old. Mr. Brown needs to come up with some more material. Also, the product placements are disgusting. Please, no. This isn't even literature.
 Not to rehash what others have said, but in a nutshell, the big secret isn't a secret at all. Langdon goes through all these efforts to decipher a legendary, mythical pyramid and it points to ... an everyday object. It's like Brown had a good idea (sort of) for a new symbologist book, but nothing in mind for the end. When he got there, he just threw something in that sort of fit with what he'd already written. Without totally spoiling the book, the end is a dramatic letdown, and a waste of time.
 I eagerly awaited the arrival of my copy of "The Lost Symbol" and quickly finished the book I had been reading, in anticipation of a great story. Unfortunately, I am left feeling as though I'm done with Dan Brown books, for good. "Da Vinci Code" was my first Dan Brown book &amp; also my favorite. "Angels and Demons" was a good read, but I was slightly disappointed in the monotony of the formula. It was flat out tiresome by the time I finished with "The Lost Symbol".<br/><br/>Several other reviews discuss the disappointment with the end of the book in some detail... and I fully agree with most assessments &amp; won't repeat the analysis here. Of course, there is a sect of the population that will fall in love with this book BECAUSE of the ending. IMO, the entire premise of this book is a slick attempt by Dan Brown to extend his reach to the audience that had previously opposed his novels. This drastic shift in audience is likely to create even more controversy, publicity &amp; ultimately- more sales.<br/><br/>The 2 star rating (as opposed to 1) was given because the book is a "page-turner". Although toward the end, the motivation for my page-turning was to bring the misery to an end, and a not reflection of a thrilling plot.
 This is a typical Dan Brown novel. I think he does well with his research and certainly keeps the adventure going. I think he ran the ending a little long and I had figured out the twist before I was halfway finished. I enjoy his books, but know that I am reading them for fun. There is certainly some information that I may further research out of interest, but again this won't become a "classic".
 Never put this one down.  Very entertaining and he stays true to his format of a quick read, and a guilty pleasure.  Not meant to be a heady, Faulkner type novel.  Certainly doesn't bring out shades of David Foster Wallace.  It is what it is.  Entertainment, and well crafter story momentum.  Look forward to Inferno which comes out May 14th.
 This book 10 years ago would have been pretty good.<br/><br/>Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons had a certain X-factor about them the same way The Sixth Sense did. They spoke to something that most people found very interesting. This book falls flat. It feels like a re-tread of his first two average works with nothing interesting thrown in. There were no original or often overlooked concepts that challenged your pre-conceived notions about anything. Considering he took 4 years to write this and it came out after National Treasure... well let me say I think most people, myself included, had higher hopes.<br/><br/>Maybe he had to re-tool it to be different than the movie National Treasure and that lead to delay and some unbelievable plot resolutions?<br/><br/>For me the set up just doesn't make any sense. Why anyone would keep THAT particular secret so hidden, set up that many riddles, , under so many levels of intrigue with such elaborate codes, for that 'treasure' is beyond my ability to suspend belief while reading a fictional book. It just wasn't plausible for me. Nor was the bad guy. It was predictable and impossible all at the same time. Not only that, but I would guess most people knew where it was hidden almost from the get go.<br/><br/>Lastly, there was too much 'I'm an expert and I'm going to give a pointless monologue to show off how much I know  read: research the author did] about this topic...'<br/><br/>To sum up: had this been Dan Browns first work it would show great potential. Had it come out 10 years ago when some of these concepts weren't quite as main stream, and before Freemasons became so popular it would have been intriguing and maybe original. In light of all that, and as his 5th book, an that most people reading it probably watched National Treasure and have read other Mason-lore books, and having taken 4 years to write it was a major let down.
 While Dan Brown's first three books I read were incredibly engaging for me, this one left me feeling a little bit like watching great previews and then being disappointed when I saw the movie.<br/>It felt too much like National Treasure. The facts are intriguing and enjoyable to read about, but when I was reading it, it felt like Brown was reaching for a story to sell, instead of writing a great story that would sell anyway.<br/>Maybe he's writing movie scripts now instead of novels. There just wasn't the character development and great plot line that the other books had. This is definately a book that didn't live up to the hype. It's better bought in the sale section after a nice discount.
 It was a good read but I had a couple or issues with it (a) it started much more slowly than the previous Robert Langdon novels (_Angels &amp; Demons_ and _The DaVinci Code_)... the pace didn't really feel right until chapter 70! and (b) the big reveal about the bad guy was disappointing since I'd been predicting it for the entire book, instead of being an "oh wow" moment it was more of an "thanks for finally saying it now lets get on with it... now there was an unexpected twist shortly after that reveal but the anti-climatic feel of the reveal never really went away.
 The book definitely meets expectations.  I haven't read a book so fast since the Da Vinci Code.  Just like in the Code, Brown manages to make a book that is both informative and a page turner.<br/>Both my wife and I are now looking forward to visiting Washington, even more so than we wished to see the European landmarks after reading the Code.<br/>If you liked the Da Vinci Code, liked Brown's writing style, and have an interest in spiritual origins of America and Freemasonry, you will probably not be disappointed in this book.
 It's not a perfect book, and I agree with the reviewer that said some of the dialogue was forced and seemed unecessary, but this one was a winner for me.<br/><br/>I can excuse (what I see) as minor missteps in writing because despite that it's a great story, filled with interesting material and engaging characters, and it left me feeling satisfied that it had been a well-spent three hours.
 If you read the DaVinci Code and if you enjoyed it, then you'll probably enjoy the Lost Symbol.  It is not literature, but then how much of popular fiction is?  Dan Brown is not a solid writer from a technical point of view, at least I don't believe he is, but then how many novels have I published?  Zilch!  But I do recognize good storytelling and that is where Dan Brown's talent lies.  Even Angel and Demons was a great story, though I get bored with his anti-Catholic point of view.  That being said, The Lost Symbol is a great story.<br/><br/>Shifting from Rome to Washington D. C. Robert Langdon is on a quest to discover a hidden pyramid in the nation's capitol.  The idea that there is a secret link to Free Masonry given that so many of our founders were themselves Masons, is the bedrock on which the story is based.  With apparent Masonic symbols everywhere and with even the grid of the city forming Masonic symbols you can see how much fodder Dan Brown has.  This is not new material.  There has been at least one program of the television exploring this idea (TLC or the History Channel).<br/><br/>Like another reviewer I have a credibility problem with a Harvard Professor engaged in some of the stunts Dr. Langdon is called upon to undergo.  I'm not sure I can continue to suspend believability that much. After a few chapters I also saw the similarity in the story to National Treasure.  I have to believe that this is a coincidence since all of Browns recent books are stamped with a similar imprint.  If anything, it is National Treasure cashing in on the DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>The secret to Brown's success in The Lost Symbol is the twisty, turny way he spins his tale.  There's always something out there that is needed to solve the puzzle.  If it's not a symbol on a building, it is a person who holds some information that is needed.  These devices get old after a while, but they do string the reader along.  Eventually, you find yourself at the end of the story having followed the storyteller through the maze.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is not classic literature but it is a good dose of modern storytelling.  You could do worse in picking a book to read.<br/><br/>I recommend.<br/><br/>Peace to all.
 So...after 2 other completely other out of the realm of normal experiences, Robert Landon still can't believe that there is some mysterious secret being protected by an age old secret society?  Really Robert?<br/><br/>While there is some interesting information in this book about Freemasonry and historic symbolism, the writing itself is formulaic and unnecessarily over-dramatic.  Every other chapter ends with someone's terrifying interior revelation spelled out for you in italics.  Each piece of new information is started in one chapter, then not revealed until the next.<br/><br/>While I don't expect these types of books to be high-brow literature, a little finesse would not hurt and a few less cheesy "revelations" would certainly help.<br/><br/>And as for the most horrible secret video that if revealed would be a threat to the security of the entire world - are you kidding me?  After reading about all of the ridiculous things that public figures do every day and more or less get away with, as well as knowing what goes on in every fraternity / sorority initiation in the country, does anyone really believe that seeing our politicians enacting some silly old rituals would create chaos in the world?<br/><br/>Lame.
 The story and facts presented here are intriguing however, I was wanting it to end and that told me it was overly wordy.  Sometimes I felt preached at yet the overall ideas and concepts were enlightening. Will never go to D.C. Again without thinking of all that I am Not seeing
 The Lost Symbol, sadly, is a perfect example of a book written specifically to be turned into a movie--one that would more aptly star Bruce Willis than Tom Hanks, I might add.  While I'm sure the overabundance of explosions, hi-tech military equipment, and archetypal good guy/bad guy types exchanging uninspired, cliched dialogue will make the transformation from book to movie very simple, they don't make for a very good novel. The writing is only ever so-so and the seamless integration of plot, history, and theory that successfully powered Angels and Demons and The DaVinci code is gone.  Instead, the lengthy symbology explanations in The Lost Symbol are disruptive and often unnecessary, creating an unsettling and somewhat grating stop-start effect that constantly interrupts the story, slows the pace, and frustrates the reader.  Also missing is any cleverness or character development.  Although I was never fully able to determine if this book is just not as smart as some of Brown's previous endeavors or if his formulaic writing leaves an imprint so predictable that readers are easily able to tap into its patterns, I found myself breaking codes and picking up on plot twists several chapters before the book's hero Professor Langdon, which detracted quite a bit from the overall believability of the premise.  After three books, I also would like to see Langdon's character a bit more evolved. For someone so stuck on patterns and consistencies, he seems fairly blind to his own: gets summoned to famed historical location usually heavily populated by tourists, finds obscure clue in the midst of mayhem, meets spunky, intelligent woman who becomes side kick, gets chased from one famous landmark to the other in pursuit of answers he claims he doesn't know, realizes he does know the answers, uses answers to prevent super bad guy(s) (usually motivated somehow by religious misconceptions)from changing the world for the worse, everybody lives happily ever after...until the next book, in which the exact same plot ensues. I don't seek a drastic a change.  I just want Langdon to acknowledge that he's been in this pickle before, demonstrate that he's learned something from it, and, for crying out loud, be a whole lot more guarded and a lot less trusting after after so many close calls.  He always acts surprised at his own involvement and even more surprised at the epiphany that ultimately makes it all come together, allowing him to unveil the culprit. That works for the first novel, maybe even the second, but it's starting to seem like tired shtick by the third.  It's like like Clue meets Groundhog Day and at some point in The Lost Symbol--I predict around Chapter 60--readers will realize they've already read this story. It just had a different title.  From there, any sort of engagement in reading will almost certainly erode into a 200 page wait for the ending they already know is coming.
 Sadly, this book may mean that Dan Brown is a one trick pony.  Yes, it is his third major book, his third best seller but in all reality his first full novels Angels and Demons and The DaVinci Code are but one book.  Angles and Demons was the birth of an idea and The Da Vinci Code the polished refinement of but one theme.<br/><br/>So The Lost Symbol is arguably his true second main stream work and it is one riddled with weakness.  Robert Langdon has become a shadow of the bright Harvard educator we had glimpsed in his the former stories.  In the moment of his most telling test Mr. Brown turns Robert Langdon into the weakest of protagonists and at the same time makes the man tempered in the fire of anti-matter and whose intelligence was tested under the highest levels of duress...  a fool.<br/><br/>During Mr. Langdon's test of character he had control over his own fate and he failed himself and poor Ms. Solomon by giving away the very secret that would have saved them.  Iron willed silence it the face of his own death coupled to the wisdom that his silence would force his captor to save the life of the one man who could solve the riddle is what we expect from the brave and bright Mr. Langdon.  Instead we are introduced to a coward without intelligence.  He is not the figure whose persona has been fired by the deeds from the other stories.  This Robert held the winning hand and folded under pressure while knowing his weak subjugation would surly lead to his death.  In this fight or flight situation he could not flee, he decided not to fight and instead meekly surrendered his only weapon, "silence" and his life.  He did this under the same pressures he had already faced and overcame in Italy, France and Great Britain...  So the question becomes who is this Robert Langdon and why does he lack the backbone he displayed in Angels and Demons or The DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>Between this unrecognizable Robert Langdon and the other weak scenarios in this novel poor Dan Brown comes across as a lost novelist forced to fulfill his contracts with a story so poorly done that I'm sure he can not be proud of its writing.<br/><br/>Oh yes, if your foolish enough to buy and read this work reflect on this one thought...<br/>THE STORY ENDS OH SO MANY PAGES BEFORE THE BOOK DOES.<br/><br/>You'll understand this if you read it...  Dan Brown tends to run on and on, long after the story is over!
 I've just finished reading this, and as with The DaVinci Code, I didn't want it to end! I thought it was extremely thought-provoking, it sparked my interest in noetic science and the Masons, and it made me eager to take a trip to Washington, D.C. and wander about with this book in hand. It was a great read. I don't know why others are so negative about it. I thoroughly enjoyed it. What sets Dan Brown's novels apart from others is his meticulous and thorough research. To me, that is the mark of a great writer. If I could, I would give it more than 5 stars!
 I bought it, started reading it, and couldn't put it down until 4:30 this morning.  For my 8:00AM English literature class, I went into non-stop praise mode.  This is the best of all Dan's novels so far.  It is in high epistemology mode all the way through and his character Langdon is the perfect foil for the novelist to teach people what words actually mean, what actions happen when a reaction is triggered (and not vice versa), and what some organizations are really all about. If my father, a 33degree Mason were alive to read this, he would not be happy because just a few too many things are revealed that are best left "unrevealed" about the Lodge.  But overall, a fast paced, thinking person's novel...and Dan has made a whole new set of fans with this novel, and a whole new set of enemies since the CIA and the NSA are not fans of authors who release codes, code breaking, and reveal organizations within secret organizations. For all of Dan's critics out there, try to remember, this is a novel meant to not only entertain (the movie will be unreal!), but to give knowledge a full-fledged workout for the populace.
 I must say I agree with some people here. While the lost symbol is interesting, it is long winding and leaves you with a definite feeling of anti-climax. While I was prepared for the book to be a bit redundant at times (his books always are), this book had way too many pages to process. Does anyone else think all his books featuring Robert Langdon essentially have the same storyline? Robert Langdon gets caught up in something and has to crack some kind of code from centuries ago while being coerced by an perverted, sick lunatic.<br/><br/>I liked parts of the book, especially about arcane symbols, codes and centuries-old plots. But couldn't it be set against a different backdrop? He knows his Art and Architecture, but the science part can get a little fuzzy.<br/><br/>All in all, definitely not worth the money spent...but is a nice one-time read.
 I never write reviews for anything, but I think people should know to avoid this poorly conceived, inconsistent, and plain terrible novel.  Dan Brown has some good books.  This is not one.  Avoid at all costs.  No editor even looked at this work.  They obviously said 'its Dan Brown, who cares what he wrote!'  Among the hundreds of reasons this book reeks are annoying little things such as:  the narrator going out of the way to insist than NO ONE has ever been in a lab, but somehow faith healers were scanned in the lab, presumably healing people?  That seems like more than 3 people...<br/>Anyway...I am SO relieved to have finished this so I don't have to dread getting in my car to hear this rambling insanity any longer.
 I enjoy reading Dan Brown Novels. So far I've read all novels. I just bought The Origin novel and I'm beginning to get into the story. It's hard to stop reading, but the grandson needs my attention.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Maui-H-S/dp/1435708369/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Maui H.S.</a>The Lost Symbol is all right, but I don't think Dan Brown is such a great author.  His plots move, but this book is a mirror plot of Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons.  Even the characters are mirrored.  A beautiful brilliant female scientist, a tattoed demon instead of an albino, running around a city, DC instead of Rome, and the mirrors go on.  Repetitive phrase to the point of irritating, and flat characters with dull dialogue.  The ending is weak and that is kind.  The ending is boring and nearly stupid.
 Due to many things going on in life, I had not been able to  begin "The Lost Symbol" until about a week ago.  I was looking forward to a fun, intriguing read like I had experienced with both "DaVinci" and "Angels", both books that I thoroughly enjoyed.<br/><br/>However, I was tremendously disappointed in "Symbol".  By the time I reached page 20, I could already tell you the entire storyline, complete with twists and locations.  Brown was simply rehashing old story lines with different characters and different locations.  While "DaVinci" and "Angels" had you guessing, the story of "Symbol" was easier to see than a 500 pound man in a glaring orange vest in the middle of an LA freeway!  Brown writes in a very readable style and that is a credit to him.  However, if he wishes to continue to engage his readers, he will need to find new storylines and twists that he hasn't used before.  And, for the record, I certainly hope he does.
 The National Security threat is such a joke.  The whole novel people such as the CIA director and the Architect can't believe what will happen if Mal'akh succeeds in his plans and then you get to the end and, I don't know if I speak for everyone, but I was like "Really?"  The couple twists in the plot were average at best.  The very ending of the book didn't wrap anything up.  The Noetics science had no real coherency with the book.  This book was too concentrated on every single mundane detail about everything that it took away from the story altogether.  Don't feed me details that give nothing to the story.  I waited 5 years for this book to come out and I'm highly disappointed.  The only thing that is worse then this book is when Ron Howard gets his hands on it and screws it up even more while making it into a movie.
 Let's be clear about this book.  It's science fiction just like Digital Fortress and Deception point.  It is not just a work of fiction! Noetics is NOT science.  They have no published results in any peer-reviewed scientific journal.  There was very little about computers or cryptography that was even remotely correct in digital fortress.  Advice to the Authjor:  DO A LITTLE RESEARCH.  It won't kill you!  People like to use the word science without understanding what science is.  This reminds me of the Intelligent Design crowd trying to publish non-scientific papers in peer-reviewed scientific journals and name-dropping the word science just to confuse everyone and maybe get prayer and creationism back in schools.  People like Ben<br/>Stein!  I'm tired of non-scientific people thinking that Dr Frankenstein at the controls of some dorky contraption means science.  As a mathematician and formerly an engineer I think I understand the definition of the word science.  Funny how people enjoy the technology, the drugs, and medicine but still believe in all the hocus pocus.  Enough said about that.<br/><br/>This book is terrible and almost unreadable.  I put it down twice and then decided to give up the third time when Peter killed his son.  It was at this point that I realize the book was probably over.  Dan Brown is not a great writer.  Good maybe but not great.  I can't believe they published the book.  I guess it does not take much to entertain the American brain these days.<br/><br/>Having said all this, I will say I did enjoy the Da Vinci code as a work of fiction.  Although it is similar in style to the other books it is about more artist and historical aspects of our world.  Since I reject the Bible as a literal book about a real god I had no problem with his conclusions.  However, it is not one of the better books I have read over the years.
 While it was just barely an OK read I felt disappointed. Once I found out what they were looking for I knew exactly where they were going to end up. Then the book became just a question "how are they going to get there?" I could not believe that Langdon could not guess it right away. Also, the italic inner thoughts were annoying and the final chapter almost made me put the book down unfinished...
 CONTAINS SPOILERS<br/><br/>**********<br/><br/>I was a huge fan of Angels and Demons and thought The Da Vinci Code was pretty good, so I was really excited for this book. I never should have opened it.<br/><br/>Dan Brown spends 400 pages building up to this special thing and it's...The Bible. That's it. The Bible. I mean REALLY?! The murderer is caught and there is like...50 pages of him preaching about how we need to look deeper into THE BIBLE? I was so pissed. The twists were ridiculous. The drowning thing was a JOKE. I was so disappointed. I never start these novels thinking I'm going to read remarkable writing, but I do expect a good plot. This one was just too jumbled and had way too much going on. Also...I agree with another reviewer. He stole Sato from The Incredibles.<br/><br/>A very sad showing from Mr. Brown. I don't think I'll be reading one of his books again.
 Fast paced action from the start. Did not expect the conclusion. Many interesting facts about Washington DC. Last 10 chapters would not get me exited about reading another Dan Brown book
 The Lost Symbol is like a summer blockbuster movie...don't take it too seriously, and you'll have a good time reading it.  Yes, the writing is poor at times, and the main character Langdon goes from being the smartest guy in the room to completely clueless too many times to count.  I found the "national security crisis" that required the involvement of the CIA to be laughable...and unnecessary.  I can tell that Brown is trying very hard to be a serious writer, but his tendency to lecture to his audience is one of his great weaknesses.  Read this for fun, read this for pleasure, but don't expect much more than cheap entertainment.
 The Lost Symbol is definitely a Dan Brown book.  It breaks everything into short chapters that constantly switch scenes, has a plot twist, and has its archetypal super-nasty bad guy.  It uses action at a frenetic pace to cover any weakness in facts or plot (like Star Wars).  This is what one expects from Brown, and he doesn't fail us in this book if that's why you read his novels.  As usual, he goes way out on a limb with some of the information he presents, but this time around, the limb breaks.<br/><br/>Except for the villain, the characters in the book are suffering from some brain-crippling disease.  This makes them easy pickings for the puppet-master, who knows just how to play them until the plot twist, when he also succumbs to the same brain freeze as everyone else.  I hoped for better, but I'll accept what I got.<br/><br/>Rather than trying to describe what I thought was wrong, I'll let the book speak for itself.  All bracketed entries are mine, either to put the quote in context or to make some snide remark.  The first quote, I liked, but after that, they go downhill rapidly.<br/><br/>p10:  I am a masterpiece.   Mal'akh is indeed a piece of work.]<br/><br/>p34:  The truth was that Katherine was doing science so advanced  Noetic Science - more advanced than Creation Science or even Homeopathic Science] that it no longer even resembled science.   The resemblance is indeed faint.]<br/><br/>p148:  An unusual, fetid odor wafted out of the darkness.   Elemental sulfur smells fetid?]<br/><br/>p152:  Ethanol fumes wafted out as she reached down into the  specimen preservation] tank and flipped a switch just above the liquid line.   It must be a special switch not to ignite the fumes.  (Ethanol fumes burn violently with just a spark.)]<br/><br/>p182:  Seventy-five feet overhead, stained-glass skylights glistened between paneled beams adorned with rare "aluminum leaf" - a metal that was considered more precious than gold at one time.   The Library of Congress (Thomas Jefferson building) was completed in 1897, when Alcoa was producing cheap aluminum using the Hall-Héroult process - far less than the price of silver and nowhere near the price of gold.]<br/><br/>p185:  The security guard was on his way, and for some unknown reason, her attacker smelled strongly of ethanol.   Ethanol smells vaguely sweet (if you can smell it at all); water has a much stronger smell.  Any other odors come from contaminants.]<br/><br/>p200:  Normally, a two-inch-tall object would not be an issue of national security unless it was made of enriched plutonium.   Who isotopically enriches plutonium?  It's useful because it's already enriched when it's created.]<br/><br/>p208:  Katherine's work here had begun using modern science to answer ancient philosophical questions.  Does anyone hear our prayers?  Is there Life after death?  Do humans have souls?   Does this have anything to do with science?]<br/><br/>p209:  Mal'akh hurried now into the lab and retrieved the Pyrex jug of Bunsen-burner fuel - a viscous, highly flammable, yet noncombustible oil.   Will fuel oil also work with a Meker-Fischer burner?  How do you convert it from using natural gas?  And do they use Pyrex because they heat the jug rapidly?]<br/><br/>p268:  He felt pure again, having washed off the last remaining scent of ethanol.   He probably thought that smelling sweet clashed with his personality.]<br/><br/>p313:  Science and mysticism are very closely related, distinguishable only by their approaches.  They have identical goals...but different methods.   PZ Myers needs to be notified.]<br/><br/>p335:  Different substances incandesce at different temperatures.  ... Think of a mood ring.  Just put it on your finger, and it changes color from body heat.   This is incandescence?]<br/><br/>p335:  The early alchemists used organic phosphors all the time as thermal markers.   Because they incandesce so readily?]<br/><br/>p392:  Noetic Science clearly suggested that thoughts had mass, and so it stood to reason, then, that the human soul might therefore also have mass.   Of course!]<br/><br/>p495:  The results were conclusive and irrefutable, with the potential to transform skeptics into believers and affect global consciousness on a massive scale.   ...and any concerns about her methods would evaporate.]<br/><br/>p498:  Katherine was apparently familiar with the  Capitol] dome's startling acoustical properties...because the wall whispered back.   The focal points of a sphere are at its edge?]<br/><br/>p498:  The science of Noetics may be new, but it's actually the oldest science on earth - the study of human thought.  ..."And we're learning that the ancients actually understood thought more profoundly than we do today."<br/><br/>p499:  "Your brother tried to convince me that the Bible is encoded with scientific information."  "It certainly is," she said...   Anyone who has seen the movie Time Changer already knows that "the only science worth knowing is in the Bible".  After all, the Bible has all the details for building a time machine.]<br/><br/>p499 - p500:  The human brain, in advanced states of focus, will physically create a waxlike substance from the pineal gland.  This brain secretion is unlike anything else in the body.  It has an incredible healing effect, can literally regenerate cells, and may be one of the reasons yogis live so long.  This is real science.   How do you recognize fake science?  Ask a fakir?]<br/><br/>p500:  The Bible, like many ancient texts, is a detailed exposition of the most sophisticated machine ever created...the human mind.<br/><br/>p500:  Within a matter of years, modern man will be forced to accept what is now unthinkable:  our minds can generate energy capable of transforming physical matter.   Better than a philosopher's stone.]<br/><br/>p501:  God is very real - a mental energy that pervades everything.  And we, as human beings, have been created in that image .]
 I don't think many expect a literary classic when cracking open a Dan Brown novel. What I think is fair to expect is a thrilling story with a fantastic ending. I've read all of Dan Brown's books with Deception Point being my favorite, actually...and The Lost Symbol is the worst of them all.<br/><br/>There are so many places I could start...the predictable characters, the plot twists you see coming, the irrationality of his characters...but the ending was just, just terrible. I continued to read because I continued to hold out hope that Brown was going to FINALLY unleash his big surprise, the reason that he took me through almost 600 pages of mediocre plot to get to that big "oh my God" moment like in his previous novels. It never came.<br/><br/>I can't understand what Brown was doing in the years between the DVC and now. Through his meticulous research did he forget that the story was supposed to have a point? Also, why in the world is Robert Langdon suddenly and so frustratingly stupid? I would think, that after his heavily referenced "adventures" in DVC and A&amp;D that he would be more open to things like the Ancient Mysteries.<br/><br/>I can't fully convey my disappointment with this book. It was utterly a waste of my life. The plot started mediocre at best, but then crashed and burned at the end. Save yourself the time and leave this one on the shelf.
 All of Dan Brown's books are amazing. But this book ranked first in my database of at least A Thousand books. Dan Brown has spun an intricate tapestry of the Freemasons. The amazing thing is that Dan Brown has used truth, but also strayed from the truth while making a completely believable tale. Katherine's work made me want to try it out myself. I found myself longing to become a Mason. His story is completely believable. Maybe he is right about us being God ourselves and that we are creators. I, myself am a very scientific person, an Athiest. I believe that religion is just a way for people to get away from all of the bad stuff. Even so, all of a sudden, I found myself wondering and believing that this type of thing, however unfathomable may be true. Dan Brown is my favorite author, for he makes me think hwile entertaining me with a somewhat true story about things that people have been pondering for years; things that scholars never figure out.
 Not bad some factual problems but entertaining. Standard fare for Brown and his other works. Though the first in the series was the best by far. The glaring issue with this one for me was when the CIA agent identified herself why didn't Langdon say "Hey, the CIA is forbidden by law to operate on US soil" and you can't get more US soil than the capitol. That so early in the beginning of the book along with some other strange occurrences rather impossible scenarios make the whole book weaker. Id expect Brown's writing to get better as he went not worsen.
 I was so disappointed.  The ending was weak and drawn out.  The plot didn't get any love, tender or care.  Everything was predictable.  I miss the mystery.  He kept telling us the other point of view early unlike his previous books.  This book felt like it was produced as a cash cow.  I would like a redo and a better ending.  National Treasure was so much better than this book.
 I feel pretty much the same way I felt after reading DaVinci Code.  What FASCINATING ideas he come up with; I really enjoyed studying the paintings he described for instance.  Unfortunately, the novel itself was sub-John Grisham.  2 dimenional characters, silly plot twists, etc.<br/><br/>I would love to read a Dan Brown non-fiction book that would study further all the claims and conspiracies he mentions in his books.<br/><br/>Those are fascinating; his writing is sub-average.
 I found this book to be plodding.  The flash backs were tedious and usually did not help move the story along at all.  And it became preachy in spots. The story itself was ok and had some interesting twists but overall I was disappointed.
 This book is almost as good as inferno. Second best book in the series and in general. Brown again goes beyond what a typical reader thinks would go into a book. He goes beyond thrilling and reading the book almost becomes an addiction. This book is is like being thrown physically thrown into a CIA investigation. Even if you do not know exactly what he is talking about the information is so interesting you want to research further. The only reason why this book is not better then inferno is because of the conclusion. Other than that this book is amazing buy it.
 Just as described.
 Very good book, keeps you in suspense. Makes you think about Christianity.
 This book was alright but to me the pace of book is really slow. It isn't a page turner. Parts of book got quite boring to be honest.
 Is there some stuff that's a bit beyond belief? Sure. But it's still a fun read and I could not put it down; literally, I read it in one very, very, very long sitting which involved going to be at 8:30AM because I COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN! As someone who absolutely loves DC, it made me miss that wonderful city as I read it. Great detail as always! Loved the story too. Like most of Dan Brown's books, I figured out who the "bad guy" was as soon as the character was mentioned but I still enjoyed understanding what motivated the person.
 I couldn't put this book down.  Just when you think you know what's happening, there's another twist.  Great read.  Can't wait for the next book
 The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown is an extraordinary read for young adults who are seeking thriller writing with a twisted plot.  There are so many unexpected surprises and revelations within the characters that make this novel such a fantastic read.  It is Brown's best work yet that his fans will absolutely love!<br/><br/>We enter the story witnessing an ancient ritual that a secret spy is undergoing in effort of learning the most vital secret that exists within the brotherhood, or the Masonry.  Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, is then requested to hold an evening lecture at the U.S. Capitol Building where he is forced to uncover ancient mysteries that few know of.  He is immediately plunged into the world of Masonic secrets and hidden history that will ultimately uncover the truth that so many have died protecting to keep secret.  Dan Brown challenges his readers to a whole new intellectual level with his twisted plot development.  He is the master of intertwining history with fiction; he makes us reevaluate what is real and what is not.  His characterization also deserves applause.  Robert Langdon is the character we know and love from Brown's other novels.  This claustrophobic, intelligent, and genuine character really makes the novel worthwhile - he's that important.  The other characters also play major roles.  Their unique personalities show Brown's range as a writer.  Moreover, the symbolism that he provides is a bit overwhelming but still enlightening once understood, hence the title of the novel.  Readers will find codes within codes within codes that reveal all sorts of fictitious truth.<br/><br/>Needless to say, The Lost Symbol is the best thriller Dan Brown has ever written.  The novel benefits from his skills in developing the former literary elements because they are what make the story complete.  His extraordinary use of plot development, characterization, and symbolism add so much to the story as a whole.  This is why it is a best seller across the nation.
 I have absolutely nothing bad to say about The Lost Symbol. My husband and I LOVED IT! Just my personal opinion, but Brown is one of the greatest writers of our time. I've been hooked on his work from the very beginning. Maybe it's because I don't care about whether or not his information seems legit, but Brown's imagination, the landmarks he associates with that imagination, and the time he takes to put a little history into each and everyone of his works is very much intriguing to me. I simply love a good book, and do not concern myself with the scholarly aspect of the material. Dan Brown (and Langdon) have yet to fail me. Read the book; you won't be disappointed!
 I did not have the opportunity to read "Da Vinci Code", but had watched the movie. I found the movie bland and filled with Hollywood style fluff. None of the information and "secrets"  in the plot was new to me either - that happens when you watch the History Channel enough times ! Thus I decided to read The Lost Symbol as I wanted the perspective from a complete and actual book and not a screenplay. Boy was I disappointed. Firstly - it's hard to read a book and already know which actor will play the role - and thus I had to have a few  hours of Tom Hanks stuck in my head. I felt that the writer was writing the story with the big screen in mind. I could picture this little Japanese woman played by Lucy Liu. I saw Peter Facinelli (spelling?) as his good friend Peter that was kidnapped.<br/><br/>The requisite, intelligent leading lady role was a mild irritation. Her jumps to sudden insight ahead of the lead, Langdon, simply did not make sense where he is supposed to be the super smart historian, symbolist et al.  Each chapter gives the reader a moment where suddenly, an awe inspiring discovery or revelation is made - and you have to read through a couple of pages to find out what that is. And when it is revealed, you are let down as you expected something more earth shattering and mind blowing.<br/><br/>I am not too worried on whether his book is accurate in terms of technology, symbology or history - I am fully aware that it is a work of fiction - however I still felt that some of the things mentioned was unnecessary and I wasn't sure what purpose it served. I was also boggled that the old story on how man once believed the world to be flat - was mentioned over and over as if the reader needed reminding that we shouldn't discount anything as impossible ! I felt that was an insult to our collective intelligence. The ending that was supposed to be the major-what-the-world-has-been-waiting-for "secret" - was again....a major let down. The fact that the secret verbum significatium was "The Word"  - which was from the Bible - as in "And the word was..God". I man really now !! Maybe I'm expecting too much from Dan Brown's readers, fans and new initiates into his work. Maybe I'm  expecting them to be familiar with the ideas that perhaps God does lie within all of us, or we are Gods, or God created us in His image (our minds at least), or that there is only one God, or that We Are All One - hasn't various works of fiction, non-fiction and movies taught many that much. So to have it suddenly be this big secret and then use another old cliche that the Bible contains all we need to know - we just have to look for it - or that there are hidden messages in there etc etc.<br/><br/>The only plausible reason for all that I can come up with - is that Dan Brown is prepping everyone for his next book - something along the lines of the Bible being loaned to him by Peter to be decoded. And we will then have a whole new book that steals much of the body of The Bible Code.<br/><br/>Nevertheless - despite all of the above - what I actually liked about the book  - was that Dan Brown creates a page turner. He has the ability to tease the enquiring minds that still read books - by ending each chapter with a cliff hanger. Regardless of whether he is a skillful writer or not - the fact that I could not put the book down until I had read it completely - bears testament to the fact that he definitely has a latent talent for turning moderately intelligent people into little kids eager to be let in on the secret. Also I enjoyed the tidbits of Masonry. Everything I've ever read or watched paints Masonry in a dark light - this was the first time I have seen it portrayed in a benevolent way - makes me think Dan Brown is a closet Mason - or Rosicrucian at least (not - I have no desire to google whether he is or isn't , just my opinion). I also enjoyed the busting of a few myths I didn't know. As learned and cultured  as I'm sure many readers are - I for one am slightly learned but definitely not cultured, and did not know a few things he mentions in his book such as the work with Noetic Sciences, The Intention Experiment, the whole Mayan 2012 world ending doodads, the existence of the paintings and sculptures he describes.<br/><br/>So - as with any book - I am reviewing it based on whether it was worth my time reading it, and if I gained anything by reading it - whether it's good entertainment value or whether I took anything new away from reading it. It was a moderate in entertainment value - however I am a very curious person so I love myth busting, revelations and learning new information - and that's where I rate it highly.
 After reading five books by Dan Brown, I think I finally have him figured out.  Sure, I might be slower on the uptake than others, but bear with me.  The things he does best is weave, and I use that term lightly, popular culture, high technology, pseudo-science, and mystical esoterica into what one can best describe as a "fictional narrative" but what is, in fact, lecture notes disguised as literature.<br/><br/>The best part of any Dan Brown novel is the interest I, personally, get in hunting down his source work and researching more of the topics and technologies that he puts forth.  My inner-nerd OCD runs overtime the days after finishing one of his books.  So I got that going for me, which is nice.  In his newest work, The Lost Symbol, Dan Brown focuses on the Masonic Order (the Freemasons) rather than the Knights Templar, the Catholic Church, NASA, rouge AI, or sharks with laser beams on their heads (that was in Deception Point, right?); and places the action in the mystically aligned Washington DC.  Seems that hero Robert Langdon was summoned to DC under mysterious pretenses, and so begins the historical trek through the city once known as Rome to its builders.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is filled with little known facts, legendary artifacts, lots of running, a thrill or two, and intellectual jargoning.  If you are into that sort of thing, please, by all means, read this book, and enjoy (despite what you will read, I did enjoy the book on that level).  If you are particularly focused, you could burn through the book in a good six or seven hours.<br/><br/>Thanks to The Lost Symbol, I really want to visit Washington DC again, this time with a better trained eye, and hit up the Smithsonian.  I also have taken a deeper look into Noetic Sciences and ordered a few books.<br/><br/>Now the problem arises though, as I mentioned before, after getting acquainted with the author's writing style and his use of "cheats".  Dan Brown's "narrative" is cognitively disjointed and removed from how people actually are.  The "cheat" here is in the heavy use of intense flashback to fill in the plot.  That is a cheat, only because people in the situations he puts his characters in his book would never be able to, in real life, have intense, detailed flashbacks, in the time frame given.  It just does not happen.  While it serves to fill the reader in on plot details, it "pauses" the action for the reader too unnaturally long.<br/><br/>In The Lost Symbol, an iPhone is mentioned, by name, often enough where the reader begins to think "how much did Apple pay him for this?"<br/><br/>The second cheat Dan Brown uses is his exposition.  The conversation between Langdon and Teabing in Teabing's chateau in the superior Da Vinci Code was chill inducing; not because of the information being presented, but because of the way it was being presented.  Intellectuals might very well argue this way in an environment more conducive to, well, arguing, but if you are 1) on the run from cops and 2) on the run from an albino assassin, one does not stop to explain the entire occult history of the Catholic Church.  But I digress.  Half the conversations in The Lost Symbol would never happen in real life.  Almost all of his "smart" characters are people you never want to invite to parties...sure, they might be good for a different opinion or four, but you would be finishing up a six pack and bowl of pretzels before they took a breath.  A basic conversation would go like this: "So, Robert, what do you think of national health care?" "As we all know, health care originated in Coptic Ethiopia when, considering the root etymological form of "healthcare" is heal which in Greek....blah blah blah". What is truly appalling is that these "conversations" are merely literary sheaths for Dan Brown's library notes.<br/><br/>Finally, Robert Langdon. Many, many authors are guilty of the "Robert Langdon", basing their titular characters on themselves.  I got into Robert Langdon in Angels &amp; Demons (better book than Da Vinci Code or The Lost Symbol).  He kind of lost me though, half way through Da Vinci Code, and in the Lost Symbol, I was done.  Dan Brown is basing this character on himself, supposedly.  Mid 40s, ruggedly good looks, tweed jacket, insufferable genius, in great shape for his age, Harvard professor, played water polo in college.  Yes, that's right, water polo.  I have nothing against water polo, but if you are just going to completely fantasize yourself as an intellectual Indiana Jones why not give yourself ESP and retractable adamantium claws while you are at it.  These know everything and do everything author homunculi are getting long in the tooth. I would not be surprised that in Dan Brown's fourth book in the series, The Bimini Road, Robert Langdon discovers Atlantis due to his sudden ability to breathe underwater and converse in ancient Druidic with a long lost tribe of sea apes.<br/><br/>I just made that last sentence up.
 OK, this review is from someone who's read the entire book! Just finished it today. Four stars in general, with nothing to make it a 5-star, quite a few 3-star situations and a couple 2-star moments.<br/><br/>(OK, you could say the book earns the 5-star rating for simply making the information in this book so widely known and so high profile. Dan Brown's "next book" was going to reach a great number of people regardless, and I can only agree with D.Brown that the topics here are very interesting and well worth writing, well worth comparing or surpassing Da Vinci Code in importance - read the book yourself and you may agree that the topic here IS MORE IMPORTANT, though also quite harmonious, to the topics in Da Vinci Code.)<br/><br/>I thought it was quite an enjoyable and captivating read in general, and the information about the Ancient Mysteries, Freemasons, Washington area history and Katherine's area of research were very interesting. As so many of us are SO familiar with the Da Vinci Code and Angels And Demons, it soon becomes obvious that Dan Brown has perhaps put too much of that same story structure or character type/arrangement in The Lost Symbol. But judging the book on it's own (which was tough in a few places, where I found myself thinking "geez, Brown, are you really doing this, it's so much of a repeat!), I don't think the book suffers from that in any major way.<br/><br/>One fault I spotted and I have the same issue with most movies and books anyway, is that the creation of the "bad" character lacks some believability. In a mystery thriller, obviously that character is going to provide energy that periodically forces the story along, meaning that authors find it too easy to exaggerate the evil characters and keep them superficial comic strip creatures. Well, I found that issue here too. I would have liked the character there to be more of a reflection of social forces, but the reader is set up well to be able to reflect/extrapolate what those social forces might be.<br/><br/>I've read other reviews here and the reviews giving 1-star and 2-star are just silly. Again, Dan Brown is not a great literature writer but his capacity to entertain while revealing the fruits of lots of research into very important subjects and delivering a great mystery thriller are excellent.<br/><br/>I can just imagine Ron Howard, Dan Brown and a few others sitting down over a few dozen rounds of coffee, scotch or orange juice and working out the movie version of this. Long live the top of the Washington Monument!
 I don't know what was more disappointing.  The anticipation that I personally felt for this book and the incredible letdown about 2/3 of the way through, or the evangelicalizing of one Mr. Dan Brown.  Now to be fair it's been a few years since I read the previous 2 Langdon books, but I don't recall this much proselytizing or natutally assumed beliefs in either of them.  For no reason at all Brown has decided to bring Noetic science to the fore-front as a legitimate scientific dicipline.  To call this absured science-fiction would be to insult Star Trek geeks every where.  For crying out loud, one character devices a machine that can weigh the human soul!!  And my personal favorite moment of "I really do believe in god"  is the first hand account we are given of one character being sucked into hell after he dies.<br/><br/>  Please Mr. Hanks and Mr. Howard give this one a wide berth.  Do not taint your good names with this drek.  And as for you Mr. Brown, this book  should not be listed in the thriller section of the book store. It should be on the dusty shelf in the back squeezed inbetween the remaining copies of the Left Behind series and listed under Spiritual Fiction.  Maybe the movie version could even feature Kirk Cameron, I hear he's looking for work.
 There was nothing in this that I did not anticipate way before the storyline was exposed... all the "twists" fell flat and I have to rate this low.<br/><br/>The ending is particularly disappointing in its preachy tone; Brown seems to be building up to his own patentable 'religion' much like the Celestine Prophecy...<br/><br/>But what was most cheesy was the fact that the story mirrors the old Star Wars story of father and son discovering each other in a battle of good vs evil... except this time its the father with the hand cut off... The text even mentions Darth Vader, so perhaps Brown was under its influence in creating this storyline... It's almost plagiarism...<br/><br/>And finally, surely there has to be worse prisons than the ones in Turkey, especially one just outside Istanbul? Cheesy, cliched and unimaginative to the extreme...
 I love this series by Dan Brown. He is a great writer who really brings the worlds of his characters to life.
 I'm glad that I got the book from the library and didn't pay anything to read it. I suggest that others do the same.<br/><br/>While the plot is interesting and I ended up reading the entire book, I was itching to cover the pages with red pencil. It could have been half as long and been much better.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is ideal for something like a long flight, but doesn't measure up to Angels and Demons or The Da Vinci Code.
 Yes, it's a familiar formula for anyone who has read Dan Brown's prior work: solve a mystery under a time crunch; wrap up the story in about 24 hours of "real time"; leave the reader hanging at the end of most chapters; fill in the background with flashbacks or monologues; and have the clues be in symbols. Don't forget the faith/science theme. Still, the book works. Not as literature but as entertainment.<br/><br/>On most levels "The Lost Symbol" is a standard crime/mystery novel plus Masonic symbols. Brown skills as a storyteller, coupled with the now-familiar task of figuring out the symbols, are enough to keep the reader interested. I'm sure some loyal readers will love it and others will absolutely hate it. I can hear them now: "National Treasure has already done DC," "Same book/different city/country/continent," and maybe even "Dan Brown hates football." (Not a spoiler, just a comment as to how far I expect someone to go to be offended by this book.) Color me lukewarm. It's not especially good or bad.
 I have read all the novels of Dan Brown but this!!, this is not DAN Brown. It is not a freaking techno thriller but just a history book. It is just a freaking history book for crying out loud!!<br/><br/>Anyways, here is my observation.<br/><br/>The plot has a truck load of details about Washington's Monuments and Architecture with a really horrible story. The only good twist in the plot is Mak'lah's real identity. Even about that, why would Mak'lah waste so much precious time building his body, getting every inch of his body covered with tattoos and Blah Blah, just to get the pyramid and the BIG SECRET. It was his birthright and his father gave it to him willingly before and would have given it to him again!!<br/><br/>Throughout the book, Dan keeps rephrasing the same sentences over and over again like.." At that moment, it just hit him in the face..." ..."..all this time it was right in front of them..."..and get this, Robert langdon does not solve much of the puzzles here but Dan Brown's Ms.Hero (Katherine Solomon) solves most of the riddles. Robert just plays along like a dumb saying " why didn't i think about that?" He is a professor of symbology and she is just a scientist!!<br/><br/>OHH!! this is the biggest letdown in the plot!!Peter Solomon describes to Robert Langdon that, it is a lost symbol  that which is protected by the masons for many centuries and flip few pages, he says " Haven't you realized yet Robert!! it is a lost word" and flip a few pages he says " Haven't you realized yet Robert!! it's the bible . It's the holy bible for Christ sake!! (which i should say is universally available everywhere and everyplace then why the hell would the Masons want to hide it for centuries!!!). Freemasons hid the universally available Bible for centuries? Mak'lah dies in this novel without knowing that the BIBLE is the big secret. I am saying, he would have killed himself if he knew that the BIBLE is the big secret. He killed his mother and many other lives, tortured animals, took steroids just to get a BIBLE!!  If at all this bible is special, then Dan does not elaborate at all.<br/><br/>Dan describes that this lost word or symbol or "THE BIBLE" to be a powerful weapon of immense power for which mankind is not ready for yet. What the heck dude? The world is not ready for the bible which has been given to us many hundred years back!!! well i have got news for you Dan, everybody has got THE SECRET" in their house!!<br/><br/>I am glad, i didn't buy this book but instead checked it out of the library. I would have been really pissed off. Dan Brown just made a truck load of money by delivering truck load of scrap. Now i have decided to write a novel and i know just the place to start. The public library!!
 This is Dan Brown?  Where is the taught, energizing style? The truly interesting, conflicted characters?<br/>I am not going to be able to finish this book. It is slow, boring, and reads like something that was paid by the word so the author put as many words in as possible.<br/>I bought this book on my belief in Brown's writing ability.  Never again.
 I had this one figured out about one third into the book.  The bad guy way too cartoonish.  At first, the academic stuff is interesting, but then becomes literally a space filler, serving no other purpose than to make the book longer.  A cacophony of conspiracy theories, leading to a "great" mystery, that is, of course, a major letdown.  Traps, hidden meanings and obfuscation that take a serious leap of faith that authorities ignore normal protocols in order to fit lame plot twists.<br/><br/>I really like the Da Vinci Code, and I did like Angels and Demons, up until the part where Langdon jumps from the Helicopter.  This is a stupid book, that may hold some suspense for very gullible people.  I am severely disappointed, and am sorry I wasted the purchase price.  Avoid this at all peril.  If you are unfortunate, and did purchase this, as soon as you figure out the major plot twist (should be in the first third of the book), go look up the plot summary on Wiki, and realize that you are smarter than Dan Brown.  This book insulted my intelligence.
 Another riveting novel mixing reality with fiction.  Brown is a master at uncovering significance to apparently unrelated, random facts.  this is a page turner and I read it very fast, even though I would stop to check on a myriad of obscure facts, that turned out to be corroborated by documented sources.
 Lost Symbol is a real page turner.  The story is well paced although it does get a bit wordy in the middle. Also at times the story gets rather jumbled between past and present. That said, the setting of Washington D.C. is genius. Considering our economic times, what better way to get Americans more interested in the history of their country.  The story ends with our hero Robert Langdon saving the day of course.  However, the readers own interpretation of the story begins the last fifty pages.  The final chapters will provoke deep thought and controversy. But then, that is what has made Dan Brown famous!  A must read for anyone who enjoys a good thriller.
 The story unfolded with a lot of suspense and drama and had a great surprise ending.  Once the hero and heroin were safe and the situation defused, I found it difficult to read the long explanations that Dan Brown worked into the ending.
 I pre-ordered my copy of The Lost Symbol months before the release date (like millions of other fans, I suppose).  I thought I had secured the best deal possible (a whopping 60% off RRP!).  In reality I could have gotten it a day earlier and a dollar cheaper if I had just sauntered over to Target and picked up a copy.  But, let's not split hairs -- a good book is always worth the wait and the extra buck.<br/>However, I guess I was in for more reality shock.  After six years in the making, The Lost Symbol is no better than The Da Vinci Code.  It is a fair companion for the beach or that long plane trip or a few sleepless nights.  There are some unexpected turns and twists and some interesting esoterica to Google later on, if you're into that.  But it is overlong, overwrought and clunky overall.  There are much too much explanations on explanations.  The pattern of dialogue is repetitive to the point of annoying. A bit of spirited and principled editing could have reduced it by a third and not lose the plot.<br/>I don't want to give the impression that The Lost Symbol is terrible -- it is a fairly competent thriller, comparable to The Da Vinci Code.  But, I was expecting more from Dan Brown this time around, unfortunately.
 Plausibility aside, I loved this book for a few simple reasons:<br/><br/>(1) it is a wonderful "guilty pleasure" or great escapism;<br/>(2) it is extremely fast-paced and fun/easy to read;<br/>(3) I found it much more interesting than "DaVinci Code" and "Angles and Demons"; (4) it had the perfect amount of twists and turns, one of which completely shocked me;<br/>(5) the ending truly satisfied me; and<br/>(6) I walked away from it feeling I learned something new.<br/><br/>While at times I'll admit there was a little too much "teaching" for my taste, and I felt the author tried too hard to impress with the tremendous amount of research he had done, I really can't complain because of the six reasons I listed above. (And because I respect the fact that so much research and thought went into writing the novel.)<br/><br/>I highly recommend the book and am a bit surprised so many people didn't love it like I did. Therefore, I would recommend approaching it with an open mind and remembering its a work of fiction.
 The thing you need to remember, is this is a work of fiction.<br/><br/>It should be judged against OTHER works of fiction, not just judged against The DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>The DaVinci Code was a great book because it let our imaginations run free and made us rethink how we view so many things.<br/><br/>I do not think this book was as good as The DaVinci Code, but I still give it a 5 because it is, ON ITS OWN, a very well done work of fiction.<br/><br/>It is quick paced and there's a few nice surprises in there, though one which the reader could tell was coming the whole way out.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the Lost Symbol, and recommend it-  not as a LIFE ALTERING work, but as an very solid read which will make you smile some and rethink the USA a little bit.<br/><br/>One reader said that the "lost symbol" revelation at the end was wrong because it was faith specific and "in front of us, but we can't see it"-<br/>I think by reading words of Peter in the book, you see it's very much NOT about faith, and the whole point is the thing you think is right in front of you, you're actually looking at incorrectly.
 I enjoyed reading The Lost Symbol because it is full of historical references, full of action.  If you are or have been on a visit to Rome it is like a travelog.<br/>The only drawback was the ending which was a little far-fetched after all the factual info.
 I wish I read the reviews before I read the book. I also wish I did not wait for a breakthrough - that never came - for so long. Finally I wish I did not spent my weekend reading this. I am not going to dwell on how bad the writing is, how cliche and predictable the characters and the plot are, how there is no pace, and how everything builds up to something utterly disappointing repeatedly. I am just going to say it in a few words... This book is seriously boring, irritating and has nothing to offer not even for entertainment. It is a struggle to read. You are much better off switcing on your TV and watching the first thing that you tune into. I give up having read 95% of the book and I very rarely give up on books.
 I was very excited for this book - even ordered it for my mother so we could read it together... I was very dissapointed overall. The book was entertaining on the surface ... and that is about all I have good to say about it. The previous Langdon novels were GREAT - this one fell short. Overall it was more of the same + some National Treasure ... If you have read the previous Langdon books, stick to them. If you are picking this book up as your first Dan Brown book then you may find it new and page turning. Overall - EH.
 Dan Brown has created another entertaining novel, this time focusing on the symbology of Washington DC and the FreeMasons. He uses the same style as Da Vinci Code with a new setting. It may not be new or different, but it is enjoyable never the less.<br/><br/>If you enjoyed Da Vinci Code, you'll enjoy this one too! (This will also make an interesting movie.)
 Dan Brown sticks to a winning formula. In the timespan of one day, Robert Langdon goes through a dramatic thrilling adventure. Similar to 'The Da Vinci Code', Dan Brown is excellent in mixing history, religion, philosophy, science and legends to make the story even more compelling. I could not rest until I finished the book - highly entertaining, frantic and breathtaking!
 Someone recommended this book to me because I live in DC, thinking I would enjoy the way the setting was worked into the story. Instead, I found myself growing progressively more irritated by the sloppy references to local geography that began in the first chapter and kept popping up throughout the book. (The Masonic Temple on 16th &amp; S is "just blocks" from the Capitol, but walking there from 1st Street is apparently a very long distance... um, what?) Suffice it to say, Langdon's little comment in the story about how most Americans never visit their capital city sounds like Brown hoping it's true so people won't notice how badly he's mangled the descriptions of this region and its citizens.<br/><br/>Aside from that, this book reads like it's written by a teenager who keeps waiting for someone to applaud him for being clever every time a plot twist arises. The characters are flat. The setting is almost irrelevant to the plot--other reviewers have already pointed out the formulaic way this story reads when compared against Brown's earlier works. The story also reads like it's waiting to be turned into a movie. And it jerks you around only to lead to an utterly unsatisfying conclusion that, in more skilled hands, could have been much more thought-provoking, and *should* have been the heart of the story.<br/><br/>Aside from that, it's a quick read and will keep you busy if you have time to kill, but it's ultimately nothing special.
 The only reason I have given one star is because it is not possible to award less. I do not care that critics think little of Brown as a writer, but this book is formulaic and brainless - as indeed are it's protagonists. These people are supposed to be highly intelligent, yet constantly make the most stupid assumptions and continually fail to learn from their errors. Anyone who is prepared to accept anything anyone tells them on a telephone - as these people do - lack even the most basic common sense. The story is such a farcical mess that it merits no more of a review than to state - it is trash, from beginning to end.
 Having gone through some initial growing pains with Deception Point and Digital Fortess, Dan Brown really hit his stride with the superb Angels and Demons.  Since then, it has been straight downhill.  The Da Vinci code was a disappointment, not awful but ultimately boring. Now comes The Lost Symbol, which is somehow boring AND irritating. The repeated descriptions of characters reacting with aghast, knee-weaking shock at 'revelations' that would make most people, maybe, raise their eyebrows were initially funny but by the 12th time it gets very old.  Far worse is the constant barrage of propaganda favoring awful hoaxes like telekinesis, esp, and so on.  Then there are the constant promises of 'great mysteries' to be revealed, which of course never are.  Do not buy this book. Do not get it from your local library.  If someone offers you a copy to read, politely decline.  Your time will be better spend doing something, anything, else.
 POSSIBLE SPOILERS<br/><br/>As many others I was quite disappointed. The book plot works on basic principle:<br/><br/>Robert L is not convinced that specific object points to real thing, explaining everything as metaphorical or symbolical. Then someone proves him wrong. He is amazed. Object indeed points to real location or clue. Then he is attacked or chased. Finding the next clue/location/object is not conviceted...  repeat/rinse].<br/><br/>After repeating this schema for about 10 times there is ending. And... apparently it points to something as metaphorical or symbolical as suggested at the very beginning.<br/><br/>The ending isn't up to standarts I would expect from Dan Brown.<br/><br/>While details about architecture, paintings or rites are quite interesting, there seems to be no direct connection between them. All point to or explain some aspects of Masonic Pyramid, but they are not interlinked as it was in previous Brown's books.<br/><br/>Neotic practices is another low point in this book. I would never call it "science". It is technobable about mystical human powers. Making it part of the book's plot was huge mistake.<br/><br/>Putting some crash test dumies instead of few characters would improve the storyline.<br/>The most human characters were probably some extras like guard Nunez.<br/><br/>CIA's-uber-national-crisis doesn't sound so critical once you hear what is it.<br/><br/>Figuring out who is Mal'akh is so easy. (tips: how Andros knew about pyramid, why is he always called Inmate 37 when describing prison story).<br/><br/>Finally the editing gives me a headache. Some chapters are many pages long, some are "cutscenes". The amount of italics used is a strain for the eyes. Some chapters could be removed completely and no one would notice.<br/><br/>Overally all the interesting facts about Masons, ther part in designing/building Washington, paintings could be written as briliant article in National Geographic instead of this bloated brick of woodware.<br/><br/>Please refrain fom destoying tropical forest by buing this book.<br/><br/>Regards<br/><br/>MJ
 I've read and enjoyed every Dan Brown novel, and was excited to finally have something new!<br/><br/>Wow, was I in for a surprise...<br/><br/>It seemed Brown threw this piece of monkey dung together just to see if people would buy anything he writes. I actually found myself laughing out loud at the holes in the plot, the voices of the characters, the dialogue, EVERYTHING! The biggest twist was that the book was so terrible compared to his others, which I found smart and fun, if a bit on the easy-reading side.<br/><br/>When Dan Brown publishes another, I'll be sure to borrow it from my library first.
 I'm only halfway through with the novel, but I'm ready to throw my hands up and completely surrender to the exasperating obtuseness of Robert Langdon.  There is not one chapter in this book that he is not shocked, stunned, or incredulous over the fact that the Legend of the Masonic Temple may actually be true! But why is he so unwilling to suspend his disbelief over this?  Yes, he is an academic and skeptic that only believes in tangible proof...but yea, I vaguely remember him being the one to discover Jesus Christ's last living descendant !! I'm only continuing on with the book because I'm still interested in the story, but definitely sick of the repetitive phrases and drawn out exposition.  And oh yea, Langdon is an idiot.
 Caution Spoiler Alert:<br/><br/>What I discovered after reading the Lost Symbol by Dan Brown is: I'm done with Dan Brown Books Forever.<br/><br/>The writing is such a formula that it matches the other books exactly. Robert + Studious Girl + Trusted Friend + High level Organization = Dan Brown Book. This book took you 5 years to write? What did you do for the other 4 1/2 years?<br/><br/>It's like reading a comic book for adults. Every chapter ends with "that's the most amazing thing I've ever seen" or "I can't believe what I just heard" I was waiting for adjectives like Wham, or Bam, like in the old Batman Series. Robert Langdon constantly doesn't believe or think he can solve these codes? Didn't he get a little confidence while being in the last 2 books?<br/><br/>The books states things just for shock value that aren't true like: "Robert Langdon is dead" I didn't think he really was because of how cheesy this book is. Then he is still alive. When then he wasn't really dead was he? that happens a few times in the book. You lose credibly when you keep crying wolf.<br/><br/>The one thing I find amazing about this book is that Dan Brown can lure millions of people into buying it, that is the real trick. I've seen better story writing in episodes of Scooby Doo.
 Annoying characters and absolutely NO SUSPENSION OF DISBELIEF.  Packed with references to symbols and origins of words but lacking in quality of plot.  Unlike his previous books you don't "get in to" the story hence you are constantly thinking that plot elements are unrealistic and/or ridiculous.<br/><br/>Definitely not as good as Da Vinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons.
 Although this book was interesting, Brown, I feel has two issues with the book. First, I feel he has caught the John Grisham bug in that this reads as if it were written for a screenplay. Yes, a lot of work went into but it was not of the caliber of the "DaVinci Code" and certainly not "Angels and Demons" ( which I thought was the better of the two).<br/>Secondly, I just finished the book and although the main "action" ended , the book goes on for another 30 pages about FreeMason's ideology and other esoteric/religious discussions. A bit, no, quite a bit boring since most of the book was about the same subjects. In my mind this is the Tom Clancy bug...In Clancy's case it's 20 pages on how a submachine gun works.<br/>Glad I read it, but also glad I borrowed it from the library to do so.
 On a flight from Rome to DC this book was my companion.  It was engaging until the last portion, when I realized that the foundation for the entire plot was extremely wanting and the expenditure of my time was unsatisfying.  The idea is pitiful that a new age of world peace will usher upon us all based on the breaking of a wax seal on an old box, or knowing that a bible is under a cornerstone of the Washington Memorial, or knowing that there can be multiple layers of meaning in the bible, or knowing that there can be divinity in each of us.  There is really nothing new or earthshaking about any of these ideas. Likewise, the idea that many top leaders of our nation would risk their lives to protect the BIG SECRET, that a copy of the Bible is under a cornerstone, is absurd.  While quiet medication (as Brown presents the Masonics to practice) is probably helpful for most, busy people hardly have time to place life-and-death priority on protecting secrets that are no secrets at all.  Even if Brown goals was to slam the Masonics as preoccupied with secrets of no significance (and I am not a Masonic), the best I can say about this book is "much ado about nothing."
 Dan Brown takes you on another Robert Landon adventure. Interesting in some parts, drags on in other parts. I was surprise at the villain's true identity. It did take me a long time to finish this book, for some reason it did not hold my interest and attention as Angels and Demons or The The Da Vinci. Over all I'd say its pretty much an okay book.
 Dan Brown once again proved why he has legions of adoring fans who eat up everything he writes: he is an absolute master of weaving together intricate puzzles, based on various ancient mythologies and symbolism, that almost always have multiple layers.  Unfortunately, it seems he has spent all of his time weaving these puzzles and then not enough time learning how to write.  I know, I know, "It's just for entertainment.  You shouldn't criticize his writing, since he's not trying to be Victor Hugo."  Fair enough...I have read all the Langdon books and will read the next one, for that exact reason.  It's entertaining, and I like the puzzles.  That doesn't mean I can't criticize his writing style.  I find myself holding my nose while reading his books, then genuinely enjoying the 25% or so in which puzzles are actually being solved.<br/><br/>A few main criticisms:<br/><br/>1.) Entirely too much use of italics.  Not only are all the character's thoughts italicized, but virtually every sentence that they speak has a few italics thrown in for emphasis.  People just don't talk like that in everyday speech.<br/>2.) His characters sound like encyclopedias.  Way too many passages where I feel like I'm sitting in a lecture hall.<br/>3.) Virtually every chapter ends on a cliffhanger.  His writing is bad enough (see point 8) that that's about the only way he can keep people turning the page to see what happens next.  Not only do the chapters all end on cliffhangers, but there are numerous places where the characters have already been made privy to some secret information which, for some reason, is withheld from the reader.  That's just annoying.  If you want to put off the secrets for a little longer, don't reveal them to all the main characters.<br/>4.) He plays very loose with facts.  I know it's fiction.  And that's fine.  But there are inexcusable factual errors in here that could be cured with a simple Googling.  More than that, they are things that any semi-educated person (as Brown presumably is) should know without having to Google.  I don't want to spoil it, but I'll just say that there's a certain government agency that dramatically oversteps its legal authorities, and no one even notices.  Maybe you can respond that it was just going rogue and knew it was out-of-bounds but didn't care.  Well...it doesn't come across that way.  And it doesn't appear that Brown has any clue how wrong he got it.  If he did, then his highly-educated protagonist would have at least had an italicized thought along the lines of "Hey, they aren't suppose to be doing that."  The problem could have been fixed with a simple "search and replace," in MS Word.  He also takes what are, at best, fringe beliefs and promotes them as fact.  Sorry Dan, but the word "Amen" is not derived from the name of "Amon Ra."  A cursory internet search will show that this is a myth with no academic backing.  Langdon would know that.  If you're going to present fringe beliefs as true, at least have your uber-booksmart protagonist identify them as fringe beliefs.  Then, if you want, have them turn out to be true, to your protagonist's utter shock.<br/>5.) Noetics.  Give me a freaking BREAK.  This is one of the most utterly vacuous ideas around, ranking right up there with astrology and Scientology.  Okay, this isn't a criticism of his writing, so much as my rant about the fact that the enormous popularity of Brown's books is going to spark public interest in this "science."  If Katherine Solomon presented her "research" to any reputable academic publication or at a major university, she would be laughed back into obscurity where she belongs.  The book tries to defend itself against this criticism by saying that "round earthers" used to be laughed at.  Yeah, maybe.  But you know what the difference was?  They had actual evidence to support the idea that the earth was round.  It's called circumnavigation.  It's the fact that the sail is the last part of a ship to disappear over the horizon.  If the history of science shows one thing, it's that it accepts new ideas when they have evidence.  Scientists are perhaps the one group of people on earth who can be generally trusted to discard former prejudices when the facts illustrate that they were wrong.  It is overwhelmingly common in science...politics and religion, not so much.  It happened with evolution.  It happened with relativity and quantum mechanics.  Ideas that would have been considered absurd by earlier generations were proven because, once they became testable, the evidence was conclusive.  People have been obsessed with finding hidden powers in the human mind for centuries.  The reason scientists laugh at such absurdities is because, after centuries of trying, no one has produced anything coming close to evidence for ESP or telekinesis.  In fact, there have been studies done of "the power of prayer" which pretty conclusively proved that sick people who receive prayers don't tend to get better quicker than those who don't receive prayers.  The worst thing about this book is that it will result in a surge in popularity in yet another indefensible form of vacuous nonsense.  As if we needed any more than we already have.<br/>6.) The book is essentially a fractal pattern.  The entire story consists of repeated examples of Langdon taking the skeptic's view of a situation, only for someone to pull a magic act and show that, "gasp! there really is something mystical and literal behind this weird old legend after all!"  Then, towards the end, we find that these repeated examples are really just building up to another example that is the sum of all previous examples.<br/>7.) The "grave threat to national security" is an absolute joke.  At worst, it would destroy the political lives of a few people who probably should never have been voted into office in the first place.<br/>8.) The writing is beyond bad.  It's almost apocalyptically bad.  The screenplay to Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure looks like Shakespeare by comparison.  At least that movie was intentionally corny.  Brown's language is corny and hilarious, but not intentionally so.  I had to wear earplugs and hold my nose just to make it through the conversations that the characters hold with each other.  Even then, my mouth tasted like I had just eaten brussel sprouts.  A bit of advice for Brown.  It is perfectly okay to use a an awe-insipring noun, a extremely old verb, or a legendary adjective without famously modifying them by using luxurious adjectives and erudite adverbs.
 When I heard that Dan Brown's latest book would revolve around the secrets of the Masons, I was mildly disappointed.  With the release of the movie, "National Treasure", I was afraid there would be too many similarities that would dampen the excitement of the storyline.<br/><br/>However, once I started reading The Lost Symbol, I realized that my disappointment didn't lie within the story of the Masons.  It was solely due to the storyline's structure.  It felt like a retread of The Da Vinci Code, with bits and pieces of Angels &amp; Demons peppered throughout.<br/><br/>Granted, most writers follow a standard construction that allows the reader to develop and maintain a connection with the main character that stretches from book to book (in this case, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon).  Yet Dan Brown's latest effort seemed too familiar - as if he was afraid to stray from previous outlines.<br/><br/>On the bright side, I love the interlacing of fact and fiction when it comes to historical art and architecture.  Dan Brown delivers once again - this time enlightening readers of the magnificent buildings that grace our nation's capital.  I wouldn't be surprised to see a boost in tourism in Washington D.C. due to his brilliant descriptions and mystical overtones.<br/><br/>If only the storyline was as good as the imagery.  Maybe Dan Brown's motto was, "You can't have too much of a good thing".<br/><br/>But in this case, I think you can.
 I finally got around to reading this recently.  Based on all the bad reviews it received, I wasn't in a rush to get to it.  The truth is that its not a bad book.  I found it pretty entertaining and not deserving of the overly harsh reviews its getting.  Honestly, I really don't understand the avalanche of 1 and 2 star reviews.  It's sort of bizarre.
 I honestly do not understand the bad reviews here. People seem to have a problem with the plot, others the writing and some the characters in the book. They seem to forget that Dan Brown and the publishers never claimed that this was non-fiction. Neither did they claim that this book is factual. Remember people this is a fiction novel and a reader should take it that way. Fiction, for some people, are a means of an escape just like movies are. I don't think we walk out of movies thinking that the movie is poorly researched or that the director should have done this or the producers should have done that.<br/><br/>Writing is an art. No matter how you write, what you write or where you write it. If you like "better prose" or as another person stated, a sentence that would actually make them stop and say "that was a beautiful sentence," then go get some Shakespeare, Tolstoy, Homer, Dickens, etc...<br/><br/>We all have different opinions on things. It is simply the way we are. It is why the world is so diverse and interesting. However, to criticize someone's work based on our own opinions is nothing short of ignorance.<br/><br/>Let's see some of the critics here, who probably have never actually written a book, accomplish what Dan Brown has accomplished. Write five bestselling novels, two of which were made into movies in addition to one of them being one of the biggest selling books of all time, and the one of which had an unprecedented first printing of five million copies, only then can you really criticize and scrutinize Dan Brown's work. No matter what people think, we all have to admit that Dan Brown has raised the bar in the current book business, let alone mystery novels.
 In the beginning we are told about this fantastical mystical secret that has such potential power that it must be kept hidden or those less worthy would misuse its dangerous powers to the great detriment of all mankind.  The Masonic Order was its guardian and they buried it at great depth in a hidden location.  The uncovering of this mystical power is the object of the story.<br/><br/>When we finally discover what this Lost Symbol is, it turns out to be a profound disapointment and not in any sense "lost" or guarded or protected or even hidden.  What a gigantic letdown.  I put my (hardcover) copy directly in the recycle bin.  Too bad.<br/><br/>The story itself is a colorful jaunt through the historical buildings in Washington D.C., revealing some little known historical facts about our Founding Fathers and some of the symbolism in these buildings.  That part was nice.  But the Noetics part I couldn't buy and the frantic involvement of the CIA was also quite a bit far fetched.<br/><br/>What we have learned here is to read the last chapter first before buying it.  The ending does not live up to what the beginning promised it would be.
 Even good writers write bad books. Dan Brown's latest hyped novel, The Lost Symbol, is one. The story begins interestingly enough but as it slogs on it is soon secondary to a mish mash of esoteric stuff.<br/> Brown's character, Robert Langdon, Harvard symbologist is called to give a lecture at the U. S. Capitol Building. His caller is (allegedly) an old friend and mentor who he hasn't had contact with in 10 years. When Langdon arrives at the venue, no one is there and no one knows about such a scheduled lecture.<br/> At the same time a diminutive CIA operative pops on the scene. And yes there is an object with unknown symbols.<br/> All this starts Langdon on a search for his friend, the meaning of the object and its symbols; all having to do with the Masons.<br/> Okay so far.<br/> But then it goes to pot in a short time.<br/> Author Brown has done well with giving the reader a touch of the mystical and spooky symbolism in The Da Vinci Code, and he carries it into The Lost Symbol. Unfortunately he bogs down in all this to the point that you want to say, "Who cares?"<br/> In this novel, Brown is like the guy who when asked the time tells you how to build a watch.<br/> Meanwhile the story gets side tracked while we are pummeled with Masonic legend, lore, mysticism, truth, fiction ad nauseam. Add to this morass of information that isn't all that important to the story a tattooed murderous lunatic and you begin to wonder just what the story is about.<br/> By mid book, you're completely lost as to what the story is because Brown drifts away from the original story line to impress us with his deep knowledge of Masonic history and symbolic meanings. It's as if he's writing a dissertation for his doctorate.<br/> This reviewer also got lost in the erratic flashbacks and disjointed flow (if there was one) of the story.<br/> Having been a Dan Brown fan from the beginning, The Lost Symbol accomplished one thing: It totally lost me in the quagmire of symbolism and boring information that had little if any relation to the story.<br/> All the hype, mystery and entertainment style promotion can't redeem the novel. Perhaps it was necessary to make up for its lack of quality.<br/> I wouldn't recommend spending money for this book. Wait for it to come out on Cliffs Notes.
 Dan Brown's book is an interesting read, but it requires more suspension of disbelief than I could muster. Terrible, horrible things happen to and around three people during one long night. Rather than take a single moment to pause and recuperate they wax philosophical. Far too contrived for my tastes.
 Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol has been all hyped up for months even years but once the hype dies down get ready to enjoy one of the best reads of the year. In Dan's third adventure for Professor Langdon we find ourselves in Washington DC where the good professor is on a flight for his life through the sub-basement of  the Capitol to some very esteemed Washington addresses to the top of the Washington Monument all the while on a fight to save the life of a friend.<br/> Dan gives us some great new adversaries and supporters with his characters whom he is intimately acquainted with make the novel exciting and impossible to put down. The plot is original and like that other lesser know novel that he wrote is full of ciphers, codes, science and great mysteries, he draws the reader into his story by filling it full of fact along with the fiction. He gives Professor Langdon another shot at romance with the enigmatic Dr. Katherine Solomon, does it succeed, well you'll just have to read it to find out. His dialogue is fast paced and exhilarating and takes the reader at top speed through these 509 pages of nail biting, heart thumping excitement.<br/> Mr. Brown does not disappoint with The Lost Symbol, he gives his fan's just what they've been waiting for so long. So to all the so called "experts" who have pooh-poohed this novel even before publication I say you must not have read the same novel as I did. But find out for yourselves, don't let "them" tell you what to read and what to like. Read the book and I promise you won't be disappointed.
 On the one hand, you are tempted to think that this "novel" is really a thinly-veiled screenplay: in reading it, one can imagine the stars who are intended to be cast: Hanks, of course, probably Morgan Freeman as the Capitol Architect, etc.<br/><br/>On the other hand, this book is so numbingly boring that it is difficult to see how ANY director---even one much more talented than Opie---could turn this vehicle into something that anyone could possibly sit through for two hours.
 I really enjoyed Angels and the DeVinci Code but this effort just does not do it.  I am not the most astute reader of action books so when I can figure it out early on it is not a strong endorsement.  I could not figure what drove the people and there was not any conflict.  Dan Brown had a point that he spent the last 50 pages explaining. He obviously believes that he has a pulpit and will use it.  That is not why I read a thriller so all in all I did not enjoy this.
 I was crossing my fingers that this would be good.  I loved Angels &amp; Demons.  I liked Da Vinci Code.  I really wanted to like this but when I, a casual reader, can predict the two big reveals that not good.  Then the "great" revelation of what the Lost Symbol was soooooo anticlimatic.  It was sad.  The last 20 pages read slower than the 20 chapters of the book at the beginning.  The characters were too preachy and seemed ridiculously two dimensional at times.  An utter disappointment.
 And I've read some dogs!  Let me preface this by saying I am a librarian who buys the fiction for a middle sized library and because I knew there would be high demand purchased 50 copies of this book. I should have known better. It is perhaps the most boring book I have ever read, endless prattle about the mysterious "word", a climax coming at least 40 pages before the end of the book, preachiness to the extreme, and repetition repetition, repetition! When I see the many well written page-turning thrillers that exist and that are bypassed in favor of Mr. Brown's books, I want to scream...but unfortunately that is not allowed in the library.<br/><br/>And as for the one star rating. Evidently Amazon does not accept ratings with "No Stars."
 Others have pointed out the "phone it in" quality of this book and rightly so. It is not his best effort by far. It was so predictable and reminded me of the later books by Robert Ludlum with his Bourne series and Jack Higgins with his Sean Dillon series - after the second book, there was never anything new. Unfortuately, the financial success of this book even prior to publication will only serve to continue this slide in quality unless Mr. Brown understands the disappointment his readers have experienced. I know I will be waiting for some reviews before I buy anything else he writes.
 The first 300 pages should have been only 30, enough to set the scene. The other 270 pages were just fluff.<br/><br/>The next 150 pages were very well done, exciting action, surprising revelations and creative twists, with a satisfying conclusion.<br/><br/>And then there are 50 pages of New Age preaching....reminded me of "The Celestine Prophecy".
 I have read his other books and this one is similar in plot and structure.  I feel it is about 100 pages too long as it seems to bog down towards the end.  Like his other books, it mixes fact with fiction and goes off on a quasi-religious philosophical jaunt that gets repetitious and a bit boring.  Not a bad read, but it can put you to sleep several times.
 Woven through the book are not only mysteries revealed in layers, but mention of ancient literature that must be re-read. Leave it to Dan Brown to leave one pondering the meaning of life after finishing each of his books.
 Great book, if you like Dan Brown books you will like this one.
 I enjoyed angels and demons and I like the Da Vinci code, but after picking this book up I was very disappointed.  The story just isn't very compelling.  It dragged on and on, I had to force myself to try and finish it.  Towards the end I simply started skipping whole sections because it turned out to be more of a lecture about spiritual mysticism.  Spare me please!  I get enough mystical nonsense from street preachers.<br/><br/>I would not recommend buying this book.  It's boring nonsense. I wish I had bought a magazine instead.
 The story kept me engaged throughout. Living in the DC area, the story was like a scavenger hunt in my backyard. I now want to take a closer look at my city.<br/><br/>I think anyone who loves history, with an action twist, will enjoy learning about the mysteries that are right in front of us every day.
 There is a certain fun in reading Dan Brown's stories. The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons were unarguably intriguing and sometimes I even had a sense that maybe I've learned a thing or two. However, in The Lost Symbol the writing-style and story development was taken to the ne plus ultra of obnoxious. The story went on way too long and became more of a gaudy display of historic and conspiratorial theory. You could honestly read the first hundred pages and then the last hundred pages and not be lost or disappointed in the least.
 I rarely write reviews, but this book upset me so much I cant help it. It wasted my time, sucked away precious hours of my life. Why? Well lets talk about the implausability of the things in the book.<br/><br/>1. CIA Involvement: First of all, CIA has no jurisdiction in the United States under the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949. Why are they in this book???  Shouldnt it be the FBI or Secret Service if there is a threat to politicians?<br/>1b. In any case, what are they even so worried about to chase Langdon and the maniac all around D.C for?<br/>***Spoiler***<br/>Because he might reveal some politicians are masons? Who cares? That the do some weird rituals which dont actually harm anyone? WHY IS THIS IN THE BOOK OR A MAJOR PART OF THE PLOT?<br/><br/>2. Book drags on painfully towards the end - you want to just skim ahead to the ending...<br/>3. The ending is the worst, anti-climactic ending I have ever read. I dont want to spoil it, but after reading to the end, you will hate Dan Brown for wasting your time and will want to ask him for your time and/or money back.<br/><br/>I read all his books, but this one is BY FAR the worst. STAY AWAY and save yourself some time read a better book or enjoy the outdoors.
 I read this book for the sake of argument.  The DaVinci code initially hooked me but did not stand up to a re-read.  This time it doesn`t even feel like Brown is trying.  I can`t blame him, it sells but there are better books to read.  Langdon spends a bulk of the book doing silly things, I can't even remember the lady's name since she's a carbon copy of the last two and the twist is worthy of an M. Night film
 This book was a good book, and was very interesting. It is not as good as Angels and Demons or The Da Vinci Code, the two books that came before it, but it is still a thrilling read and would be suggested to people who like to read, especially people who like thrillers or is a fan of Dan Brown. The biggest disappointment was that the ending wasn't as dramatic as the book promised (comparable to the ending of Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson and the Olympian Series: The Last Olympian).
 This book is not very good.  Mr. Brown continually goes off on side bars that are not very informative or entertaining.  They just serve to slow the book down.  He clumsily presents the villian and 1/4 of the way through the book you know exactly who he is.  The biggest disappointment is that we are expected to believe that there are invisible forces out there that can be tapped into.  Great idea for a fantasy book.  Very weak for a piece of fiction.  His foreward tries to tell you this stuff is real, but the story just gets more and more into the fringes.  Yes there are people who believe they get super human strength from making blood sacrifices.  They also walk around with their underwear on their head.<br/><br/>Very disappointed in this book!
 Good job, Dan Brown! I know you put a lot of thought into this book, and I appreciate it! I was hooked all the way through. And there were plenty of hooks! You did a good job of walking several tightropes when writing this book. You treated the Masons, Religions, Searchers of Deeper Meanings, smart readers, and not-so-smart readers equally well. And once again, you've educated me in areas in which I've been ignorant, or too casually informed. Thanks for an exciting read!
 Much food for thought, albeit, careful thought.  A lot of hard work went into the writing of this book.  Impressive!
 I have read all of the Dan Brown books.  After so many years waiting for a follow-up to the previous good works by Dan Brown, I feel that this book has a great deal of research/information about symbols in Washington and a very slim plotline.  I pre-ordered the unabridged audio version.  There are 15 CDs.  I am on the 9th CD and I can barely get through it.  With a background in medieval literature, I enjoy symbols and archetypes and all of that wonderful literary fun, but this is supposed to be a novel, not a textbook on symbols.  At 2/3 of the way through it, I feel certain that I can guess how it all turns out.  And if I'm surprised, it won't even be fun.  This is a slow, wordy book.  It should have been edited a whole lot more.  All in all, I wish I had waited to order it -- with another rewrite, it could be good, but a lot shorter. And, actually, hasn't the Masonic thing been done to death since the DaVinci Code?  The characters are not fleshed out enough to care about them.  Even Robert Langdon seems to have gone weak in the knees.  No one can have a great success every time, but this is so sad.  I had really hoped for an enjoyable, suspenseful novel.  His first book was more of a page-turner than this one. Maybe the next one will be better.
 Once again, Dan Brown really delivered. I can NEVER predict his twists! I think this book was actually my favorite of his because it takes place in Washington, DC, and, I had a very clear picture of the setting's exteriors, layouts, and interiors. I also was really fascinated with the subject matter they were exploring in this book. I highly recommend it!
 I've loved all of Dan Brown's books--except this one. Ever so slowly, the story evolves requiring the reader to wade through copious lectures and discourses about freemasonry, historical symbols, religions, and other arcane subjects. Brown's books are always filled with a myriad of detail and "stuff"--but in the past, I found such passages absorbing as Brown cites "fictional fact" that comes across as non-fiction. In his latest book, the "stuff" outweighs the story line as the book staggers to an ending by attempting to reinvigorate religious conviction. Afterward, I found myself dog-tired as though I had sat through one of Professor Langdon's very long and very dry Harvard lectures. Come on Dan, I've faith in you; try again.
 Similar to Dan Brown's other books, the story is fast moving and keeps you on edge. It is a bit too long. Sometimes he spends several pages on the same idea; talk about beating a dead horse.  I would still recommend it because it's an easy read and you learn a lot.
 I have liked all of Brown's previous books.  i enjoy the way he educates and makes you think with every book until this one. I've read his books that covered government agencies, cyber security, art, history, and religion. and then did my own research.<br/><br/>But I only made it about halfway through this one and realized I did not care any more: about Langdon or any of his problems; about how the book ended; or anything i had read in the book and would miss if i quit reading.
 I was expecting a work of art, a museum piece like the "The Da Vinci Code", instead I purchased a drawing hanging from a refrigerator, also know as the "The Lost Symbol".  After awaiting the arrival of this book with anticipation of a few nights of terrific entertainment I find myself sorely disappointed.<br/>There is not much that I can add that has not already been well hashed out in the other reviews other than SAVE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE.
 I'm a fan of the author and looked forward to the long awaited release of his latest work.  What a disappointment. Mr. Brown abandoned the reader in favor of Hollywood with this one.  I felt like the book was written in collaboration with  the film producers, not an editor.  Characters even seemed to be written with specific actors in mind. It was a long, drawn out read that can be condensed smoothly into under 2 hours. The good news is that it should translate to the screen better than the last two.
 Dan Brown's Lost Symbol is another novel in the tradition of his famous thrillers.  The Lost Symbol definately takes you for a thrilling ride through Washington D.C. and is another fast paced journey.  Is it a cookie cut book from The Da Vinci Code just using a different subject?  Maybe so but that doesn't mean it fails to entertain.  I will say that the end of the book dragged.  The book comes to a climactic ending only to then drag on and push a philosophy to its readers.  This will definately not spark as much uproar as his other novels but may create some controversy.  It really is a thrilling read and is a page turner from the beginning
 This book is a thrill ride into the language of symbols and secret societies. I am no expert on either, but the fantasy is so much fun. Often when I read a book by Brown I am eager to do research in order to find out if there is any truth to his fiction. This book is no exception to that eagerness born within me. His topics make me curious, and I love that about his books.<br/><br/>When I say I could not put this book down, I mean it. I would find myself waking at two in the morning just to read a little bit more. Silly, I know, but his books affect me the same way any other craving does: I've got to have just a little bit more.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is the modern day Indiana Jones. I love the adventures he finds himself pulled into. I've read "Angels and Demons," and "The DaVinci Code," and this book reminds me a lot of the previous two. Simply put I am a fan of Brown and of his character Robert Langdon, who I have a crush on:-).
 It is fun reading about the symbols and history in DC. But most of the plot twists are predictable and just silly. The CIA director doesn't believe Langdon is truthful but completely accepts everything the villain says. But the silliest is the main plot. All the mystery, codes and security over hundred of years to hide what? This is Nicolas Cage getting through all the puzzles only to end in the anteroom because there is no treasure room to find.
 Another reviewer nailed it when they described this book as reading more like a screenplay than a novel.  Expectations were higher than what this book delivered.  If I wanted kitsch, I'd have read a James Patterson novel.  Should have just let Robert Langdon die, bringing him back from the dead at the end was.... cheap.  The subject matter and the talent of the author, combined with the hoopla surrounding this book's release, really set me up for a letdown.
 I am an avid reader and I read across many genres.  Although not a "literary masterpiece" it is wonderfully entertaining!  I thought it was fun to read and couldn't wait to find out what happened next.  The villain in this story was terrific!  I loved to hate him and that made it more fun to read.  This book is a great "vacation" read and I highly recommend it to  those that enjoyed the Davinci Code.  Did this book have some familiar tones to the Davinci Code? Yes, but I didn't care because it was still very entertaining.<br/><br/>Worth the buy!
 I got very tired of the "now it all made sense".<br/><br/>Then you have to read another four chapters to see what made sense.<br/><br/>I agree with the earlier reviews, that the editor needs to be fired.<br/><br/>I am a BIG Dan Brown fan, yet Langdon survives in Da Vinci Code jumping out of a helicopter with a tarp. (which we all overlooked)<br/><br/>This one has him "drowning", then coming back to life.<br/><br/>Too many gimmicks, too little Story.
 I was excited but quickly grew weary of this book.  It took me over a month to return to the book after dropping it around pg. 100.  While I was fascinated by all the history and symbolism, most of the plot made little sense and rationales were not provided.  Overall, a disappointment (given the high expectations) but I don't regret reading it.
 It's not even worth wasting time typing a review explaining how bad this book is. I've never been a Dan Brown fan as his writing is mediocre at best, but Lost Symbol makes even mediocre sound good.  Stupid storyline, overblown writing style and an insipid quality very few books manage to achieve. All I can say is thank God I didn't buy this book as it was a gift, or I would have felt cheated to have wasted money on such a piece of garbage.
 I received this book as a Mother's Day gift.  Brown's books all follow the same formula and structure.  Read one and you have read them all.  I agree with other reviewers - the books is too long, not very well-written, and predictable.  The last 50-100 pages could have been deleted with no major effect on the plot.  Buy this book used or borrow it from a friend.  It is not worth having it in your library.
 A thriller that incorporates religion, power, and mystery
 Mr. Brown is a writer who can layer so much research and intrigue together to create a page-turner that will stay with you for a long time!
 Lost Symbol deals with a family tragedy, brotherhood and the subject of man's enlightenment.  It's a story that takes place in approximately a 12-hour timeline.  And although I figured out the true identity of one of the main characters earlier than I had expected, the thrill never ceased.<br/><br/>The facts about DC and the early masons are intriguing enough to want to do some research on your own.  I've been to DC twice, visited the Smithsonian Museums and even stayed across the street from the WH, but after reading LS, I realized I've missed so much.  This should definitely help bring tourism to the DC area.<br/><br/>To all those considering purchasing this book, you will truly enjoy the read, learn how to decipher codes and want to learn more about DC and this country's "founding fathers" and their role in the freemasons.<br/><br/>BTW, try deciphering the codes on the book's cover.  What FUN that was!
 I really like the rest of Dan Brown's books, but this one was not worth the money my boyfriend paid for it.  It took me, a rather quick reader, over a month to finish.  I'd pick it up, read a (2-3 page) chapter, then put it down again.<br/><br/>There really was no point of having Noetic science play a part in the story-it never mattered in the end.  Why even discuss it?  Any intrigue Brown tried to put into the story was worthless in the end.  I'm still not quite sure what the Lost Symbol was supposed to be.  To me, this story dragged on, and the end was quite the let down.  At times it was very farfetched.  I suggest you get it from the library instead of wasting your money on buying this book.
 I've read everyhting of Dan's to date and typically love his stuff. Especially DaVinci and Angels. This book is no exception. Really. I did like it.<br/><br/>The negative is that it is somewhat cookie cutter and straight out of the other two books in terms of plot lines. A little too predictable.<br/><br/>The positives are that it is a story based upon a very intersting subject - Masonic Lore. It also gives you plenty to think about in terms of how the subject matter applies to you ("me") as a person. I like that very much about Dan's book and writing.<br/><br/>I'd like to see him change up the plot line a bit when he comes out with his next book.
 Had great expectation for this book which i've waited so long for.  I'm no historic/science buff but I know when some ideas sound smart or just down right boring.  I loved Angels &amp; Demons and Da Vinci Code.  In TLS, Langdon is not acting like a brilliant expect that he was and I'm frustrated with the plot development and lack of good "mental floss" tidbits to impress me.  I'm 70% through but I'm dragging to finish because it doesn't look like it will have an amazing ending...
 As I was on the plane reading this book, I wanted to throw it at someone. While somewhat interesting, it was too long...and many passages were completely unnecessary. I just wanted it to end, and thought the ending would be interesting, but it really wasn't. Also the only single interesting plot turn (Mal'akh) was so predictable. I thought Dan Brown was known for his brilliant writing and keeping you on the edge of each page. I was at the edge of my limit during this read. I would not recommend it to anyone. I was very excited when this came out, but it was quite a let down. The only reason I give it two stars is because I still love a Robert Langdon book, and was envisioning Tom Hanks throughout.
 This comment is addressed to Mr. Brown (and his readers, hopefully, soon to be less):<br/><br/>I am a voracious reader and was looking forward to your new novel.  I received a gift certificate for my birthday from my daughter and preordered the book from Amazon - What a waste!! - not only of my daughter's money, but of my time.  I read the novel to the very end and never found anything new, provocative or interesting.<br/><br/>As a matter of fact, your style was stilted and unimaginative and the story line ridiculous - a total rehash of your previous writing.  Mr. Brown, I would like my money back (I will return your book) so that I can buy an excellent book by another author.  You have convinced me to never preorder a book again - it seems that the many reviews I have since read have been right on target. You and your publisher should be ashamed for probably spending millions of dollars on advertising for such an insipid book - no wonder publishing is dying - no one can trust either the publisher or author - money rules!!<br/><br/>To reiterate the New York Times Review of October 11, 2009 (which I wish I had read two weeks ago) - "What the hell, Dan?"
 "I'm pretty sure it went down like this," a Hollywood snapshot of the genesis of Dan's Brown's latest, is hilarious, and the author who penned it has oodles and oodles of talent; that's plain to see. However, having read "The Lost Symbol"  I cannot for the life of me see justification for the author of the review, Valannin, a fellow writer according to his website, to rate the book one star. One star ratings typically reflect one of two things: either the book is sufficiently without merit,  incoherent,  one of the worst books in print or, the reviewer has a chip on his shoulder. In this case, it appears to be the latter.  If one is going to be strictly honest, Dan Brown's "The Lost Symbol" is a monstrous work of research and effort. As a thriller, it falls short due to some rather lame plotting and a weak climax but for many readers, myself included, the journey that Brown creates, a voyage filled with conspiracy theories  and magic and mysticism,  is the key to his success. This is what keeps us turning pages late into the night. And in some ways, this journey reminds me of James Redfield's  "The Celestine Prophecy" in as-much as both, although disparate in story and setting, are really metaphysical lessons packed into fiction wrappers.  Some people wouldn't dream of picking up a metaphysical handbook such as "The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success" by Deepak Chopra or Rhonda Byrne's "The Secret," but learning from fiction is a very novel idea, and Dan Brown manages to do it as well, if not better than anyone on the planet.  If you do not believe that we humans are Creators and that our thoughts are potent tools of physical, material creation you might not  might enjoy "The Lost Symbol" as much as I did and you might not be as forgiving for some of Brown's ramblings and repetitiveness. If you find objection to Brown's  scientific molds, I respectfully submit that you think back to the days of HG Wells and Jules Verne--flying to the moon, ridiculous, journeying to the bottom of the sea, farcical.  If on the other hand, you are willing to suspend judgments and comparisons, and if you are willing to take the plunge into the world of fiction where some things require a leap in faith or a suspension in belief (as in most fiction) then you might find Dan Brown's "The Lost Symbol" to be quite a ride, worth every penny.
 As a writer, I find Dan Brown to be exquisitely entertaining while utilizing factual information that propels his fictional novel(s) into the mindful masterpiece.<br/>The "Da Vinci Code" placed the bar so high that sequels were nearly impossible to compete. Taking the effort to read his trilogy in order is worth the discipline of anticipation.<br/>Reading other reviews compelled me to write my own in support of Brown's efforts.<br/>So to the others who so harshly criticised his works I have only one statement to make:<br/>  "Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds."<br/>  Albert Einstein
 We had just visited Washington, D.C., so many of the places sounded very familiar.  Other information in the book was very well presented and interesting also.  Besides all that, the book was a good suspense/mystery read.
 Although I enjoyed this book, it wasn't as good as the previous two: Angels and Demons/ The Da Vinci Code. I think Dan Brown is so popular that he thinks anything he writes turns to gold. And the suspense lags because of it. There needed to be more than just one villian in this story, and maybe a stir that REALLY effected National Security. This story kind of reminded me of a Scooby-Doo plot.<br/>  But the last 30 pages were real fascinating to me. If the book was more about that, then maybe we'd be in there, describing this thing as a five-star quality! But maybe in the next book? As for this one, I can't give more than a 7 out of 10.
 I can't add anything to the 2000+ reviews already done, except to say that 3 stars ("OK") is a fair rating. Not nearly up to the quality of The Da Vinci Code, nevertheless, worth the read. But quite glad I read this from an ebook I checked out of my library, and didn't pay anything for. Might be worth $1.
 Yes Dan Brown can write a pacey, exciting thriller and no he is incapable of balanced, fair writing. He clearly favours the masons with their diabolical, fear filled rituals and appears to even agree with their obsession with fear, death and violence claiming it helps them to appreciate life! Utter nonsense. Apparently meditating on skulls and bones in a dark room filled with sulphur (black magic associations with killing enemies) beneath the White house  while contemplating war, helps the masonic politician appreciate life!<br/><br/>It appears to be okay to poke fun at the easy target Catholics in two of his other books, but he treads far too carefully with the masons, seemingly terrified that they will covertly ruin his career? and even ... knobble him?<br/><br/>Despite his detailed attempted revelation of the meaning of many masonic symbols he fails to elucidate the most obvious masonic symbol, namely the square. On the one hand he depicts the masons as privy to the hallowed secrets of life, and yet fails to tell the reader that the masons are obsessed with the 'square' because they believed the world and the universe were flat and shaped like a square! Genius masons eh!<br/><br/>Brown comes across as a new boy at school desperately trying to lick the ar**** of the bigger boys to stay in the inner `club'. Sad and pathetic.
 I've read ALL of Dan Brown's books.  This one was compelling but weak in many ways.  The book felt like a course text on Masonic  symbolism and history.  It attempted to be inspirational and it tried too hard.  The murdering monster became a cliche' for warning children about what happens when you're bad.  I was very disappointed.
 Fabulous novel, Dan Brown is a true artist. I love his characters, story line and unique twists and this book was no different. I became so enthralled I couldn't put it down and devoured this book in two days!! I highly recommend this book!
 Far fetched, although not so much as Angels and Demons.  Don't get me wrong, I like fiction.  But this was just trying too hard, and pass off some points as confirmed fact (mana from heaven? really?). A lot of the chapters seem to be written as if for a made-for-tv movie.  1-2 pages long, and contributing little to any plot or character development.
 I am not sure why so many people that dislike Dan Brown's earlier books would read this one.  I for one absolutely love Dan Brown's books -- all of them.  This latest novel is his best yet.  From the first page, I was hooked and had difficulty putting it down.  I appreciate that he can pause to educate the reader while never slowing the action or intensity of the plot.  He doesn't waste time on irrelevant details and is a master at creating interest and tension to keep the reader engaged.  If you don't like Dan Brown, my guess is you won't like this book.  But if you enjoy his books as much as I have, you will not be disappointed.
 I had planned to write a negative review of this book, but thanks to reviewer, "Valannin "Pantheon Outcast", I don't need to bother. He (or she) wrote a fabulous hilarious review, way more entertaining than the book itself and a much more detailed review than I could ever write.<br/><br/>I gave the book two stars because it IS interesting in parts and does hold your attention while requiring a major suspension of belief and reason and intelligence.<br/><br/>If you do plan on buying this book, then I urge you to NOT read that review, else you will be laughing at all the wrong places while slogging through this work.
 Starts off really good, then just keeps repeating itself over and over again - too many puzzles, too many false emergencies.  Nothing ever seems to end up being revealed or resolved.  What is the magic word?  What is the secret that's going to change mankind?  The book needed to be about 100 pages less and less lecturing the reader about endless details.  It really had potential, then just got drawn out.  It's basically a repeat of daVinci Code, but not as good.
 Well, this is Dan Brown, right? You're not going to get deep psychological insights or rich characters. But it does give you a thrilling ride. This novel actually starts slowly, far too slowly for me, and then picks up pace and leaves you at the end of every chapter dying for more. However, the details about the Masonic links to the US and Washington's geography get tiring and pedantic. And the great insight about the power of human thought is a bit of a let down. Having just read 'While the Gods Sleep' by J Fincham and before that, 'A day in the life of Ivan Denosivich,'by the Russian author, A Solzhenitsyn, the first of these an SF novel about the power of human thought and the second a book with incredible characterization, I felt this book was a bit of a let down by comparrison.
 Interesting read. A little long for my tastes, but I always enjoy Dan Browns books.
 It pains me to write this, but this book was awful.  I've waited for Dan Brown's next installment for what seems like forever.  I bought a copy as soon as the bookstore opened on its release date, blasted through the first 300 pages, then realized, "I'm not enjoying this."  The Langdon character mimics Tom Hanks' portrayal much more than previous literary installments.  The controversial noetic science is simply boring and can't stand up to the captivating nature of the cutting-edge religious fodder of the previous Langdon books.  I had the highest hopes of reading the next great Dan Brown book.  What I got was a sell-out, published for the sake of piggybacking off the success of two lackluster movies.
 it is educational about the masons and symbols. It had good plot twists and surprise ending. All good writing techniques.
 I enjoy a fun read.  This book kept me turning the pages, so in my world it was a good book.  Certainly the weakest of the the Langdon novels, but lovers of this kind of story and the "historical adventure" will still enjoy this book.
 As far as mass-appeal thrillers go, this one ticks all the right boxes. Clues hidden in plain sight. Wild twists. High stakes danger that feels real.<br/><br/>All that said, I think this is a lesser work than Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code. Perhaps the setting of Washington and its shorter history limits the possibilities compared to Rome, Vatican City, Paris and London. Perhaps the Masons seem less menacing than religious sects and cults. I don't know. I just didn't think this stood to the same level as the earlier works.
 This novel is written like a tennage mystery novel with lots of "oh my gosh" and shocked surprise parts.  The author seems to like ending a paragraph with a seeming enormous discovery of some incredible find that turns out to be just another cryptic symbol that leads on towards some unknown unfathomable conclusion.  After the 6th or 7th "he looked with horror and shock at what was revealed", it gets tiresome, since there really was no reason for the horror or the shock.
 First off, I liked the Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons.  So, I am not a Dan Brown-hater.  But this book was horribly written and horribly plotted.  And, worst of all, the ending, the so-called "lost symbol/lost word," was utterly ridiculous...and not "lost."  Also, despite promises to the contrary, Brown did not reveal anything significant about the Freemasons.  In fact, it seemed that after all the grief Brown received from the groups he offended with the Da Vinci Code, he went out of his way NOT to offend the Masons.  Instead, he has offended his readers.
 This book blew me away.<br/><br/>I've done a lot of reading, from Milton and Shakespeare to the Vedas and the Bible.  I'm familiar with symbology and quite a few esoteric religions.  Being a screenwriter, I also know good writing from bad, and strong storytelling from weak.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's latest book is stellar.  The critics love to pick at his style, but frankly I don't think their comments are relevant.  This book sucked me in and held me until the last word.  The writing is compelling; the story is motivating; the mysticism is fascinating; and the puzzles are downright genius.<br/><br/>Way to go Dan Brown.  Keep 'em coming!
 Interesting to a bit, but too much info regarding inconsequential topics; too unrealistic, as all of this happened in one day and no one went to the hospital. Could not recommend this one
 I loved the Da Vinci Code, but by the end I must admit by the end I found it to be a tiny bit cheesy and repetitive.  I then tried to read Angles and Demons, and wasn't even able to finish it. I can't even put my finger on what it was, but for some reason it just didn't click.  I thought I was done with Dan Brown books, but was intrigued by the fact that The Lost Symbol was based in my hometown of Washington DC.  Once I started I was hooked, and loved this book even more than the Da Vince Code.  Not just because of the setting, but because there were some surprises that I NEVER saw coming, and some scenes so terrifying that I shudder just thinking about them (claustrophobics beware!!!!).
 This will be short and to the point. I was enthralled with Brown's fast-paced thriller until the last twenty pages or so. At which point I not only couldn't wait to put the book down, but had to force myself to finish it. What a way to ruin a good story (yes, I realize this is not a piece of well-written, great literature or deep, mind-boggling earth-shattering philosophy -- it is exactly what it is) by not knowing when or how to let go of it after the climax. What was, for close to 480 pages, a proverbially exciting page-turner turned in the last few chapters into a maddeningly boring, preachy, interminable New-Age sermon that made me sorry I read the damn thing in the first place. I can only guess that all of the reviewers that I read who didn't comment on this point decided to quit reading while they were ahead and never got to experience this exasperating let down. Brown, you owe your readers a huge apology. Or else you should be forced to climb up the Washington Monument, one step at a time -- on your knees.
 There are 133 chapters in this book.  At the end of chapter 130, I was ready to give this book 6 stars (yes SIX!).  I wont spoil the ending for anyone, but the end just left me shaking my head and I even felt a bit cheated.  Lets be serious though, I would recommend this book to a friend, and the average reader will be entertained throughout.  I love how Dan Brown slips in a few general tidbits here and there (ie., origins of the words "sincere" and "abracadabra") and the historical references are solid as always.<br/>Great job Dan, but the ending really sucked dude.....
 How can you go wrong reading Dan Brown?  It is thought provoking even though every minute you are holding your breath. A story and knowledge that you can think about for a longtime.
 Loved this book and couldn't wait to find out what happened next.
 It is a bit confusing, and a bit disturbing, but a really good, fun, hard to put down read. Love it, and I recommend it to you.
 I don't quite see the point on commenting on whether or not Dan Brown is a good writer or not. Stylistically, he's fine. He doesn't say anything in a particularly nuanced manner, but he can clearly communicate plot and detail and for a book of this genre, that's all I need. But he's become so predictable. I love the earlier review that listed out the boring path most of the chapters took - there's always a character in the dark, and then, most conveniently, someone who's a friggin expert illuminates all, and then there's a startling realization that brings everything together as the chapter ends. Boooooo.<br/><br/>The biggest disappointment was that I figured out after about 20 minutes of reading what the 'pyramid' was going to be and if I, average American reader, can figure out what shocks Langdon to his core at the novel's end, then I do not believe Brown has lived up to any expectations of providing an exciting, unexpected, NEW, entertaining book. Honestly I should have just reread 'Angels &amp; Demons' or that one he wrote that explains how crustaceans are just giant cockroaches of the sea. Now that was interesting.
 With over 2600 reviews already there isn't too much to say that hasn't been said, however I wish to point out that Robert Langdon wears a Mickey Mouse watch (in case you didn't get it the first dozen times Brown mentions it) and he is without a doubt the most uninteresting, single dimensional character in modern fiction. Tom Hanks should be embarrassed to portray him and I hope he doesn't in the inevitable sequel you just know is coming and won't see if you read the book, unless you like dull dialogue, pointless chase scenes and clueless characters.<br/><br/>Secondly, take the plot from The DaVinci Code and change the location. That's The Lost Symbol. Don't waste your money or time.
 I love Dan Brown books! I've been waiting for this one for years and what did I get?!! A Huge Disappointment!<br/>Come on!<br/>He is a very creative writer, he does tones of research before he starts writing and all he could think of a Turkish prison from 'Midnight Express' and Japanese director from 'The Incredibles'! Not to forget the Abyss' of course... It's very lame! He should have put more thought in to this! Also, he is global! His books have been selling for millions around the world... He should try and be more careful when making quotes regarding other cultures, countries and religions.<br/>Dr.Solomon does not even know how to use his new I-phone, he doesn't even know how to text message and his sister believes that he is really sending her a message! There are a lot of nonsense events in this book and I did not even finish reading it because it was so predictable.... you got the idea! While reading the first page I knew whatever he would be looking for would end up under the monument!
 With regards to the negative reviews, I am amazed at all these bozos that think what they say on Amazon means diddly. I've read some of these negative reviews and I can't believe the hard time they give Dan Brown. The guy wrote a fun, interesting, and entertaining book. For anyone that takes the time to write a long critical review......get a life. OR better yet, see if you can write a better book than Dan Brown and then you'll have room to talk.
 I loved his previous books but at times I've hated this book. There's a lot of page fillers and repetitious points. I don't think I'll be buying another of his books. It really annoyed the heck out of me.
 First off, I'm a big fan of Dan Brown and I loved the first two Robert Langdon books, I mean I loved them! I was really looking forward for The Lost Symbol to come out, I rushed out to get it, and now I'm sorry that I did.<br/><br/>The plot is really deep, Robert Langdon has to solve clues inorder to save his friend. It has the usual things Langdon is used to, solving clues, outrunning bad guys and saving the day. The many things that The Lost Symbol was missing was heart and charm that was in the first two books.  As I was reading this, I honestly felt like I was walking through mud.  This was about 100 pages to long.<br/><br/>As readers, we don't need to know every single movment, every single thought and and every single action of every single character we meet. That's what Dan Brown does, and it really, really, slows the book down. There are pretty much three things that are going on at once, and when I was taken fron Robert Landon, and forced to read about the other characters, that had nothing to do with the main plot, I was very bored.  I just didnt' care about the other characters.<br/><br/>Brown also spends to much time in the past of the secondary characters. We know about all of their pasts, and the thing is that it doesn't move the story forward, but drags it down. We read about two characters who are friends and one is wokring for antoher, and then we learn of their first meeting, and there was no reason. This happens more than a few times and just took away from the action.<br/><br/>It's obvious that Dan Brown is a smart man, but the problem, he tells us so much that he knows, again, it brings the story down. I know how to drive a car, but I don't need to know how an engine works.  That's that Dan Brown does in this book, shows us how the engine of a car work, and we don't need to know everything he tells us.<br/><br/>I really hate saying all of this because I'm such a hige fan of the first two Robert Langdon adventures. If you want to read this, wait till it comes in paperback, or get it from the library or get it from a friend.  Its' really to bad at I feel this way about the book. I so wanted to like it.
 The first 3/4 of the book give you exactly what you want from Dan Brown: a lot of fun.<br/><br/>The last quarter of the book gives you: NOTHING.<br/><br/>If you're like me and find yourself so put off by the astonishing predictability that recurs throughout the book (culminating in an insulting obvious climax), that the last quarter of the book is absolutely painful to read. Put it down. The last part of the book reveals absolutely nothing. It rambles and reiterates on and on in meaningless drone.<br/><br/>The last part of The Lost Symbol completely ruins the whole experience.
 Wow! I couldn't put it down.  Hated for it to end.  Very thought provoking.
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books. Over all, I can say I was pretty satisfied. Digital Fortress being my personal pick as the snoozer, and Angel &amp; Demons my favorite. After Reading both the Davinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons, I expected far more from Robert Langdon via Dan Brown than I got. Several times I had to make myself pick up the book and keep reading. There were many chapters I had to slog through. Most of The Lost Symbol was predictable. As if this formula is the only one Dan Brown knows. But by the time I got to the ending, I was thoroughly disgusted. It was not an ending worthy of the Robert Langdon character, or really related to the tantalizing title of "The Lost Symbol". This book literally leads you to believe you will be reading something else and you will just fall into it and be mesmerized. It never happened. This is a typical mystery, with a slight twist at the end which actually made the entire mess of this book SUCK. I am so disappointed. The first thing I decided to do was write a review. I just finished the book 5 minutes ago and was THAT disenchanted. This is the first time I wish I could have my money back. Come on Dan! If you are going to write another Langdon book, make it truly about symbols or something similarly interesting. Not family angst and drama that leads the reader to an unfulfilled conclusion that includes the Masons AGAIN. Dan Brown is a good writer, he just seemed to lose his mojo with this one. Sorry Dan, but I can only give you two stars.
 The plot of the story is fairly intriguing and could make an excellent novel.  Unfortunately, Brown constantly uses his characters thoughts and speech to say the same thing repeatedly, and it's pretty much the same message that streamed through the previous two Langdon books: ancient philosophy has been transmitted to the present day through all the world's religions, and it needs to be reveals to humankind.<br/><br/>Ok, Mr. Brown.  Say it once.  Say it twice.  Please don't dedicate what seems like a third of the book to it.  It's just tiring to hear the same ideas repeated by each of your major characters.<br/><br/>I listened to the unabridged audio version of the book, which makes it hard to page ahead.
 This book is very unique. It is part adventure/mystery, part advertising brochure, part textbook, and part horror.<br/>I found to be absolutely riveting which is usually a very good thing. But the villian is so spooky that I felt somewhat uncomfortable.<br/>The information on the Freemasons is quite complimentary, that is why I give the book credit for being part advertisement. It also reads like an advertisement for Washington DC. Sorry folks but the so called "Patriot Act" makes me uninterested in viewing the nations capital.<br/>There is considerable history and philosophy and such here. The book could easily be used for college purposes.<br/>This was not an easy book to write I'm sure. It is clear that a great deal of research and thinking went into it. A really skillful editor could have perhaps made it flow a bit smoother I would think. I would doubt that Dan Brown allows much editing to his writing. He doesn't have to.<br/>Say what you will about Dan Brown, his sales prove he is easily one of the worlds most interesting writers. I have read all of his books and I'm pretty sure that I will always be able to say that.
 Waste of time and money.  It rambles, and even after you finish reading it you still come away with nothing.
 I really enjoyed this book as it kept me wanting to read until I was finished. The only thing that disappointed me is how similar it is to the first two books in the series: there is a lunatic that brings Langdon to somehow accomplish his plans. In the process, Langdon always seems to come up with some evidence of Christianity being wrong in some huge ways. I would love to see a different situation presented in this series.
 Notwithstanding the repetitive text and the unnecessary length, this book is still entertaining as it lays out the twists and turns. However, it is written as though it's a screenplay in preparation. The writing is not up to par for a reading audience. Plot-wise it keeps the reader thinking, but Langdon himself appears less intelligent and incapable than in previous books. He is on the receiving end not only in the physical torture meted out but also in the information section - he is constantly being lectured to, particularly in the last third of the book. Overall, a satisfactory follow-up to Da Vinci code but you could just skip it and wait for the movie.
 I've read over a hundred pages in this book, and so far it is pretty hard to read.  Very slow, same old Brown.  But then I came to the most incredible piece of information in the book.  The Redskins..in a playoff game... COME ON, you can't get away with that nonsense.  What a ridiculous premise.  How much does Brown think we can believe?  There has to be at least a little bit of realism in the book, and this really blew it for me.  LOL
 This book kept me going. I didn't want to put it down. I read it in a few days. I really like Langdon as a character and enjoy his adventures. I really enjoyed his first two Langdon books as well. This book was almost as good. It is much better than Inferno.
 I would recommend this book! It's not an easy read. I had to go back and reread a couple parts.
 Up until now I have been a fan of Dan Brown's.  I usually read nonfiction and technical books, but every once in a while pick up a novel.  It is rare for me to give up on a book I have started, but last night on p.73 I found that I could not tolerate another paragraph of "Lost Symbol."  How many times do we have to read about how brilliant and famous the characters are?  How these elite people know or learn about deep dark hidden secrets that the unwashed masses are seemingly incapable of understanding.  How clever and classless and free the main characters are? (Borrowed part of  that sentence from Lennon).  I think I will vomit if I ever hear the words metasystems or Noetics again (apologies to anyone who shares this sentiment).
 Brown has a good command of places in his stories. The setting in Florence was accurate, in accordance with time I had spent there in 2000.
 Some readers may be enthralled by Brown's use of the tattoed freek that has wonder powers but it gets old in the story real quick. Granted, Brown writes to the academic crowd as they say but when you use the word ESOTERIC in its main form and two or three variations 38 times in the first nineteen chapters, it wears on the reader. The viewing public is not William Buckley wanna-bees, they really don't want to run to a dictionary after every page. Readers of action thrillers want the story to flow, this one does not. Langdon constantly corects his fellow characters by the use of "actually, it really is,.......  ho hum. This will put you to sleep in five pages--especially when they start looking for the address in D.C  where the answer is supposed to be located. Also, lets stay realistic, if Langdon is sealed in his freeking vault, drowned with water and you can SEE him injest the water and then Brown just leaves him there and goes on with the story---hey??  Langdon is dead-kaput, the hero dies  before the end. Definately not as good as Di /Vinci. This is were we suggest that he (Brown) is getting more like Clancy---he may NOT be writing this--perhaps  fifteen writers meet each week with Danny and put the next three chapters together??? MAybe? Perhaps??  All we need now from Brown to REALLY copy Clancy is a video game to go with the story.
 Yes, let the battles begin between the literary snobs and the low brows who just want to be entertained. In the comments to the current first listed review, someone points out that there is a huge difference between a great writer and a great story teller. Brown is a great example of that difference. Is he the best writer in the world? No. Is anyone ever going to claim he's the next Shakespeare? Hardly.<br/><br/>But those literary snobs seem to forget the purpose of most fiction stories of today isn't brilliant prose. It's entertainment.  I know that what counts as entertainment is different to everyone. Dan Brown's equation for entertainment is great: emotional investment in characters, plus action that plays on that investment, plus a lot of fascinating research thrown in. I will definitely admit that there were things I didn't like. No book is perfect. The question is, do the things that annoy you detract from your entertainment enough to not read it? That answer is going to be different for everybody. For the literary snobs who can't get past that he used the phrase "the skull cradled in his palms" three times in the prologue, yeah, you're going to have a hard time. (And even some of those people enjoyed it anyway.) For those of us who don't analyze that critically when wanting to read something fun, entertaining, and somewhat informative, it will be very enjoyable.<br/><br/>What I liked most? It was a quick, entertaining read that also made me think. I really appreciated Dan Brown's view of the world.  His take on religion, science and history is very open-minded and different than the average person. He's a smart man. I can't give examples, I don't want to spoil anything.<br/><br/>Dan Brown had a tough time writing this book, you can tell. It is unbelievably hard to get all the interesting research he found in to one book without it becoming bogged down. I think he might have erred a little on the bogged down side. I felt like a little too much was thrown at me, but I also felt like it didn't have enough substance. I wanted more details of certain things, maybe less of others.<br/><br/>One warning for Brown fans: the beginning is a little slower than you expect from him. For pitty's sake, no one DIES in the first chapter!<br/><br/>Recommended? Yes. I don't think the writing is "bad" (not the best is not the same as bad) and the majority of people will enjoy it. Everyone except the literary snobs or purist hardcore academics. It just seems like those are the only people who take time to review...
 I'll admit it--I liked Angels and Demons a lot, even liked the Da Vinci Code. Sure they were formulaic and not particularly well-written, but they were fun, full of conspiracy-nut factoids, and had a plot that moved along. The Lost Symbol, on the other hand, is deathly dull and predictable, with a tattooed murderer (yawn) who holds secret information (when you see what it is, DOUBLE yawn) and who wanders around D.C. in makeup and a silk diaper. Robert Langdon is impossibly stupid, regardless of how many times the other characters say "Professor Langdon is SO smart." Worst of all, it's about 100 pages too long, because of badly conceived and executed subplots, trips inside each character's stream-of-consciousness, and unnecessary short chapters in which various interchangeable characters will say something about their interchangeable confusion and dread, just so we KNOW they're confused. As if we couldn't tell.<br/><br/>IN SHORT: supposedly smart people miss obvious things as they wander around in the basement for six hours. Masons are involved. Read the Bible. The end.
 Dan Brown must be paying people to write 4 and 5 star reviews after all the honest 1 and 2 star early reviews here because no one capable of reading could possibly give this book more than 2 stars.  For all the reasons stated here in reviews over and over (cartoon characters, repetition, silly italics, implausible plot points, boring, etc.) LOST SYMBOL marks a low point in publishing.  I bought it suspecting a train wreck and was not disappointed.
 A+. As always an up all night book. His storytelling capacity goes unchallenged. One of those books that you hold your breath as each piece reveals itself and every mystery travels through your synapsis. A banquet of food for thought!
 I have enjoyed Brown's work up until this point.  This book was by no means terrible, but is certainly the weakest installment so far.  Brown's characters no longer have believable conversations. Their questions are set up to disseminate information to the reader and in no way feel natural.  I do enjoy this general style of book but this truly feels like a rush job from Brown.  Too bad it too him a few years to do it....
 Historical fiction,mystery, suspense and much more! Truly enjoyed this story, it's implications and truths. "The Whole Enchilada"!<br/>Encourages profound thought.
 I have read all of Dan Browns books and here's how I rate them in order of my favorite first.<br/><br/>1. The Lost Symbol<br/>2. Angels and Demons<br/>3. Deception Point<br/>4. The Da Vinci Code<br/>5. Digital Fortress<br/><br/>I particularly enjoyed The Lost Symbol and could hardly put it down.  Same thing with Angels and Demons.  I read his books completely as fiction and enjoy them without getting caught up in whether something is 100% accurate like some other reviewers.  I read simply for the enjoyment of it.  Some of the twists had me gasping and I just thoroughly enjoyed it!
 In my mid-twenties I loved Dan Brown's novels and the mixture of history, science, religion, philosophy with drama, great characters, a fast pace, and adventure. They were written to be consumed like a feast for the intellectually deprived. However, this novel was far more Blah, Blah, Blah than that. It was, as if, Brown was trying to proselytize. And there was much I had to just skip over to get back to the actual story line. This will probably be my last Dan Brown novel. But now that I'm not in my mid-twenties, I have little need to be convinced of the wonders of our minds and world...give me the drama, adventure, and characters.
 Dan Brown sure has a way with words. I should remember to keep my ipad close so it’s easily yo research every nuance of historical significance he wrires about.  I have a lengthy list of items to learn more about.
 I would recommend this book to everyone. I loved the historical information it uses and it definitely takes a person on a wild ride to many places.  Intertwines all the information together to make sense and there were twist and turns that I haven't thought of and kept me excited.
 Good:<br/><br/>Made me want to visit D.C.<br/>Good villain.<br/>Source material must have been interesting.<br/><br/>Bad:<br/><br/>Langdon remains the blandest character ever. And it's starting to bug me.<br/>Plot and pacing are miserable and repetitive.<br/>Repetitive language (Who did the editing?). Also, too many lame character thoughts in italics.<br/>The novel is about 4 times as long as the material and the story merits.<br/>Crappy dialogue (Yup, here comes another history lecture.).<br/>SPOILER<br/>Practically every revelation is the same (It's all to do with the apotheosis of man.), and therefore not exciting.
 Another great book by Dan Brown.  An excellent, fast paced adventure, leading up to an unexpected, or maybe an almost figured out, but not quite, ending.  Not a moment without fast paced excitement, right up to the very end!!  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes books they cannot put down.
 His best book yet, so full of hope.  This. Is a great read, one that will leave you both satisfied and full of hope.
 Classic Dan Brown.  Very intriguing discussion of The Masons.  In particular, the discussion regarding the founders of our country being Deists and not Christians as well as Thomas Jefferson removing Jesus and other parts of the King James Bible in order to make his own bible, a copy of which is allegedly being given to all members of Congress.
 When I started to read the book I thought "wow - this story is really gripping!". Unfortunately the whole book is on a steady downslope and the ending is the most frustrating part of it. The characters are improbable and unbelievable. What with all the patriotic statements ("our great nation, the crossroads of this great nation,...) and the totally misleading "explanation" of how and why waterboarding is "so effective" I was wondering if Dick Cheney had ghost-written at least part of the book. Plus Langdon and his lady-friend do some really cool sight-seeing in Washington towards the end - the rising sun reflects off the top of the washington monument, wow, there is a really stunning ending to a story.<br/>I did not like it.
 All the pre-release hype influenced me to buy The Lost Symbol the day it was released. After an interesting and inviting start, the story plunged rapidly into an incredulous and predictable yarn, clearly written with "Action Movie" in mind. As a novel goes the story lacks all the elements to make it a good read for an adult who appreciates being taken on a journey that is credible, interesting and suspenseful. This is my last Dan Brown book.
 This book is fun, just like most of Dan Brown's other books.  It is NOT a literary masterpiece, just like Dan Brown's other books.  It is fairly formulaic, JUST LIKE Dan Brown's other books.  But it's still fun!<br/><br/>Anybody who buys this book looking for some sort of stunning piece of writing by a masterful author obviously has never read Dan Brown...it's like walking into the theater, watching "Transformers", then complaining that it wasn't "Citizen Kane".<br/><br/>Sit back, relax, turn off your brain and enjoy the ride...
 This is more of a take on how I am feeling about reading the book than a review.I don't even know if it is right or fair for me to give my opinion at this point since I am only up to chapter 25. It is just sooooooo boring to me that I can't seem to even want to pick it up and continue reading; it has yet to grab my attention. I keep walking by it and think I should sit down and finish reading it because it might get better but my gut feeling is it won't. I have read a lot of reviews on this and other sites and most reveiws confirm my gut feeling. Since I paid good money for it guess I will try and plod my way through but if you haven't bought it yet and still would like to read it I suggest you not waste your money,  check it out from the library or wait for it to come out in paperback at a half priced book store. To think I was looking so forward to reading this book that I bought it before I asked my friends who bought and read it what they thought. Wish I had waited, could have used the money on something more worthwhile.
 Rush right out and seize this book before they are all gone. This is another book that will give Tom Hanks a great opportunity to play Robert Langdon. The same template includes visits to famous places, surprise insights into things about those places, puzzles that need to be solved and do in just the nick of time, and a scary bad guy that .... Well. No spoilers here. The template works and the book is a page turner that keeps you from getting anything else done even though you know how it will end - much like a football game. It is a shame though that we won't be seeing anyone else besides Tom Hanks in the movie from the "The Da Vinci Code" or "Angels and Demons". Robert has all sorts of connections to various groups all of whom end up in trouble because the bad guys figure they have something special.
 I love the imagery the author uses. I don't like the slow sections through out the book, but I appreciate the history and information that they hold. Each of his books encourage me to travel to see the art and buildings described.
 Truth or fiction?  It left me wondering if there was some profound message we all need to find.  It's a subject I frequently dwell upon.
 This book is an intricate and complex narrative that leads the reader through many unexpected twists and turns to a very satisfying conclusion. It also leaves the reader with ideas and concepts that merit further reflection.
 The Lost Symbol is by far the worst of the 3 Robert Langdon books.  The tragedies to the characters are resolved to easily (and to conveniently) and really, all in all, there's no real story here.  No suspense.  No drive.<br/><br/>The book reads as more of an "obligation" by Dan Brown to fulfill some need for himself and not for the reader, like a "hashing out" of random ideas on a variety of notepads.<br/><br/>There is far too much "on the nose" historical/factual lecture from the characters too, and they just all seem to "know it all".  I dare say Ben Gates is a better treasure hunter than Langdon in this book.  Like the movies from Brown's books, this one falls flat on it's face and it's too predicatible.  The ending is premature and then drawn out over the course of chapters with the characters "explaining" this and "explaining" that and whatever.<br/><br/>A yawner at best.  There are very few moments where you're really wondering what is going on...with interest...where the story tightens up and grabs the reader, but they're so few and far between they're soon forgotten.<br/><br/>To label this book a "thriller" would be a rather dry and boring assault on all real thrillers out there.<br/><br/>Can't say I'll be waiting for the next Langdon book.  The character is lifeless and one-dimensional and knows far too much to be human (like a walking encyclopeadia of everything).
 If you thought this book, a cornocopia of interesting Washington/Masonic facts and  metaphysical philosophical concepts, would keep you hooked even if the writing was sub-par...how wrong you would be.  It quickly becomes apparent Brown sent a team of interns to go Washington and then crammed their research into a book, regardless of whether it added to plot of the story.  Did we need to know every street sign in DC? Did he have to try so hard to appear like he understands how simple technology (like google search engines!) works? I think not. This disappointed reader wonders whether Brown is going to keep pumping out books for the money, or, like his earlier books, will actually take the time to publish something of value.
 Another great book by Dan Brown filled with thrills and suspense. Make sure you have nothing else on your calendar because you will not want go put it down.
 Here is a review of a key themeof Dan Brown's bestselling novel, "The Lost Symbol".<br/><br/>Around Chapter 82 Reverend Dean Galloway - dean of the cathedral enters the story and we are told, "looked like he had been alive forever."  We then go through a, "discreetly hidden door that lead into an administrative annex."  Interesting.  Then out of the blue in big print in brass nameplate, it's announced his title, "The Reverend Dr. Colin Galloway Cathedral Dean."  We know here is a very important person.  Then we find Mr Langdon, a doubter, of the Ancient Mysteries, "you do not believe in such things."  Wow, a symbiologist, without answers.  We then find, "The Secret hides within the Order" and the words order are capitalised, so we know we are dealing with the very Special, Highest of All.<br/><br/>We are then asked the question, "know ye not that ye are gods" and "Man created in God's image" introduces new themes...Psalms 82:6 "Ye are gods!"  We are then forewarned of the great pending change, "The religion of the future, Einstein had predicted, will be a cosmic religion.  It will transcend personal God avoid dogma and theology."  This is astounding, one could say clairvoyant statements, which are likely to be true. The seal was broken, by Ms. Solomon, setting in motion a series of events from which there is no return.  Katherine stared dumbfounded at the reverend, as he was referring to the Seven Seals of Revelation.  The reverend tells Langdon, "You do not have eyes to see."  Will Langdon understand there are Seven Messages, Seven Seals, Seven Trumpets and Seven Plagues of Revelation?<br/><br/>Next we move to Chapter 84....something is pending..."I never imagined I would live to witness this moment"..."The Mysteries are moving out of the inner circles...out of darkness...into the light."  The pew warmers are wondering what's going on.  Peter Solomon senses the danger of this time, "He sensed something was watching him...waiting...intending to do him great harm."  There is no easy road to travel.  Change never just happens.  But a, "catalyst...has the power to transform this world" awakens us to something is going to happen....and the, "new development occurs incredibly fast."  This is real telepathy working globally, the noetic world.  We await the, "transformative moment of enlightenment"...at-one-ment of mind and soul.<br/><br/>Chapter 85 is Transformation.....with Langdon stating, "I had no idea" as two symbols fused to create one.  Man and God are one.  The devil in Chapter 86 states, "In order to create, I must destroy."  Will good triumph over evil...does good eventually triumph?<br/><br/>The establishment in Chapter 86 is shaken, "Dean Galloway felt a lightness in his step that he had not felt in years"..."He had spent his life straining to be heard above the din of ignorance"..."They defended their worldly desires by citing Scripture they did not understand"..."filled with the false life of the theological vine."  Dan Brown states, "It is always darkness before the dawn."  How can these statements be made, "we have the truth", haughty, confident, I stand unchallenged.  Chapter 88 warns, "Time is running out."  Know thyself is the word.  There is no intercessor.  Each must stand alone.<br/>Chapter 89, we are told "The pyramid is a real map, Galloway had told them, and it points to a real location."  This is recognition of the divinity of each person, life is real, each moment is to be revered.  Each story is real.  There is no aborting life as respect becomes integrity.  We are all with God without religion.  Without wax our words are true....there will none that "preferred their own feeble gestures of personal sacrifice...fasting, Lenten renunciation, tithing."  It is recognised sacrifice is daily, in all actions, sabbath continually one might say<br/><br/>In Chapter 98 Robert finds his birth outfit, "Where the hell are my clothes?"..."I'm in a box!" is a fitting methaphor.  "I have been buried alive"..."I am going to suffocate alone in this box."  Skipping along to Chapter 107, the question starst flowing, "Does heaven exist?  What happens when I die?"...and then, "pure consciousness" is recognised, now.<br/>Chapter 108, wow, a short Chapter..."the physical world had ceased to exist."<br/><br/>Chapter 110 the "bell began tolling" and by Chapter 111 we are at, "wonderful new age of enlightenment."  No one knows quiet what is going to be the spark, but we are learning, "I create as I speak."  Then the pathway opens, "Your passion is an important catalyst in the coming change."  "Study the Bible"...especially the final pages as the 7Angel Messages, 7 Seals, 7 Trumpets and 7 Plagues are going to be known, I suppose..."a reveal-ation.  The Book of Reveal-ation in the Bible predicts an unveiling of great truth and unimaginable wisdom."  The students give Peter Solomon applause.<br/><br/>Scenes of action follow.  No sleeping here.<br/><br/>By Chapter 126 we are told, "You have walked past it and never seen it."  No one is going to tell you, you must find out for yourself.  No one can do it for you.<br/><br/>Read and reread chapters 130-133...."Concealed within those pages there hides a wonderful secret"...talking of the Old and New Testaments..."the Word has been the Bible"..."which awaits in darkness at the foot of the staircase"...scythe...hourglass..."index finger was extended, pointing directly at a large open Bible as if to say, "The answer is in there!"..."a vast collection of untapped wisdom waiting to be unveiled."<br/>Twitter, Google, Wikipedia...the noetic world..."Out of many, one."  Pure consciousness...hope.<br/><br/>Well worth a read.
 I would like to start with the positive- I managed to read this book all the way to the end and even enjoy most of it. However.....<br/><br/>The impression I got is that Mr. Brown wanted to send a message of hope and peace to the world and chose his familiar, readers- attracting protagonist, Robert Langdon, to do so. This is the only thing that can explain the weak plot, the predictability, the sudden stupidity of Mr. Langdon, the not-even-remotely-shocking "shocking revelations" and the endless repetitions. In fact, practically half the book reads like a questionable encyclopedia/New-Age self-help book/ philosophical-theological manifesto rather than like a novel.<br/><br/>Although the trivia parts are what I liked about the DVC, Mr. Brown took it too far this time. Luckily, I did find the subject interesting which is what kept me reading but if you are looking for a fast-moving plot and a lot of action this is not the right book for you.
 Most of the reviewers got it right--formulaic and poorly written. It is pretty clear that Brown knows the value of the niche he has occupied and is milking it for what it's worth. Although the Da Vinci Code at least had some interesting elements going for it, even it was only a poor man's version of Eco's "Focault's pendulum"--so if you really are interested in a thriller in the broader "freemasonry-secrets-conspiracy" genre that will challenge your intellect and that won't let you leave the story behind (I still love and remember the ending after years, while the Lost Symbol is already gone, and I finished only yesterday), go for Eco.
 I listened to the unabridged audio version and I must say, this was an excruciating experience, especially the hour and a half AFTER the very predictable climax and denouement had been reached. Other reviewers have pointed out the wearisome repetitiveness and unnecessary summations throughout the book. Except for the method of "death/resurrection" of one of the characters, the "unexpected twists" have all been used before in better novels. I have no doubt this will be made into a movie, but predict it will be panned even more than The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Three redeeming features of this book: the insights into Masonry, D.C. architecture, and noetic science. Instead of reading this book, pick one on any of these three topics and you will have spent your time more wisely and enjoyably.
 I hate to give Dan Brown 3 stars, but this is not his best work by any means.  Too much of the story was weak and it did not tie together.  It was like too many details were missing and he did not take the time to fully tell the story.  Maybe my expectations are just too high.  I'm glad I read it and will read his next book, but it's  not in the same league as his other works.  I just wanted more.
 Always a good read, but as with all of Brown's Langdon stories, slow and tedious in some places.
 This is not Dan Brown's best work. If the only book you have read by him is the Davinci Code, then don't read this one. You will be very disappointed. Dan gets too bogged down in details of Washington DC, and the Masonic order itself, that the reader finds himself glossing over much of it. I personally didn't care what happened to the characters. The story was too formulaic in it's writing, and appeared to be written with the intent of turning it into a movie. Like what happened to the Ludlum books, Brown has become far too predictable for the reader.
 I did finish the book, and I do have to say that it did hold my interest at times, but there were several times that I put the book down in disgust because I think that Dan Brown in a better writer than this. There were just a lot of things that "brilliant" people, hopefully, would not do. The worst of which, in my opinion, was that Katherine, the brilliant scientist sister would have trusted someone that she met only that day, and invite them into her very expensive, exclusive, elusive laboratory.<br/>I hope that the next Dan Brown book is better. It is my opinion that he is up to the task.
 I hardly drop a book in the middle of the story, but this time it was too much.<br/>I really appreciated The Da Vinci Code, so I decided to embark on Digital Fortress some time ago. Having to force myself to read it entirely, I concluded that Dan Brown was not mastering his writing yet at the time of Digital Fortress and that I should rather go to his recent novels.<br/>With The Lost Symbol, my conclusion is rather that The Da Vinci Code might have been an exception... I did not read Angels &amp; Demons or Deception Point, so my judgment might be biased, but I will definitely let others make a more exhaustive review. The Lost Symbol was my last Dan Brown.
 After reading some of the other reviews, I'm a bit surprised.  Was this his best work ever, maybe not, but is this still an entertaining read, most definately.  I've read and reread this book a few times, and each time I read it, I still can't put it down. Do I recommend it, definately.
 Great Story - I couldn't wait to turn the page to see what was next through the whole book.  If you loved Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons, you're going to love this book too.  I didn't give it 5 stars because the story form was just like Da Vinci Code and Angels. For instance, a crime has been committed, call Robert Langdon - there is an object with a code that must be deciphered.  Secondly, the character of CIA Director Sato was not believable when she was first introduced.  For example, when a crime is committed, I couldn't believe she kept asking Langdon about symbolism for quite a few pages, before investigating the crime or national security issues.  But, the character gets back on track and an exciting story continues.  Don't let any of this discourage you from reading or buying the book.  The suspense is so good you can't put the book down.
 I sure hate to have to say this....  I'll keep this short.  This book was not at all what I would expect from Dan Brown.  Way too long.  Lots of rambling.  I can't give anything away, but I can tell you that I would skip this book entirely.  I'm going to pretend I never read it and go back and re-read Angels &amp; Demons.  ; )
 First half not bad and reasonably interesting.  Thereafter book seemed way overblown and particularly the last third which I thought was grossly contrived and tedious with characters acting in ways that defied any sense of reality ( notwithstanding the circumstances)  Got to be just plain stupid.  Felt I was being taken advantage of by the author and publisher.  Playing on past successes without delivering a fair return for the price of this product.
 "Character A: Have you heard of X?<br/>Character B (usually Langdon): Yes, but I thought that was just a myth.<br/>Character A shows or tells B something.<br/>Character B reacts with shock.<br/>Then, insert scenes of people walking from one place to another, being chased.<br/>Then, insert the sentence "Suddenly everything made sense." At least for the next ten pages.<br/>Repeat. "<br/><br/>I liked this analogy.  One thing I would add though after "Character B reacts wtih shock"<br/><br/>--Character A smiles at everyone elses stupidity - as it's been under their nose the WHOLE time and makes perfect sense to HIM/HER.<br/>--add a crapload of preaching (I LOVE religious books...I HATE preaching books).<br/><br/>You can do better Dan Brown....Don't be thinking about the movie when you write the book...think about the book.  Eternally self rightous cocky characters grate on my nerves.  If it wasn't a Dan Brown book...I wouldn't have finished it.
 Okay, I have to admit that on a cold, cloudy day, this book was a good escape.  However, I also found that the plot was too easy to figure out...the evil bad guy? Didn't take a brain surgeon to figure out his true identity halfway through the book.  The demise of the main characters?  Come on,you knew this wasn't really the end for any of them (and did they check their brains at the door when they fell into the trap?) I did really enjoy the first 2/3 of this book-it had a good pace and interesting twists, but toward the end, I had to wonder, like others, where the editor was. I think the book could have been wrapped up rather nicely if it had edited down by about a 100 pages.
 I was very disappointed.  The beginning of the book got my attention, but he really jumped the shark after chapeter 100.  It is also formulaic based on his earlier books.  He should have actually killed off the Langdon character instead of miraculously bringing him back to life.
 Very disappointing follow up to DVC.  As many reviewers have commented this is almost a cut and paste.  Indeed there were times when I wondered if Dan Brown had even written it himself or just rented his name to it.<br/>It gets one star for sending me to Google to look up Melancolia I by Durer and getting me to think a little more about the architecture of our capital.<br/>Otherwise the principal characters are extremely irritating (for two supposedly super intellects they remain obdurately ignorant throughout), the Neotics sub plot is irrelevant, the villain is unbelievable, and the end is so vague I still wonder if I perhaps missed some great revelation.<br/>At least now I know what my friends' fathers were up to all those years ago when they took off to the lodge.  I thought they just wanted to get some peace away from their families.  Little did I know they were plotting world domination.<br/>Sadly this is sure to be a major blockbuster and will doubtless be released as a poor Tom Hanks film within a year.
 As always, the story is fascinating and the history is what keeps everything moving.  However, there are no surprises or "twists" in the plot.  I found it all rather predictable and the big scary "threat to national security" was kind of a joke. If asked about The Lost Symbol, I'd say it is OK.  I would wait for the soft cover, though.  On second thought, hold out for the mass market.
 Another scavenger hunt with Robert Langdon.  Right when I thought Dan Brown couldn't get another creative Robert Langdon book, he does.  This book does not disappoint and in fact has some very interesting twists.
 This book was entirely too long.  It was like a docu-drama that builds up to an amazing revelation only to then cut to commercial.  I found myself highly irritated by the flow of the story.  I was expecting something really thought provoking to be unveiled at the end but it was a big let-down.  I also found this book to be very predictable.  I figured out the true identity of the villain early on in the story.  I also figured out several of the puzzles that were so perplexing to old Robert Langston... uh... just turn it upside-down.  I felt it was a waste of my time.  I'd suggest skipping it and re-reading The Da Vinci Code or Angles and Demons.
 I was more than a little disappointed in this book. Based upon his prior works I expected at the least an interesting story that moved along at a good clip. Such was not the case. It seemed that half the book was taken up with other people explaining to Dr. Langdon what he didn't understand. It took forever to get through the last 25 or 30 pages. It will either be the shortest movie made next year, or the most boring.
 Okay, so I had read all of Dan Brown's books by the time I excitedly picked up the Lost Symbol.  I'm not sure what I expected, but I was disappointed.  The Lost Symbol follows the same formula as all of his other books and while I expected to be wowed, I felt it was very predictable and as a result, disappointing.
 The Masons are a spent force.  I just couldn't get excited over a group that was prominent 100 years ago and is in steady DECLINE.  There must be some powerful organisation that is benevolent but maybe not.  How about, World Vision, the UN, the World Bank, big oil, big tobacco, the green movement.  How about political correctness and Islam?  It's like some joker tried to write a thriller about the rise of communism!<br/><br/>The Noetics do not need any free publicity.  The popularity of The Secret and The Alchemist show that there is an infinite supply of people happy to believe in lightweight nonsense.  Dan, you were supposed to be about paranoia and fear and you just went around giving some randoms more credibility than they deserve.<br/><br/>What's more, I couldn't give a flying flee in a rolling down and out what happened to any of the characters.  Kill them all off for all I care.  I want my $25 back.
 Weakest of the series.
 My wife and I spent several evenings reading this book together, and here are a few observations:<br/><br/>1. After reading the book, I still have no idea what it is "about".<br/>2. If real Harvard professors are as dumb as Robert Langdon, I'm glad I went to a state school with 25,000 other morons.<br/>3. Dan Brown is one sick puppy who wrote this book simply to see how many times (and in how many different ways) he could describe male genitalia - 'fleshy shaft', 'neutered sex organ'? ... gross.<br/><br/>I can't wait for the movie - it should be straight-to-DVD in your local gay adult video store by spring!
 I have to declare from the onset that I am a Freemason. This book is therefore of interest to me. Having read the book over two weekends I have to say that I am impressed with Brown's intellectual bandwidth as it relates to his knowledge of the esoteric. Any author who can reference the works of Bro. Manly P. Hall, Alesteir Crowley and Sir Francis Bacon ( Brown seemed to be particularly impressed with Bacon)  has done his background reading. I would love to tour Brown's personal libray.  Brown's portrayal of Masonry as comprising honourable men like the book's 33 degree Masons Peter Solomon and Warren Bellamy is indeed accurate. The central theme of the book is that man has not realized his full potential and can do so through tapping into lost knowledge that is contained / encrypted in the higher degrees of Masonry and is also being unwraveled by Noetic science.
 I guess I liked this book more than most of the readers.  I'm not always looking for high falootin' literature, just some entertaining hours of escape.  I heard a couple at the train depot saying that this book seemed to them like Dan Brown was already writing the screen play.  For me, that was a plus.  I listened to this book on audio and it really translated to the "theater of the mind".  98% of the book was a page turner (CD turner?).  I'll admit the ending was weak - possibly non-existant.  All in all I give Lost Symbol a thumbs up....bg
 Follow along with Langdon's journeys through DC to see another world of twists, turns, and just enough truth to get you to think about the world as we know it.
 Fast paced from the start unseen story twists were great. Was expecting an ending, but not the great one we got. Bravo!
 Some of the major plot twists in the book were very easy to figure out early on. I was also frustrated by the fact that people who were supposedly so into history + mythology missed some major and obvious clues.
 This book is a badly cloned version of his two previous books, it is 200 pages too long, the plot and twists are obvious. Most of the characters in the book are disconnected and none are really likable that the reader can hang on to.<br/><br/>Even Robert Langdon himself, he could have shut up half of the book to make the story more readable, but instead he went on with the constant rambling of "facts" that gets extremely tedious to read at times on top of too many "now I get it, now I don't" moments. I won't comment on the bad writing, you obviously don't read a Dan Brown book for his prose.<br/><br/>I've never written a review before until this book compelled me to. I can't believe I waited 7 years for this crap. Save your money for something else.
 I read the whole book and was sorry I wasted my time. Yes there are a lot of symbols and a 'big' mystery. The problem is (warning spoiler) after everything is finished in the end there is no 'word'. In fact the end is just nothing. No big revelation, no mystery solved just the revelation that all religions worship the same God. BLAH! If you read the "Da Vinci Code" and liked it, don't read this book. You will be severly disappointed.
 The book gets progressively worse from start to finish. I kept on reading in hopes that it would redeem itself in the end, it doesn't. I skimmed the last few chapters, as they felt completely unnecessary after the so-called revelation. I feel this book is a rip off for fans of The DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons. It seems as though the author was just trying to milk more money from his fans. This book was a big disappointment, and often annoying with the long explanations and thoughts of the stale characters. And I am tired of the author creating a so-called love story between the leading lady and Langdon in his books, there is just no chemistry. It was a waste of money--do NOT buy it.
 When I began reading The Lost Symbol after finishing The da Vinci Code, my expectations were very high.  After completing it, I felt that it left me feeling a little dry.  Lost Symbol was my least favorite book in the series.
 As a longtime thriller reader, I've always had a healthy amount of respect for Dan Brown's talents.  The two Brown novels that feature Harvard symbiolgist Robert Langdon -- ANGELS &amp; DEMONS and THE DA VINCI CODE -- are two of the most entertaining thrillers I've ever read.  Admittedly, neither book features first-rate prose or three-dimensional characterization; but they are both brilliantly constructed page-turners packed with fascinating tidbits about history, religion, and science.  They are almost impossible to put down once you start them.<br/><br/>While THE LOST SYMBOL isn't quite as good as those two earlier novels, it's still a kick to read.  Brown follows his usual plot formula here (Langdon teams up with a female sidekick, solves puzzles, is chased around by the authorities and a two-dimensional villain), with only a handful of major variations.  But the formula is a reliable one, and this novel has the same delirious momentum that A&amp;D and DVC had.  So if you enjoyed the prior Langdon novels, you will most likely enjoy THE LOST SYMBOL, although probably not as much, since Brown treads on so much familiar territory the third time around.<br/><br/>Also, THE LOST SYMBOL is a bit heavy on New Age philosphizing.  Brown is clearly a humanist, but he tries hard here to express his humanist beliefs in a manner that won't offend organized religion.  The result is a series of preachy, oblique, and drawn out dialogues that slow the momentum of the story, especially toward the end. I found the ending a slight disappointment, although I do give Brown credit for trying something a little different.<br/><br/>Overall, however, THE LOST SYMBOL is a solid sequel that delivers the goods.  It's a very well exected page-turner, one of the most entertaining novels I've read so far this year.  It is also WAY better than all the DA VINCI CODE knockoffs I've been reading over the past five years.  So if you're a Dan Brown fan, you should definitely pick this one up.  And if you're a Dan Brown hater -- well, this novel won't change your opinion of the man and his talents.
 ...for Dan Brown. In his third novel surrounding Robert Langdon, I felt so lost and confused reading the first 20 chapters. There was too much going on and so it wasn't suspenseful enough for me. A very disappointing turn out for me. I would not even try to read it if I were you.
 Again, Brown has written a book which moves quickly; linking characters in unusual ways. His research of symbols and ability to connect them to everyday life while weaving them into the plot is outstanding.
 I like compulsive page-turners as much as anyone even if my idea of beach reading is Jane Austen or the original blockbuster novelist, Dickens. I'll even confess to enjoying the film versions of Brown's earlier blockbusters: They're undemanding and relatively fast-paced. But once again we the public are leaping like lemmings off a cliff with a book that speaks to the lowest common denominator in writing. Yes, I've read it, hoping for the best, and found it as poorly written, speciously argued, and feebly constructed as the rest of Brown's oeuvre. Had anyone other than this billionaire author penned The Lost Symbol, it would languish at the bottom of some forgotten pile of unoriginal, uninspired and unpublished manuscripts. Instead, Brown will reap immense rewards while other authors and better books go un-championed. What about Alan Furst? He gets Paris and the French right, and sets a wonderful mood. What about the late, great Michael Dibdin (recently RIP'd)? He got Italy--and America (his inspector, Aurelio Zen, is as lively as Brown's "symbologist" is deadening). Furst and Dibdin write/wrote beautifully, not to mention grammatically. For anyone who likes exquisite writing, true suspense and books that really should be made into films but never are, I would nominate the amazing sleeper I read a few months ago: Paris City Of Night, by a little-known writer named David Downie. Talk about craft! Paris City of Night--and Furst's or Dibdin's many fine books--won't sell a million copies in a day, but perhaps they should.
 I was in 2 minds about this book.  I thought it came out too fast after the others, so I did have lower expectations.  But it delivered the story, and did carry me along so I did not put it down until done.  It did seem lengthy and repetitive at times.  I almost felt I needed to know Washington, so in some ways the detailed directions were a hindrance as I did not know the places mentioned in relation to each other, but I felt the way he kept detailing the geography was for our benefit. My purpose in reading novels is to be taken somewhere else and not to worry too much about the literature of it all, although it is a bonus if that is good too.  This was meant to be an exciting read and that's about it.
 Lost on me mostly. Too much information about a subject I'm not terribly interested in. Not much plot. Took a lot of skipping text to get through it.
 Entertaining. I recommend this book to anyone looking for a suspenseful, easy read. It has interesting history, science, and technology facts to boot.
 I love all the pictures!!!  It makes the story more believable!!! And the clues and symbols fixes them in your brain so you try to solve them...  Very good!!!
 ...what people say.  I don't care if Dan Brown isn't a great writer. Don't care if his grammar stinks.  What I do care about is that he is an outstanding story teller and no other author before or since has made me think and seek answers like Mr. Brown has.  Every one of his novels have sent me to researching; learning more about the world and it's secrets. I highly recommend this installment of the series.
 Those looking for a plot synopsis simply look at the back of the novel you're going to read.  If that doesn't wet your appetite, then simply follow the same formula that Dan Brown has been implementing in his books for years.  Take your hero (Robert Langdon) add an ancient/ mysterious cult group that is evil and trying to destroy civilization don't forget a dash of some femme fatale love interest and there you have it "The Lost Symbol" in a nut shell.  Oops i forgot to add the horrible writing and uninspiring characterization.  It doesn't bother me that the book was so bad.  I kind of expected it after "Angels and Demons" was a complete mirror image of the "Da Vinci Code". What irks me is that this book will sell millions of copies and not deserve all of its acclaim.  I'm all for people buying books and resurrecting the dying book business.  What I don't appreciate is that it takes a book as bad as this to do it.  Save your money and time and just re-read the "Da Vinci Code."
 Lost me right from the start when someone's hand got cut off and then later we find out it is a relative that did it! The hand is pointing up at something earth shatteringly important (so so ridiculous) with clichéd characters everywhere deciphering the new mystery. I know DVC is hard to beat but this is just silly and poorly put together. I'm just about to start Inferno and I hope its better!
 I was really looking forward to this latest from Dan Brown.  Although I thorough enjoyed "The DaVinci Code" with it's Italian setting and Catholic Church theme, "Angels and Demons" was also a provocative read.  I found "The Lost Symbol" to be much the same as "DaVinci" substituting Washington D.C. for Italy and the Masons for the Church.  Only this time, the newness is gone and there is much less suspense; the intrigue doesn't seem quite as intriguing. I found myself less invested in the characters. No longer the answer man, Robert Langdon takes a backseat to Katherine and Peter Solomon, and Director Sato.  Should the Langdon series continued, I may be less compelled to read the next one.
 I've read three of Dan Brown's books. The Lost Symbol was a drag for me for a number of reasons.<br/><br/> This story should have been told in a briefer manner. Many of the minute details including at what angle cars were parked outside(as an example) a home were just tedious and superfluous.<br/><br/>Besides the minutia there is a maddening amount of repeated information. The one character that has tatoos and body painting has the details  of those given nearly every time the character appears in the story. It seems that the author forgot between sit downs what he had detailed in previous chapters.
 I love all of Dan Browns previous books, and had high hopes for this one! It starts out great &amp; keeps you in suspense like his others, but then he puts in bogus science stuff. Even worse he then injects stupid bible scripture to go along with the bogus science! That's where it nose dived for me. Professor Langdon turns from a real skeptic &amp; scientist to a weak minded believer of anything.
 Didn't care for the way he ended the book. Rather anticlimactic I thought.
 This book will definitely make you think about what this life means to all of us! I really liked the book.
 Throughout most of the novel "The Lost Symbol," Robert Langdon questions what he is doing there. The reader can sympathasize. "The Lost Symbol" brings us back to Robert Langdon, the Harvard professor and symbologist in Washington DC searching for the Lost Word. Ironically, it reads like the previous Dan Brown books. All in one day, a random series of connected events, a crazied madman thinking he can solve the worlds evils with his actions, the hard ass government authority figure seeming to be against Langdon, the new security guard that does as he is told, the rich family that needs Roberts help, and the smart girl who finds solace in Robert and helps him along the way. It's the same book Dan Brown has recycled to a new city. It's a tired storyline and a disappointing addition to the Robert Langdon series, who quite frankly was just a bore in this novel. As Robert ponders how he got into this mess, we wonder the same thing. How did we get ourselves into this mess of a book? Save your money!
 Please spend your money elsewhere and be happy you didn't waste $10 on this thing.<br/><br/>The plot is so repititious it is a bore.  Find a clue, then run, chase, blood and more nonsense over and over again.<br/><br/>I'm sure this guy can write, but this isn't the one!
 Not up to the first two books of the series.  A lot more detail than needed detracts from a good story.
 It has to be absolutely one of the worst books I have ever read.  The plot twists you can see them coming a mile away.  The ending is so weak and stupid that it just doesn't make any sense.  If you still want to know what happens in Robert Langdon latest adventure I would suggest you wait for the movie; that way you will still waste some hours, but at least no more than two (hopefully)
 Hard to put down.
 What could have been a rehash of the wildly successful DaVinci Code ends up being a fresh story that stands on its own. Of course the main character is familiar but the drama, suspense, and mystery are all brand new.<br/><br/>The only reason this isn't a 5 star book is the underlying apology for the DaVinci Code that seems to unfold towards the end.<br/><br/>Other than that, I look forward to his next novel!
 The research that went into this book proved fantastic with all of the details and accuracy of the areas and locations of D.C. However, the story and timeline were just not there. Losing a hand and then having an action packed adventure in a single night? Really? Then the faked death of Langdon is followed by some ridiculous excuse for experimental underwater breathing chamber? I never finished the book because it was just so unrealistic. Yes, it is fiction, but the story was just not believable.
 The concept was interesting, and Dan Brown does a good job in sharing Langdon's views on Masonic orders.  But, the characters were like cardboard cutouts.  I could live with that, if the pacing had been fast (as in Da Vinci Code).  Unfortunately, the plot gets bogged down in elaborate description.  Then, once through the descriptive quagmire, the threads of the plot tended to resolve in a cliche manner.  Nevertheless, I enjoyed the book, even though it wasn't Dan Brown's best work to date.
 Dan Brown's book, as usual, contains adventure, architecture, anticipation, the astuteness of details.  As you read descriptions of characters, atmosphere, famous places, and action, you literally receive a visual as if your mind has became a movie screen filled with glorious color and movement.  As entertainment, The Lost Symbol is pure escapist fun.  Unfortunately, that fun became increasingly disrupted with the characters' ramblings straight from an ancient cult called The Gnostics.  This errant philosophy started around the time of Christ, and endures today.  Mr. Brown has a right to insert his persoanl philosophy into his writings as any author does, but there really needs to be a "warning" alert about this book.  Book burnings are just wrong, but to read this book without a critical analyzing process would also be wrong.  Gnostics worshipped knowledge above God, and believed that mankind should create God/god and then supercede Him/him through enlightenment.  The Judeo-Christian God was on the same level as the gods that the Greeks and romans invented.  The more knowledge a person has, the more god-like he becomes; until finally he is god!  At the very least, such a theology is arrogant.  It says that the pot is equal or superior to the potter who forms it from the clay.  If you enjoy a suspensful mystery, this book is for you, but if you prefer Judeo-Christian values, that theology is lost!
 Let me start out by saying that I admire Dan Brown (or any author capable of being published for that matter), and that I was completely captivated by this story for the past week and a half!  Then, all of the sudden - once the bad guys were revealed, and the day was saved - I noticed that there was another 50-60 pages to go!!  Unfortunately, there was little that interested me in those final pages, so when I finally finished I felt like the read wasn't nearly as pleasurable as it actually was.<br/>Basically, I loved this story right up until the climax - I literally couldn't wait to find out what happened next.  Then, when the storyline was wrapped up, the story turned into a boring/silly lesson on history and religion.  It's a shame because I couldn't tell enough people about how much I loved my new book - and now when people ask, I just won't portray the same enthusiasm.  It's definetely worth a read, just expect DB to do his thing and write way too much dialogue!!!
 After enjoying everything that Dan Brown has written to this point, I looked forward to the day that Lost Symbol would be available.  I bought it on the first day and after 3 weeks, I still have a few pages left.  It has not kept my attention or been the engaging, can't-wait-to-see-what-happens-next book that I expected.  In fact, I have not enjoyed it much at all.  It was clearly well researched but aside from that, it lacks the twisting plot and thriller suspension of his previous efforts. Dan, don't force out a book just to publish another one.
 Brown is going down familiar roads once again.  While I like the Langdon character, we don't cover any interesting ground in this novel.  In Angels &amp; Demons, the character is energetic, the history involved is compelling, and the plot is truly mysterious.  In this story, I didn't care. I found myself apathetic to the plot.  Some of the history is interesting, but not to the same level as his previous work.
 I have read all of Dan Browns books so far and this one just felt a little limp. It's not horrible but there are some issues for sure. With several small details that don't add up and Professor Robert Langdons character feeling a bit inconsistent throughout it really ended up being a small let down for me. Overall it was 'okay' but the story built up to a conclusion that didn't really seem to be all that important. More of just a fizzle at the end. It really felt like it was written with a movie producer hovering near by as well...
 I thoroughly enjoyed the read.  I enjoyed the pacing, the detailed information of science and history, art and geography, and the overall story and theme.  I don't normally write reviews, but felt compelled to simply comment on one thing.  There is a passage that states that some are creators and some are destroyers.  That can always be seen in reviews on sites such as this where too many people feel the need to expound upon their pretentious opinions.  Everyone has an opinion and a great thing about art, books, and movies is that they spark thought and emotion in the people that view them.  They cause us to think, be moved, and even inspire.  Some are simply there to entertain.  Just remember, it's much easier to be a destroyer and go around tearing down another's hard work than to be a creator and add something of your own to society.  Enjoy things for what they are, and don't take entertainment so seriously.
 Dan Brown has had a very definite agenda in his last several books, one that is decidedly anti-Christian and pro-New Age.  "The Lost Symbol" is no exception, and in fact, is even more blatant in some ways than "The Da Vinci Code".  I'm actually surprised that some readers believed this book would not offend Christians and, furthermore, thought that its conclusion was an embrace of Christianity.<br/><br/>In truth, Brown deceptively tries to undermine basic Christian beliefs by taking Biblical scriptures out of context and saying they prove that we can be gods ourselves, if only we could harness the full potential of our minds.  This is a dangerous New Age belief that has nothing in common with Christianity.  He also states that all religions commonly share the same truth, which is that we can be gods, and that Armageddon is not the end of the world but rather a period of enlightenment in which we finally realize our potential to be god-like.<br/><br/>Christianity teaches us that there is only one God, who sent his Son Jesus (fully God and fully man) to save us from our sins because we can't save ourselves, and that the ONLY way to salvation is through a personal belief in and relationship with Jesus (John 3:16, John 14:6).  New Age believers want to convince us that all roads lead to Heaven, but God himself, through Scripture, says otherwise.<br/><br/>One additional point:  People have complained about the annoying plot device Brown uses repeatedly in which his protagonist, Robert Langdon, refuses to believe unlikely ideas or myths until a few pages later when they are always proven to be true.  While this device quickly becomes tedious, I think Brown may be using it for a more deceptive purpose:  If the protagonist, a well-educated intellectual, can be wrong about his religious beliefs, perhaps the reader will wonder if he or she might be also.  It is an overly amateurish concept and yet, perhaps through repetition, it is effective enough to actually cause some Christians to question their basic beliefs.  Don't let Dan Brown's New Age beliefs fool you.
 Dan Brown is searching for symbols that lead us to greater truths - he searched too hard and found to little truth that is new or unusual.  SPOILER - really  - as though we already don't realize we have untapped mental powers, that the grace of God is within us all -  that we have great potential we have not reached.  He took a bunch of symbols apparently placed around DC like a high school scavenger hunt that made our forefathers look like they had nothing better to do than act like an  elitiest boyscout secret society that hid secret messages in an attempt to make themselves feel more special and intelligent that the rest of us. And at the end of the night a man who had just been tortured and had his hand cut off and a woman who had a vein opened to bleed to death just hop around DC as though they just woke up from a nap.  I want the past few hours back.
 I have been reading several books by Dan Brown. I really admire his knowledge but this "The Lost Symbol" is disappointed. It's just like a copy of Davinci Code with too much description on some specific things. Maybe he ran out of new ideas.
 Good story line
 I want to start off my review by saying that I enjoyed A&amp;D and DVC.  I know that Dan Brown is not a literary genius, but I read thrillers to be entertained and his books are quick, page-turning reads.  That being said, this is the worst book I have ever read.  I waited a few days to write a review because I thought I might have been so disappointed due to the book not living up to all the "hype", but no this is just plain old garbage.  Here are a few of the problems I had with it:<br/>1) When I read thrillers I relax and read without seriously trying to predict what is going to happen.  Within the first few chapters of this book I had already correctly guessed where they were going to end up in the end.  And as I continued reading, I saw many of the "twists" coming.<br/>2) There are so many plot inaccuracies in this book it is an insult to the readers.  I won't go into detail about them just in case anyone after reading these reviews still decides to read it (even thought it is not even worth it to read it for a laugh IMO) but ugh!<br/>3) Just like the DVC this book starts off slow, however it never really speeds up.  There is just too much information given to us and at least half of it is not needed, it just bogs down the action.<br/>4) The pseudo-science in this book is just too much for me to take.  If you have read the secret and liked that maybe you can take it but I just found it a cop-out and very disappointing.<br/>5) What I like about Dan Brown's books are that they could "almost" be true.  Yes I know there is no way they could but in your mind you could almost imagine it happening.  That's what made it fun, wanting to look up a picture of The Last Supper and all the other little "facts" in the books.  This book has none of that drive, which is ironic considering how much information is thrown at you in the book.<br/>6) The ending is so cheesy I am embarrassed for Dan Brown.  Again I won't go into it in case you are still thinking about reading it.<br/>So to sum it up: If you are thinking about reading this book because you liked A&amp;D and/or DVC don't bother.  It is a watered down mess that I can't believe took 6 years to make.
 Had I read this book before having read "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels and Demons" I would probably give it five stars.  It's in the Dan Brown formula, and that formula works.  But the novelty is gone.  There are also a few unnecessary pages as several folks have pointed out. I still highly recommend it, though.  It'll suck you in, and you'll have a good ride.(g)  If you're not into metaphysics (&amp; physics) it may also open your eyes to some new ideas. In any case, read and enjoy.
 I felt I needed to finish it, but I want my hours back. This was excruciating, yes, that bad.<br/>I doubt I will ever read another Dan Brown book.
 It seems to be a universal law that if a writer has a huge success, his succeeding book will be universally slighted, sneered at and depreciated.  Actually, in many ways Lost Symbol improves on Da Vinci Code (which revolutionized my attitudes about Christ and Christianity in its present phallocentric, political incarnation).  Lost Symbol is set in Washington, DC, a city I've always seen as an oppressive network of crushing bureaucracies -- i.e., boring.  But Brown digs under this view to find a Washington that is both extremely interesting and exceedingly strange:  Washington is actually a wheel with turning spokes of influence taking us into the future or a vortex of spheres of power whirling in some kind of strange and dynamic synchronicity.  The book deals with a Washington in which the CIA tries to save democracy (isn't this the FBI's job?), where basements and subbasements extend into levels beneath levels, a symbology of historic complexity rendered concrete with a lot of taxpayer money.  The action goes from the Capitol -- seen in almost surreal terms which make what for most of us is a familiar cliche new and strange -- to the Library of Congress to the Smithsonian Institution to the National Cathedral, and other locales, all institutions which have been developed on a scale never yet seen in terms of architecture and collections of books, art and scientific specimens, technology, etc., that bogle the mind in terms of extent, inclusiveness, etc. The main motif, that the early Federalists of note (Jefferson, Washington, Benjamin Franklin, L'Enfant, etal.) were Freemasons, an association not incidental to  putting together a unique form of government on the basis of a humanistic philosophy, is beautifully developed and unless you are the kind of reader who merely wants to gallop from acts of violence to gratuitous sex acts, Brown's development of the importance of the Freemasons, their philosophy and imprint on democracy is intensely interesting and certainly something that every history class I ever took never thought to mention, much less develop as possibly significant in the development of a deistic republic based on a meritocracy (along with the anomalies -- slaves built the Capitol and the early government buildings) is left to Brown to expand on and to bring into the present in the person of his female scientist who is on the cutting edge of noetic research, the next evolution of science away from the mechanistic and the materialistic and even the Einsteinian view that space and time are actual facts rather than descriptions or thought-energy we use to navigate reality.  This book is also extremely witty (i.e., note the many ways Langdon's claustrophobia comes up!) and the characters are not undeveloped, they are simply developed as aspects of their driving motivations and ideas.  Brown adheres to his Da Vinci formula but also turns it on its head with his latest superman villain/everyman megalomaniac.  Robert Langdon is a witty take on the usual hero of this genre.  Academically gifted and omniverously curious, he is also a determined naive rationalist, even while he solves a puzzle under threat of imminent death! This is a genre novel with a difference. Brown has used the genre to reach a huge audience with ideas that need to be diffused NOW. I suppose some people will be tempted to skip the last few chapters after the denouement and the epilogue.  I suggest these are the core of the book and maybe should be re-read.
 Not one of my faves.  There is too much time with the villain who got to just be annoying.  Just to much going on.  A simpler book would have made for a better story.
 Beautifully written.  Gripping nonstop action and Hard to Put Down!<br/>This book inspired me to study more heavily in the world of Freemasonry and the Illuminati.<br/>At the top of my list amoung all-time favorite novels.
 I first read the DaVinci Code and thought it was a decent beach reading book ala John Grisham. After reading Angels and Demons and now The Lost Symbol, I found out they are all the same book with slight variations. The Lost Symbol was the poorest of the lot. I couldn't wait for chapters to end; fist because i thought I would get some questions answered and then just to move on.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has obviously become a legend in his own mind. For the life of me I don't understand how anyone could give any book more than 2 stars. This one didn't rate that. Like James Patterson and Robert Ludlum, I will not waste my time reading another Dan Brown book.
 I feverishly read this novel in one sitting.. well almost.  I couldn't bring myself to get past the dry rubbish in the last 20-30 pages after the rescue..  It was so absolutely painful to complete reading this book.  I'd recommend to another to read until the point of rescue and forgo the rest.
 I listened to this book on CD. This book is so silly that it was great listen to on a road trip so that I could make fun of the bad writing and laugh my head off.  When he starts preaching the Gospel according to Dan Brown toward the end of the CD I just turned it off. I'm so glad that I had checked this out at the library and not spent money on it, otherwise I wouldn't think it was so funny.
 May be the best of Dan Browns work.
 I read this book a while ago as a follow-up to the DaVinci Code and have been meaning to review it for some time. This one features a maniac who is a master of ancient symbology and will stop at nothing to fulfill his own fate-dealt prophecy -- and he definitely gives the master symbologist, Robert Langdon, a run for his money.  Whereas it had as many twists and turns as DaVinci Code, I would say it's almost as good but not quite as good as the blockbuster.  But I would still recommend it as a great suspense novel.
 Interesting setting and environment. The premise is a oversold, and the antagonist is overdone. The 'national crisis' is a glorified political crisis. There is no believable danger to the nation.
 I think it has taken quite a few years for Brown to finish The Lost Symbol and I do wonder just why it took so long.  Overall I found it to be a B- thriller (3 stars) and I'm being more than generous.  If you read the Da Vinci Code you will find that The Lost Symbol is very similiar except that it takes place in Washington, D.C. and not in Rome.  Harvard Symbologist Langdon is summoned to Washington by his friend and encounters the dead hand pointing up to the Rotunda.  Just like in Da Vinci, in fact the whole book uses the same formula and structure--although there is much more action.  But it does get to be stupid with this 50 year old Harvard Professor doing his own stunts...c'mon the guy is definitely NOT Special Forces--he's a 50 year old Harvard Professor. Very difficult to believe some of it.<br/><br/>Anyway, if you read Da Vinci Code you can easily predict what is going to happen next and it does get pretty boring.  It is a nice little read if you don't think about what you are reading.  It's a thriller, not literature but Brown's writing definitely needs a skilled editor to finesse his writing. I had to force myself to finish it. Your mileage may vary, but I find this book way over-hyped.<br/><br/>But, maybe if you are in a plane or a train or a bus with a few hours to kill--this is good entertainment.
 I gave Symbol two stars because of weak science, two dimensional characters, and a feeling I hade read the book previously ( similarity to DaVinci Code).<br/>However, if you Google "Lost Symbol", you get the following result as the lead for the Amazon site:<br/><br/>"The Lost Symbol (9780385504225): Dan Brown: Books5.0 out of 5 stars The Lost Symbol Review"<br/><br/>Where is Amazon coming from on this?
 Two thirds of the way into the Lost Symbol- I was enjoying it... but then, it started to lose its way. It was almost as if Dan Brown got to that point in the story and was like "oh crap - now how can I end this???" .. to me, it was like he had all these great ideas leading up to a couple of mysterious revelations (what was on the laptop, what was the treasure) and bammo - didn't know what they were himself so came up with sub-par drivel instead--- lame ass shizz.<br/><br/>I'm thoroughly and utterly let down. I was enjoying it... and then, the sizzle died suddenly and - sigh, what absolute drivel.<br/><br/>He almost had it though. He needed another year or 2 on this.... take his time and come up with a better laptop revelation, a better mysteries revelation.... cut out the waterboarding, sigh, ... oh Dan, man, you let us down.....
 Every once in a while I like to read popular Fiction to expand my connection with the everyday reader. Dan Browns new work fits all the criterion that I would assign to a work of fiction. Exciting, thoughtful, and captivating.<br/><br/>This book has lead me to the decision to pick up the Hebrew Bible, and the New Testament to look for clues that are hidden within its contents.<br/><br/>The book is a great read, and I would recommend it for the thinking person, as well as the reader looking for a thrilling ride!
 So this audio book was recommended to me as Dan Brown's best work, so I thought I would give him a try .... I put it aside in the third CD ... one-dimensional characters, predictable plot, far-fetched villain, and insipid new age sugary philosophy.  What garbage.  I'm just glad I rented it from the library, instead of paying for this over-hyped waste of time.
 This is a great read. Dan Brown continues to weave his detailed,artful web. It was nice to have a change of venue, seeing Robert Langdon work outside the realm of the Vatican and religious-centric foes. Just don't pick it up until you are ready, because it is hard to put this one down.
 I loved this book! It was exciting, had a diverse group of characters and a compelling plot.<br/>It really gets you thinking about the meaning of symbols, Masonry, noetics and the power<br/>that runs through everything that we often overlook. It will be a great movie. Read this book...<br/>you'll enjoy it, and learn a lot along the way.
 As a thriller the book was moderately entertaining, even though some plot twists are hardly surprising, and the scavenger hunt gets tiresome at times. It is, however, necessary to completely suspend your disbelief.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, I could not really recommend the book to most readers. Having been a defender of the first two Robert Langdon books, I expected this one to treat freemasonry with the same level of suspicion as it did Christianity. I thought, for the sake of a good plot, it is all right to spin a yarn constructing a massive conspiracy theory that casts fairly innocent actions in a dubious light, especially if applied in equal measure to all your subjects. However, the veneration that Langdon (as Dan Brown's voice) shows for freemasonry casts my former perspective into doubt. Even practices that could very easily be portrayed as sinister are defended to such a degree that I fully expected a masonic membership application at the end of the book.<br/><br/>I have to admit that I felt offended at times. The idea of drinking wine from a skull as opposed to a chalice during communion simply is not the same thing, no matter how often Langdon claims it is symbolically identical.<br/><br/>For these reasons, as well as the ludicrous brevity of many chapters and the outdated cliff-hanger style, I cannot award more than two stars.
 A nice action read.  The story steps off fast and keeps moving to a finale that's a bit of a surprise.  Lots of interesting historic information about our founding fathers, their ties to the Masonic beliefs and culture.
 I listened to this book on tape and was so glad I had other things to do while listening.  Aside from the DC and the Freemasonry historical references, which I did find interesting initially, but repetitive and preachy, I think the rest was cliche: the villain always one step ahead, bloodthirsty, and almost invincible; the hero stumbling in the dark; the CIA - now that actually, of everything in the book, surprised me in turning out to be the "Good Guys" - though why couldn't they tell the hero at the start; and last and least the denouement - Of course that's where it would be and what would be there...what a let down.
 I must say without a doubt Dan Brown is becoming my favorite author!! I found this book to be GREAT. I thought the story was interesting it kept my entertained right til the end!! He is going to have to get on the ball and get more books written!!!! Though I am ok with rereading the ones I have already read!!! Such a very smart man!!! One of the greatest writers of all time!!! A+++++++++++++++++++++
 Boggles the mind. I will buy this in hard copy!  Even better than DaVinci Code. Definitely deserves several re-reads.  Thank you!
 Well, we all knew it - The Davinci Code would be almost impossible to surpass. While Brown's follow up story is interesting and informative, I suddenly realized that Langdon is boring. Boring, boring, boring. He spouts informative tidbits throughout the book but seems a little, oh I don't know, souless. I guess the only reason I finished the book was because I was REALLY wanting the other shoe to drop and thoroughly surprise me. Ho Hum!
 After reading a few of the other reviews of Dan Brown's latest offering, The Lost Symbol, I was confused and began wondering if some of these people read the same book I did.  In all honesty, I found it to be an incredible feat of thematic storytelling, blending all of the elements that made The DaVinci Code such a sensational success with a riveting new tale centered in the Capitol of The United States.<br/><br/>Brown's ability to seamlessly weave historical fact with a fictional tale that is so realistic that you find yourself questioning where the line actually is between what is true and what is invention.  That ability is a rare talent that Brown has obviously mastered in this most current work.<br/><br/>Written as a disconnected sequel to The DaVinci Code, The Lost Symbol follows the Indiana Jones-like journey of Robert Langdon as he scours the land and landmarks of present-day Washington D.C. in a rapidly accelerating quest to solve a mysterious Masonic puzzle.  It's fast-moving and, at times, simply amazing in the revelations that are uncovered; Many of which are based in fact.  The story itself is mesmerizing, although it does follow the same basic literary formula as Brown's preceding works.  However, that fact does not detract from the story in any way and, in fact, emphasizes Brown's signature style.  If you're a fan of his previous BOOKS (not the watered-down film versions), then you're sure to love this latest installment of the continuing adventures of Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>Regarding the negative reviews, I certainly respect the opinions of others, provided they explain their point of view and not just spit out some mindless blather about how "it sucked" or "it's just like the DaVinci Code".  For the masses that enjoyed Brown's previous work, The Lost Symbol is a clear winner.
 This book may work well as a thriller for the movies, but its predictable final has a "final surprise" that is incoherent with what is said in the first half of the book. After the solution of the case, there is a long and boring final chapter that seems only to try to get some simpaty from christian people and the Church. It is only a shade of the "Da Vinci Code", nothing more.
 I was honestly a little disappointed with this one. It was very violent, and focused a little too much on drowning for my taste. I also wasn't buying the Noetic science or the apotheosis. Katherine got on my nerves, and Mal'akh was way too evil for really no reason. That being said, it was very creative, and Dan Brown really did his homework. Langdon was brilliant, as usual. Worth the read if you're a Dan Brown or Robert Langdon fan, but otherwise, it isn't phenomenal.
 I have read all Dan Brown novels, and I must shamefully admit that I had been waiting impatiently for The Lost Symbol. I was excited that he was going to tackle the Free Mason angle, and was so looking forward to see his new creation that I was trying to get glimpses and clues on the Internet before publication, something I usually do not do. Dan Brown builds usually on very original ideas, and can convince you of the reality of the facts he uses. You turn pages and feel informed while entertained.<br/>Not this time. The story is bland, barely believable and the characters very shallow and repetitive. I had difficulty in reading it to the end, but when I did, I was even more disapointed by it: Barely believable and asinine.<br/>Sorry Mr. Brown. Hope this was a one time fluke.
 As always Brown weaves an intriguing tale that blends science and faith. Unfortunately his very lengthy and overly descriptive verse punctuated with repetition and detailed back story was frustrating. I don't need every detail to enjoy or understand a story.
 I have been reading a lot of these reviews from others who have read this book. I disagree with almost all of them. One reviewer stated that it was "fast paced, as the DaVince Code was," yet I found it very slow paced, especially at the beginning. It went on and on about why Robert Langdon was in D.C. and all the background on how he was called there and the relationships with Peter Solomon and his sister, etc., to the point that I was about ready to abandon it if it did not get more interesting and thankfully, it finally did, but took a long, rambling path to get to that point, but it wasn't all in vain and a waste of time, as the action did pick up slightly after the hand was discovered, but it still took about the entire book to get to an answer that wasn't that hard to figure out, as we all know it anyway, and I had figured it out well before the end, not everything, of course, but what the "secret word" was, as I am sure most everyone did. I admit it is made up of many, many small chapters, as another reviewer pointed out, a couple of them just one page, and most of them anywhere from one and a half pages to three or four, very rarely any over that many pages, but hey, a chapter is just a number and can literally be ignored, they don't mean anything except to let you know that the story is going to jump to another part, with some of the other characters featured rather than the one you are currently reading about. In spite of all of this, it is an entertaining read, if it had not been, all of these negative reviewers would not have finished reading it!  All the puzzles and symbols got a little tiring, but they were very interesting and are part of the plot so had to be there. And as always, with all of his books, he leaves you wondering how much is made up (fiction) and how much is really true, especially when dealing with the Masons. We hear so much about the secret rites and initiations in that organization that we really don't know what the truth is about them, and my husband is a Mason, has been for forty years and I still know nothing at all about what goes on at their meetings or teh initiations!  Of course, he denies most of the "secrets" that this book "tells" about them. I only know, and know it first hand, that the organization does do a LOT of good works, especially where children are concerned. I know that the Scottish Rite Hospitals does tremendous work for burn victims and without payment if necessary. They also help crippled children without payment. A nephew of my husband's family who was born crippled was taken care of for years and fitted with needed leg braces free of charge, so I cannot say anything bad about the Masons and Shriners. My husband is a Shriner(which is just another degree of Free Masonry, I think) and has driven the buses that take burned children from our home state to Cincinnati,OH numerous times to be treated there. As for this book by Dan Brown, it has been described here as not being "great literature."  Tell me, please, just what is "Great literature?"<br/>I have been reading all of my life and have read books in all genres. To be honest, I still can't answer that question accurately. I have read books that are supposed to be "great literature" like "War and Peace" "The Quincunx"(worst, most boring book in the world, bored me to insanity almost, my recommendation: Don't read it, it is lousy) "Madame Bovary" and many others that some call "Great Literature." Well, frankly, I don't know what is so "great" about them, they are usually always very boring.  And whether he (Dan Brown)is supposed to be a great writer or not, judging by the number of books he has written and how long "The DaVinci Code" stayed on the best seller lists, he must be doing something right and evidently people buy and read his books, so what makes him different or judged as "not a good writer?" Seems a lot of people consider him good enough to look forward to and enjoy his books. I certainly do and I liked the story he has written in this book and found it very entertaining and a really good mystery isn't that why we read a book? To be entertained and get enjoyment from reading it? I experienced both of these emotions so I consider it a "good book!" And as for Brown's writing skills, they seem as good as any other author that I have read, they tell a story and make it clear and concise through the words that are used, and what else makes a "good writer," pray tell? And he usually wraps it all up neatly at the end, so what more do you want? I was satisfied with "THE LOST SYMBOL" and not sorry that I have read it, in spite of the rather slow beginning. It got very interesting farther into it. Is "Gone With The Wind" considered "great literature?" Or does it have to be a very, very old book and boring, to be considered "great literature? I am on a Forum about great literature and it is surprising at the number of "book snobs" on that Forum who seem to think that if a book isn't old and boring or translated from some Asian language, like Japanese or Chinese, it isn't worth reading and only "not very intelligent" people read books that do not fall into that category. I think they are just trying to impress others with their own "intelligence" which can be seen very plainly in their postings isn't really that great at all. They actually appear to be very unintelligent with some of their rambling postings about "the translations" instead of being about the books and the content and the stories that the books tell. It is people like that that is constantly putting Dan Brown's books down.<br/><br/>Alphia D. Larkins
 With so many reviews out there, I'll make this one short and sweet. If you liked Brown's previous books this one will probably interest you. His destination this time around was the US which made it more interesting for me but I will always have a hard time reading his books because of his antagonistic nature towards Christianity, but you know you are going to get that with him going into it.
 This has got to be the worst piece of dreck that I have ever read.  Really people, is there anything in this fat tome that is even remotely possible or believable?<br/>  Robert Langdon has got to be the dumbest history professor of all time. Does this guy know anything or even how to solve the most rudimental problems? This story was like the movie Avatar.  It borrowed (and borrowed poorly) from almost every other thriller book and movie ever made.  The charaters are about as flat as my 10 yr old niece's chest.<br/>  Oh, and I swear to God that the word CHUCKLE is used on almost every page! I'm not kidding people. Chuckle,Chuckle...everywhere and not another laugh I think.<br/>  The ending was a complete let down, and did not anyone NOT figure out the identity of the bad guy, I mean could Dan Brown possibley give you any more any clues? I don't think so. Arrrgh!<br/>  What really pisses me off is that I finished it thinking that it would have to get better, but alas no. Woe is me. The writing seemed to degernerate down into a swirling mass of cliches and stupid religious dogma.<br/> Do not waste money on this book. As a matter of fact just leave Dan Brown off of your reading list, period.<br/><br/>2
 Another physically freakish villain kills off unsuspecting secondary characters as he chases two-dimensional family members around D.C. landmarks to uncover a silly string of Masonic codes and magic squares which lead to...absolutely nothing!   ...]
 Loved the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons. Hated this book. Learned a lot about architecture but the story was terrible and completely boring, although the premise is something to think about.
 This was soooooo unbelievably boring, i am surprised i didn't fall into some sort of coma after slogging my way to the end. And thinking my efforts of staying awake would somehow be rewarded.........absolutely not! And to think i will never get the time i wasted reading this drivel back again. Ye gods, i wish i had have counted the number of grains of sand in a builders yard. Seriously, dont waste your time on this book.........no, PLEASE dont, you owe it to yourself and family not to!
 If you're looking for Dan Brown, you'll find him in his latest book, the Lost Symbol.  I enjoy reading books for the worlds they create, stepping into early 1900's Cornwall, I'll opt for a Morton or Austen book; looking for legal intrigue I'll pick up Grisham; in the mood for a magical adventure, J.K. Rowling or Johnathon Stroud.  Finally, for symbolism and intrigue, Dan Brown's my guy.  The Lost Symbol pulled me in and kept me focused from start to finish.  I'm always looking for an interesting journey in reading and never a swash buckling end.  I purchase a book to fulfill me at every turn of the page.  Each time I picked up the Lost Symbol I was transported and entertained - difficult to do when you only have a few minutes here or there to read.  Some say the latter half of the book is a bit dry - I have to disagree, albeit the latter half is more enjoyable when you have a quiet space to mull over the discussions of science and religion.
 Another great Robert Langdon mystery! A must read. Looking forward to next good book. Reads quickly, keeps fast paced throughout!
 I admit my husband and I had a hard time getting through the first two chapters: another dead body part in the midst of another revered location.  But as we read further we both got hooked.  Brown seems to link the characters and the plot together a little better than in his first two books. It's also a great way to learn a little bit about Wahington DC, especially if you haven't been there. We read the book with our lap tops by our sides, looking up photos of the various buildings, monuments, art work and sculptures mentioned in the book as we went.  The Lost Symbol is a great 'faction' read and as good as any other source of mindless entertainment.
 Much like a zillion other people who will buy this book, I anticipated a fast-paced pager turner.  I pre-ordered, looked forward to its release and read it almost straight through without pause.  If nothing else, Dan's books are easy to read.<br/><br/>Overall, I was disappointed.  It is nowhere near as good as his last bestseller.<br/><br/>Reasons:<br/><br/>1. No controversy. Come-on, Dan, where's the "real dirt" on the Masons? I was expecting "fireworks". You didn't hesitate to take on the Catholic Church, yet the "all-powerful" Masons gave you pause? Come on.<br/><br/>2. Nothing new. I'm pretty sure that I saw every tidbit of his research on one of several dozen History Channel documentaries.<br/><br/>3. A bit preachy. Especially towards the end. Come on, the big "treasure", the much sought after "word", is a bible? OMG.<br/><br/>4. Evil son. Come on. I have to imagine that every reader with a pulse saw this coming at about chapter 27.<br/><br/>5. Mason ceremonies. Maybe I'm just jaded, but I think Dan was more impressed, and even frightened, by the "secret" ceremonies that I am. The details provided were redundant, and not scary at all. Silly maybe.<br/><br/>6. CIA involvement. National security is at stake because our "enemies" will see select government and political elite talking so scarily about killing, death and the like during Masonic rites. Are you kidding me? I couldn't help but think about the "lodge" segments in Flintstone cartoons I watched as a kid. Sinister?  Professional D &amp; D by successful geeks, dorks and members of the lucky sperm club, maybe.<br/><br/>7. Tom Hanks. I simply cannot get him out of my mind.  As I'm reading, in my mind, I see Tom acting out the lines.  Painful indeed.
 Forget what all the "wanna be" literary critics say to put down this book. It's just a fiction thriller that keeps you turning the pages wondering what's going to happen next. It's great for escaping reality. It's just plain good fiction. I don't care about the historical accuracy that some question. I just enjoyed the book for keeping my attention. Hope the movie is just as fun.
 Dan Brown books are always exciting -- I enjoyed The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons however controversial they may be. I even watched the movies based on these books. I would rate this book at 5 stars but because of Kindle DRM I must rate it 1 star. Digital Restrictions Management or Digital Rights Management as DRM vendors call it restrict users freedoms and fair use rights. Earlier this year (2009) Amazon had a public relations nightmare when they remotely and automatically deleted George Orwell's 1984 book off of Kindles without the Kindle owners permission. This was after Amazon apparently realized they were licensed the right to sell electronic copies of the book from a company that did not have the right to license it to them. Instead of just removing it from the Kindle Store they removed it from all Kindles and one student using the book in a class who was keeping notes not only lost his copy of the book but all his notes and began suing Amazon. No company should have such power -- DRM needs to become socially unacceptable and some advances in making it so have fortunately already occurred.
 Basically a rehash of the Da Vinci Code, but not nearly as good. Much in this book struck me as preposterous. The characters recover from terrible situations, and even mutilations, in a matter of minutes. The last 50 pages of the book are so slow I seriously considered not reading them. The only good thing is since I checked it out from the library I have no financial pain.
 Worth a read if you are a big Dan Brown fan. Definitely does not live up to the Da Vinci code. Overall a very average novel.
 While I loved Angles and Demons .. liked the DaVinci Code .. the Lost Symbol left me lost.  I was disapointed in the lack luster role given to Robert Langdon.  I agree with the idea of looking into ones self in order to find a greater connection with God ... but I felt the plot of the Lost Symbol never really got off the ground and for some reason Langdon just seemed to be playing stupid in this novel.  I will not recommend to anyone.
 "Formulaic" is pretty much it in a nutshell. Brown has a profitable formula going for himself, but that's about all. "The Da Vinci Code" really grabbed the public, but it was the second book about Robert Langdon's adventures. The first one, "Angels and Demons" rode on the coat-tails of "The Da Vinci Code" success and "The Lost Symbol" wouldn't be able to stand on its own either without Brown's homerun w/ "Code." No, Brown is not a particularly good writer, but he knows how to crank out best-sellers based on what's already been successful and he has terrific people doing the marketing. In terms of "awesome," "unpredictable," and "edge of your seat," been there, done that with "The Da Vinci Code." Now, I'm just yawning . . .
 I was hoping this book would measure up to the Da Vinci Code and spare the reader of the blasphemy.  I guess I should be happy with one out of two.  Washington DC isn't Rome, and the plot is pretty weak.  Looking forward to Inferno.
 Disappointing, The further along in the story I went, the more I started skipping ahead. I absolutely cannot believe the number of times whole scenes and conversations were repeated with only minor variations. The villain was so cartoonish he did everything except utter 'Muuuwaahhaha'. My response to the secrets the characters supposedly discovered were 'who cares' and 'you have got to be kidding me'. There wasn't much to like in this book.
 Avoid this rambling book
 I loved the previous two Robert Langdon novels. The hype surrounding this book probably contributed to a let down. The Symbol was a good story, but far from the level of intrigue Dan Brown got us used to. The characters and plot seemed unfresh here. Langdon didn't seem as interesting and there was altogether a lot of lecturing instead of the rich facts contributing to an effective imagination. I'd likely give this book better ratings if the expectations weren't set so high. That said, it's a decent read.
 Unfortunately any slop Dan Brown writes is guaranteed to reach the top of the bestseller list.  "The Lost Symbol" is no exception.  Brown phones it in by plagiarizing his own work, notably "Angels and Demons." Langdon teams up with alluring female sidekick! They tear around a city while being tracked by The Man! See as they race against the clock to get to Reveal A Secret while fighting a physically freakish, comically evil antagonist! As a special added bonus, the plot twists are so absurd that the reader may be tempted to hurl the book out the window. I wish I could give it zero stars but apparently that's not an option on Amazon.
 I am a fan of Dan Brown's. I enjoy reading his books. I found myself drawn in by the research on noetic science and the symbolism contained within Washington. The description of the older buildings and the Washington Monument is superb and made me feel like I was in the scene. I found that I could not put this book down. The pace was good, and I enjoyed the various twists and turns contained within the plot. John F. Kenealy, Author-THE CHALICE
 It took me 3 days to read this book. By the page 200 I knew exactly how it was going to end. I just read it fast to make sure I was right. And I was: 100%. But it was better than Deception Point, since I couldn't read more than 40 pages of the book. He uses the same formula, it's like reading The Da Vinci Code with just a different scenario. Solomon x Sauniere, Silas x Mal'akh. No creativiy!Do you know that Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh (again?) wrote a book about the FreeMasons: "The Temple and The Lodge"? <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Temple-and-the-Lodge/dp/1559701269/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Temple and the Lodge</a>. As Einstein said: "The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources".
 I can never get those wasted hours back.  Far too contrived to be interesting.  Only the characters are surprised by one of the puported plot twists.  Fortunately, I was loaned the book, or I'd feel cheated.
 Let's see there Robert Langdon the ever so bland, tweed jacketed protagonist that every female protagonist in the books seems to have some sort of ambiguous romantic connection with.  A couple of characters who you are not sure whose side they are on and of course the gimp-like S&amp;M, muscular religious psychopath.  How many of these books can we take?  I can't take anymore.  The plot was a ridiculously jumbled mass of history and legend.  The book should have probably ended 100 pages earlier.  I would rather read a Nicholas Sparks book before reading another Dan Brown book (and that is REALLY bad).
 BEVERLY HILLS--Dan Brown's "DaVinci Code" was followed by "Angels and Demons." Already the first five million books of his novel "The Lost Symbol" in hardcover is virtually sold out and surely Ron Howard will be putting the fascinating fictional story on film.<br/><br/>"The Lost Symbol" is a brilliant and compelling thriller. Dan Brown's prodigious talent for storytelling, infused with history, codes and intrigue, is on full display in this new book. This is one of the most anticipated publications in recent history, and it was well worth the wait," said Sonny Mehta, Chairman and Editor in Chief of the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group.<br/><br/>"The Lost Symbol" once again features the unforgettable protagonist, Robert Langdon in a story that jumps off the page and rivals the previous two novels. I think this book is perhaps better than the other two because Brown was able to perfect his story and I feel like I finally know Robert Langdon in this book.<br/><br/>Without giving the ending away, I'll say when the story begins, the Harvard professor Langdon, who is a symbologist is summoned to deliver an evening lecture in the U.S. Capitol Building. Within a short period of time upon his arrival, the night takes a shocking but expected turn for the readers. Langdon starts to recognize an object as an ancient invitation, one meant to usher its recipient onto a long, lost world of esoteric wisdom. Not surprisingly murders ensue and the protagonist Langdon is thrust into a supernatural story that follows much of the author's imagination to a stunning climax.<br/><br/>The 500 page book is never boring and the story moves in a typical Brown fast pace. This book is a must-read for Dan Brown fans and the theme that the books are better than the films probably will continue with this read.
 It wasn't as good as either Angels and Demons, or the Da Vinci Code.  But good nonetheless.  I fully appreciate other critiques.  However, I took a lighthearted approach to the story, and allowed myself to enjoy the adventurous ride it offers.  After all, it is not only a fictional novel, but a fantasy.  It was most difficult to wrap all of the symbology, philosophy, theology, US history and DC geology into this story.  I can understand where Atheists, fundamentalists and neocons (who believe this is an exclusively  Christian nation) would have qualms over the story.  The book stands for the proposition that the "one nation under God", is not about Jesus Christ, but God in the form of evolved human beings and co-creators.  That's a stretch for many.  Dan Brown did miss one very important theological point and symbol, however: The "WORD" , according to Hindus and Buddhists is the vibrational energy of the Universe.  It is replicated in the chant of AUM, or OM.  Christianity believes  the "WORD" was made flesh when the Universal Love (i.e. God) took form through Jesus Christ.  But I can forgive Brown for this oversight.  The book could have been 100 pages shorter.  And how the lead characters could do all they did at the end after all they went through during the previous 24 hours, is unimaginable; but it just goes to confirm that it is a fantasy. But is was a fun read.  I also think it was written for a more juvenile audience than for high caliber literary critics. I give it 3 out of 5 stars.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a>
 Dan Brown's new book, "The Lost Symbol" sold one million copies the first day it hit bookshelves and on-line booksellers for a good reason. It's a fabulous roller coaster ride written by one of the most entertaining authors to have ever put a pen to paper.<br/><br/>In addition to a smooth writing style, Brown's meticulous research and unfailing attention to detail are what sets him apart from most of his contemporaries.<br/><br/>You'd have to be living under a rock for the past several years not to be familiar with Robert Langdon, Brown's mega-smart Harvard symbologist, and the hero of "The DaVinci Code" and "Angels and Demons."<br/><br/>Langdon's best friend and mentor Peter Solomon, the wealthy scion and head of the Smithsonian Institute, urgently needs him to speak at a gala held every year to honor the institute's most generous donors.<br/><br/>"The problem is this," Solomon's able assistant pleads with Langdon. "Our speaker has fallen ill and has just informed us she will be unable to give the address. ... This means we are desperate for a replacement speaker and Mr. Solomon is hoping you would consider filling in."<br/><br/>Solomon's office sends a private plane and arranges for a limo to deliver Langdon to the National Statuary Hall, "the best room in all of D.C.," for the speech.<br/><br/>Imagine Langdon's surprise when he arrives at his destination and discovers he's alone in the great hall. He's led to a horrific clue in the Capitol's rotunda, and thus begins a race to save his friend's life, despite interference from capitol police, the CIA's top brass and a very twisted villain who will stop at nothing to realize his dark dream of unification.<br/><br/>No spoilers here, but suffice it to say the gruesome nature of the clue haunted me long after the book ended. I kept thinking the clue wasn't real ... or wasn't really what it was ... I kept hoping it was a sick joke played on Langdon by the book's bad guy, but no such luck. It was the real thing. Yipes and yuck!<br/><br/>Before long, Langdon's on the run, joined by Solomon's sister, Katherine, a noetic* scientist and director of "the world's largest and most technologically advanced museum ... hous ing] more pieces than the Hermitage, the Vatican Museum, and the New York Metropolitan ... combined."<br/><br/>Langdon and Katherine team up to follow clue after hidden clue, save Solomon's life and stop the mad man who always seems to be one step ahead of them. Their journey carries them from the capitol to the National Cathedral to a mansion in the tony Klaorama Heights neighborhood, ending in a brutal confrontation at The House of the Temple, "the crown jewel of the Masonic Scottish Rite in America."<br/><br/>Once the story got rolling, Brown left me no choice but to finish, even if it took until 4:30 in the morning to turn the last page. It was a rip-roaring ride. I figured out early on who the villain was and why he was driven to do what he did, but it did not distract from plot. I've never been very good at deciphering codes or solving ancient problems, but not to worry - Robert Langdon does all the work for me.<br/><br/>Much has been made about the use of Masonic symbols in this book. While the plot is driven by Masonic symbols and secrets, this is a work of fiction and reading any more into the plot means you have way too much time on your hands - at least that's how it looks from my roost in the reading room.
 I couldn't wait to purchase Dan Brown's newest book, The Lost Symbol, because I really enjoyed reading The DaVinci Code. Wow, what a HUGE disappointment. The plot is silly, the writing mediocore and repeditive. I couldn't even bring myself to read the final pages - it was that bad. Brown raised some Christian eyebrows with The DaVinci Code but he must have been trying to appease them with The Lost Symbol. If I want to be preached to I'll go to church. If you think you must read this book I suggest you should borrow it from the library, don't waste your money.
 Fast paced and interesting, but not as spell binding as his previous two 'Robert Langton' books.  Although the Masons are an interesting topic, Brown spends too much time with 'character building' filler.  I found myself skimming large portions of text in an effort to get to the conclusion.
 A very thought provoking book, full of many different ideas,  as well as the explanations of numerous symbols found around us all the time.  I shall probably read it again, sometime.
 Great
 Typical Brown effort...weaves an interesting story while also educating us about ancient words and thoughts.  This one offers a lot of insights into the Masonic influences on our country's founders.
 I think this is one of the best jobs of Dan Brown
 I actually rate this 3.5 but that option isn't available. I loved Dan Browns initial series but Digital Fortress really did not have the voice or feel of the other books.<br/><br/>This was much closer to his initial writings but still not as strong as Angels and Demons. I think the author has to release himself a little bit from the expectations of everyone (fans / publisher included) and return to what really inspired his initial works. This book shows that inspiration still exists, but hasn't been fully re-ignited (note: this is not unusual for authors who become very popular very quickly).<br/><br/>Once he finds his passion again I believe we can see several more masterful works from this author.
 Friends, do yourselves a favor and don't waste money on this one of Dan Brown's.  I would say I was disappointed, but honestly, I wasn't expecting much to begin with, and for that matter didn't get much out of reading this book.<br/><br/>Whereas the Davinci Code was filled with at least useful/interesting tidbits about various locations, word origins, religious history along the journey, this book provides only a little bit of that for about 5 chapters during their escapade in the US Capitol building, and then descends into rambling bull about spiritualist nonsensical gibberish, interspersed with some strained plot devices.<br/><br/>At times, I could see whole plot segments lifted out of his previous works, like Angels and Demons.  I.e. chase scenes in a high security area, and who the antagonist actually turns out to be, etc.<br/><br/>Honestly, I found myself skipping through several pages at a time when I could see they involved long dissertations on the pseudo-religious/spiritualist crap that has little relevance to the story.<br/><br/>Finally, the story/plot line is a little bit contrived even for Dan Brown action sequences.  And there is a heavy tinge of deus-ex-machina going on here, with plot predicaments rescued by non-sequitur technology or just ignoring what happened two pages before.  The final resolution of the secret was also pretty lame, like a bad coffee after a mediocre meal.<br/><br/>For those in the know, don't waste your money -- just pick up the free copy on Bittorrent...
 Hmmmm...Wondering how I can stretch my extremely poor opinion of this "product" into 20 words when the simple, single word "dreck" seems to fit so well.
 "The Lost Symbol" was entertaining, as all Dan Brown books are, but I found it to be on a lesser plane than "Angels and Demons" or the "DaVinci Code". A decent book but a bit forced at times.
 While I found the facts about the architecture of Washington, DC fascinating and the information about the Masons interesting, the story was a failure. It is pretentious, annoying, and peopled with two dimensional characters. You would think by now we would be learning more about Robert Langdon, but in this book he is nothing more than a prop for the convoluted plot. Boring and annoying.
 A difficult book to put down !  The Lost Symbol was a patterning thriller with twist after twist. In addition, it gives one much to think about after you've finished reading - if you take the leap of faith that's needed.
 i liked angels and demons, da vinci code and especially deception point by dan brown.<br/>this book however was very disappointing and thinking back now i'm not sure why i even finished it - probably like a deer-in-the-headlight stare.<br/>it feels like the story was made from leftovers of the other books, the writing was not good (for example, i don't have to be reminded that someones body was tatooed from head to toe almost every time there is mentioning of that person), it was very predictable and the story didn't have a flow.<br/>just my two cents.
 I enjoyed reading the book - it moved quickly and the story was interesting. But the writing was weak and often cliche. A good beach or airplane book, but not written well. Get the book from a friend or the library if you want to read it.
 Dan Brown tries to throw out red herrings but only manages to create a plot that strangles itself.  I kept asking myself, "Why am I still reading this?"  Every character is a professor of Gnosticism and must spend incredible amounts of time preaching lectures.  The reader knows far in advance of the character what will happen even when the outcome in obvious.  While Dan Brown is incredibly knowledgeable about history and obscure locations and has written good books in the past, I wish he would have spent more time developing a good story.
 Like many people who bought this book, I did so because I had enjoyed The DaVinci Code so much. Now I wish I hadn't wasted my money or time. The writing, editing and character development are all the sort of thing any real Professor would give a freshman a "D" for. Batman &amp; Robin's 1960s script writers came up with more compelling and believeable dialog than Dan Brown has tossed off here.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is looking like a one-hit wonder. At least The DaVinci Code was thought provoking. The Lost Symbol is nothing but a bit of cashing in on fame. Somewhere the editors and publishers know this, and they don't care. Just "gimme the money".
 I have found Dan Brown to be generally an<br/>entertaining author and was looking forward<br/>to this new novel.  His attention to detail and basing his stories on factual organizations usually just fascinates me.<br/>The Lost Symbol however lost me.  It left me feeling like I missed something in the story even while learning things about our nations capitol that I have never would have known otherwise.<br/>Angels and Demons or DaVinci Code it was not.
 I hate this book! If I wanted repeated history of the Masons I would buy a book on the Masons. I was so bored I couldn't finish this thing.
 The first 80% of the pages of meaningless foreplay, then a 10-page unsatisfying climax, followed by a dull 50 pages of epilogue. This book was long awaited and greatly hyped, but unfortunately, it did not live up to that hype. This book starts out slow by broaching the subject of Freemasons and the power they hold in the U.S. Then it quickly develops into a chase and riddle solving game, which at every turn produces an unsatisfying result showing us how desperate Brown was to follow up his success of The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Now that I've wasted 10 hours of my life reading this, I'm tempted never to return to this thriller genre of Brown/Patterson/Cook/Koontz and the other mediocre misfits. Sigh, I wish Chrichton were still alive to show these guys how to write a real novel. I'm not even going to bother with the movie (sorry Tom Hanks, you're great but this book sucks), this book was so dull.
 It's funny how a lot of people complain about Dan Brown's book, yet they still read all of them. Anyway, in my opinion it was a very entertaining book. Suspense builds up real fast and doesn't let go. A very good follow up to DVC and A&amp;D.
 Was hoping for more. For some reason - maybe to increase page count - Brown felt it necessary to go into excruciating detail about the history of everything. In doing so, he lost the momentum of the story and totally bored me. The action scenes were good but far and inbetween... if only he could have cut out about 100 pages, it may have been a good read.
 it was just that.  OKAY.  Entertaining, but not must read like angels and demons or davinci code.  It was not blockbuster, but it wasnt bad either.  Guessed the twist well in advance so what can I say?  Just read til the end to do so.  Neat and tidy ending but nothing mind numbing or world altering.  Just OK.  Buy electronically or wait for paperback.
 I just want to keep this very simple.  Read Angels and Demons, read The Da Vinci Code, skip The Lost Symbol and pretend it does not exist (I wish I had), and finally, move on to Inferno with hope.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's novels, and I have to say, I'm disappointed in The Lost Symbol. It's as though he's been drinking too much of his own Kool-Aid. There are way too many references to his other books, and it seems as though Brown just didn't try too hard with this book. It reads more like a movie script, and not a very good one at that. Did he run out of ideas and then go see "National Treasure 2: Book of Secrets" to get more? And is it just me, or does anyone else see the Bellamy character being written to lure Morgan Freeman into the film version? The characters are flimsy, and why oh why does he keep saying "Robert Langdon" (using his full name) just about every time he refers to that character? And we haven't even gotten to the formulaic issue - do all of his Langdon books HAVE to have a lone, weird guy as the antagonist?<br/><br/>I found myself slogging through this book instead of flying through it, what with the repeated explanations of the same things (as if he's writing a high school essay and has to pad it to make it long enough) and the sometimes awkward attempts at romance between Langdon and Katherine. Overall, this is one of those books that makes you wish you could get your money back. Sad.
 I brought this book when it first came out because I was a fan of The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons.  Simply put, this novel just went overboard with its lengthy monologues, preachy undertone, and lecture-like 'revelations'.  A complete disappointment and waste of money!
 As long as you can overcome your amazement at people spontaneously recovering from life threatening injuries, this is the book for you.
 This book fails on so many levels.  I've tried not to spoil too much.  Any potential spoiler is marked with a ***SPOILER*** comment.<br/><br/>The biggest flaw is that it is the most anticlimactic novel I can recall reading.  What is the big secrect behind the Mason's lost pyramid?  I won't spoil it for you but it's something you could probably read about in a tourist's pamphlet.  What is the national security crisis that is so critical that a CIA bigshot has to personally get involved with the field work?  Again, I won't spoil it but if you bother to read this book you will be sorely disappointed and in disbelief that the CIA would even get involved in something so laughable.<br/><br/>The storyline is weak.  First it is the search for the lost Masonic Pyramid.  Then it becomes cracking the code found on this pyramid.  We are assured several times that the revealed message leads to an actual place and to something very tangible.  Somehow, and without much explanation, the search for this place morphs into the search for the 'lost word'.  What is so important about this place that we need to seek it out?  Not really sure.  What happens when this word is found?  No explanation.  So we don't really know what the goal of Langdon or his nemesis is and, more importantly, we don't really care.<br/><br/>The motivations of the nemesis are not fully explained.  Why exactly has he declared Katherine Solomon to be his enemy?  Why does he feel the need to kill her and destroy her research?  How exactly did he know what she was researching anyway?  None of this is explained satisfactorily.<br/><br/>Plot holes and unexplained actions abound. ***SPOILERS****  How did Katherine Solomon know to go to the Library of Congress after the destruction of pod 5?  How did Sato know to find Langdon in the Capitol?  This question was asked throughout the story but never truly resolved. How did the CIA get their hands on the video initially? ***END***<br/><br/>Brown makes too many references to his past work.  In one scene Brown blatantly inserts himself into Langdon's shoes to explain how he never intended to cause controversy with his last book on the church.  This is terrible form which breaks the suspension of disbelief.  Also, he again inserts Kryptos (the real life coded statue at CIA headquarters) into the story with an irrelevant subplot. He disingenuously (as well as unconvincingly) tries to imply that Kryptos and the lost Masonic Pyramid are somehow related.<br/><br/>The subject matter of the book is simply not interesting.  There are no eye opening revelations about the Masons.  In fact, Brown acts as more of an apologist than anything, going out of his way not to cast any suspicion on the group.  The result is a boring portrayal and will not inspire the reader to any interest in further researching the Masons.  The other main topic dwells on mysticism and other esoteric topics like ancient animal sacrifice rituals that are supposed to imbue the practitioner with some kind of power.  This kind of nonsense is just unbelievable.  There is a reason these beliefs died out over the course of history.  Everyone knew they were nonsense and stopped practicing them.  Brown makes no converts with his ridiculous portrayal of a man trying to attain immortality through these rituals.<br/><br/>It is clear that Brown stopped writing at many points over the last 6 years only to pick it up again with different ideas which caused some parts to be rewritten.  The result is a jumbled, disjointed, and anticlimactic novel with boring subject matter.
 The Lost Symbol is, in my opinion, very much like Dan Brown's two previous books featuring the character of Robert Langdon. I could spew out a string of complaints about Brown's views as well as his writing quirks; however, I still find myself devouring everything he has published. Count on this book to be frustrating at points but always engrossing.
 I am blown away by the reviews on this book!  I loved every word.  I often wonder if the people who condemn works like this, UNDERSTAND them?  Thank you, Dan Brown.  Well done!
 Fantastic book, only criticism is the end seemed to drag a little after the great climax of the book. Other than that, VERY thought provoking! Love Dan Brown!!
 This title was not very thrilling or exciting. It was an easy read and gave some insight into Masonic rituals. But it is not mind blowing. It is a forgettable book. But if you want something to read to pass the time, pick it up or Kindle it.
 I could not put this book down. Great story line.
 I like Dan Brown books.  Unlike  most readers, DaVinci code was not my favorite.  This book was good- at times there was a little too much detail.  I agree with others that about 100 pages could have been cut out.  BUT, it's a good book and better than about 90% of everything else in the library.  I WAS able to guess all the surprises, which I've never done in his books before....but that was okay.  It's a good book.  Don't buy it new unless that's your thing.  Buy a used copy, or get it from the library and don't go thinking it's going to be bigger, better and amazing.  Just looking for a good book?  Okay, you found one.
 Thi book went on and on.  No real plot or suspense . Read Angels and Demons if you want to read a Dan Brown book
 Read all other Dan Brown books, this ranks last.<br/><br/>Last week i saw a copy in the junk bin at the TJ max store, it fit, beacuse thats where it belongs.<br/>Dont get me wrong, it was entertaining, but shallow, and bland.  Seemed hurried.<br/><br/>Better to see National Treasure.<br/><br/>If they make a movie of this boring book, it would'nt suprise me, beacuse<br/>if it doen't make sense, Hollywood will do it.<br/>Deception Point and Digital Fortress would have been Oscar worthy in thier day<br/>if made into a movie. but it's too late for those, the technology is passing them up.
 I couldn't put this book down. I learned so much about our nation's capital and history.  Very entertaining mystery based in historical fact. Dan Brown is brilliant!
 I pre-ordered it. I waited anxiously to receive it. And then I could not wait for it to end -- and was disappointed by even the ending!!  Brown repeated himself ad nauseum page after page after page and then tacked on one of the absolute worst endings I've ever read.<br/><br/>I hope Mr. Brown doesn't plan on continuing this series with Robert Langdon -- I doubt there is anyone who would waste their money on the next one -- I know I won't.
 Dan Brown keeps you on the edge of your seat with plot turns as complicated as the labyrinth Langdon travels to escape the enemy.  But who really is the enemy?  An
 I was educated as a scientist and had strong religious convictions. Brown seemed to meld the two beautifully in this story of intrigue.
 Great audiobook !! had a hard time turning it off I could go to sleep !
 I don't have much to say that has not already been said by Justin Lee (the first reviewer). He nailed everything I was thinking, plus some things I had not bothered to think about but I completely agree.<br/><br/>Is the book a good read? Sure. But when readers' expectations are so high based on the author's previous books, all that matters is filling our expectations. I think Brown missed out on that. It seems he was more focused on what the publisher wanted or maybe anticipating the movie deal rather than remaining pure to his work.
 I am a fan of Dan Brown but this book was boring and I am totally unamused and underwhelmed.  I got to Chapter 20 waiting with baited breathe for something groundbreaking or earthshattering to happen and really jumpstart this story, it didn't so I took the book and respectfully placed it on my bookshelf until the day I can make time to drive to the local library and donate it.  Don't waste your time reading 600 pages of a story that was told better 2 novels ago.
 I usually enjoy getting lost in Dan Brown's books, but this book, I felt, had way too much unnecessary information.  Sometimes it seemed to babble on &amp; on &amp; on.  Though it was a page turner for me, I really struggled towards the end. I was more excited about finishing the book then learning what happened; and even after finding out the ultimate end, it was extremely anti-climatic.  Dull. No expressions of "no way!!!" or "wow!"<br/><br/>Will I be purchasing other books written by Brown in the future, yes.  But this book is strike one for me.
 A nice story because it is set in Washington, but with nothing really new, as far as the intrigue is concerned, compared to "The Da Vinci Code" or "Angels and Demons". Some supposedly central elements of suspense are also easily predictable: it does not take long to suspect that Mal'ach is Zachary and that the spiral staircase under a big stone is the Washington monument. As for the chapters following the death of Mal'ach, they are as unnecessary and boring as the moralizing end of Mozart's Don Giovanni. I wish Langton had really died in his tank, so that the author would have been forced to re-invent himself in his next novel. By the way, concerning the power of minds on matter, one should read the Iranian philosopher Avicenna, who wrote very interesting pages about noetics,  1000 years ago, in his "Ishârât" and "Shifâ'".
 "This is Enlightenment!  It is his own brand."<br/><br/>The words were written on a gift card in Solomon's handwriting.  Langdon didn't have to open the gift to figure out what was inside.  He knew his friend well enough to know the answer lied within the card itself.<br/><br/>Certainly there was deeper meaning?  Thirteen words in Enlightenment, he thought, thirteen rolls in a baker's dozen.  Years ago, bakers would add an extra roll as a safeguard against penalties if 12 weighed too light.  A group of 13...a safeguard.  But from what?!<br/><br/>Langdon's mind spun.  He glanced at his Mickey Mouse watch.  Time was running out.  What did this note mean?  What could Solomon have sent to him in this little package?  Certainly he could open it and have a look, and even a little shake wouldn't be beyond reason, but any clue to its contents would make for a too short a story, so he had to draw it out.<br/><br/>Think, dammit!  He racked his brain trying to break the code.  13...a group of 13...  And then the answer hit him.  Like so many times before, Robert Langdon had a stroke of genius!<br/><br/>Years before he had lectured about Vermeer's painting, The Milkmaid.  The baker's dozen portrayed in the painting was not what interested him, but it was the safeguard in the painting that caught his attention.  In the year the portrait was painted, kick tiles were installed around the walls as safeguards against rodents and other pests.  And in this painting in particular, Langdon recalled a number "5" clearly rendered on the tile behind the maid.<br/><br/>The five had caught his attention many times in the past.  Certainly it was an odd figure to paint on a kick tile, but how could Vermeer have know what Solomon would have sent to him so many years later?  Is it possible, he thought, that Vermeer had been Enlightened?<br/><br/>Enlightenment.  Number 5.  This is Enlightenment...this is number 5!<br/><br/>What could all of this mean?  And his own brand.  Certainly this was a code.<br/><br/>Langdon wiped his palms across the lapels of his tweed jacket and tried to refocus his mind.  He was aflutter with the beautiful scientist he had met earlier that day, but he knew if he had any chance of ever seeing her alive again he had to figure this puzzle out.<br/><br/>Own brand.  Own brand.  O-W-N-B-R-A-N-D.  He unscrambled the letters and stared, in awe, as his handiwork.  Dan Brown!  The enlightment was Dan Brown.  Dan Brown's fifth novel!<br/><br/>Langdon recoiled, exhausted.  Solomon's gift was more than just a new book, it was a puzzle yearning to be solved.  Mission accomplished, the dashing professor thought to himself as he smiled, straightened the collar on his turtleneck and wound his Mickey watch.
 Dan Brown knows how to keep the suspense, and push each scene short and keep them from going stale.  However, he repeats the same phrases quite endlessly, making the book feel painfully squeezed out of him, rather than enthusiastically.  There are many times when Prof Langdon's thoughts and speech are rehashing same pattern and phrases ad nauseum.  I probably will look forward to his next book, but my anticipation will be very much tempered, my recommendation to others more muted.
 Let's make this clear, I can't write books! I have read all Dan Brown's books now and I have found them all of a diffrent level. This last one was his lowest. The pressure must have been inmense after the davinci code. Maybe it's a good idea to let the Robert Langdon character go because I feel the character has had his best day.  The storyline is weak allthough it has some good turns. The research again is incredible...but the word....weak.<br/>Anyway don't let me stop you from buying this book, just don't expect too much as angels and demons or the davinci code
 The Da Vinci code was great, Angels and Demons was good, the Lost Symbol...hmm....it was ok. Yes, the book was too long and drawn out (and way too repetitive.) But the biggest problem was the ending -- rather unsatisfying -- don't want to blow it for anyone who hasn;t read this yet, but the problem was he set himself up to deliver an end result that was impossible to deliver on.....nice try. I'll give you another chance Dan.
 What can I say that hasn't already been said?<br/><br/>I purchased this book on the day of its release and began reading immediately.  I don't dive into thrillers expecting great literature, but I do expect the writer to have some command over the language.  Although I enjoyed "The Da Vinci Code," I found the writing distractingly bad.  "The Lost Symbol," unfortunately, doesn't even have the fun plot going for it.<br/><br/>In "The Da Vinci Code," Robert Langdon pursued a secret with the potential to destroy the Catholic Church and wipe out thousands of years of religious doctrine.  This gave DVC a wonderful sense of tension that kept you turning the pages.  In "The Lost Symbol," Langdon's quest revolves around a secret kept under wraps by the Free Masons for hundres of years.  Unfortunately, it fails to generate any excitement.<br/><br/>In addition, the characters in this book seem to suffer from a total lack of common sense:<br/><br/>Why would Langdon fly to Washington D.C. at a friend's request without actually speaking to said friend?  Why would he bring with him a top-secret package that he swore to keep hidden at all costs?<br/><br/>Why, after Katherine calls 9-1-1 and gives the address where her kidnapped brother is being held hostage by a raving psychotic, do authorities send a simple security guard to investigate . . . and why is it the police never bother showing up at the address?<br/><br/>Why would Katherine allow a man she's met only once into her "top secret" laboratory?<br/><br/>Reading the book, you'll undoubtedly find yourself asking many of the same questions.  You'll also guess the bad guy's true identity as soon as you learn his backstory.<br/><br/>What I found most annoying about the book, however, was Brown's need to spoon-feed the reader every detail.  In one scene, Langdon is trapped inside a crate that's attached to a plastic chute.  Water starts coursing down the chute and into the crate, prompting another character in the room to think, "He's pumping water into the crate!"  Yes, Dan, we get it.  Thanks! He does this repeatedly.  It made me want to scream.  The writing could have improved ten-fold with a strong editor.<br/><br/>I enjoyed "Da Vinci," but couldn't get through "Angels and Demons."  I finished "The Lost Symbol," but found the going painful.  This is definitely my last Dan Brown.
 I quite agree with negative comments here, like it's long for the plot, too much explanation on what we already know, too many references of the same tips, etc. But still, it's a page turner and a fun read, was a nice resort during my busy working days to escape from reality. Also, the scientific facts about human mind are interesting. I enjoyed reading it along with touring the National Mall in D.C. on the Google Map.<br/>One thing I would like to suggest to Mr. Brown and his editors is that they were too careless about the name of the female CIA director, Inoue Sato. Although Sato can be either a first name or family name, Inoue is definitely a family name. So, calling a fierce CIA woman director "Director Sato" which sounds kind of cute for the Japanese was a big error.<br/>After we all know what was going on in the tatooed guy's mind, this book transforms itself to be a self-development and enlightenment book. I didn't want to sleep up to the final scene with the guy and Peter, but after that I kept falling asleep while reading.<br/>I'm giving four stars because this book interested me in the Noetic Science and provided me with a good time reading anyway. Thanks Mr. Brown!
 I just finished the book. I have never seen such a load of rubbish in my life. I never thought I would hear anything more stupid than intelligent design ever, but apparently I was wrong. The psudo-philosophical arguments among characters in this book are not intelligible enough to fool a four-year-old. This is a prime example of  what goes as a literary work in our times when a book like this sells so much.<br/><br/>And, for those who want to claim that this work has its own virtues since it is entertaining: NO, IT IS NOT! I was jumping paragraphs at the end to get this finished as quickly as humanly possible.<br/><br/>I AM GLAD I NEVER PAID A PENNY FOR THIS BOOK!
 4 words: Screaming. Piece. Of. Garbage. Glad I got it for free from someone else and I could skim this junk. He writes like a pulp fiction author- obvious cliffhangers, leaving out details to overtly make you 'want' to continue . . . it's like it was written for a 9th grader. Then there's the subject matter, claiming scientific 'fact' for concepts that are purely conjecture and the lore of pulpit Bible-thumpers. Please consider this as a review for Dan Brown's 'The Lost Symbol'- it should stay lost.
 And then I could not wait for it to end -- and was disappointed by even the ending!! Brown repeated himself ad nauseum page after page after page and then tacked on one of the absolute worst endings I've ever read.<br/><br/>I hope Mr. Brown doesn't plan on continuing this series with Robert Langdon -- I doubt there is anyone who would waste their money on the next one -- I know I won't.<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Crystal-Clear-The-Inspiring-True-Survival-Story-of-How-a-Professional-Olympic-and-World-Champion-Ice-Hockey-Player-and-Extreme-Athlete-Lost-His-Legs-Due-to-Frostbite-and-Crystal-Meth-Only-to-Find-a-Better-Life/dp/055380765X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Crystal Clear: The Inspiring True Survival Story of How a Professional, Olympic and World Champion Ice Hockey Player and Extreme Athlete Lost His Legs Due to Frostbite and Crystal Meth Only to Find a Better Life</a>
 I am a huge Dan Brown Fan however, I did not like this book at all.  There was no mystery. It was very predictable and it made me angry that I had to read nearly 500 pages to read what I had figured out in the first few chapters.  I kept telling myself, "it can not be this obvious" and yet it was.<br/><br/>I loved his previous books, all of them, but this one did not leave me wanting me more. Sorry Dan!
 This book is just as captivating as the previous books in the series. Looking forward to his new book, Inferno
 Loved the twists n turns. The Mason info is pretty accurate.
 loved the book,its fast ,entertaining,plotted  smartly leaving the reader suprised by every event till the last page. as good as the series 1&amp;2 in professor langdon series. cant wait for the next book. dan brown one my favorite writers
 I'm disappointed that the roller coaster ride is over. There were so many twists and turns in this novel. I knew the tattoed man was evil but with several of the other characters Brown had me changing my mind every few chapters. At one point I even suspected the old blind guy. :) I found myself talking to the characters. For instance, when Katherine gave the cab driver the dollar bill on which she'd written I wanted to slap her for being so careless. I too fail to understand how the book got so many negative reviews. For me it was like watching a suspenseful movie and not knowing who the villians were until the very end. Even at the end I was still holding my breath because I wasn't sure of Peter's motives and thought something was going to happen to Robert. I'll be rereading The Da Vinci Code this weekend and then I'm going to revisit The Lost Symbol. I can't believe I want to reread it so soon after finishing it. Hopefully this book will make it to the big screen. I can see it now. The camera pans up to the very tip of the Washington Monument, then slwoly moves down, deep into the earth below to reveal the lost symbol.
 This book was enjoyable and typical Dan Brown suspense. I would have appreciated a different protagonist, as Robert's constant amazement and subsequent epiphanies do get tiring after reading the first few chapters (and after reading The Da Vinci Code). Besides this slight annoyance, it was entertaining to read. If you enjoyed Brown's other books, this one will not let you down. It does have a great ending.
 Does it really really surprise anyone that this book of Dan Browns is like his other previous two...Demons and Angels and The DaVinci Code?? I mean his star character here is specializes in symbols.  There is only so much you can do with that.  Maybe people expected to much from all the hype this book received.  It was hard not to be to excited about this book.  I didn't really expect anything different than similar characters, symbols, running around a historical town, and the Masons.  I thought the book was a roller coaster going from exciting event into a downplay of explaining of symbols...then tower into excitement only to downspin into another few pages of explaination.  That might be my only complaint was all the explaining.  The book was quite long (over 400 pages), but the time span of this book was 12 hours or so.  Thats alot of explaining to be doing.  I do like reading about the historical aspect of his novels, but being a Christian it is hard sometimes to just roll my eyes and overlook the religious overtones (that I find incorrect) in his books.<br/><br/>If you like his other books you will enjoy this the same, but only if you didn't get sucked into all the hype.  It was good, but not as good as the hype made it out to be.
 I guess I'm a Dan Brown fan because I actually finished this despite the fact that it was not one of his best. The trouble was that I found the villain completely hilarious. Every time we were in his head, listening to him think, it was just so melodramatic that I couldn't take him seriously. Langdon's work kept the plot moving, but I have to be honest that I was disappointed in the ending. I won't spoil it, but it was a lot of work for little payoff.
 Dan Brown has extensively researched the content of this book. He has shed light on misguided meanings and confusion towards many aspects of religion, masons and hunanity.
 Great book
 I am about half-way through the unabridged audio version.  The story is OK, but Mr. Brown needs to research some of his more mundane facts as well as he does his arcane facts.  Bunsen burner fuel is not a liquid.  The CIA has no arrest authority, and there has never been a Cracker Jack decoder ring, in fact there have only been about 3 decoder rings ever.  There are lots of decoders, but being children's toys, they use simple substitution codes and the size of the dials makes a ring quite large.  There was a Chex one, a Cap't Crunch one I think, and an Ovaltine one (it's huge).
 I loved The DaVinci Code (read it first), and really enjoyed Angels and Demons.  Liked everything else until now.  I plodded through it because it COULD have worked.  Good idea.  Good plot (generally).  Just did NOT pull together.
 A fair thriller overall. The dialogue was unoriginal and a bit predictable. I enjoyed the sprinkled facts about the Masons and their ties to our Capitol's history but the way they were presented felt intrusive to the plot. A good read for a flight or waiting at the doctor's office when I have nothing else to do. The special time I carve out for the pure pleasure of reading at home is reserved for books with more subtance.
 This is an entertaining, quick read. But, if you are hoping for a revelation that will knock your socks off, forget it. Dan Brown authors another story with the same footprint as his previous works. Nothing new.
 6 years of waiting for a new book and we get this???<br/><br/>Aside from the fact that this is a weak copy of Dan Brown's two previews books (skeptical professor - check, mysterious man - check, distressed female character - check), the quality of writing is that of a grade school student. While I don't mind the 'scientific' explanations Dan Brown puts in his books and I enjoy finding which facts are real and which invented, I can't stand constant ramblings of his characters, repeated over and over again.<br/><br/>You can find interesting stories written by fan fiction writers and I am so glad I got the books at a library and didn't spend a penny on it.
 First, let me tell you what's positive about DB's latest: The nuggets of symbology, D.C. architecture, and history are great. For me, it was by far the best aspect of The Lost Symbol and I completely enjoyed learning about them.<br/><br/>Now, here is my list of things (in order of how much they irritated me) that ruined this book for me (SPOILERS!!!):<br/><br/>1. The ending is the anticlimactic ending to end them all. The entire plot revolves around the Ancient Mysteries. We are led to believe that it's the single most powerful thing on the planet. The fate of every character in the book is seemingly tied to it. The forefathers and old Masons concocted a prodigiously cryptic, complex, arcane system of codes to keep it secret and to make sure that it doesn't fall into the wrong hands. People in the story DIE because of it. And, drum roll please! The Ancient Mysteries turn out to be...the Bible. What?! All of this hoopla to protect something that millions of people have sitting on their shelves in the first place? This "secret" could have been published on the front page of every newspaper in the world with explicit instructions on how to obtain enlightenment and it still wouldn't have had that great of an impact overall; people would just continue to go on with their lives. What a disappointment.<br/><br/>2. We eventually find out why the CIA is involed (which, as other people have pointed out, would not be the agency involved to begin with). We know that it has something to do with a video or image on Sato's laptop which severely shakes up people like Warren Bellamy, so it must be VERY serious and damaging. However, it turns out that it's only a video of Masonic initiation rites that show the faces of very important and powerful U.S. citizens. Uh, in reality, if this indeed got out to the public it would be news for a day, maybe two, then people would promptly forget about it. After all, how can a bunch of men playing dress-up and putting on plays be so damaging? I don't know, but the CIA sure thinks it can be.<br/><br/>3.  What exactly was Mal'akh's goal? I thought I had this understood: he wanted to find the Ancient Mysteries and become all-powerful. Ok, sounds reasonable. Yet, at the end, without even finding the Mysteries, he gives himself his final tattoo and then decides to sacrifice himself. Wait a second, he never found what he was looking for the entire time! How did he accomplish his goal?! THIS MAKES NO SENSE!! And furthermore, why was everyone trying to prevent him from finding the Ancient Mysteries anyway? All it was was a Bible which couldn't even be dug up in the end. He literally could have done no damage with this information, yet people like Peter Solomon, Warren Bellamy, and Robert Langdon went through pains to prevent him from finding this out. Am I missing something?<br/><br/>4. You would think that after Langdon's adventures in Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code he would be pretty open to "fantastical" claims made by other, intelligent, credible people. However, here we are, with Mr. Langdon still being the biggest skeptic out there. I can't even estimate how many times he said something such as, "Surely you don't believe that, it's only a legend!" only to have himself be proven wrong moments later. Just believe Robert, you'll save everyone alot of time!<br/><br/>5. I understand the connection that Noetic Science has with the power of the mind and the "Ancient Mysteries", but it really served no purpose here. I thought something big concerning it would occur but nothing does. What was the point of Brown even mentioning it at all in the book other than he wanting to throw in another "esoteric" facet for the heck of it? In a related gripe, how did Mal'akh even know about Katherine Solomon's lab and research, and why was he determined to destroy it? Why would her research have mattered to him if he alone had access to the Ancient Mysteries and became all-powerful? Did the research seriously threaten his plans (which would have been monumentally coincidental since his own aunt was carrying it out), or did he just want revenge on his aunt even though she never slighted him in any way? Either way, it makes no sense. The lack of explanation with this thread was unbelievable.<br/><br/>6. In every one of Brown's novels, there is always a pair that team up, and together they have all the answers without fail. This time around it's Robert and Katherine trying to decipher the pyramid. Robert doesn't know what to do next? Don't fear, Katherine will undoubtedly know the obscure answer! Katherine is stumped the next chapter? Don't fret, Robert will know the answer only three people in the world know. Good thing those exact two people teamed up or else the plot would have come to a standstill.<br/><br/>7. The dialogue is purely painful at times. The worst are the classroom flashback scenes in which Robert/Peter interact with students. You can't help but put your head in your hands when reading some of those exchanges...Also, there were numerous times when, during an urgent moment, Robert, Katherine, or someone else had to stop and give the other character a dissertation on something. "My brother Peter will most likely die tonight, the CIA is hot on our heels, we're running out of precious time, but let me pause for a moment so I can explain to you, Robert, an enigmatic piece of history that will help us advance the plot." This happens CONSTANTLY.<br/><br/>8. Having a mini cliffhanger at the end of every short chapter is wearily played out. Stop doing it! When you do it over and over and over again, it loses its effectiveness.<br/><br/>9. Peter: "Hey Robert, my hand was cut off just hours ago and I found out that the son I thought had died years ago was really the lunatic that tried to kill my family and I witnessed his gruesome death before my eyes, you were drowned in some sort of breathable liquid and were knocked out cold after having your head smashed against the floor and undoubtedly have a concussion, and Katherine had most of the blood drained out of her - but let's forget about all that for the moment and go sightseeing at the top of the Washington Monument. Then, afterwards, you and Katherine can take this key and watch a romantic sunrise from atop the Capitol Building. I'd join you, but I suppose I really should get to the hospital considering a madman cut my right hand off. Hmmm, I wonder why no medical personnel forced all of us to go before in the first place? Oh well, enjoy your time here in Washington!"...A ridiculous ending to a ridiculous story.<br/><br/>10. Why didn't Katherine, Trish and Peter just use a damn flashlight when walking through Pod 5 on the way to the lab? Just buy one for 5 bucks at Walmart instead of walking for hundreds of feet through the pitch dark. They're supposed to be brilliant scientists?<br/><br/>That's about all I can think of. Although TLS started promising, it just dissolved into a hodgepodge of nonsensical drivel. It's a shame because there's a good book buried here somewhere. But I think I may be through with Dan Brown, there are too many other good books out there.
 Angels and Demons and The DaVinci Code had plots that developed quickly and featured location, location, location. One can forgive and even ignore inaccuracies (artistic, historical, religious...) for the sake of a good read - which is why The Lost Symbol, for me, was so very disappointing. Over-researched, plodding, condescendng, predictable: as if these flaws were not sufficient to encourage my moving on to the next Kindle download, there is the huge problem of feeling "had." Mr. Brown begins his story with a (surprise!) highly questionable premise, which he attempts to support by throwing every "fact" he researched at his readers. I was bored with this latest effort and will just watch Tom Hanks in The DaVinci Code again rather than make a trip to D.C. in search of symbols.
 THE LOST SYMBOL by Dan Brown is a much better book than the DA VINCI CODE though it does lag a bit in places with its pacing. Now at this time in our history it is worthy of a much closer reading for the information about the symbols of our county and brush aside the puzzle-mystery aspects.<br/>Brown writes about real places and real symbols, which each American should study and consider their significance as OUR values are under attack from all sides including the History Channel, which manages to play to the sensational instead of the truth without delivering in either category.<br/>Nash Black, author of Indie finalists WRITING AS A SMALL BUSINESS and HAINTS.
 This isn't my favorite DB book, but I still enjoyed the read. I love the details and trivia he includes, but even without that, the story is good.
 I loved the descriptions of the historical WA DC buildings, their true American beginnings. Goggled them all for visuals of architecture, interiors, paintings, etc.  The Freemasons who started and loved this country were truly our American heroes!  Loved this book!!
 While many have said that this book was redundant of Brown's other infamous Robert Langdon books, you have to keep in mind that he has developed a very successful formula for his conspiracy theory thrillers.  The overall structure is similar to his prior novels, but the subject of the Freemasons is a departure from the more controversial topics previously addressed.  I have a bit more appreciation for the European settings, but the depiction of Washington DC was very enlightening in its architectural, historical and symbolic descriptions.  The novel is well paced and the suspense is very well done.  The ending was somewhat anticlimactic, but I liked the issues of science and the power of the human mind that were addressed.  If you take it at face value and enjoy the ride, it is a fun book.
 I am at a loss to know why Dan Brown wrote this book, other than to secure another lucrative Ron Howard movie deal! It screams for a qualified editor and a plot coach. It is contrived, hackneyed, threadbare...and a hundred other synonyms for "Don't Waste Your Time and Money." I wish I hadn't.<br/><br/>The spoiler is this: Read your Bible! How's that for an earth-shattering, science-debunking, religious-fanatical thrill-o-rama? If Langdon were HALF the healthy skeptic of Browns-past, he would've read through this treacle within the first half of the book! "The Lost Symbol" discredits Langdon, Brown, the Masons, science AND religion!<br/><br/>My suggestion: follow the advice of the Coen Brothers -- "Burn After Reading."
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books. This novel is extraordinarily choppy and lacks the finesse of Brown's earlier work. Additionally, quite a few intended twists are so predictable as go be nearly eye roll-inducing.
 This book was a huge disapointment.  Story line was a duplicate of previous books but with a very weak ending.  I was down to 45 pages left and it took me three weeks to finish. This will be the last Dan Brown book for me.
 One of the worst books I have ever read, and that's saying a lot.  DVC and A&amp;D were pretty good books for their genre, but the utter stupidity of this one just blew me away.  What a waste of time and money!  It dragged on forever ... there were moments I wanted to literally pull my hair out because the scene just dragged on and on, with no real purpose.  This will certainly be the last book I read by Dan Brown.
 Typical Dan Brown suspense and conspiracies that though fictional make you believe it must be for real.
 Nothing is hidden that will not be made known; nothing is secret that will not come to light.  Hope faith God
 Brown has his characters deliver far-fetched and tiresomely repetitive lectures on symbolism, mixed in with them being subjected to gratuitous violence. This book is one hundred pages too long, and should have ended at it's overwrought and disappointingly lame anticlimax, but, no, Brown subjects the reader to more silly pontification about symbolic nonsense.
 Dan Brown's books are formulaic enough that others anticipated this new book that uses Freemasonry as a link to the past -- that past mangled and muddled by works like The Lost Symbol. I can sympathize with Brown having to rework his formula so that the cottage industry that is parasitic on his work didn't abscond with it completely. But time would have been better spent learning the Eurasian Culture more fully. Not doing that results in Brown's books reinforcing the suppression of that Culture by the monotheisms of the Near East and the Medieval apparatus of Christianity in the West. As a result, Brown's work is more damaging to a Eurasian Renaissance than helpful -- even when he supposedly supports such a rise of that Culture. My own research and books (The Order of the Dragon, The White Island and the Black Book, the biography of Lucifer series) calls for such a renaissance, but with scientific, metaphysical and philosophic foundations from the far north traditions. The old texts are there, waiting to be used, but Brown hasn't done that. He should study Shiva more carefully, and he should read Yuri Stoyanov on the Diver tradition, before ending his book with pontification about "Praise God." The chillest message of his book is that one of the heroes, Peter, is indistinguishable from the arch villain Malakh (word play on the Hebrew title for Satan, the "malak" of God; and failure to understand Melak Taus, the Yezidi equivalent of the rebel angel of free thought). While Malakh had a sense of ethics that finally drove him mad, Peter has empty anguish that vaporizes quickly. That Brown sends one to the Christian Hell is not a point in his favor, or the favor of the depths of this book. My only reluctant conclusion can be that this book, while raising important issues, confuses and damages the discussion -- becoming an indirect suppression in its own right.<br/><br/>Dr. Colleen D. Clements
 only took 3 days, kept my interest. a lot of landmarks and real-life symbols used once again in a profound way. love this author. Can't wait to read the next one. keep them coming.
 Not Dan Brown's best work, but still very good.  I really like all of his books and this one didn't disappoint, but it doesn't hold a candle to Angels and Demons or Davinci Code.  Enjoy!
 I really like Dan Brown books and have found them all to be the kind of books you can't put down. Out of the five books of his that I have read (Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons, Lost Symbol, Digital Fortress and Deception Point) I thought this one was the most enjoyable. I believe all of his books are 5-star worthy, but if you must read one, this one is my favorite.
 I read a lot, and of course read The Da Vinci Code. What has happened? I am quiting this thing, and I don't usually, get this far and quit{about half way} Please get an editor that you will listen to. I know you are brilliant but people still want to be entertained. Figures, I bought this book for an airplane trip, the clouds had more interest for me.<br/><br/>Sorry Not even worth further comment.<br/>Tom from Boston<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/1400079144/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a>
 Cmon Dan, you can do better than this -- you HAVE done better than this.  I might be generous with the 2 stars rating, but this book put me to sleep repeatedly when I am usually on the edge of my seat (or edge of my bed, up all night) reading.<br/><br/>The Langdon character is contradictory and confusing in this one.  He's been around the block one too many times and it shows; it's too late to try to add more to the character, we know who he is now and how he would react to new situations.<br/><br/>Yawn-fest.
 Sorry, Dan, I didn't like this. It was okay but that bitch Inoue ruined it for me. I can't imagine our heroic Robert Langdon calling that midget bore 'ma'am'. I used to think that Deception Point was your least impressive work until this one came along. Thankfully you redeemed yourself with Inferno, and that where that bitch Inoue is burning now.
 Like The DaVinci Code, this book makes a great My First Mystery for folks who aren't familiar with the genre.  Brown knows his audience well: the naive and gullible, and feeds them mysteries that aren't very mysterious, and puzzles that those familiar with mystery books will soon figure out.  He doesn't write especially well, but the book is more of the same for those who liked the first two books, plus his computer novel.  If you loved DaVinci code, you'll probably like this.  But it won't inspire any clue tours around the Nation's capital.
 The previous books by Dan Brown had a more provocative tone. In this one everyone is nice and means well (expect for 1 character 100% evil). For me it lost the edge and is trying to please everyone.<br/>Still it is a good read, the plot moves fast. Unfortunately I guessed the end in the beginning of the book, and I don't even know Washington DC that well.
 It took me a little while to get into this one, but then it turned into a page turner.  I used to live in DC, so I liked that The Lost Symbol was set there.  Hard to believe that all this happens in just one night.
 I had quite a big expectations after reading Da Vinchi Code and Angels and Demons, but this books is not at all up to the mark. The essence of the book was good but I felt the writing was weak and the end was bad. The villain character, I felt was totally stupid, I mean how can he hide his full tattooed body with the make up? Robert drowned but yet he's still alive that was a biggest put off and some more things like that.<br/><br/>I don't think that its worth spending money and time.
 Fantastic plot with many surprising and interesting twists.  Very difficult to put this book down once you've started reading it.
 See all book summaries above.<br/>As a big thriller reader and one of Dan Brown's biggest fans I was more than happy with this go round. It has everything a Dan Brown fan comes to expect. A well researched look into history and the sciences. The way these are layed out in novel form is one of Brown's talents. You may not agree with everything he writes, and I think some people will give it a bad review because of this, but he can enthrall me like few authors can.<br/> With mysteries from the past to the present, Dan Brown fans will not be disappointed. Top notch entertainment and enlightenment all the way.<br/><br/>From inside:<br/>"Nothing is hidden that will not be made known; nothing is secret that will not come to light."
 The Lost Symbol started out well, but kind of out stayed it's welcome.  The god mumbo-jumbo towards the end was a bit hard to take.  And the apologetics for Freemasonry was just bizarre. Ultimately, what is this book about except the triumph of censorship?<br/><br/>I loved Angels &amp; Demons, thought DVC was ok, but this is a rung below those two.
 I am halfway through this book and am totally and utterly bored. I had no motivation to finish it being how slow and boring it is so I looked through the reviews and found out through spoilers what happens. Thank goodness I didn't waste some more nights reading this drivel.<br/>Save your money or if you feel like you want to try and get through it, head to your library and borrow it.<br/>It's sad really as I really enjoyed his other books. I feel that he just threw this one together for some more money while his iron was still hot.
 The story hooked my interest from the very beginning. It kept my interest throughout. My only criticism is I felt the ending was a little tame after the excitement all through the book.
 As in all his books it makes you want to dig deeper. The next time i'm in DC I will be paying more attention to where I am. My father was a Mason and that aspect of the story made it even more interesting for me.
 Great book
 Having read four of Dan Brown's novels, I was very pleased to see how much the author has grown as a novelist in The Lost Symbol.  In the DaVinci Code, I had actually found much of the flippant humor to be somewhat offensive and childish.  I think that the DaVinci Code was more beloved because of its controversy than its writing style.<br/>In the Lost Symbol, there is very little use of slang, earthy humor, or sexual titilation.  This novel is very focused and carefully paced to make the reader want to KEEP READING!  The story all takes place in one day, which makes it even harder to put the book down for a day or more.  The characters are all wonderful, and the climactic ending is surprising, shocking, and painful (emotionally and physically).  Some readers might find the book to be too transparent in its structure, as it is obvious that Dan Brown planned out every chapter to be a springboard to the next.  Perhaps the author could have used a greater variety of techniques to build tension.  BUT, when I reached the end of the novel, I was very pleased with all that I had read.  I also felt that I had learned a great deal about the Masons and about the origins of many ideas, words, and myths.  Reading a Dan Brown novel is always eye-opening fun, and The Lost Symbol is a very good addition to this author's oeuvre.
 Interesting, but was the character reveal supposed to be a surprise? It wasn't. Enjoyed all the information about Washington DC and its environs.
 I thought the book was entertaining, although predictable.  Until I reached the end, that is.  The end was a real let down for me.  I think I would have enjoyed it more if there were some secret treasure at the end.  The climax of the book did not fit the rest of the action leading up to it.  I was dissapointed.
 I would probably have given this messy page-turner Three Stars. But then, I had to hack my way through the endless babbling that followed the Grand Climax. Sweet Suffering Moses! Is Dan Brown being paid by the word. It goes on and on, and then on somemore. It's pedantic and pretentious -- and a major buzzkill. It made me really miss the villain -- he was fun to have around, and he knew how to get his point across quickly and efficiently. By the time I hit the final page, I was ready to give the book One Star. But I had enjoyed the climactic moments enough, that I decided to be generous. Which is more than can be said for Dan Brown -- who's desperately in need of an editor who know how to wield a red pencil...
 This Fomula is getting old. The last three books have all been the same type of set up, build up, and pay off. Everyone is there. The Friend, The known of, but not known too well daughter, the grumpy, questionable cop, the unknown bad guy, the looming danger, and the historically based mystery.<br/><br/>Dude, try telling a story in a different format.
 The Lost Symbol was such a let-down.  The author combined so much scientific studies in the story, I felt he was trying to write a fiction/textbook.  However, I was neither entertained nor enlightened.  The story line doesn't really make sense to me, and I felt there was no closure (or I was in such a hurry to be done with the book that I somehow missed it?)  Robert Langdon was such a Mr. Negative through out the book that he totally annoyed me.  I do not recommend this book, especially for those who enjoyed The Da Vinci code as much as I did.
 I love the intrigue even though I doubt it possible.  great writing skills and a real page turner.
 Lives change in the span of mere hours as one colossal chase scene and mystical whodunit expose a massive conspiracy.
 I'll make this quick as it seems most people have similar reviews. First, the story and theme was much too similar as the previous books. I couldn't help but wonder in the beginning chapters, if indeed the book plot's and ending would be similar. Unfortunately, I was right... Although the research was fascinating and kept me entertained, the book was just too alike the Da Vinci code. It killed most of the suspense and thrill. In fact, some parts where otherwise would be interesting became rather dull. The professor and a female companion running away from the police while in the midst of trying to solve a puzzle? Hmmm....<br/><br/>Is there going to be a big twist in the end like the others? Oh no...<br/><br/>Anyhoo, good/average book but nothing great...I would recommend going to Barnes and Noble on a Saturday/Sunday morning, order a nice cup of coffee and brownie and finish it right there.
 I think Britannica should sue for stealing informationd directly from the page. If I wanted to read the encyclopedia I'd get a contract from a publisher to read all of them and write a book about it...
 I've read four Dan Brown books featuring Robert Langdon, and this is my least favorite.
 Although I enjoyed The Lost Symbol, it was no Da Vinci Code.  Although it tried.  Dan took the Da Vinci Code and moved it to Washington DC.  It was interesting learning some of the meaning behind the architecture in DC, just as it was interesting to muse over Rome and Paris in Da Vinci.  Beyond that, I thought the storyline tried to follow the script a bit too much.  This time, the characters and the events were too cliched.  There was the woman who sounded like a man, evil people, "seeing" with hands and just a lot of people taking themselves overseriously.  If you read one book a year, I wouldn't make this it.  However, if you're a serious reader and a DB fan, you should get it and enjoy some reminiscing and connecting the dots to DVC.
 It really gets old to have them repeated to you like you are a preschooler.<br/>Otherwise a reasonable read for a casual day.
 To tell you the truth I wanted to know something about masons, described even in a fictional form.  And at the beginning it was kind of interesting, but then, literally horrors began.  Character undeveloped, plot is week, and preaching of a New Age stuff.  Stop it!! If you had any real knowledge of any religion described you wouldn't mix them all together.  The book is simple abuse of a reader intelligence.
 No comment<br/>No comment no comment no comment nothing to say awesome good read makes you think very enlightening hopeful
 but does the CIA (the major law enforcement agency in the plot) have authority in DC that it's denied in the rest of the country? Yes, as we learn at the end, they have a vested interest, but CIA agents/paramilitary units running amok through the streets and skies of DC, flashing their credentials and weapons to clear buildings and public areas? Don't think so, even in the approx 12 hour period the book takes place. Just one of the many plot holes and absurdities in the book. It was somewhat entertaining, but I'll read his next book for free at my favorite brick and mortar store, rather than spend good money. Or wait a few months when the surplus goes on sale for less than a paperback.
 I love Dan Brown's books, but this one took me forever to get into it. I borrowed it on my Kindle--four times and finally finished it. I was probably halfway through the book before it hooked me. THEN IT WAS GOOD! The last chapter, though, I could have done without. It just went on and on.
 It was more of the same Dan Brown. Too much to do in just one day, exhausting.
 This is a good followup to the Da Vinci Code, dealing a lot with freemasonry
 Sure, this book wasn't as good as The DaVinci Code or Angels and Demons, but it was still a good read.  It kept me intrigued throughout and the short chapters made for easy reading.  I will admit the last few chapters seemed to drag on a bit.  Once the big 'twist' occurred, which I didn't see coming, and the villain was out of the picture, the book kind of slowed down and started to get quite repetitive.  I just wanted it to be over already!  Overall, I would recommend this book.
 I received my copy of Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol from Amazon yesterday, 9/15 in the afternoon.  By 4:30 a.m. the following morning I had to stop at chapter 117 before my sleepless body forced my head to fall right into The Lost Symbol's pages.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is just as captivating as all of Brown's books:  DaVinci, Angels, Deception and Digital...  Most of the book is fast-paced and is comprised of short chapters that go back and forth between characters and events in a very thoughtful and interesting way.  Again, no different from Mr. Brown's other novels.  There were a few points where I started to get a little bored with the text, but just as the very hint of boredom approached, it was quickly replaced with page turning anxiousness to skip ahead and find out the results of something provocative that had just happened.  I really enjoyed the book, and I hope that Mr. Brown is quickly putting together his next work.<br/><br/>There were two things about the book that were a little disappointing.  DOING MY BEST NOT TO INCLUDE BLATANT SPOILERS HERE.  One was the threat revealed that could compromise National Security.  Although the characters from this aspect of the story were strong, I thought the actual threat itself was a bit weak. Secondly, there was a moment in the book where I thought Dan Brown made a bold move that set the tone for his future books - steering off the path his last three have taken.  Instead, I was fooled.  It's too bad - I would have liked to see Brown return to novels that are more independent of his latest series - like, say, Deception Point or Digital Fortress.  Maybe he still will, although this series is incredibly popular and I'm sure the Lost Symbol will go the way of the movie world as well.  So the theme and series is a cash cow for sure.<br/><br/>All in all a great novel by Dan Brown.  As great as his others - nooooooot quiiiiite, but very close for me.
 And am inspired to go to DC.  A great read in the Robert Langdon series.  Looking forward to reading the next one.
 The success of The Da Vinci Code is a tough act to follow.  This book is okay; it is better than Digital Fortress and Deception Point.  The best of the Robert Langdon books is Angel &amp; Demons.  It should have been edited better and did seem to drag.  Also I figured out who the killer really is less than half way through; it was sadly obvious.<br/><br/>That said; this is not high literature, this is pop fiction.  And for that it is okay.
 My friends warned me, but still I bought the book and read it.  I had read Dan Brown's previous books, but I guess I was hoping he would have fixed a few things by now.  He had not.  The book is overlong and preachy.  In the beginning we are told that the main character suffers from claustrophobia, something that was never mentioned in previous books to which this is a sequel.  Flexi-time is used again shamelessly - nobody can do all those things within that time!  The book must have been commissioned by either the Freemasons or the Washington DC Tourist Board, because it certainly read like a tourist guide.  I don't know if Dan Brown has any more books in the pipeline, but if he has, I think I'll steer clear from them.
 But still a great suspenseful read! This one really makes you think how you can act as a person. A lot of great knowledge as well!
 If you liked the De Vinci Code you'll like this. A learning experience but not too hard to figure out the villan.  A good Dan Brown read.
 I am listening to the audio version of this book - simply because I am in the middle of reading another large book and I can listen to the book at work rather than music. I am perplexed at the 2 and 3 star ratings that this seems to be receiving. This is a highly entertaing book. Formulaic? Yes, a bit.Sort of so-so in parts? Yes, it is. When I read historical fiction I read it because I love it and because I make a game a game out of checking the historical facts to the novel. When I read a novel, such as "The Lost SYmbol" I read it strictly to be entertained -and I expect nothing more. An added bonus for me with this book is that it presents a lot of American History that is quite accurate. I can picture some of the places in the book from visits to Washington DC. If this was Dan Brown's first book rather than his second I wager people would up their star rating. There is nothing not to like about this book IMHO!<br/><br/>PS: If you go for the audio version - the nnarrator is quite good too!
 I was all set to buy this book this evening on the recommendation from a friend when I noticed that text-to-speech is not enabled.<br/><br/>Yes, a LOST SALE.<br/><br/>My eyesight isn't that great and I sometimes like to listen to books while driving home from work, but obviously I can't read and drive.
 Pages flew by, the story was full of action and thought provoking ideas!  Great book and fun read.  Dan Brown does it again.
 Dan Brown begins this book by assembling the winning combination of a mysterious plot-line, a compellingly twisted villain, and a broad knowledge of fascinating esoteric religious symbology. He then proceeds to hack all this to pieces with the blunt, rusty hatchet of his torturously bad writing. In addition to treating the reader as an utter numbskull, Brown makes the infuriating mistake of having every character speak their own subtext. All of this would be bad enough, but he goes on to make his characters give long expository monologues which are clearly designed to expound Brown's own point of view and cease to have any relevance to his story. As soon as you think things are getting good, somebody turns to face the camera, and say something like "What I really mean here is that George Washington was a sorcerer and cast a spell on the people of D.C. to make them build pyramids in the basement, and you can too, if you truly believe." Do not read this book. Do not do it. You will end up wishing you could sue Dan Brown to get those agonizing hours of your life back. This review is my one chance at retribution - Brown, you turd!
 The author goes to great lengths to distort and perfert the Truth. It can mislead many to dangerous and unhealthy spiritual thinking.
 OK...........Not the same depth as Da Vinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons but far superior than Digital Fortress and Deception Point. This easy read left me much more interested in our own Capital and with many points to ponder for some time. Inspires further research. (Wikipedia here I come) I am a huge fan of Dan Brown's writing style and welcome all his books. I read this tome way too fast.<br/><br/>As a senior citizen, I like Brown, Ludlum, Smith, Sheldon, Rowling, Grisham, Baldacci, etc - not necessarily in that order. I read to be entertained &amp; moved and Dan Brown never disappoints.
 Dan Brown, in <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a> takes us on another thrilling ride through the "Ancient Mysteries." Robert Langdon, the Harvard Symbologist, carries us along through numerous brink-of-death situations, giving the book edge-of-your-seat momentum.  Numerous reviews have discussed the plot, so I will move directly to my comments.<br/><br/>First, I enjoyed the amusement park ride.  Since I am often reading non-fiction titles, when I pick up fiction I want to be entertained, drawn into the story, intrigued. I read it in one sitting. The puzzles (ok, I confess I am a Sudoku fan, the magic square) the misdirection, the chases, I enjoyed the ride.<br/><br/>I also enjoyed these quotes sprinkled throughout the book. My favorites:<br/><br/>"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." Arthur C. Clarke, Futurist,  (The Lost Symbol, pg 86) Instantly brought to mind my first experiences with a fax machine! The paper gets there how???<br/><br/>"Wide acceptance of an idea does not prove its validity." The Lost Symbol, pg 79  I love this one.  It seems everyday our news reports include  lady-in-the-Laundromat  or  the man-in-the-deli  opinions validating a popular (but uninformed, unsubstantiated) opinion. Of course, here Brown uses it to fuel his challenge-all-religion stance... belittling myths of his choosing.  Setting that aside, I still love the quote.<br/><br/>"If thoughts affect the world, then we must be very careful how we think. Destructive thoughts have influence, too, and we all know it's far easier to destroy than to create."  Lost Symbol, pg 501.  Can we make this every school's motto?  I'm a positive thinker, I'm a half-full glass person, and have witnessed the power of prayer, so this resonates with me.  In fact, when Brown's story descends to the depths, I cringed and almost stopped reading.<br/><br/>Thirdly, I thoroughly enjoyed the setting of Washington DC.  On a recent visit to Alexandria, VA driving to the Old Town on Carlisle Drive, we stumbled upon stunning monument/museum called the George Washington Masonic National Memorial.  I had completely forgotten that Washington was a freemason, and was amazed how "unhidden" it was, for this society with secrets.  Brown mentions it in the book, along with numerous buildings and their histories.  As an avid reader, and a book professional, I thoroughly enjoyed the character's "ride" on the circulation belt... something I would have loved to do!  The Washington setting will undoubtedly boost the attraction of these majestic buildings.<br/><br/>On the negative side, I was distracted by the believability of his facts.  As a widely read person, I was often thinking that doesn't sound true, I should research that.  When I pick up fiction, I don't expect to get homework assignments!  If you can remind yourself to stick to the story, and not remember the inaccuracies as fact, the read could still work.  When you recommend a book to a friend, the fear is they could trustingly embrace it as historically accurate, hence the caution.<br/><br/>For example, the Akedah is a historically substantiated story of Abraham, in obedience to God's command, willing to sacrifice his own son, Isaac. God intervenes with a substitute sacrifice, showing His love for Abraham.  In the Lost Symbol, pg 445, Brown invents an actual knife; the "Akedah Knife", gives it mystical properties and a "destiny" to fulfill.  All the while alluding that his story, Peter Solomon/Zachary and Abraham/Isaac is one and the same.  Brown's creating the son's desire to self-sacrifice and involve his father, twists this historical story into a meaningless one.  One wonders why Brown's fiction needs to dig at the tenets of the various religious worldviews.  Is it to create the controversy that sells lots of books?  You decide.<br/><br/>Throughout the story we observe the premise "how to die", over and over.  I, on the other hand would have celebrated the characters that portray, how to live. The love of a friend, sister, brother, fellow believer, to go to whatever lengths necessary to help.<br/><br/>Despite the inaccuracies, I would recommend this title to fiction readers who love to discuss the latest bestseller `round cocktails or the water cooler, readers who can separate fact from fiction, and to readers, who can suspend their disbelief and just enjoy the ride.
 Love Dan Brown I've read all his.books loved this one he does not disappoint great read<br/>With as usual lots of twists and turns whoever decides to.read.this book.Will not be<br/>Dissapointed
 This book is hard to put down with so many twists and turns I never knew WHO was going to change sides next! Don't know WHY some of the other reviewers put this book down so much...I will say that in many ways it DOES resemble The DaVinci Code-except in a different setting...but I enjoyed having it set near my home town.
 I was fortunate enough to be one of the first few to check this out from the local library the morning it was released.  I finished it this morning, and have to say it was not as good as Brown's previous two Langdon novels.  Entertaining--usually, educational in terms of D.C. landmarks--certainly, but less satisfying than I had anticipated.  Other reviewers have outlined enough of the storyline--I was bored and fidgety during the last few chapters, largely because I have no patience for authors who impose a lecture on spiritual philosophy as an ending in what is supposed to be a work of fiction.  If I wanted that sort of thing I would read nonfiction books that are written as such.
 Terrific book about a great message for humanity!
 I've started the book on September 15, and have recently finished it. Overall the book is again a Dan Brown's fantastic thriller since I was not able to stop myself reading for more and more until the last chapters. But when everything came to the last chapters, frankly, I was disappointed. I will not enclose the reasons since this is a new book and yet it has not penetrated the market totally; but I'd say don't expect what you had experienced in the Da Vinci Code if you read it. And one last remark. If this book is to be a masterpiece, I'd say it will be, but not literally, rather in marketing. So much has it achieved in marketing, with a various numbers of publishers, the book became available almost all around the World as of September 15. That's what makes it a masterpiece.
 If you're familiar with the non-stop cliffhangers and Herculean quasi-intellectualism of The Da Vinci Code, you know exactly what to expect. Mediocre pop-fiction at its most ordinary.
 I suspended my disbelief, got caught up in the ridiculous journey, and thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.  My only caveat is that Brown's treatment of Christianity, which I do know something about, is so superficial and addlepated that I have to wonder if his treatment is similar when it comes to the Masons, noetic science, and other obscure topics.  I'm guessing yeah -- but then if I want to know more about those things, I am not going to read a work of escapist fiction written by a master magician of the art of spinning a tale using so many of the elements I've loved since childhood -- hidden codes and symbols, treasure maps, good versus evil, danger looming and escaped, twists, turns, and surprises, and a testing of the hero's mettle where he or she triumphs in the end.  Get your hoodwink on and take the ride.
 I have read and enjoyed all other DB books..this one was terrible....nothing but a bow to Freemasonry and noetic "science" - I use that term very loosely.  I only finished the book because a friend recommended it.  The characters are contrived..I can only think that he spat this out for the $$$.
 I'm surprised at all of the critical reviews of this book.  I guess I shouldn't be too surprised - people always set insurmountable expectations for events like this one.  They are bound to be disappointed.  I, for one, consider any book that I can't put down to be a successful venture in this age of 24/7 stimuli.  I not only enjoyed this book, I would (dare I say!) read it again one of these days.<br/><br/>Brown weaves a convincing story that, just as in DaVinci, urges readers take a second look at the world around them.  The book is well researched and chock full of puzzles, rituals, symbols and science.  This unique combination is Brown's hallmark, and no other author I've read has been able to come close to perfecting the formula.<br/><br/>Lost Symbol isn't going to win any literary competitions.  It was not written to move the English language to a new frontier, folks.  It was written to entertain, and for me at least, it did exactly that.
 This was a book that kept me reading all night.  Worth the sleepiness the following day.  Enjoy the trip and the twists it takes you through.
 Angels and Demons was his best book.  The information offered in The Da Vinci Code was enough to keep me turning pages even though his idea of a plot (apart from some masterful puzzle work) was to give a lecture, then send his protagonists on the run again.  Indeed, The Da Vinci Code encouraged me to buy and read The Holy Blood, The Holy Grail.<br/><br/>But this book!  I am 1/3 of the way into it and am not sure I will be able to finish.  So far I've met a sneering, self-congratulatory villain who has about as much depth as the page he's written on, a Langdon who seems amazingly stupid, and I've read a lot of other stuff that is so timeworn from exposure I can't even claim to be learning anything new.<br/><br/>When I bought the book the clerk warned me that she had heard quite a few people say it was a slow starter.  Okay, so having spent a small fortune on it, maybe I'll keep slogging, but it will take more than the last 35 pages (as one reviewer recommended) to make me buy another Dan Brown novel.<br/><br/>Maybe the IONS and Noetic Sciences stuff is new enough to most readers to keep them intrigued, so let me add a disclaimer: I read McTaggart years ago, I belong to IONS, and none of that stuff will be sufficient to hold my interest if he gives it the same treatment he gives the Masons.<br/><br/>To my way of thinking Brown proves that you don't have to be a good writer, you just have to have a great premise.
 Unlike "The DaVinci Code", this book seems to do more good than harm, especially in the last 35 pages. By this I mean that this book doesn't badmouth any church or religion, whereas that book sensationalized and alleged too many possibly evil &amp; negative beliefs and practices, etc., such as its descriptions of the Catholic Church's Opus Dei organization.<br/><br/>Also,I read "The DaVinci Code," and felt that it was much more confusing than this book.<br/><br/>I admit I'm biased in favor of this book because I have fewer prejudices about Freemasonry and Christianity and institutional religion in general than many people do. This book pleased me for the following reasons, among many:<br/> -It explains and even praises the many merits of The Bible and other books of "scripture";<br/> -It encourages hope that we are now discovering new science which might unlock vast powers to mankind;<br/> -The descriptions of U.S. history and of Washington, D.C., are so fascinating that now I want to use the World Wide Web's photo services to explore that city, from the air and from the ground, to see for myself what would take weeks of walking (and flying overhead) to see;<br/><br/>It is "humanistic" enough to please the secularists and maybe even the agnostics and atheists;<br/> -And, since I don't have time now for a longer review, I must resort to:" ...and much, much more!"<br/><br/>This is also a fairly good thriller.
 classic dan brown. quite formulaic. but like all good formulaic mysteries it is entertaining, has some interesting information, fast moving, etc.<br/>by now he has likely started to read on the next group of mystics- he has christianity covered, now the masons, there are a few more groups to be written about.
 This book does not live up to the Dan Brown "hype". It had some very interesting passages, but overall left me desiring more. "Lost Symbol" had some very captivating chapters, but the conclusion was a little disappointing. I expected more from Dan Brown. It seemed as if he was running out of conspiracy secrets ;)
 The plot line was complicated and convoluted.  However, like many stories the characters were supposed to be very intelligent people who do stupid things that just get them into more trouble.
 I loved this story.  It was a great mystery and a great thriller.  I was on edge throughout the whole book.
 It's larger than I expected, but you can't beat the price!
 certainly not his best book, but it does continue to make me think after reading it!
 While reading this book. I would pause to look up events and symbols from the book. I had some knowledge of the symbols so was able to solve some of th clues. Over all this book is amazingly written. The stunningness of some of the events and facts that actually were real kept me reading. This is probably my new favorite book.
 Typical Dan Brown offering. Great flow, several twists and turns and smatterings of factual information mixed within. This book will not disappoint.
 This was a great book. Dan Brown really knows how to write to keep your attention!  This is a wonderful addition to the series.
 I enjoyed the story but not nearly as much as the other titles. It seemed to keep going and going...and more than once I caught myself scanning. I wanted to know what happened ...I was invested, but I wasn't interested in the minute details that clogged, rather than improved, the story. I wouldn't reccommend it.
 How many years did we wait for this book.  First, it is apparent that it was written with a movie in mind.  Second, it was a 'core' dump on everything that Dan Brown could research and then prove to us that he (or his staff) did all this research.  Too often it was unbelievable and way to often it was boring, I was afraid to skim for fear that maybe, just maybe, Dan Brown had something interesting to say.  The beginning was a good read, the ending was tough.
 Another Dan Brown book that I couldn’t put down once I started reading!  I really enjoyed The Lost Symbol and got drawn into the storyline!
 Dan Brown has become formulistic (ok - not a real word, but hopefully you get the point).  The plot was predictable and the ending - well just lousy and didn't even make sense or resolve the plot line!  Definatly not worth the time or money to read it!  I won't be reading another Dan Brown book!
 Having read several other Dan Brown books, this one keeps pace with the others.  It's a good book, and it keeps you reading along anxiously awaiting the next revelation.  I would definitely recommend it, but it's nowhere near as satisfying as some of the prior books.  The whole book leads you up towards some huge revelation, and then it just drops you off with one of the worst written endings ever.  It's worse than a cliffhanger, as you get an ending that is just sadly disappointing.  It's as if Dan Brown had this great idea for a book, and how to build the suspense, but couldn't think of any big mystery to solve.  Again, I'd still recommend the book, but was hoping for something more.
 I really enjoyed reading this book. Of the Dan Brown's books I enjoyed<br/>Angel and Demons the best, and then this one. I understand a lot of<br/>people feel this book not as good or dynamic as Da Vinci's code, but in<br/>my opinion it is better. Just open your mind to the reading and stop<br/>comparing as you read. Do your retrospective afterwards and feel the<br/>energy of the story.
 Like all of Dan Brown's books, this was a page turner that kept me reading fast! I really enjoyed it.
 Having enjoyed both angels and demons and the da vinci code, i was looking forward to another intriguing thriller from dan brown.  Unfortunately what I got was formulatic plot with painfully obvious plot twists discovered even before midway through the book.  there was absolutely nothing original about this story and the ending was ludicrous.  why all the hoopla for such a so-what secret.  and that in a nutshell is what is core problem with the book.  you get to the secret revealed and your reaction is...so what.  the masons created a whole intricate and elaborate myth to protect a secret that is...not really a secret?  what??  why don't i write a book about the rufifarians - a secret sect of some order who through a convoluted series of puzzles and maps and secrets keep a precious and ancient secret...and the ending reveals that...the secret is...water is refreshing.  yes, the ending was that bad of a let down.  do not waste your time on this drivel.  if i could go negative stars i would.
 Very slow moving. Not very interesting topic. I couldn't finish the book.
 Very good read.  This book contains a huge amount of information about a variety of subjects. Some of which I was not familiar. However, this  did not spoil the enjoyment and excitement of this book. It became a little wordy at times. Overall, I enjoyed reading this book and look forward to a new release.
 I loved the fact that after the all the action was over the story didn't end right away, but explained things further.
 Well I have been a devoted follower of Dan Brown since I was in college. This is my favorite masterpieces from the author as it is super thrilling and gripping.
 Dan Brown does it well, A+! Noetic science is the future - forget organized religion (which is all about the almighty dollar).
 I read and enjoyed The Davinci Code, Angels &amp; Demons as well as Digital Fortress.  I did not enjoy the Lost Symbol at all.  The story was poorly written the plot was at times so ridiculous that I found myself repeatedly rolling my eyes.  It's infuriating how stupid Katherine Solomon's character is.  Agent Sato's belligerence did not make sense at all.  I'm vastly annoyed by the ending and I also knew who the villain was way too soon in the story.  It really was not worth the time I spent reading it.
 Pretty predictable and boring, a monument for Deux Ex Machina abuse.
 For those who haven't noticed, Mr Brown writes every novel approximately the same way. Take specifics out and the plot lines would be identical.  This book is no different.  That having been said, like all other Brown books, this one is fun to read and contains some surprising levels of complexity.
 Good quick read. As much fun as his previous novels. This one should not cause any blur between fiction and reality. "Angels &amp; Demons" is still his best in my opinion
 Unlike the last few novels, Brown depicts his organization of interest in a wise victim rather than evil incarnate, which is a nice change. It's also nice to read a novel he has based in the US. But while this book is readable, it was still predictable and not up to the level that some of his other writing are.  I would consider this a good way to bide your time between Da Vinci Code and whatever he does next.  It's not hard to put down, but not hard to pick up either.
 I enjoyed this book immensely. It was full of suspense and I couldn't put it down. The research was amazing and meticulously done. Unlike some of the other reviewers, I didn't figure anything out, because I didn't want to. I went along for the ride and kept turning the pages. I think this is Dan Brown's best book to date. It is evident that because of his fame, he gained access to some places that most of us never knew existed. I always wondered what the Masons were all about. Whether he revealed any secrets or he made it up, it was a fascinating read. I want to go to Washington for the inevitable " Lost Symbol Tour ".
 Disappointing in pacing and ending. My favorite book of his remains angels and demons.
 Formulaic Dan Brown. There must be an app for this Masonic intrigue plot hoodoo.
 While the book does have a few good moments, and one surprising plot twist, overall it went nowhere.  Reading it I kept getting the feeling that it had no ending.  I'm not sure Dan Brown even knew were he was going with his "ancient mysteries", which seamed to change from one thing to another through the book as the characters kept changing their minds about what they were going to uncover.  The book seemed to drone on, it was difficult to finish, and the end was very disappointing.  The Lost Symbol uses the same formula of A&amp;D's and The DaVinci Code, and does manage to recreate some of the suspense of Langdon's previous adventures.  However, this time around the "codes" were less believable, and it all just seemed like a waste of time. It just didn't live up to all the hype.
 After reading the Davinci Code, I was intrigued.  I got this book at the library, not seeking it out, just looking for something to pass the time.  While there were parts that I enjoyed, there was a lot of annoying, useless twaddle that could have been cut out, reducing this 639 page book to a healthy 450-500 pages.  There was one part in particular, where Brown built up, built up, built up... then murdered his suspense with a screwdriver by giving a long-winded flashback of a lecture.  It stopped the book right in its tracks.  Not terrible, but not Dan Brown's best.  I expected a little bit more, but if you're a fan, read it for yourself.  It's good for a rainy afternoon.
 Wow, some of these reviews are absolutely brutal!  This is not one of them.  I'm not a fan of fiction in general.  However, I enjoy Dan Brown's novels because they interlace history, religion, and story together.  I was quite entertained and couldn't put the book down.  Although it was easy to see where the story was headed, I enjoyed the journey.<br/><br/>I think that some of the reviewers here expect too much from a novel!  This is entertainment, folks...
 I enjoyed The Lost Symbol -- maybe because I read it at a time when an uncomplicated, and yet intriguing story was a pleasant distraction from everyday stress.<br/><br/>It's an easy read, fast-paced and engaging with lots of interesting possibilities to contemplate.<br/><br/>I consider 3 stars to be a 'good' rating; and 4 stars to be a 'very good' rating.<br/>A book would have to be 'exceptional' to get 5 stars from me.
 Loved every second of it. So much to learn, explore and investigate. Another of Dan Brown's intricate perspective on possibilities.
 very much like author's previous books.  Same central character and theme.  Symbols, secrets, hidden meanings, conspiracy...Ancient times thru modern day theories...story moved along.  However, the format and content so much like Da Vinci code, left very little intrigue for the reader
 There are parts of this book that are interesting or compelling to read, but I could not get over the ending, it felt as if Mr. Brown was a modern-day linguistic Eiffel and ran short on his projection of how much steel he would need to finish. Sure I'm just the guy saying it looks silly, but The Lost Symbol is probably not going down as iconic of American fiction either.
 Really in excellent condition , brand new, can t be more new, just as described 1st edition!!
 I didn't like this book. The story line was weird, full of overdone references to science, religion, and everything and anything that might remotly look intriguing to an average mind. Brown exploits some science notions and wiggles them in front of your nose like they wiggle noise-making toys in front of babies. I loved Da Vinci Code and maybe I am just saturated with Brown's style. This book, being the II one I read by Brown, reminds of watching "Something About Mary" the II time: first time it was great, II time (II book in this case), it fails to impress completely. I will say that I didn't dislike the book to leave it half way through. I finished it and I am glad I did but it left me with this "what the hell" bitter "taste in the mouth".
 Only in the internet age of attention spans that deplete upon arrival could anyone be entertained by this dreadful "writer". Ridiculous drivel, just like the last one.
 Great Book with a great ending.
 Good Read
 His books are always riveting and entertaining
 If you liked The DaVinci Code, you should like this book-- especially if you want to read the EXACT same book over and over again.<br/><br/>Let's go over Dan's writing checklist:<br/><br/>1) Mysterious summons from old friend/mentor... Check.<br/>2) Lead female character linked/related to (1) above... Check.<br/>3) "Inside" look at the secret ceremonies of a semi-mysterious organization... Check.<br/>4) Shady character linked to (3)... Check.<br/>5) Reference to the sacred feminine... Check.<br/><br/>Yep, It's a Dan Brown book!  How could it possibly have taken him 6 years to write this? I am really thankful that that my Kindle let me read the first bit for free and saved me $10.
 You should skip them all.  There are about 200 pages of story, the rest is moralistic droning.  I started skipping the sermons and paging forward to where the story resumed.<br/><br/>What's worse, the plot twists are so obvious they were a little insulting.  Wait for the movie, I'm sure they'll be able to stretch out the story to fill two hours - if there are a lot of credits.
 this book is interesting in its information about masons, but other than that it is annoying in that you could predict what is going to happen based on the format being the exact same thing as Brown's other books. Langdon seemed to be more annoying than in previous adventures in that despite what he had been through in france and italy, was so surprised by everything that happened to him in this experience. Too unrealistic that it was frustrating.
 I have read most of his books...and I must say after Deception Point; this is the second disappointment. After reading about 1/3'rd of it you start wondering why you continue to read..."the ancient mysteries of the pyramid" is repeated so much that you come to a point where it does not matter any more...plus it is more like a screenplay then a story...I am sorry; but I did not find any creativity in it..
 It seems to me most everyone that has reviewed this book are pompous a-holes who are jealous that people read Dan Browns words instead of theres. Word of advice, make a review short and sweet. When you start numbering a review 1-10 point by point dissecting this book telling how Brown should have done "this" or "that" you look like an idiot.<br/><br/>This book is good. If you enjoyed Brown's other works you will enjoy this one.<br/><br/>If you are only reading Brown's books to find faults, get a day job. His books are full of inconstancies and embellished fact. Everyone already knows that. No need to write a 1000 word review explaining EVERYTHING that you dislike about the book. His books are meant to get you to THINK and for your ENJOYMENT. If you buy this book to look like a fool and criticize it on Amazon YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE READ IT IN THE FIRST PLACE.
 It is a sad state in the realm of American fiction that DB is able to convince thousands of reviewers here, and millions who bought this book, that what we have here is a good book. DB violates every convention of fiction to produce a plodding, ham-handed, clumsy "story" that in the end is implausible and absurd. What a waste of time. From his knowledge dumps to his utterly crappy dialogue, this is just pure junk.
 This was a fast paced entertaining book to read. There were times when all the little details got to be too much. But overall I enjoyed the book.
 The Lost Symbol may be one of Dan Brown's best books. It was very fast paced and sucked the reader right in from the beginning. The ideas in the book kept you interested because they seemed as if they could be real, even though they may not be 100 percent fact. Any history fan would love this book.
 Very good reading
 It was really well written until the last 40 or 50 pages of the book. Then it just became boring and super preach-y. I was not impressed with the ending at all.
 I have found Dan Brown's previous works mildly entertaining, but this one barely kept me interested enough to care about the conclusion.  Dragged out beyond belief, and I found it really hard to believe that these returning characters could be this naive.  Felt like a very forced and inadequate sequel.
 I have read all Dan Brown's books and have enjoyed them all as historical fiction.  Reread all in illustrated version and liked much better.  Adds a lot to actually see places and items rather than trying to imagine from discriptions.  Would advise anyone to read illustrated versions even though a little more expensive.
 From the ludicrous descriptions behind the history of the villain, to the section in which the main character is blindfolded, only to end up in the most obvious place in Washington D.C., the author gives you plenty of opportunities to say "Aw, come on!"  I hated the book, don't know what my husband and other see in it...
 There is no there there.  Bad science explained slowly is still bad science. The characters are flat. This is simply not how smart thoughtful people behave.
 I have read both The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons and this book is quite sad in comparison.  Its as if Dan Brown enlisted a ghost writer who only skimmed his other works.  I found myself constantly skipping pages ahead just to maintain interest.  Not to mention the ending is pathetic and honestly a little corny.  Don't waste your time or money.
 Right now there are 2601 reviews for the original (non-illustrated) version of this book, so I'll spare you the whole "what is this about" mantra because you probably already know.  This book is another in the "Let's Illustrate Dan Brown" series and is easily the best one yet.  How they fit in the number of pictures they did while not taking away from the story is beyond me.  It's not a secret as to why this book is coming out around the beginning of the Christmas shopping season; this will make an awesome gift for those who have and have not read this book.  I have each and every one of the illustrated versions AND in a word, they're worth it.  The pictures are colorful and bright and are in perfect concert with the story.  The calligraphy is beautiful, and when you wrap it around a larger, more gorgeous book frame... marvelous.
 Moved slowly at times. Very wordy at others. Not as good as the previous Robert Langdon books. Still, a decent read with some compelling and thought provoking passages.
 This is not as good as probably Angels and Demons or the Da Vinci Code but is an improvement from Brown's Deception point and Digtal fortress duo. The storyline is more or less predictable and follows the same pattern as rest of his novels. The clues are easily deciphered even with out extensive knowledge of Freemason history. The clues end up being primary school stuffs and do not force the same kind of reaction as Angels and Demons or Da Vinci Code. The narration is more like a movie script than a book...which is good in one sence but does not provide the thrill the way a book should. Overall a decent timepass read and probably Dan Brown's 3rd best publication by a long way.
 The more you can understand it's (mostly) fiction, the more you'll enjoy it. The journey Dan Brown takes you on is a thrilling adventure full of surprises.
 Lost Symbols was a real page turner, with a lot interesting old world history lost to many modern texts. This is one of Dan Brown's best books in my opinion.
 Dan Brown's greatest talent lies in his being able to mystify, and often amaze, the reader with true facts that are puzzle pieces that fit together in the most astounding ways.  No one else can do this like Brown can.  The characters are interesting and the action never lets up. Actually sometimes I wished it did so we could see more into the hearts of the characters.  Everyone at work had read this book or was reading this book when I was. Often someone would walk by, tap the cover and say, "Good book".  I think that says it all.
 Really enjoyed
 Best book I ever read and defines USA history, morals and values. The foundation of America and love for this country the unshakeable forefathers who carve a path for the moral and deserving decendants of men with conviction
 Dan Brown's The Lost Symbol is a fun, freaky, fantastic read. I enjoyed learning more about all the symbolism incorporated into the buildings in Washington DC, about the hopes of our nation's founders for a society based on knowledge, wisdom and spirituality.<br/><br/>Brown is brilliant, a great storyteller with an inspiring story to tell. Though I rarely re-read books, I will read The Lost Symbol again someday because, even as I raced through the story, propelled by the thrilling adventure and so many secrets revealed, I found many instances where I knew there was more: layers of meaning, circles in circles.
 The topics are interesting but the writing simply did not grab me, pull me in and keep me reading the same way that the DVC did. I couldn't get past the third chapter.
 The ending seemed week
 Couldn't believe how shallow and unbelievable the story was.  I'm embarrassed to say that I actually kept at it hoping that it would get better.  It didn't.
 This book is absolutely terrible for all the same reasons that other readers have identified. It  was somewhat exciting in the beginning but there were many parts I had to skim through that were langdon and solomon spurting off a bunch of BS over and over again with no resolution in the end and no basis in reality whatsoever. One of the WORST BOOKS I have ever read!
 Brown continues luring one into the secrets and conspiracies that we just all can't seem to get enough of. The book is up there somewhere between The Da Vinic Code and The Last Cato or Labrynth.<br/>Great night time reading.
 Well written, fast paced and hard to put down.<br/>Feels like you're there in the narrative.<br/>Highly recommend reading this book.
 I think I would have likely this book a lot more had I not already read D-Code and Angels and Demons.  The plot was too similar but this book didn't make me stop and think like the other two did.  I also think I would have enjoyed it more if my expectations had been lower.  A good book, but not great.  If you are a Dan Brown fan, you will likely enjoy it but not fall in love with it.
 The worst of his books. Boring. A lot of jibberish. Slow moving. Loved his other books. Skimmed through a lot of the pages. Pass on this one.
 This book really wasn't worth the wait or hype. It, quite simply, is a formulaic attempt at writing another "Da Vinci Code". I find myself turning many pages for all the wrong reasons: just to get through the drivel about the bad guy and the endless, and sometimes pointless, explanations about the Masons and their symbols. You know a book has problems when you can turn 5 pages, start reading again and not have missed a thing of interest.
 This book was a waste of time. Although the beginning is interesting, the book seems to fall apart in the middle and comes to a weak ending. Angels &amp; Demons was a fascinating book and the Da Vinci code was an OK read. Dan Brown seems to be slipping!
 What an awful, predictable, stupid book.  While,some authors, like wine, grow better with age, Dan Brown withers on the vine.  This is just a regurgitation of the DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons.  Same old formulaic tripe.  Dan Brown should take a page from the movie "Inglorious Basterds" and take a risk.  Each of these books has a great build up and then its sinks into disappointment.  I also can't stand his preachiness on what he believes God is.  Please spare me.
 I really like Robert Langdon as a character -- the way he is knowledgeable yet humble, secure in his beliefs yet willing to accept other's.  Having said that I just did not get the feeling of "urgency" -- the life and death in the balance that I had with Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code. The science in the book was a little much in my opinion.  Kind of hard for me to get inot-- that may have had something to do with my opinion.  It was a decent read, just not great.
 Another exciting and interesting Dan Brown book. I love these books, because I learn so much history while being on the edge of my seat.
 I see one thing all these negative reviews have in common, their disinterest in philosophy, science, and religion. They seem like the people in the book too obsessed with the Redskins game to care about the events around them.<br/><br/>I personally thought that this was better than the Davinci Code, for it's breath of fresh air into a system that is so condemning of the pursuit of knowledge. The situations the characters get in are always exciting, and better, they always actually exist. The story is suspenseful and I was always waiting to find out what was going to happen next in the plot. I also was always trying to guess what was going to happen or what discovery they would make next based on my own research of symbols, religion, and philosophy.<br/><br/>It was a quick and exciting book, and I can't wait for the next one.<br/><br/>If you have done any reading into this subject, this book is totally fantastic, if not however, don't bother, you won't enjoy it.
 I pre-ordered this book, and expected to get it (as advertised) on the release date.  Imagine my surprise to find that I have a ship date of September 21.  I've spoken to Amazon customer service, which was no help, and the customer service representative said I should have ordered priority shipping.  I have pre-ordered on Amazon before with great results, even for Harry Potter and Twilight books.  It's too late to cancel the order and just pick it up at my local bookstore.  I didn't really want to wait until October to get this book, and am very disappointed in Amazon, especially the very rude service representative.
 Overly symbolic<br/>We know he's a symbol expert but it becomes overbearing. however the basic story is interesting. Would recommend as action thriller
 Dan Brown has basically rewritten The Da Vinci Code and simply inserted Masonic symbology for Christian symbology.  I found the mystery porton tiresome.  Been there, read that.  I wish Mr. Brown would forget the mystery and simply write about symbology and Noetics.  I  found the chapters that focused on the symbols and Noetics fascinating and, even life changing.
 I believe that all books should be "read" first on tape before they are published so the editors can pick up on illogical or just stupid writing!  The book on CD is very short, 5 CD's.<br/><br/>Amazing how Langdon flies to Washington, prepares for a big speach, yet isn't greeted by anyone before he enters into the lecture hall?<br/><br/>And, these supposed high tech, secure labs, being accessed with a swipe card and PIN?  No biometric or retinal scan?  Come on.  Who could have a conversation with Robert Langdon, he's always spouting some long diatribe.<br/><br/>The best part was the character of Peter Simon.  He was kidnapped, mutilated, put in sensory deprivation, yet he requires no doctor and can take the time to explain to Peter the meaning of it all?  There is one part where the book reads " Peter put his hand on Langdon's shoulder", what, did he put the bloody stump on his shoulder?  When Peters sister flies out to the house where the security company supposedly finds him in "bad shape", why don't they notice there is no ambulance outside?<br/><br/>I could go on.  I ended up yelling at the end of Angels and Demon's too.  Unbelievable stuff when you "hear" it.
 Great read, as always.
 This book is very thought provoking. The plot is a little over the top but exciting and intricate. A little contrived but well put together.. I am a Christian but found myself agreeing with most of the underlying philosophy. I highly recommend this book.
 I knew that "The Davici Code" would be a tough act to follow, especially with all of the books and movies that have tried to capitalize on that genre since the Davici Code came out. I thought the book started slow (for the first couple hundred pages or so) and then picked up some speed. It slowed down considerably after the evil character (for lack of a better term) finished his part and I've now spent the last three days trying to get through the last 40 or so pages. I can't see this being made into a movie. If it is I would likely go see it just to see the sites in Washington but it certainly wouldn't be for the story.
 I really enjoyed DVC, and A&amp;D.  Just a few pages into TLS it felt like the 2 page chapters were an attempt to meet a publishers deadline and fill space.<br/><br/>I love the research and background that are Brown's signature.  However, the storytelling itself lacks art and elegance.  It feels like he shoves the history/background/research/architecture into a common formula.  The Masonic descriptions seemed to be respectful.  I have to confess I was expecting more Joseph Smith/Mormonism references for a 'American' centric exploration of early U.S. history, architecture and mythology.<br/><br/>I was expecting better story and evolving/improving style.
 Great book. Read it as entertainment, not an attack on your religion, and you will really enjoy it. I say this as a devote Christ follower.
 Compelling read, great break from a research regimine.<br/>quick moving, almost breathless pace. Classical Brown. Gave even an agnostic pause!
 Plots within plots!  Highly recommend this book.  If you like Dan Brown books, this one will not disappoint you.  Reading the other Langdon books is not required to enjoy this one.
 Entertaining read.  Thought evoking and delighted to see emphasis on our Founding Fathers' Faith basis in establishing our country.
 "The author of The Da Vinci Code is at the top of the best sellers list again this time telling an intriguing story of Free Masons and mathematics in Washington, D.C."
 Amazing book!
 Have to agree with many of the posters here. Too many cliched characters: the diminutive Japanese CIA lady straight out of "The Incredibles"; the tatooed protagonist just the albino from DVC in reverse; the evil Turkish prison guard from "Midnight Express," the wise religious man who sees with his hands...I could go on and on. Forget the so-called science. You can see the plot twists coming a mile away. Is there ANYONE who didn't know the true identity of the villain immediately? Or the location where it would all end? Or what was inside the box Langdon was given? But I think when it got to the "drowning" scene, I lost it completely. I simply could not believe he would re-create a scene from a 20-year-old movie.<br/><br/>What hasn't been mentioned here is the absolute idiocy of the characters' behavior. A brilliant scientist lets a stranger into her secret lab because she receives a TEXT message? Who wouldn't question that? By her own admission, her brother didn't even know how to text! The use of phone messages throughout is maddening. A major CIA director hears someone saying, "I'll be there in 20 minutes" and never questions that he might be lying? Langdon flies off at a moment's notice without any confirmation that the person he's speaking to represents the person he says he does? And SURE, I'll bring along this sacred thing that I've been told to keep hidden for years just because you say so! DB keeps using this same device over and over and it simply defies all sense. "Oh, well, this person says he's my brother's doctor--my brother who's been MISSING--so, sure, I'll just run right over there and have a chat with him." In a private home that looks nothing like a doctor's office. "Sure, I'll have some tea!" And why on EARTH would a wealthy and powerful man like Peter Solomon not have some kind of security around to begin with? Would the guard at his building really let a limousine pass through without seeing who was in the back seat? No video cameras anywhere to capture him carrying out an unconscious man? Too much...just, too much.<br/><br/>Plus the repetition. I wish someone would count the number of times Langdon says something like, "But the blah-blah is just blah-blah," only to be shown a few pages later that--OMG, I NEVER THOUGHT OF IT THAT WAY! After the fiftieth time it happens, wouldn't Langdon maybe keep his mouth shut or learn that things "aren't always what they seem"? And the ending. Without giving anything away, what exactly is the point of the pyramid and the secret codes and symbols if the answer is already known? Doesn't that make the entire plot pointless to begin with? It's not really such a big secret after all, is it? Why wouldn't everyone be screaming it from the rooftops instead of shrouding it in secrecy? I literally could go on and on. You could teach a course in senseless plot points based on this book.
 I enjoyed The DaVinci Code and had high expectations for Lost Symbol.  We were led on a thrill packed ride through Washington DC, which was a great adventure worthy of a successor to DaVinci Code.  The plot however was a major let down, leaving a very hollow feeling after reading the book.<br/><br/>The (theatrically bad) villain is planning to commit some terrible deed, could this be a WMD, the opening of a portal to some other dimension, a plague of alien creatures........... no wait - he's going to release a Discovery Channel video about Freemasons.
 I liked the story and the adventure that Robert goes on, however I was let down by the ending. Maybe my expectations were too high.
 I, like most Dan Brown fans, was excited when The Lost Symbol went on sale.  The book started off at a good pace and kept my interest but somewhere around the middle of the book the momentum came to a screeching halt. The book is wrought with pointless bantering back and forth about absolutely nothing. I agree with several other reviewers...Langdon is a useless ninny in this book, whole chapters could have and should have been done away with and the ending was a huge letdown. While I don't expect any writer to crank out a literary masterpiece everytime he/she sits down to write a book, I have to admit I expected more from Mr. Brown.
 Brown's first two books were 5 star. The next two (including this one) were bad. Real bad. Angels &amp; Lost are not worth reading. They are filled with page stretching nothingness and have endings that are so inconsistent with the build up in the books.
 After reading Angels &amp; Demons, I was hooked to Dan Brown...Then followed the the Da Vinci Code, and finally The Lost Symbol...As to where Dan Brown draws everything out over long processes, his detail to actual fact amazes me. I think the reason I like to read his books so much is because I learn a lot of the ACTUAL history, while reading his suspenseful tale. Was VERY pleased with this one, just as the others!
 I've noticed that Dan Brown seems to have the same pattern of writing for all his books but it never becomes redundant. And what I like the most is after reading any book by him I come away not only with pleasure but also a wealth of knowledge I'd never would have discovered. Thank you for challenging my mind!
 First off, let me say this book is pretty heavy which is good in a lot of ways.  Heavy books can be useful in many respects including, but not limited to:  smashing flies, holding down stuff in a windy room, building mini Stonehenge replicas, and trapping a pet hermit crab in the corner when vacuuming.<br/><br/>This book has other uses not related to its heaviness.  One particularly useful trait of this book is that is a good coaster for many types of beverages, including but not limited to:  coffee, Crystal Light, juice, and sarsaparilla.  Based upon personal experience I do not recommend this book for holding milk.<br/><br/>Finally, I like this book because it looks very respectable on my new book shelf.  I just bought furniture best described as burnt tangerine in color.  Until I received this book, I hadn't found any literature that matched my new color scheme without unnecessary clash.  This stylish book has now made my shelving the envy of all my friends.<br/><br/>In conclusion, I would highly recommend this book to anyone.  I think this book is the equivalent of a Swiss Army knife in its many uses.  If it were not for the foul milk smell coming from this books interior, I would have given this book five stars.  I hope you have found this review helpful.<br/><br/>Love,<br/><br/>Ty
 The long-awaited Lost Symbol by Dan Brown has finally appeared.  Does it live up to its hype?  Yes!  Is it a fun read?  Yes!  It is great literature?  No, but it's not supposed to be.  Does it emulate Brown's successful pattern from Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons?  Yes!  Is it predictable in that sense?  Sorta!  Will it make a fun movie?  Yes!<br/><br/>It's not clear from some of the other reviews what some people were expecting, but they should know by now that Brown is not another Steinbeck, Hemingway, Wolfe, or Melville, nor is he trying to be.  He's a writer of fun-to-read novels that make the reader wonder about things around him or her.  He probably isn't writing now because he needs the money (not after the success of his previous works!); he's apparently writing because it's as much fun for him as it is for us readers -- at least those of us who don't expect him to produce something that he isn't even trying to produce.<br/><br/>So, sit down and enjoy it, but maybe after you align your expectations to what Dan Brown was trying to produce.  You definitely won't fall asleep!  And you'll learn some interesting things about our nation's capital, Washington, DC, just as you learned things about London, Paris, Rome, and other European cities from his last two novels.  Europe definitely does not have a monopoly on mysteries!  Nor does the Catholic Church!
 First book I read on the Kindle. As usual with D Brown novels, the set up is well done and the suspense builds quickly.<br/><br/>However, the climax was such a letdown and the ending was extremely long and boring.  I actually skipped the last few chapters and moved on to a new novel for my kindle.<br/><br/>Save your time and enjoy a better written novel!
 a solid story, well told
 The best thing about this book was reading the reviews and realizing that others hated it too.  I did not read Angels and Demons but thought DaVinci was OK.  This one was given to me when I was ill and it made me feel even worse.  Badly written.  Pretentious.  Absurd characters.  Absolutely dreadful.  One star is one too many.  Glad I didn't buy it and will not pass it on - to the landfill.
 As a reader I truly loved Angels and Demons using my Kindel Text to Speech.  In saying this, I have wanted to have that same enjoyment with this novel.  However, Dan Brown has decided not to allow this choice as of yet and that breaks my heart.  Which forces me to go onward to other authors such as Stephen King.  In my research this author has no issues how his novel is read as long as the public reads.  Great choice by Stephen King!
 Very interesting and good read. Will have you wondering.
 I first read angels and demons and very much liked the book.  The lost symbol was a very good in terms of mystery and the twists and secrets.  Definitely a must read.<br/><br/>The only issue i found was that there are many parts of the book (especially near the end) where a whole bunch of information is tossed at you or the story seems to be lagging quite a bit.  At times i found myself wondering when the end came.
 Frankly, its been too long waiting for this book! Dan Brown's The lost symbol is a terrific  read for anyone looking for a fast paced, enlightening story.  I bought it opening day, put it aside till the weekend and finished it within 48 hours.  Why?  Because this is the book i was looking for this past summer.  A creative, historical ride alongside Robert Langdom investigating mysteries built within the freemasons set in washington dc with a rapid fire plot.  Dan Brown delivers and for that we should all be grateful he didn't just melt under the pressure of previous successes and not complete The Lost symbol.  The painstaking detail he provides concerning DC architecture, freemason rituals, and the new sciences such as noetics makes you reread pages and ask questions like "is that true"?  I loved the journey and was sorry it ended.
 The only reason I give this book 2 stars is because it is a page-turner at times and I learned some interesting things about Washington, D.C. Most of the time, though, the events in the book seem implausible and then it ends with a lecture. I really hate that.
 Do yourself a favor.  Save your money.  It will be coming to your Garage or Yard Sale soon.  THEN DON'T BUY IT!  Shody writing, pseudo science, but not nearly interesting as TV's "Fringe".  In fact, watch "Fringe" it is MUCH more entertaining.
 Brown does it again! Over and over!! Same crazy amd ugly tattooed and sado-masochistic villain. Good chases as usual, nice reversals in plot, but the novel feels like I have already read it. My neighbor volunteered the same insights. Too much of the usual.<br/><br/>Gand
 The Lost Symbol by Dan Brown is an inspirational and ingenious masterpiece that shines brilliantly and uplifts mind and spirit! I savored the rich story during my spare time for more than two weeks and finished it with awe and wonder.<br/>  Robert Langdon arrives to Washington DC only to find he was lured there by a fanatical mystic who calls himself Mal'akh. The most terrifying villain ever created by Dan Brown, Mal'akh is a muscular giant tattooed from head to toes with religious and mystical ancient symbols and is set on a quest to be godlike himself, but an evil god. He is obsessed with obtaining the lost word known only by the most elite of Free Masons and to that end he has brutally kidnapped Langdon's longtime dear friend and mentor, billionaire and Secretary of The Smithsonian, Peter Solomon. Mal'akh has cursed the house of Peter Solomon for many years in his relentless pursuit of secret knowledge.<br/>  Years ago Peter Solomon trusted Langdon with the golden capstone of the legendary Masonic Pyramid. Mal'akh gives Langdon an ultimatum: in order to save Peter, he will have to decipher the capstone. What follows is a race against time through various Washington Landmarks that yield clues and along the way Langdon puts the pieces of the puzzle together.<br/>  Peter Solomon's sister Katherine is a Noetic Scientist whose experiments prove the power of the human mind to affect subatomic matter. The implications of her work are powerful, literally "mind over matter." Mal'akh set on destroying the house of Solomon and especially anything that could enlighten humans detours to destroy her lab and would even have killed her if Langdon had not intervened and warned her. But the warning was almost too late. And the scene in which Mal'akh chases her throughout a pitch dark airplane-hanger-like building is utterly chilling, and they way that she escapes is literally brilliant! The scenes of this book linger in my mind continually revealing their multiple layers.<br/>  Katherine and Langdon team up as they evade the CIA Director of Security, a small, stern and dirty chain-smoking woman Inoue Sato. A survivor of Japanese internment camps and of throat cancer, she hunts them relentlessly pursuing the capstone  and Langdon's decipher skills for her own mysterious reasons.<br/>  But just when they believe they have saved Peter, they realize they were tricked again by Make-up wearing Mal'akh. He ambushes them in his secret lair and puts Robert Langdon through the greatest torture imaginable and forces Katherine to watch in horror. He drowns Robert Langdon to make him reveal what he knows about the symbols on the pyramid and then leaves him for dead. Dan Brown raises suspense to a whole new amazing level as the reader is forced to grapple with the words on the pages which tell the story of Robert Langdon's drowning.<br/>  The tale becomes even scarier as it is revealed the full facts of who Mal'akh is, what his true motives are and the real reasons why he has relentlessly haunted the life of Peter Solomon. The climactic confrontation between Peter and Mal'akh ends with painful revelation and glass shattering shards of truth that pierce the heart and lead the way to the final breathless scenes.<br/>  The Lost Symbol is an incredible novel of life, death mind and spirit! Dan Brown flawlessly weaves the history of the Masons and of the Founding Fathers of our Nation together with notions from ancient wisdom, the Judeo Christian scriptures and Noetic science. The result is an awe inspiring masterpiece of biblical proportions.
 Pretty hokey and anticlimactic. But, if you follow Noetic sciences and are interested in Masonic history you will find the majority of this book interesting from that perspective. Dan Brown really had the opportunity to turn this into a real Indiana Jones adventure but fell so flat.  A disappointment since I wanted the thrills of the adventure. I wish it had ended with something earth shattering hidden in the corner stone!
 I am really not as "taken" with this book as the other two - one of the biggest detractors, for me, is all the terminology (scientific) in the early chapters - I just skimmed over those pages because it was just way too far over my head! This is definitely not a "grabber" book and for all the hype, very disappointed.
 It was a good book though a pretty similar story line overall as the previous book.  There were a few moments that left me thinking that it would be different.
 I will say that when I first found out that the Lost Symbol was to be coming out I became a little nervous due to the fact that I love Dan Brown's books. I was worried because the setting was different it isn't placed in Europe, and also the idea of Free Masonary to me sounded almost boring.<br/><br/>This book when I finished it exceeded any expectations I had for it. Flat out getting to the point I loved it so much. While its true the plot twist at the end was somewhat obvious if you read the book and paid attention, the book itself contained historical evidence and true logic like other Dan Brown books this one might be tested as false.<br/><br/>For me after reading this book through twice and loving it more the second time I've concluded these three things:<br/><br/>1. Dan Brown is one of the best authors I've ever come by<br/>2. This book is intelligent and witty... just the way I like it.<br/>3. In my opinion the order of amazingness of the Robert Langdon adventures goes as follows:<br/>  3. Da Vinchi Code<br/>  2. The Lost Symbol<br/>  1. Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>This book is no Angels and Demons but it cuts it pretty close. All in all, I say Dan Brown has hit another home run with this book.
 I enjoyed reading this book.  The storyline was mostly predictable, but there were a few surprises.  It had enough suspense to keep me wanting more.  My biggest complaint is the ending.  It really should have ended a couple chapters earlier, if it had I probably would give it another star.
 This was such a good book. I couldn't hardly put it down, and it did surprise me in places with the plot twists. I thought it was well documented, factual and well done. Dan Brown just gets better and better. And I soooo enjoy the fun and games trying to solve the riddles, codes and mysteries that usually surround his books... Very Clever!!
 This was a great book. Keeps you interested all the way through. I would recommend this to anyone who likes Dan Brown
 Dan Brown has always have the ability to take the user directly into the book to the point where its almost impossible to leave down. This book is no exception, its right up there with the da Vinci code, angels and demons and deception point. While it focuses on the religious aspect of things again, Brown provides enough intrigue and twists to keep even the most avid reader occupied and longing for more.
 but not great.<br/>One improvement over "The Da Vinci Code" was that the puzzles were actually pretty arcane and not easily solved at first glance by anyone except the brilliant Dr. Langdon.<br/>On the downside, there is an unecessary amount of location descriptions and the evil nutcase Mal'ack is just ridiculous.<br/>It's clever, but a bit of a slog, and there are some plot twists that are just annoying and needlessly complex.
 This is a wonderful thriller, teaching about masonic thinking and the amazing idea that we are all special, in a way you probably never thought about. A must have for anyone in love with scifi thrillers!
 I enjoyed the book. It was full of surprise and suspense. It also had interesting Washington DC facts and mason of intrigue.
 I liked The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons........but The Lost Symbol was The Lost Interest in Dan Brown for me.  I had to force myself to finish the book.  It was NOT a pager-turner it was a page too-many.  What was the point?  That Washington was basically built as a city to Praise God or The Word with all the ancient wisdom is the Bible.  It was so heavy-handed on the symbol/jumbo and the Masonic lore/ideals that I thought it was verging on a New Age religious tract.  Blah!
 Yes, we know Dan Brown is good and can entertain his audiences.  This book is just as entertaining...remember it is FICTION!!!  If you liked the first books of this series, you will like this one too.  The writing style is interesting, but he probably got many critics to speak about it.  If you are looking for a book regardless of his past books, to entertain you, this is a good book for you. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Financial-Purity/dp/0741453169/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Financial Purity</a>
 I love the topics Dan Brown chooses.  The DaVinci Code is a classic; Angels &amp; Demons is very entertaining.  The Lost Symbol is a failure.  This book bombs compared to what he does with content and plot in his other books.  Very disappointing.
 It had me going until about the middle, then suddenly the whole thing just falls apart and in the end you are left wondering why did he even write the book. The ending is so dumb, all these people are killed and for what - a mytar and a bible.  Please, National Treasure was better.  If your thinking of reading it - don't.
 Dan Brown isn't for everyone. I myself prefer his earlier works. This book tended to drag in certain parts. But overall it was interesting.
 Dan Brown has really slipped on this one.  An absurd story which pushes our willingness to suspend disbelief beyond any reasonable limits.  It was indeed a page turner, but I was turning pages in large part because I couldn't believe how inane the story was.  Even then, it was clear that the "obelisk surprise" was not going to be a surprise to anyone but Robert Langdon.  What a letdown!
 As I sat down in the empty corner of my room, I picked up this book sometime Saterday afternoon and closed it Sunday. In the past I have read the other two Robert Langdon books and thought that this one went above and beyond. The book begins when Robert Langdon recives a call  from his old freind and a free mason Peter Solomon's butler, who tells him to go to the Capitol Building. When he goes into the room to have his meeting he finds it desserted, on his way out he finds something very framiliar, a hand, a hand of Peter Solomon...
 I picked this book off of a list for a History class I'm taking as a freshman in college, although it was one of the longest ones on the list, I'm very pleased with my decision. This book is a page turner, I can't put it down. It has so many twist and turns that you don't see coming. In my opinion it is defiantly a book one should read, for enjoyment or just for the history. I love it, and I'm hoping they make it into a movie :-)
 Well if you loved the first two, then you'll love this one. The book picks up speed pretty quick, but after 2/3 of the way in it starts to slow down a little, and you begin to wish he would just get to the point already. Just like the first two this one is filled with interesting facts, mostly about washington D.C., and has lots of twists and turns.
 This book engaged me. It made me think. Very entertaining. A must read. Dan Brown is sooo persuasive; so very convincing.....
 Great read I loved this book.
 I was disappointed with Dan Brown this time. The Lost Symbol is so much like his previous books....the really strange villain, some unbelieveable situations, etc. It's more of a Masonic tell-all, and if that's what you want, it will be an interesting read. I just think he could do much better. I almost didn't finish it as I found it boring.
 I am an enormous fan of DV Code and thought Angels and Demons was very good.  Read his others and thought ok; Lost Symbol was a big let down after he spent so many years getting this out.  My advice, read it from your local library, wait for paperback, or read electronically....not worth buying hardcover--this was good but not great.  Ending was letdown as was most of the progression of the book.
 Whether you are a Dan Brown fan or are about to become one, The Lost Symbol is a thriller with a deeper message!  You won't want to put it down!
 It's hard to believe that someone who wrote Angels &amp; Demons, and a to a lesser degree Da Vinci Code, has written this awful book. It's not worth your time.
 This would have been a fantastic work if it was written by a 10th grader. However,  from a professional such as Dan Brown, I expected a much higher level of writing.
 I am late to the game is the first Dan Brown book. I plan on read many more. Great book
 The premise of the Lost Symbol starts sounding very familiar.  It's almost formulaic. The evil character, the frantic race to find some hidden object. It's all Dan Brown's style.  It is a page turner with lots of factoids thrown in that kept me going to google to check out. Hopefully it will do for Washington D.C. what the Da Vinci Code did for Paris, and Angels and  Deamons did for Rome.  It was a fun read up to the last portion that read like a dreary epilogue that was simplistic and preachy.  I would have been happy to have dropped that portion altogether.
 Well worth ever minute of my time to read it. You will not be disappointed. Another thriller from the master.
 I would recommend this book to anyone that enjoys a ride for the mind and imagination for Dan Brown's ability to place you as the reader into the story as if you are standing right next to the characters themselves. It is by far my favorite book to read. The first time I read the book it took me only 10 hours to read the book cover to cover. I enjoy it every time I read it.
 The "Lost Symbol" was a good book full of mystery and suspense.  Dan Brown deviated from his standard prologue format which was disappointing.  I thought that parts of the book were apologies for "Da Vinci Code" he had his opinions and he told them like he believed them, which is what any good author should do.  I saw this as a response to the back lash for writing such a controversial book.  Other than that i highly recommend this novel
 Having finished this book on my way to DC, I couldn't wait to explore some of the sites mentioned in the book. The Scottish rite 'temple' was amazing to see in a mostly residential area.  Although I will admit that I found the 'bad' character a replica of the one in DaVinci code, and at times felt that Dan Brown was writing a movie instead of a book, I wanted to reread sections upon completion and I found the final 'Word' very inspiring.  I highly recommend!
 The Da Vinci Code is still by far my fav, but I wasn't disappointed with this one. Thanks for another adventure, Dan Brown!
 The DVC was great fun. Not literature, not always believable - but hey its fiction and was a great ride.  This book is terrible. Over the top attempt at dark mysticism... Bland re-hash of DC tourist sites... its like DB took a guidebook and came up with a (very) lazy plot in an afternoon.  There are plenty of other reviews that go into the details of why this book is so terrible, so no need to repeat.  Save your $$$s. If you must, buy 2nd hand, or wait for the cheap paperbacks to come out.
 This book invited me to use so much of my mind ...science, math, history, faith traditions, spirituality,making connections in rapid fire time. It's my 4th Dan Brown book in a year. Splendid!
 I've read better Star Trek novels..true!  This is pure junk , a rip-off of the National Treasure series, and made for the movies, not reading! Don't waste your money! Glad I only paid $4.05 as an EBook (also true!). If you have to read it because you bought it, be prepared to feel deceived. Sorry, but either I'm getting too old or writers are selling their souls these days for the bucks.
 A truly annoying book. Sheer stubborness was the only reason that I was able to slog through to the end of the book. I hated, in particular, how everyone was always "chuckling" - he/she "chuckled"; Robert/Katherine, etc. "said with a chuckle". Maybe I'm just jealous that I didn't find anything worth chuckling about in this book.
 I loved the book, as it's a great read. I read it cover to cover in less than 24 hrs!
 interesting
 I loved the book, as it's a great read. I read it cover to cover in less than 24 hrs!
 I really enjoy reading Dan Browns work. I absolutely loved " davinci code" and also like his other four books. I think he's a great writer and my favorite. I see some reviews say Brown is a mediocre, or weak writer. My question is, if he's weak then what do you consider "great"?  I'm curios and would love to read one of those authors books.
 Another astounding and outstanding book by Dan Brown.  Though you may get lost in the history of the masons and their language, you will feel the same urgency to know the answers to the ancient mysteries as the characters themselves.  As the plot seems to unfold it becomes more and more intense and mysterious at the same time.  I had to keep myself from looking ahead because I was so eager to see what would happen next.  You'll never be able to guess the ending as usual.  Second favorite Dan Brown book.
 I could not put  it down!  Dan Brown does it again.  Love all the word origins  it explains from our past.
 I have enjoyed most of Dan Brown's books at some level, both the Digital Fortress and the Robert Langdom ones.  THIS, however, was the biggest waste of time and money I have endured in ages.  A few of the puzzles were interesting and clever.  But the development was excruciating, the characters actions unreasonable and the payoff both predictable and incredibly anti-climactic.  If there were negative stars, this would receive them.
 Pros<br/>Just like any other Dan brown book<br/>1. twists, turns<br/>2. Maths, Science<br/>3. Secret Societies, though I think why is it called secret when everybody knows everything about it.<br/>4. Message within the book which is somewhat beyond its time.<br/>5. I particularly liked the choice of name for the characters, well thought.<br/><br/>Cons<br/>1. Mr Brown you could have at least come up with a new shape for the plot, though this one isnt bad but knowing the shape already makes it less exciting specially after 4 books.<br/>2. Sometimes it tries to give too much knowledge, that part was much more justified in DVC, with LS it seems more pushing down the throat.<br/>3. At times the books seems to be flattering the church and the masons.<br/>4. The end, I expected it to be dull just like any other DB book, but this was seriously disappointing. Maybe it is Mr. Brown's signature or something which he does not want to change.<br/><br/>Judgement<br/>Mr. Brown needs to come up with a new formula if he wants to keep making the millions he does now.
 Grear book.  Another page turner by Dan Brown.
 I love Mr. Browns books and this was no exception - but there was a point in the book I simply shook my head in disbelief of the 'twist' which unfolded much too quickly; almost with indifference to the engrossed reader. It took me a few weeks to get back to the book and complete the read. Still, I enjoyed it and would recommend it as a 'unique' Dan Brown book.
 Very interesting and enjoyable-made me want to visit D.C. to admire the masterful, inspirational, architecture described. Well written explanations of symbols-will read more Dan B.
 I agree with other reviewers' remarks in that it is just like re-reading his other two books, A&amp;D and the DV Code.  If I had not read those books, I might have a different opinion and would rate "The Lost Symbol" higher.  Dan Brown's formula worked in his previous novels, but as with anything/everything else, it gets old real fast.
 Amazing fiction work around well know but less understood power of human brain/mind. I am truly impressed with authors ability to put these theories together with modern neo-science and finction.
 I always thought that Dan Brown would retire to some deserted island after the success of "The Da Vinci Code." There he would sit on the beach and sip pina coladas. I'm sure the favorable response the film received and some prodding from Tom Hanks got Mr. Brown back in writer's mode. You might compare "The Lost Symbol" to Indiana Jones meets "National Tresure." Years ago Mark Frost wrote a novel titled "The List of 7." In it Arthur Conan Doyle pursues the Freemasons in London. Coincidence? Another fascinating read if you enjoy the genre.
 Great Book. Could not put it down. Would recommend this to everyone. Get it from your library today , or<br/>by e-book from your library.
 Dan Brown has done it again!  Another thriller that you don't want to put down. It is so hard to believe his books encompass a short period of time but keep your attention completely.
 Same story as the last 3 books!!!
 This is another great book by Dan Brown. I really liked it. It makes me think about what I am doing and why I am here.
 GOOD READ...I WAS CAPTIVATED THE ENTIRE TIME...IF YOU LIKE HIS OTHER BOOKS THIS IS JUST AS GOOD..ENJOY..LOTS OF FACTS I REALLY ENJOY THAT PORTION.MM
 Dan Brown is a fantastic story teller.
 I agree with many other reviewers that this book was written as a screenplay, complete with visions of Tom Hanks. The writing and editing wouldn't pass college freshman English muster and all those "ahah" moments were simply annoying. Such a disappointment after Brown's last two big sellers. Robert Langdon must have lost a few brain cells in that chamber....not to figure out the Lost Word himself many chapters earlier. My last word on this story.
 Enjoyed from page one on....
 I agree with those who have said the Da Vinci Code is a nearly impossible act to follow. The Lost Symbol is a good mystery book with more than enough suspense and intrigue. Some think the material is repetitive, but the problem may be that Brown is just not giving himself enough time to devote to his next project because he still wants to hurry up and maximize on the success of the Davinci.
 Mr. Brown's "formula" for book writing is alive and well. Too bad his plots are not. An interesting read with a few twists and turns, but the ending was disappointing. As a Freemason, I had to laugh at times. It's obvious that whoever Mr. Brown got his Masonic information from either didn't tell him correctly, or it was too boring to write about without much "embellishment". Too much like "Dune" and not enough like "Indiana Jones". It could have been so much better. Overall I give it two (2) stars.
 Dan Brown continues to explore the realms of Man's place in the universe and looks for different ways to interpret those places.
 It is not like Angels &amp; Demons or The Vinci Code. This book could be shortened to almost half it's size. No real storyline. I will be very sceptic to read another Dan Brown
 I read and thoroughly enjoyed the DaVinci Code.  But I'm really sorry I paid $17 for this book.  Although the action is reasonably taut, the religious tautology grinds everything into a slow, painful skid into pure manure.<br/><br/>Save your money.
 Lost momentum real quick but still failed to end. For ever. No payoff. Many words, no plot worth paying attention to.
 While I would admit that Dan Brown is not the most gifted author when it comes to his choice of words, I will definitely say that his stories are always interesting.  I was a big fan of the first two novels in the Langdon series, and I was not disappointed when I read this one.  It is a worthy successor to the first two.  I think that the strength in Brown's novels, whether "factual" or not, is that he offers good alternative, fun, "food for thought" versions of the stories that our society holds dear, while wrapping a good thriller around them.
 The depth of research and understanding of what Brown found drives this plot. Especially enjoyable is his use of symbols and belief systems that entwine the Masonic organization with present day neotic science study. You don't have to believe any of it to thoroughly enjoy this novel.
 I read this book and had hoped it would be as good as his DaVinci and Angels/Demons books. This was definitely not the case. I got it as a gift. If I had bought it I would have wanted my money back.<br/><br/>Packrat
 Having read 'Angels &amp; Demons' and 'The Da Vinci Code' I knew what I was getting myself in for. Sort of. I found this book to be along the same lines as 'A &amp; D' as I wanted to stay up all night reading it and not wanting to put it down.
 Formulaic to the extreme. All three of his books plots are people looking for something while the bad guy chases them.
 "Once Again.. Dan Brown has been able to take me on a trip and make me actually think that I am part of what is going on in the book. I think that I enjoyed this book as much or more than Angels and Demons &amp; the Davinci Code.<br/><br/>The message in this book is a lot deeper than other people that have already read it and I know perceive. "
 I'm sure it has been said but... on top of all that is mediocre in this book, I went  nearly crazy with the stream of consciousness asides.  They were so obvious.  They added nothing to plot development, empathizing with character, getting deeper insight, etc.  Just can't figure out why they were let in.  Help, can anyone clarify?
 I read much of the teachings summarized here long ago and so was delighted to find them aggregated in this thought-provoking mystery that also has interesting facts about our nation's cultural and intellectual heritage. Of course religious conservatives will go nuts once again. Sorry to inform them that it is a well-known fact that our founding fathers were children of the enlightenment - masons.
 A 600 page book that could have fitted well in 200 pages. Langdon, different from the previous books, is too narrow minded and figure almost nothing. Everybody explains stuff to him. If you are a fun of the series, read it. If this is your first Robert Langdon book, please pick another one.<br/>Don`t know if I`m going to read Inferno.
 At first the book was kinda boring then it blew my mind.  It wasn't as spectacular the Da Vinci Code but it still had me reading  nonstop.
 Spine tingling and could not put it down.
 Once again I found myself lost in this mysterious world that exists right under our nose. Couldn't put it down.
 Over all, this was a good book; especially if you are wanting something to pass the time.  The Lost Symbol did seem to parallel the DaVinci Code pattern; searching for a lost 'treasure', secret society, government involvement, fanatical henchman, etc.  I would not expect this to be the world wide phenomenon that the DaVinci Code was.
 I think this book is a minor miracle. It is a crackling, "just one more chapter" thriller that you can't wait to finish but never want to end. That alone is reason enough to read it.<br/><br/>But what makes it miraculous is the way Mr. Brown manages to weave challenging philosophical premises as well as "I have got to Google that" details and facts into that cotton candy that is the plot.<br/><br/>I have no patience for those those who criticize Mr. Brown's work as "pop-academia" and "low-brow literature." He aims neither to create serious academic treatises nor challenging art. As far as I can tell he is simply trying to tell a rip-roaring story that manages to shock us with information that is hidden right in front of us.<br/><br/>Of course writing that kind of story is anything but simple as the success of The DaVinci Code spawned countless imitators who (as far as I know) never came close to creating the kind of reading experience that Mr. Brown has again managed to do.<br/><br/>It's an absolute blast. Read it.
 Dan Brown is an interesting writer but he went too dark with this book. I finished it just to see how it would end and was sorry to see how messed up he is spiritually also. He couldn't be a Christian and write as he does. Too bad because he is very talented.
 It very hard to tell where reality weaves into fiction. Not only is it gripping but is profound in its delivery. Loved it a lot.
 I just finished reading this book. It wasn't easy because by about page 50, it was absolute nonsense. I mean really ridiculous stuff. Aside from the huge plot holes and silly scenes of CIA commandoes blowing down doors in the Library of Congress with magic explosives, or Red Dragon (oops, I mean Mal'ach) running naked around Washington DC to capture Robert Langdon, it was a quick read for your average Junior High videogamer. I only finished this book out of spite after buying it to pass the time on a Flight to Paris.<br/>I feel like an abused wife who keeps blaming herself while expecting it to get better.
 Good book for a long read
 I found this book to be rambling discriptions. I enjoyed both The DeVinci Code as well as Angels and Demons. The actual action in this book could probably be contained in about one hundred pages, the rest was fill. I felt it an effort to get something on the market for the money.<br/><br/>I will have to think long and hard if I would read another of his books.
 I'll keep this short.  You select a Dan Brown offering because you read The Da Vinci Code and you loved it, so you spend the money and hope for a reprise.  Well, this isn't it, not even close.  Incomprehensible ending with a YAWN, who cares "this has got to be stopped or life as we know it will end" climax.  Please, Dan, why don't you and M. Night Shyamalan get together and talk to each other about where it all went wrong?
 The Lost Symbol is not my favorite book from Dan Brown but it's a great addition to his series on the Mysterious occult from the eyes of Robert Langdon. I found the book a bit predictable but all in all a good suspensful story for the fans of Brown.
 I have to admit that going in to this book I was anticipating a letdown given the success of the DaVinci Code and the amount of time that it took for Dan Brown to come out with a follow-up.  However, I was far from disappointed.  This book was even better than the DaVinci Code and was tough to put down.  There were unexpected twists and enough historical reference to keep things intriguing.  If you liked or loved the DaVinci Code, you will love this book.  If you weren't a fan then I would pass as it is similar in style to that book.  I hope it doesn't take as long for another Dan Brown book.
 Is he kidding me.  What an insult to my intelligence.  Pre ordered it and actually put down another book I was reading just to dive into the lost symbol.  The plot twists if you can call them that seen a mile away.  At one point Ifelt like I was watching a bad horror movie and wanted to yell dont go to the house alone what an idiot.  I always knew what was going to happen always figured out who the bad guy really was and oh yeah always knew what the special word was.  Duh.  I will nver read anotther Dan Yawn I mean Brown book..  You want to read  a brown book get deception point.
 Full of interesting and eye opening facts that are neatly woven into a great story. A refreshing read as like many of his other works.
 Ok I was very exciting about this book and I purchased the day it was released. I know there are lots of die hard DB fans out there but to me this book is just not right. This book feels like as if it was written by one of those Dan Brown wannabe authors. After I had read LS I can't help but to think "DB just had to honer his contract with his publisher". Lost symbol is not a bad book but not a good one neither. Personally I was expecting a better book from DB. I'm sure there is a great work behind this book but it is not good enough for save this book.
 Great historical info blended throughout making the story so very interesting.
 Just ok.
 I definately liked this book better than either Da Vinci Code and Angles and Demons. It gave great believable thriller material to read fast and hard. I liked all the references about Masons and our founding fathers. I can't wait for the movie. He does have a propencity to go on and on at the end though. Hollywood will fix all that in the movie.
 I did not enjoy this book as much as Dan Brown's others, especially just having finished Angels and Demons, which I thought was outstanding.  This book had way too much scientific jargon, along with leaving me with the idea that there was going to be some huge revelation at the end of the story.  Very disappointing.  Not sure I would recommend it as a good read.  Too much hype for the little bit of story behind it.
 The story is very good, believable hero again and interesting characters but I am amazed that he bring very fresh ideas and leave me wondering about things hidden in plain sight that astound and challenge my presumptions.
 Gift for spouse.
 Dan Brown knows how to take characters and put them into a desparate situation so the reader has to keep turning the pages. I completed THE LOST SYMBOL last night and found it a satisfying reading experience.<br/><br/>It was not the best piece of fiction that I've read this year but it was certainly worth reading.
 Definitely one of Dan Brown's best!! There's such an amazing amount suspense and thrill!! And a great twist at the end.
 One word is enough: ridiculous. It's a pity because the plot could be nice, even if kidding the reader is never a good idea. But there are so many faults that sum up in a very poor result. Brown's problem is he is NOT Umberto Eco, so he can't invent books like Foucault's Pendulum or The Name of the Rose. Read the FP if you want a real esoteric thriller. After so many pages of symbols, personal stories, different narration planes Lost Symbol ends with the bad one dead, the good ones alive (against all odds and kidding the reader again)and the meaning of the book totally vanished. I read it in english for the first time, and I must say that the italian translations did Brown's writing a bad service. But the story is still non existing. Much ado about nothing.<br/>Forgive my poor english.....
 The Lost Symbol wasn't badly written; just take The Da Vinci Code change the history and symbols from Rome to the US Capital(which must have taken a bit of research). With a little tweak here and there, add a couple of new characters and there you have it.<br/>I read all of Dan Brown's books but this one didn't appeal to me - Sorry folks, I didn't even finish it.<br/>Anita E Viljoen - Author of Feeders
 As I began reading this I couldn't help but notice the similarities between the Lost Symbol and National Treasure. As I continue, I felt like I was reading Gods or Monsters. Even yet, as I arrived towards the conclusion, I honestly felt like it had turned into the Secret (law of attraction). Though I feel this is not what many readers may have in mind if they are familiar with the Da Vinci Code or Angels and Demons. It can hold its own, but I wish Dan Brown would have finished the Soloman Key, unless this is it with a title change. Then I wish he would have stuck with his usual style. If you are familiar with the Secret as well as Gods or Monsters then I believe you may enjoy this... Otherwise if you are reading this because you liked the Da Vinci Code, then I would recommend something else. This is overboard compared to saying that Jesus's bloodline has continued (as was the plot in the Da Vinci Code) and that is saying alot!<br/><br/>If you are reading this because you have likened 2012 with doomsday then get it! Keep in mind though that "2012" is NOT the first time the Mayan calendar has ended so it certainly won't be the last... henseforth any doomsday writings of 2012 just don't hold water even in the world of fantasy. It's just my opinion folks, it doesn't make me right.
 Overall, I have few words for this book. Read the other posts.  But, did anyone else catch his references to the Gita? I just thought that that was really cool as a Hindu.  Of course, the accuracy and such of his statements is off, but just that kind of exposure makes me a proud, albeit only semi-religious, Hindu.
 I've read some of Dan Brown's other books including the Da Vinci code and thought for the most part it was entertaining cheese.  This book, however, is terrible.  Did he get paid by the italicized word, the improperly used ellipse and exclamation point?  If he did then he is a fabulously rich man.  The further you get along in the book, the worse it is.  I could barely finish the last chapter because every other sentence was italicized to connote the GREAT IMPORT (sorry, I don't know how to do italics on Amazon) of the GREAT WISDOM, which NO ONE HAS EVER THOUGHT ABOUT BEFORE!!!  I'm pretty sure that it's possible to discuss philosophical subjects in a way that conveys depth without having to end each chapter with an exclamation point.  Plato managed to write entire books without relying on punctuation to get his point across.<br/><br/>The science, history and philosophy are sloppy and ridiculous.  A man suffers a horrific accident and the hospital just lets him go after an hour or so?  With what?  A couple of Tylenol and good wishes that he doesn't become terribly infected?  A Harvard scholar who studies ancient texts claims he doesn't really know that much about the Bible?  And for the love of God (see what I did there?!!!) Einstein was an atheist and I'm pretty sure he'd appreciate it people would stop perpetuating the myth that he had some deathbed conversion to Deism.<br/><br/>Finally, the message that this books attempts to convey is too shallow and laughable for even Oprah to feature on one of her Secret shows.  Keep on believing in your press Dan Brown because this book makes it obvious ... THAT YOU DO!!!!!!
 I cannot believe how much I hated this book.  Everything, and I mean everything, is explained, in detail, for us.  Every time the protagonist opens his mouth, it is to explain something else.  Unless one desires to join the Masons, or to understand The Magic Flute, there is no reason whatsoever to read this book.<br/><br/>I very much enjoyed 'Deception Point', which I think is an extremely well written and planned suspense novel.  Nothing in this book comes even close.  We spend almost 100 pages in the bowels of the capitol building, leading to nothing but another 20 pages of explanation of why a room looks the way it does.<br/><br/>Of coursem (spoiler alert), the fat girl dies, why else would she be in the book ?  This is not writing, this is typing, and, thank goodness, I got the book from the library instead of spending money on it.  A lazy writer, writing a lazy book.  Buy a dictionary instead, and read that.
 An interesting page-turner for much of the book, with some periods of ponderous self-indulgence.  Could have trimmed 100 pages and not lost any of the message.
 Arrived on time and as described!
 This is a good book. I considered he has written better novels and this is not the best of them, but if you already have the book  you can read it and you will enjoy it.
 I often don't understand why people have to leave reviews that sound like they are trying to be a professional writer in their review. Simply put, I loved it. I love the sheer intelligence of the man. I challenge the average writer to come up with all the intrigue he manages to get in a book while, at the same time, he is stating pure fact. Our job is figure out what is fact and what is fiction. That is good writing. He is very good at what he does and I hope he keeps doing it. For those of you who do not like books like his, don't read them. Review simple books written by simple writers. There are plenty of them. Leave the masters of writing alone.
 As with other Dan Brown novels, The Lost Symbol is chock full of interesting (albeit sometimes debatable) historical, cultural and scientific information.  The book tackles some really fascinating topics here.  The story starts off great and Dan Brown really lays some great groundwork for what appears will be another epic story line.  However, as the plot develops, he reaches too far for shock value and this causes the story's downfall.  Without playing spoiler, there are just too many "oh, come on now!!" elements in the story.  He overuses "deus ex machina" as a tool to bring the story where he seems to think the readers what it to go...twists do NOT equal a good story and as a reader, I was fairly insulted by some of the absurd twists Brown asks us to accept.  I was entertained in the beginning but starting in the middle of the book, the story becomes redundant and absurd.  I was rather unfulfilled.
 Maybe I'm jaded, but if I'm going to have a plot driven by mysterious symbols I surely would not let it all hinge on a sudoku puzzle.  Please. I thought his last book was a bit much with the opening scene in the Louvre lasting way too long. In this one the U. S. Capitol is the setting for just about half the book.<br/>Suspense usually is driven by some dire consequence. In Brown's book it is driven by the fact that some of today's leaders are Masons! Oh my god, Masons like George Washington and Ben Franklin?  If anyone finds this out our country will be ripped apart. No our country will be ripped apart when the CIA can run covert ops in the US as Dan Brown believes. The last time I checked it was the responsibility if the FBI. Ah' who cares, it'll be # 1 for a while, then it will die unlike .... leave it at that. I won't even ruin the end because it's way too silly and obvious for anyone to think about for more than a moment.
 Enjoyable read that sucks you in early.
 Great mix of symbols, rituals, and religion. I liked the power of prayer.
 Now, if you've read any of Dan Brown's prior works (such as "Angels and Demons", or his better known "The Da Vinci Code"), you know that you're not exactly expecting a masterpiece. Like "The Da Vinci Code", "The Lost Symbol" is a heavily plot-driven page-turner chock-full of whatever Mysterious Secretive Thing Dan Brown happened to be fascinated by when he was writing his novel (in this case Freemasonry). It centers around Robert Langdon, the protagonist from the prior two novels (who by now should be rather wary of mysterious invitations), who, with the Standard Pretty Female Sidekick (another "scientist", if you can call Noetic pseudoscience a "science"), explores a mystery in Washington D.C. while being pursued by the authorities and dealing with your friendly Large Fanatic Character (like Silas from "The Da Vinci Code").<br/><br/>The problem is that this book, unlike the "Da Vinci Code", is just not particularly fun to read. The Brown Formula for Chapter Writing is omnipresent (basically, have Langdon talk about something, have a realization, and end with a "what the . . ." chapter cliff-hanger), and the book is too long - by the time it finally reaches the conclusion, your reaction isn't "Well, that's interesting"; it's "finally! Is it over?".<br/><br/>It doesn't help that Brown goes over-board on exposition on Freemasonry and Noetic Science (or rather, his beliefs about both- Brown's "facts" usually don't correspond to reality) even by his standards, and adds a healthy dose of pseudoscience (which is actually new for him - "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" were both physically possible, even if you thought the plots were improbable).<br/><br/>I strongly, strongly suggest you avoid buying this book, or reading it. But if you can't resist, do yourself a favor and wait till you can get it in the library.
 Dan Brown's books follow a set formula.  And can seem contrived.  So what?!  Suspend your hold on realistic scenarios and go with the flow and you will absolutely enjoy this book.  I liked it even better than The DaVinci Code.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0385504225/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a> This is an excellent book and will no doubt sell millions and many will make enquiries into the Craft as a result.  As an active Freemason, I was pleasantly surprised to see Freemasonsry explained in a generally favorable light.  Sure, Dan Brown twists a few things around a bit in order to make for a gripping story that truly is a page-turner that is very difficult to put down once you start reading it. Freemasons at all levels should buy and read this book and be prepared for lots of enquiries as a result.
 Great book!
 Angels and Demons is still my favorite, though this one fits well in the Langdon series. Well done, Mr. Brown.
 It's fiction people...it's supposed to be far fetched. But what it's really supposed to do is make you open up your mind and think. The DaVinci Code was a hit, and it had it's underlying religiousity, so what is it that is pushing people to rate this book so badly? Nothing but the idea that religion is not what everyone has been taught that it is. *gasp*  Open your minds people. See what is in front of you and what is NOT in front of you to see. Does this not seriously make people question what they thought they knew? That's the point behind his works. To make you really sit back and wonder if what he writes could be possible. It's called expanding your intellect. As for all the info about the Masons, the conspiracy theories drummed up through the ages are exactly what Brown calls them to be. The Masons have been an easy target because of their policies regarding handling situations that place them hand in hand with what are supposed to be the countries greatest conspiracy plots. This is FICTION. Read it with an open mind. Noetics is actually a practiced science, the Masons really aren't horrible people planning on taking over the world, and this book should make you take stock in your surroundings and the things you thought you knew. Read it for what it is, and enjoy it. He's an author with a serious talent, and there aren't a ton of those anymore....
 Did anyone else feel like dialog with Langdon was like watching an episode of Blue's Clues?  There ARE words in the English language that have multiple meanings...imagine that...Apparently that is really difficult for our genius professor to grasp.<br/><br/>Overall the book was a major disappointment.  It was entertaining at points, and a few of the pot twists actually did surprise me.  But the dialog was painful and the plot was formulaic.  The ending of the book made wish I hadn't wasted my time.
 OK - this is my first time reviewing a book, but The Lost Symbol is so bad it merits some remarks.  I think the best way to sum up the book is that I kept waiting to read that stating the phrase "Ice Cream Sundae" is really a code for people who are excited to go to church: "I Scream Sunday".  In other words, Dan Brown finds the craziest explanations he can find for Chritian ideals and passes them off as obvious fact.  If you are looking for a book that is about 150 pages too long, makes fun of anyone who believes in a specific deity (especially Christians), and whose plot is entirely predictable, then I highly recommend this book.
 If you read and enjoyed Da Vinci Code and want more like that, you won't be disappointed
 © By Peter T. Haas<br/><br/>I finished Dan Brown's new novel The Lost Symbol last week. Truth be told, I couldn't put it down and finished it in two days. To my taste, it is his best book yet. The texture of the antagonist's character, Mal'akh, was nuanced and vivid. His mutated, hedonistic spirituality completely overshadows Langdon's prosaic and professorial steadiness. Like the Dark Night's Joker, The Lost Symbol's Mal'akh steals the show - darkly.<br/><br/>I delighted in the plot development, and was pleasantly surprised to discover that this novel is not just about the secrets of the Freemasons and the cryptic symbology in Washington D.C. - as has been pushed by the book's publicity blitz. Curiously, The Lost Symbol is also a theological story, one which articulates some of the profound insights conveyed by Christian mysticism, which are now just being confirmed by science, such as the interconnectedness of reality (the Trinity and the Soul); the influence of intentional thought upon matter (prayer and meditation); and the transformation of human beings through wisdom into higher levels of being (salvation and theosis).<br/><br/>It is the presence of theosis in The Lost Symbol that shocked me the most, not because it is a shocking idea, but because it seems that the message of the book is theosis! I was stunned that Brown essentially begins and ends the novel at the Apotheosis of George Washington in the United States Capital Rotunda, a relief painting on the Capital dome that Brown says teaches that the Freemason Founding Fathers wanted to convey the principle idea of the Ancient Mysteries - that humans can become gods! This is one version of theosis, a version whose purpose or means is not spelled out in the novel. But its mere presence is theologically provocative indeed!<br/><br/>While The Lost Symbol draws upon a soup of Gnostic, mystic, alchemical, astrological and ancient symbolism to spin its tale, that does not diminish the historical and generally accurate reflection of these systems of belief. The novel also delves into alternative and emerging fields of science, like Noetic and Consciousness studies, two fields of studies that are fascinating and keep pace with the advances of quantum and string theories at the human level. Indeed, Katherine, the scientific damsel in distress in the story line, offers her own unique plot development that could easily be a separate novel. Her secret, scientific studies were compelling on their own, without the added drama of the spiritualistic connections driving Mal'akh and entangling professor Langdon, Katherine and her brother Solomon, the wise, open-hearted believer in the ancient mysteries, who represents the antithesis to Mal'akh's own hard-hearted approach to darker mysteries of the human quest for power, spiritually or scientifically.<br/><br/>Where I found myself most delighted in the book was in the hope that such novels begin to prepare the general populous with a higher-level mindset, one that begins to open readers up to the interconnected relationality of all reality. One of the messages of The Lost Symbol  is that at the deepest levels, reality is ultimately spiritual. This is a bridge for religious dialogue and connects us to the ancient Christian knowledge of the Church Fathers who sought to convey this with their very high Christology articulated by St. Paul in such passages as: "that Christ might be all in all" (Colossians 3.11), and the luminous prayer in Ephesians chapter 3, from which I quote just verses 18 - 19: "I pray that you may have the power to comprehend, with all the saints, what is the breadth and length and height and depth, and to know the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge, so that you may be filled with all the fullness of God." And of course, we must recall here the important doxological formula in the book of Romans: "For from God and through him and to him are all things" (Romans 11.36).<br/><br/>While it was probably not Brown's intention to write a systematic articulation of Christian mysticism, he did include important elements of the Christian tradition useful for conversation. For example, there are vast distinctions between the power of human will bent toward self-transcendence to become as gods represented by Mal'akh, versus the Christian self-surrender to love through a union with Christ - which is the journey into theosis. Theosis is an important Christian doctrine rooted deeply in the Christian tradition and teachings of the church fathers. While theosis has been historically neglected by the Western church, Roman Catholic and Protestant alike, the Eastern Orthodox Church has kept this doctrine at the center of their views of salvation, and rightly so.<br/><br/>For the Church Fathers, salvation was not just about "getting saved" or "going to heaven." Salvation was the totality of transformation of one's life in and through Christ by the power of the Spirit to such an extent that the fullness of what a human being could be was demonstrated by Jesus the Christ, not just to be worshipped as Lord and Savior, but to be followed, that is to say, to give one's life to God through an ever deepening union with Christ by the Word, Sacrament and Spirit so to become, in the words of the Protestant C.S. Lewis, little Christs, or in the words of St. Peter, "that we become participants in the divine nature" (2 Peter 2.4). This is the mystery of God revealed in Christ.<br/><br/>The Lost Symbol is a fun and fantastic read. But don't build your theology on it. Let it inspire you to search the deeper truths of the Christian Tradition. There is much to explore to great profit.  When you do, you will discover that there are two forces at work in this world: the way of gravity toward the earth, and the way of attraction to heaven. In Brown's story, Mal'akh represents the self-gratifying, sacrificing, will to power that is empowered by the forces of this earth, under the demonic influence of sin, death and evil. Langdon, represents the self-giving, surrendering, love of wisdom and neighbor empowered by the forces of heaven, under the divine influence of life, light and love. This distinction is captured in the Lord's Prayer where we pray for God's kingdom not our own. And for God's will to be done, not our own.<br/><br/>For Christians, Jesus Christ represents light, life and love. He is the way, truth and life. Jesus Christ is the living relationship demonstrating that God is the Relationship of Relationships, whom we call Father-Son-Holy Spirit, or even Being-Beloved-Becoming, or St. Augustine's, Love-Loved-Loving.  That is, at the heart of the reality, we confess a loving interrelated, life-giving generative source whom we call Father, and know through the Son and partake in by the Spirit. This is the spiritual life - life loving and longing and becoming God through union with Christ by the Spirit. It is also the source of worship and wonder.<br/><br/>If you feel inspired to search and wonder about the deep meaning of Christianity, I commend to you Andrew Louth's excellent and authoritative book The Origins of the Christian Mystical Tradition, or Bernard McGinn's five volume opus The Presence of God: A History of Western Christian Mysticism. There are many other helpful resources also that articulate how the new science is impacting our theology such as: Clestus Wessels', Jesus in the New Universe Story; Ilia Delio's, Christ in Evolution; and Raimon Panikkar's Christophany: The Fullness of Man. For a useful history of consciousness studies see Gary Lachman's, A Secret History of Consciousness. And finally, for a softer approach to the Christian mystic/contemplative tradition see the excellent new book by Inter Varsity Press, Longing for God by Richard Foster and Gayle Beebe.<br/><br/>The Eastern Orthodox tradition is also a very rich and historical Christian community to help discern the distinctions between Christian spirituality and the many divergent mystical and esoteric schools. There are vast and important differences to be mindful of. Some of the best work on Orthodox Christian spirituality is published by Cistercian Publications, especially the Cistercian Studies Series, such as volume seventy-nine, The Spirituality of the Christian East by Tomas Spidlik. For those who prefer web-resources, I have found the following link especially helpful on the doctrine of theosis:  ...]<br/><br/>Whatever symbols might be found in the unfolding drama of human imagination and questing for meaning, I remind the reader that Jesus came to seek and to find that which was lost. Indeed, Jesus, as the good shepherd, seeks after the one lost sheep. When I realized that I was the lost one in need of being found, my life was transformed and I began a journey from one degree of glory to another and it continues today.<br/><br/>Every blessing in the love of God,<br/>Peter T. Haas<br/> ...]
 Wish they'd make a movie
 great book! Well written!  Exciting plot!  Conclusion terrific!
 Dan Brown excels at weaving the storyline. Gave me a new perspective and interesting theory on how God works His miracles inside us waiting for us to grow and understand.
 I was so excited when I learned Dan Brown's latest referred extensively to Noetic sciences and Lynne McTaggart's work, The Intention Experiment and The Field. It was the only reason I began reading it. Unfortunately, Mr. Brown focused far more on torture and ponderous action than the power of focused intention.<br/><br/>I confess to asking my husband to finish it for me as it was just another Dan Brown epic. Nothing my husband read suggested I would enjoy it. (His review: That's 5 hours I'll never get back.)<br/><br/>Very disappointed.
 This book was a complete let down not worth the time reading it. The story of Malakh was predictable. Some of the symbols were just forced. If you skipped a chapter and read the next you would not miss anything. The reference to history and symbols were not well connected like those in Da Vinci Code. Overall dont bother reading it instead go read Da Vinci code again.
 This book was a complete let-down for me. After Da Vinci code, I was expecting a richly detailed plot instead I got<br/>lots of pseudo-religious symbolism and a completely obvious plot. This was the first Dan Brown book that<br/>I could have done without. I guess success makes people lazy.<br/><br/>Don't buy this book, just check it out from your local library.
 I will admit that I enjoyed the premise of this novel and even enjoyed the writing up until a certain point.  However, the ancient treasure hunting that we hoped for took a backseat to scientific discovery.  From that point on, book became a bit too outlandish and the build up for the massive discovery gave way to a seriously disappointing ending. I had hoped for a Da Vinci Code/National Treasure hybrid, but was left very disappointed.
 This book I thought was an excellent follow up to the Da Vinci Code. I was on the edge of my seat the entire book. Dan Brown's use of historical buildings and objects to create fictional stories is one of the most creative writing styles I have ever come across.
 Even though The Da Vinci Code was certainly not historically accurate, it was loads of fun.  The Lost Symbol is simply ludicrous, repetitive, and no fun at all.  The plot is ridiculous, the identity of the "bad guy" is obvious, the characterization is very weak, and the writing is atrocious. I could not even finish it without skimming through the last 200 pages.  The big revelation at the end is such a letdown!  I got my copy at the library and suggest you do the same, or maybe just skip it completely.
 This book is set in Washington DC and deals with Masonic lore and myth.  Mr. Brown dealt fairly with this great organization and for that I am grateful. If you are a Dan Brown fan, then I don't need to sell you on this book, but if you haven't read Mr. Brown and like a good solid mystery, then this book will hold your attention and keep you interested right to the end of the book.  It's a keeper.
 Please dont waste your time reading this book.<br/>There is no plot or twist.<br/>His other books were not fantastic but the plot and twists moved you forward unlike this book where Langdon actually doesn't solve anything but is instead told everything from other people.<br/>Its a thick book so if used for firewood it should provide 30 min of heat.
 We waited three or four years for Dan Brown to follow up The Da Vinci Code. He should have quit while he was ahead, reputation relatively intact.  This book is so bad, I feel cheated.  Time to go into retirement, Dan. Have fun investing your fortune, travel the world, join a monastic order or whatever turns you on. But please, no more of this rubbish.
 Filled with twists, this book blew me away at every turn and I feel this Robert Langdon story is the best yet!
 This book is simply...how can I say it nicely...awful! It is way too long and needs an editor urgently to cut about 150 pages of the pontificating prose out of it. The ending lands with a resounding, underwhelming and large THUD...skip this one.
 I slogged through this book over two days. It was tough going. Boring plot. Predictable secondary characters. Ridiculous antagonist. While The DaVinci Code was at least redeemed by a semblance of originality, The Lost Symbol was only symbolic of a mediocre writer working worn-out, warmed-over material. I regret the time wasted on this book--the writer's, the editor's and mine.
 Well, it's nice that Dan's books are bringing eternal views to light that i have already known.<br/>My religion has taught from day one the female divine concept and that.. as man is, God once was and as God is, man may become...oh well, maybe his next book will have something i didn't already know.
 This is the kind of book that you keep looking at how much longer is left because you hate it, but you have invested so much time and money that you have to see it through to the end.
 I will never waste my time again on another Dan Brown novel.<br/>The plot is identical to the Da Vinci Code.  Spoiler warning, the final message of the book - all our troubles began when man perceived himself to be separate from God.  That I had to read through 450 pages of code breaking to hear?<br/>Its a pyramid, no its a word, no its a map, no its a word, no really, its a map, ok, its a word and a map......
 This is a 100 page story condensed to 500 pages. Everyone is willing to do whatever it takes to find a secret that no one knows. There is a puzzle that reveals nothing and a great truth that reveals nothing. There is science that bears no resemblance to real science that spouts drivel as facts. This was my first Dan Brown novel and unless I have a lobotomy, it was my last.
 I've enjoyed Dan Brown's other books, and this one was equally entertaining. I'd you thought Da Vinci Code had twists, wait until you read this one.
 good read! will contenue to read D. Brown
 loved this book so much. couldnt put it down, i really enjoyed figuring the code out with them. dan brown has written a great series.
 It's just fun to enjoy a story, but then when you are done, somehow you have a better knowledge of history.  It's like cheating.
 Yet another mind expanding, thought provoking novel by Dan Brown. Border-lining on not only the possible but the plausible, giving us a peek into our forefathers mindset &amp; vision of the society they were building for our future! While showing us the corrupt nature of those still not capable of living in that future!
 This book was just as great of a read as the first two in the series. Brown continues to amaze and inspire further historical learning. My only hope is that this does not conlude the series and follows its predecessors into film.
 LOVED IT
 Dan Brown is a great storyteller, intermingling fact with fiction in a way that it makes one wonder what is real or imagined!
 Pros:<br/>Fun Locations<br/>Amusing Twists<br/>Historical Bits of Information<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>Characters are mercilessly ignorant/stupid<br/>The ending takes way too long to wrap up
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books.  This one was predictable from the start.  When there were intense moments, Dan Brown killed them by explaining it all away.  I was frustrated reading it, and very disappointed.
 I love this kind of  a book; but this was a total dissapointment.I am glad I now have a kindle and only paid the kindle edition price, even this, may I ask for a refund? I have never done this before as reading is my passion and I have certain respect for the writer and his product,but this book is REALLY bad,I feel I needed to warn fellow readers. If you must,just get it out of the library and by the way when is the release date for this feature on kindle?
 I LOVED ALL THE OTHER BOOKS, BUT THIS ONE IT TOOK ME SOOOOO LONG TO FINISH. I FOUND IT BORING AT TIMES AND GET LOST ON ALL THE SYMBOLISM. NOTHING LIKE DA VINCI AND ANGELS AND DEMONS. GOOD LUCK ON NEXT ONE.
 As Dennis Leary said about "Titanic": "Yeah, yeah, ok, it's a boat." This is not a good book. It it uninspired and poorly written. The man has no rhythm in his writing. Da Vinci was a good page turner. I've read the others too and liked Angels &amp; Demons. But this? It's like Crichton's last novels. He just keeps repeating a formula. Most of this book is a lecture on symbology and an ad for the many virtues of the Freemasons. He constantly loses the plot and goes back in time or lets his characters discuss "ancient mysteries" in the most unrealistic situations. At times this is downright silly. I don't think Mr. Brown wanted to be funny and/or cheap but he managed both. And the finale is ridiculous. Sad.
 He must have been paid by the word, I thought it would never end. As you slog thru the verbage the Ancient Knowledge has to include time travel. Similar to Deception Point and maybe the worst of the 5 he has written. The timeline of the action is so out of whack the rest of the plot devices lose any credibility and serious contemplation. As bad as D.P and Digital Fortress are the beating to death of the Ancient Knowledge in this book is far worse. No new ideas, if you have read his previous work this one won't have any surprizes.
 If you've read angels and demons and the da vinci code, then this is a must read. I give it 5 stars. He mixes fact and fiction into a heady mix that makes you almost believe it happened. Its a pity I bought my copy at Costco for  ...] bucks when I could have got it on Amazon for $ ...].
 I was very frustrated reading this.  There were several situations that were too predictable and many that never would have happened if the participants were as smart as Dan Brown tried to make them out to be.  It seems Mr. Brown struggled to use his past accomplishments to sell a newer, lesser book.  It seems to have worked too.
 ...but became much too verbose and moralizing, and the glorification of the free masons was laid on with a trowel.<br/>The ending was not really surprising, especially after reading other Dan Brown novels.
 I lent the book to a friend before I read it. When it was returned she handed back with a look of stricken disappointment. I started to read, realizing about page 200 that this was going to be a miserable experience. I had to schedule time to read just to finish. If this one is made into a moving, the audience will walk out.
 Dan Brown begins his novels with a prescribed fact sheet and rides his agenda through deception and distortions in a simplistic, predictable manner. 1/3 of the way through the novel, the reader is led to believe Peter's son begins his rejection/abandonment metamorphasis from a physical prison to one that engulfs him physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, cognitively and relationally. How trite to have evil die from glass shards falling from heaven while claiming world religions share one truth.
 This is a very moving classic Dan Brown story.  Intricately woven at many levels will be loved by people who have familiarity with Washington DC, Masons, latest advancements in science
 As usual Dan Brown churns out the same book over and over. While there are some interesting factoids throughout the novel, they are delivered with such arrogance that it cheapens the experience.
 9/19/09 (embedded mystical numbers of course)<br/><br/>Finished the "Lost Symbol" - all 770 (embedded mystical numbers of course) pages of it!<br/><br/>Think you'll like it very much. A real page turner.<br/>Ah, the joys of turning those pages late into the night.<br/><br/>Cleverly created story.<br/><br/>Have read all of Dan Brown's books.<br/>Enjoy seeing his storytelling craft develop.<br/><br/>Did I read the same book as the people giving it a poor review?<br/><br/>This was my favorite.<br/><br/>Anthony's Bobby, word evolutionist
 I am so bored with this book that although I have less than 100 pages to go, I had to get on amazon and see if others thought it is as bad as I do. I do not like the characters, the plot, the science, any of it and it goes on and on.  I agree with so many of the posts...the editor should have cut this thing in half and given it the pace of his previous novels. I am done with Dan Brown until they are out and proven.  No more buying because I liked the author..
 No where near as good as th  Vinci code or angels and demons. It made me think it was a stretch at best and the backstory of the the villain was not believable.
 This book doesn't have as dramatic an ending as some of his other RL books, but is certainly just as captivating!
 I really enjoyed Angels and Demons and the Da Vinci Code but the Lost Symbol is a disaster.  If this had been his first effort, it would never have been published.<br/>I can handle the writing style but feel that this story lacks substance and interest.  Without giving anything away, there are a couple of climactic moments that totally fizzled.<br/>The only reason I did not give this one star is that I enjoy the way he weaves history into his modern tales...just think this tale was forced and lacks interest.
 This book was probably one of my least favorite Dan Brown books, but was still fairly good. The plot was like a roller coaster in the sense that sometimes it was good and fast-paced with tons happening and other times it was slow and boring and seemed to not even going toward a climax. Brown has definitely written better in the past. Definitely worth reading for a minor history of D.C.
 Langdon, symbology, a girl, a crazed fanatic, a mad chase, puzzles to solve..... Is this sounding familiar? This guy's only got one book and he's going to write it over and over, each time more bizarre than the last. Don't waste your time.
 I really enjoyed this book. It wasn't as good as the da vinci code. It is worth reading.
 Fabulous!  Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time I was reading it.  I like this book as much as or more  than his"Davinci Code".
 I thoroughly enjoyed his other books, particularly Angels and Demons, however I found this book to be tedious and flat. It appeared that he was struggling for subject matter and just needed to fill the pages. There was no intrigue or any substance to it. A HUGE dissappointment!!!! Advice: borrow it, don't spend the money on buying it.
 I've read The Da Vinci code. It's brilliant, amazing plot and a great ending. But this book goes from "ok" to "really bad" in no time and is tedious to flip through. As a Dan Brown fan, I'd say this book is "same old candy in a new wrapper" but leaves a very bitter taste in the mouth. Sad. I knew it would be nearly impossible to top Da Vinci code, but this turned out to be the worst of his books.<br/><br/># Spoilers Ahead #<br/><br/>The lost symbol is about a lunatic's dream to become god. This lunatic is really wealthy, has a loving family, all the comforts you could imagine. But he's a ... lunatic.<br/><br/>Lunatic loses his mind thanks to drugs, watches a documentary on freemasons, gets every mm of his body tattoed, becomes invincible thanks to tons of steroids which actually seem to make him superhuman, but wait, there's more... he wants to be god. So lunatic decides to go after  his family to get hold of the legendary pyramid, kills people, cuts hands of people, oh and kills birds, rats, rodents and performs all sorts of evil sacrifices. In the middle of all this melee, a group of people must protect the lost symbol, no wait.. it's the lost word... no, no, the lost mind, the lost language, oh wait.. it's actually a book = The Bible !!! You got that right ! And the CIA has a job too... To prevent the lunatic from uploading a video to YouTube or whatever.<br/><br/>Lunatic finally gets the pyramid and tells dad to kill him with a $1.6 million knife.. Alas, knife breaks into two but lunatic has his wish fulfilled anyways.<br/><br/>So you're thinking, what's the moral of the story..... Easy, Say No To Drugs. Don't get me wrong, this is a page turner... the first few hundred pages have exciting moments but as the story nears the end it becomes a drag.... and the biggest letdown is the secret that was being protected for which so many people had to die. Turns out we can channel our mind to reach unimaginable potentials... and other philosophical mumbo jumbo. That's it, that's the secret. THE SECRET, was a much better book than this. It actually tells you how to channel your mind properly.<br/><br/>But this book is a waste of time.  The climax made me want to tear apart my hair, but it's too precious a thing to lose. Maybe if the secret was a hair growing cream, wouldn't that be something?
 Good piece of fiction. You will enjoy if you like symbology, a psychopathic villain​ with a twist, and CIA conspiracy stuff.
 Great read! I thought The Lost Symbol was an entertaining and enlightening read. There are so many subjects I was introduced to and want to research myself. Thanks Dan Brown!
 There wasn't anything that I didn't like about the book!<br/>The book was a can't put down title that was certain to be the start to, and end of, my everyday reading all the way to the end!
 Enjoyable - fast page turner was able to relate to many of the locales mentioned.
 Not as spellbinding as "Davinci Code" or " Angels &amp; Demons", but it is much more thought provoking &amp; inspirational.
 To you people who claim that what Dan Brown writes is evil, calm down. Dan Brown is not the first person to use conpiracy theories and alternative possibilities in history in his writing and he won't be the last. I am a devout Christian and I love his books. Do I agree with everything he uses in his plots? No. But I know he just uses them to create thrilling adventures for his characters, not to poison people's minds with heretical ideas. So people, please don't be so sensitive!
 Awesome book, have read and reread it a few times.
 As good as DaVinci and Angels
 Even though I think that this isn't Dan Brown's best book it is still a good read. Yes, he is not a great writer, his books are still entertaining. Well, his later books are good. The first couple...well...
 This book has no depth. I found I didn't care about any of the characters anywhere in the book. Worse, I kept seeing Tom Hanks as the lead.<br/><br/>This book was on a par with Hannibal. There really is a need for editors.<br/><br/>Save your money. If you can't pass entirely, borrow it from the library.
 Excellent use of DC and amazing intricacies of a new world for Dr. Langdon unlike any he has ventured into.
 this book couldn't hold a candle to the davinci code.  it seemed slow and lacked originality.  if this had been the only book by this author i had read, i wouldn't buy another and i probably wont read future books unless they are free
 Slightly repetitive, in a similar way to Inferno, but well worth the time to read. Historically accurate and eye-opening. Very "Dan Brown".
 This book was a huge disappointment.  The plot was thin, the characters one dimensional, and the writing poor.  In addition, Brown seems to have bought into a lot of the psychic nonsense that has been disproven over and over.  No one has replicated the psychokinetic "experiments" at Princeton. Out of body nonsense has been discredited, etc.<br/><br/>We don't need this.  I hope Brown enjoys his ill gotten gains.
 I would only recommend this for someone who has read the rest of Dan Brown's books and wants to complete the series. Otherwise it is very disappointing. Completely formulaic scavenger hunt...unoriginal.
 Please forgive me for having taken artistic liberties with the much-superior Judith Viorst books, but this seemed to be the best description I could think of.<br/><br/>Let me start again here...  I loved 'Da Vinci Code'.  I did &amp; I'm not embarrassed to admit that!  :)  The storyline was unique &amp; the overall concept was compelling.  Like most others, I quickly moved onto 'Angels &amp; Demons'.  I found that entry less compelling - still with its entertaining moments, but not a good, fun read.<br/><br/>When Dan Brown finally rolled out this long-awaited follow-up, I was quite eager to get my hands on it.  To my complete dismay, this book is terrible.  I find Brown's style of writing juvenile.  Many of his chapters end with some type of cliffhanger (similar to daytime soap operas).  However, by using this style of writing, the reader is manipulated to feel tension/stress (similar to the cheap scares offered by Jason, Freddy, Michael Myers movies).<br/><br/>This is not to say that the book contains light material.  Quite the contrary.  His book is filled with complicated, well-researched storylines.  However, this rang false.  He spends so much time describing the back story that I have hardly enough time to care about the characters, as I've just wasted valuable brain cells trying to understand the bizarre back story, including Noetic science &amp; the freemasons.<br/><br/>Admittedly, Brown's writing style is likely no different from 'Da Vinci Code'.  But, these points are so over-used that it becomes distracting.<br/><br/>I'm just very disappointed, as an avid reader &amp; one that enjoys a fun, enjoyable 'light' read as much as anyone else.  The fact that Brown took 5 years to develop this book led me to expect much greater things.  Sadly, that wasn't the case; please just save your money.
 I thought it was ok.  He packed a lot of info on noetic science and free masonry into it so I did learn quite a few things.  I just find Langdon obnoxious and arrogant sometimes.  Brown also makes him WAY too smart.  He figures things out in seconds and its like, come on, he's not google.  The drowning scene?  Nobody drowning is going to focus on figuring out a puzzle.
 A bit too contrived and convoluted.  No surprises.
 I'm 150 pages from the conclusion and very disappointed in myself for not having abandoned this book long ago. It is a terrible sell-out for Dan Brown. Borrow from the library if you must and do NOT spend your hard-earned dollars on this one.
 I enjoy reading Brown's books an the symbolism within each of them.  This book in particular has a double ending with excellent detail of the main them.
 As always, Dan Brown tells a story that is fascinating in all the detail and suspense. A good read.
 As another reviewer has pointed out, the sub-plot is a little far fetched, the involvement of hierarchy CIA members for the supposed 'national security threat' was just a bit to much to absorb and the final 'twist' I picked up on long before it was stated. I was disappointed, previous books of Brown's I have enjoyed but I was thoroughly unsatisfied on finishing this.
 It's amazing to me that it's necessary for Dan Brown to continuously and insidiously find every excuse to ridicule and belittle Christianity and Faith.  The overt theme in this book was how nothing in the Bible is true. That all the biblical writings originated with mystical, ancient 'masters' who found enlightenment void of God and that anyone of individual faith, be it Christianity, Judaism, Buddhism et al. are sorely unenlightened.  Troubling indeed because he's a talented writer and has quite the following.  The book itself is a rehash of all his other novels.  Same premise, outline, theme and formula.  Some of his early works are well done but as of late, he seems to have turned into the proverbial 'dog with a bone' and he isn't letting go any time soon.  Pass on this one...
 I really enjoyed this book as I do most of Dan Browns. books.  I was traveling when I started reading so it took me awhile to finish, but it was riviting. I am always left with new insights into organizations and want to find out more!
 I absolutely loved this book! One of my favorites by Dan Brown. Was kind of shocked that it had such bad reviews. But if you like his other novels then i highly recommend this one as well.
 The book was a fum quick read, with some interesting ties into d.c. symbology. Unfortunately this fun is ruined by a predictable storyline and blunt plot devices. I felt like the only point of some of the characters was to simply advance the plot. Meh Is a perfect description.
 I will not be purchasing any more Dan Brown books.  I was happy with his first 2 books but this one is very slow and boring.  Don't waste your money and time.
 I don't read Dan Brown for great literature. I read him for a good story and suspense, such as he provided in The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons. Both are lacking in The Lost Symbol. I soldiered on because I had paid for the book, but it says everything that 20 pages from the end I turned off the light and went to sleep. No page turning thriller here. A real disappointment.
 Spellbinding!
