 I bought this product because I thought my refrigerator was not cold enough, and I saw the tech that previously came out using a lazer thermometer to gauge the temps inside. With this product, I was getting 50+ degrees in the fridge, while it was set to 33, so I used this as my basis for a service call, along with some spoiled milk. When the tech returned, he was getting ~35 on his lazer thermometer, while mine was still high 40s and 50s at the same time and in the same spot. Maybe I got a defective one, but this lazer thermometer is absolutely terrible.<br/><br/>UPDATE: Based on this review, Etekcity has sent me a replacement, no questions asked and no need to send back the defective one. That deserves a second star.<br/><br/>UPDATE: Turns out the thermometer is fine, the tech that came out had a defective one (a different brand, I asked). In fact, the temps that the new tech got from his wired thermometer were exactly the temps I was getting from this laser thermometer. 100% a five-star product!
 This device is probably the best single purchase that I have made on Amazon in my three-plus years of Prime membership. It functions wonderfully as a distance thermometer, shining a tiny red dot on what I'm measuring and, based on comparison with a thermoscan camera at work, is pretty accurate across a range of temperatures from 0°F up to about 400°F.<br/>But wait, there's more!<br/>It also serves as an AWESOME CAT AND DOG TOY!<br/>You already know that your pets are fascinated by that little red dot, and this thing DELIVERS!<br/>The button that turns on the device has a very soft click, barely perceptible, so it won't distract your faithful (or in the case of cats) persistent companions. The dot is bright and consistent, unlike other laser pointers on the market, and, (safety first) can be turned off so that fluffy doesn't get to curious about the dot suddenly appearing on the side of a pot of boiling water on the stove.<br/>It's powered by a 9V battery, and the manufacturer was kind enough to include one, but buy a pack, because you'll be using this thing on EVERYTHING!<br/>Is the chicken done? Laser thermometer.  How cool is the A/C running? Laser thermometer. Is your house's brick construction holding in a lot of heat in the evening? Laser thermometer. Engine block not getting coolant flow? Laser thermometer. Wildfire approaching? Run like hell. Wildfire a safe distance downwind? Laser thermometer*.<br/>Buy this thing, and you'll have as much fun as we have at my house, I promise**.<br/><br/>*Probably won't reliably measure the temperature of flames at a safe enough distance, so don't get too close to fire.<br/>**I'm not actually able to back this promise up, but I've had a blast with this thing. If you don't, you're probably just a boring person.
 Not very happy with this, ordered a dual pack of these inferred temperature guns. You can clearly see that the on the left is over 200º and the one on the right is most likely the correct temp.
 This thermometer really works, and the dual laser is worth the few extra dollars you'll spend for it.  By using two lasers, you can not only aim the thermometer but also gauge the distance/spot size (imagine a circle sandwiched between the two laser dots) so you know exactly how much area you're averaging.  (Documentation and a handy label on the unit recommend a distance of 14 inches for the best result).  I tested against other thermometers and found this one to be very accurate.  For less than $20 it feels like a much more expensive instrument because the details are "just right". Pull the trigger and there's a delay of just under a second while the device calibrates; then the lasers and backlight come on.  The display shows the current spot temperature plus the maximum so far for that session. Buttons are in a good place; you can turn off the lasers or screen backlight if you don't need them (and those settings are remembered!), and the display holds for just the right amount of time after you release the trigger.<br/><br/>It's educational to just walk around your house and measure the temperature of ordinary things: a human's skin temperature runs around 87-90F, coffee from a single-pot brewer just over 140F.  It's great that it's instantaneous and there's nothing to clean after each measurement. Once you know these temperatures you'd be able to spot issues (air conditioning not cold enough? Refrigerator at the right temperature? What temperature is "6" on the stove?.
 Works great. Got it at 1/4 cost. I like to measure things, including temperatures. Vehicle engines, is an interesting thing to measure.<br/>EDIT 10/3/17: In electronic circuits I play with, this laser temp measure tool works for troubleshooting temp sensitive electronic components on circuit boards, to determine if they are operating properly per designed circuit expectations of output parameters and are being kept within the window of working temperature coefficients as defined within manufacturer specifications for desired and stable output rather than thermal runnaway. Thermal problems are near impossible to measure until now and I'm not a fan of using my fingertip for obvious reasons. Works great to measure operating temps on output power transisters in amplifier circuits, inter alia, and allowed me to determine faulty power xstrs and resolve this bewildering thermal issue on an amazing and expensive music instrument amplifier which I have owned for years. One xstr was repaired by placing a larger heat sink under the one xstr to stabilize temp which cost me nothing but a few extra molecules of glucose to find &amp; then cut and attach a chunk of aluminum &amp; apply heat transfer gunk, the white goop. I might have overdriven its circuits a few times during my loudest years. It now operates properly and is like new! My Praise be great for this invaluable and fun tool.<br/><br/>I would recommend this tool.
 Great gadget to tell surface temperature and monitor hot and cooler areas on cooking surfaces. Not sure how well it is calibrated. Seems a bit off when aimed at boiling water that should be 100C or 212F at sea level and standard pressure.<br/><br/>Smooth rubber finish may not be durable. Had many devices with this coating and eventually it becomes sticky and can't be cleaned. Let's see how long this one lasts.
 This is a handy little tool to have around the house, and should be in every home's toolbox. It's also worth the money for the entertainment value alone.<br/><br/>Use it as a cat toy! Startle your housemates! Recreate the James Bond opening sequence!<br/><br/>Oh yeah, you can take the temperature of things, too. Like a smartphone, I couldn't imagine what I'd use this thing for until I got one, and then I was using it for everything. Make your cooking recipies more accurate by using exact temperatures rather than "medium-high" heat. Confirm that you're not crazy - the floor in the bedroom really *is* warmer than the rest of the house. End those arguments with your girlfriend about how cold her hands are (use with caution).<br/><br/>The body is not heavy duty, but seems plenty durable for a household tool. There's a slightly textured feel to the body of it, eliminating the "cheap plastic" feel. It feels good in the hand. The display is easy to read and bright, with the option to turn off the backlight, turn off the laser, and toggle the read out between C and F.
 This tool does exactly what you'd expect it to do.  It feels sturdy and works dependably.  I bought this to measure the temperature of the air coming out of the various vents in my home.  It was great to be able to identify empirically the variation from vent to vent.  No more holding my hand in front of each vent and guessing whether it feels colder/warmer than the others.  In fact, the vents in the rooms in the edges of our house are significantly warmer than the vents in the center.<br/><br/>Later, I used it on my grill to measure the temperature of the meat I was grilling.  I'm less confident that this is a meaningful measurement as it is measuring SURFACE temperature rather than internal temperature.  However, it did help me to identify which pieces were in cold spots on the grill and were not cooking as fast.  That was the key thing I liked about using it on the grill.  It was less clear to me if it would be helpful in determining whether the meat was done cooking due to it measuring the outside temp only.
 *****UPDATE***** The manufacturer contacted me and sent me a new one, free of charge! I am up and soaping again with a now-functional temp device.  Thanks Etekcity!  Their customer support rep was very helpful in getting this resolved.<br/><br/>Original review:<br/>This thermometer worked very well for about 7 months, then over a period of a few weeks, it started showing temps much higher than it should.  All the way up to 124F for something at room temp in winter in CA.  I'm going to have to contact the company since I bought it less than 1 year ago.  Hopefully they will make this right.
 First, it says on the packaging that the 9V battery is inside. There was even tab to pull out, but no battery. After I've bought and put a new battery inside, the meter didn't work. Laser and display are workings, but meter shows the same number no matter what I point it at. Can be anything from 40 to 300 degrees, displays 70.9. Unfortunately, I took it with me overseas, so I can't return it... waste of money
 I pulled the unit from the package, connected the battery, and pointed the laser at my wood bar. The temperature was 90 deg F? The house was 68 deg F and the bar was cool to the touch. I proceeded to check other objects with a similar outcome. I then went into the kitchen where I had a pan of boiling pasta sauce, it read 210 deg F. Therefore, I’m not sure if it works or not? This product is junk. It’s 65 deg f I’m my house; leather chair reads 92, wall 96, speaker that is off 95, metal leg of chair 95. Enough said. I’m returning for a refund.
 Purchased this product 2 days ago. As soon a I pressed the trigger I started getting error codes AH and Al high low without a accurate reading on anything. Can anyone tell me what does this mean?
 Bought it for Thanksgiving to replace one I'd had for several years. Got it two days before Thanksgiving and opened it Thanksgiving day. It stopped worked in just a few hours. (The battery is still fine, so it wasn't that.)<br/><br/>Perhaps it was just this particular unit, but not happy at all with the product.
 a piece of junk... not accurate at all
 I absolutely love how fast this gives me the correct temperature of my aquariums. Doing water changes are so much faster. I don't have to wait 5-6 minutes for a thermometer to tell me the temperature of the tank water or the water I'm putting back in the tanks. One thermometer will say 78° and the other thermometer in the tank not 2' away will say 82°. You know with the heater right in the center of the tank is not going to have a 4° difference in temperature. With this Lazer you can aim at one end of the tank, get the temperature and then get the temperature at the other end. There might be a half a degree difference due to decor, water flow or a bubbler going. It takes seconds to get the correct temperatures instead of 10 minutes. It saves me so much time, I'll never be without this item again. I love it.
 I actually bought this item in a suggested package with a "instant read" probe thermometer from a different manufacturer and seller. I really only needed the probe, but figured this laser thermometer would come in handy. The probe was a total let-down, taking well over 20 seconds to read a stable temp. This product, on the other hand... exceeded ALL expectations. I was even able to use it to take the surface temp of water I had warmed in the microwave. It is definitely 100% instant and accurate. I originally just thought I would use it to check the my old conventional oven thermometer that I was sure wasn't reading correct. I have since then used it to check for hotspots on my barbecue grill and stove-top cooking surfaces, as well as a/c in my car and house. On top of the expected playing with family members and pets. It was WELL worth the price.  Now I just need to find a probe thermometer for internal temps that reads as fast as this one!!!
 Device reads accurate room temperature; however, it reads approximately 6-10 degrees lower than actual temperatures while measuring colder (outside) temperatures. This after hundreds of comparisons inside and out using 3 different digital thermometers all averaged with weather.com reports for my area (all other devices read air temperatures and were within 3 degrees of each other). I chose high emissivity targets and various surface densities at the recommended distance with more than double surface area needed.
 Absolutely fantastic tool for the price! I bought this originally to pinpoint problems with my central AC system and found it to be very useful when adjusting the dampeners in my duct work. I was also pleasantly surprised that it helped me locate several un-insulated spots in the framing of my house. Accuracy seemed very good for my usage and comparing it another digital probe I trust, it yielded the same results usually within less than a degree of difference.  My cats also find the laser fun to chase around!<br/><br/> I currently own several more Etekcity electronic items including a pair of headphones, gaming mouse, multimeter, and digital scale, all of which work very well.
 This thing is one of the most useful and accurate gadgets I have bought recently. Came with battery and is very solid and easy to use. I use it to measure temperatures around the house to pinpoint cold and hot spots. The 14" optimum range seems not to be too important.  I measured temperatures of walls from a few inches to 15 feet away and came up with pretty constant measurements. It seems to average over a fixed solid angle, so that if the object is a uniform temperature it will give the same reading from any distance where the area subtends the same solid angle. For smaller objects of course you would have to get closer so they subtend that angle, but all this is explained in the manual.<br/><br/>Nice display, lighted for convenience, clear. Can turn off laser where it might be dangerous. As the specs say, measures F or C.
 Does not work, the changing of unit temperature doesn’t work, I have tried to put it in Fahrenheit and it doesn’t do it . Also trying to turn on the laser does not work. Also the unit doesn’t turn off . So everything is mess up . I would like a refund .
 Easy to use, great price. Use mainly for curiosity and to check temp change on AC units (supply vs return should be 15-20 degrees). Seems accurate to me, can't be sure about that but is very consistent when returning to the same spot. I took off 2 stars for a major flaw in my book- the laser dot that tells you where you're aiming is WAY off. Shooting to a 9ft ceiling it (about 3ft from unit) the dot is like 6 inches from center. So tall ceiling shooting at a small return etc... very difficult- must line it up by eye. Not having a (usable) aiming dot makes it much harder to use.
 This thing is fun. I pointed it at everything: the stove, the oven, the radiator, the faucet, the windows, the cat... it was correct within a couple of degrees and helped me figure out that my oven sucks at keeping its temperature (but the cat does not). For the price, you can't beat this product, and I guarantee if you buy it you'll find a million things you suddenly need to know the temperature of.
 Tl;dr: I can't tell if the technology is the reason I'm impressed and similar devices would astound me or if this product is just that great. Either way this product is affordable, easy to use, and very useful (assuming you need to know the temperature of things).<br/><br/>I needed a thermometer (or something) to measure the temperature of a few things around the house - checking the temperature of my tap water, checking if a food has reached room temperature after being heated, the heat of the electronic mess that is accumulating behind my TV, etc.  As you've probably noted, at least one of these can't be measured by a thermometer that needs to be immersed in the substance it's measuring...<br/><br/>Anywho, I found this bad boy after seeing a picture of someone using some fancy machine to measure the temperate of something just by pointing at it. I thought, "Clearly an item with this level of convenience will be geared towards professionals and be way out of my budget." Nope. Under $20? Awesome. Ordered. Using it all the time now. I don't even need to know the temperature for most of the things I'm measuring around my house. It's just fun and only takes half a second. I feel like a scientist walking around in my apartment in my pajamas randomly measuring different things for no damn reason.<br/><br/>10/10 totally recommend. Also, didn't realize this product has a newer version so if you're here and reading this review look for that little blip below the price showing the newer model. However, I do like the color of this one better than the new model and it's slightly cheaper so still a great buy.
 batteries ran out after couple of months, but otherwise works o.k. the company contacted me and sent me $ for a new battery!  I was quite pleased and would highly recommend a company with this kind of customer service!  I'm old and used to touch the axels to see if they needed grease after driving 10 miles or so; now I just point this laser at the hub and then the tire it reads quickly and accurately and makes it a lot easier on me.  we deliver mobile homes.  goodnewsglen@hotmail.com thanks again
 Don't try this at home but I accidentally dropped this digital thermometer into a tub of hot water (we monitor the bath water temperature so not we don't get scalded.) After being fully submerged for several seconds, the display flickered and disappeared. I dried the unit as best I could and put it in front of a fan for the day. It didn't look promising but by the evening with a fresh battery installed, the thermometer worked as if it had never been dunked. I would by another in a heartbeat. There are many other uses that you will find once you own it.  Reasonably priced, well made and it does the job.
 I bought this for my curious, scientifically minded younger brother. It's honestly a very fun toy. He ran around the house taking temperatures of anything he could think of. Very cool.<br/><br/>The laser pointer is really nice for being able to aim the IR sensor. And you have the option of turning the laser off (in case you want to take the temp of someones eyeball which we indeed did do!).<br/><br/>The IR sensor itself detects IR in a diameter that expands as the target is further and further away e.g. the diameter for detection is 1 inch at 1 foot away, but at 12 feet away the diameter of detection is 1 foot.<br/><br/>The back-lit screen is great for taking temps in the dark. And you can switch the temp units between C and F.<br/><br/>I can only speak to the "accuracy" of the sensor in so much that it seemed like it was doing a good job.<br/><br/>Overall, a great financially economical product.
 Works as advertised!  I needed this to test the water temperature in my in-ground pool (the pool's vaccumm sweeper kept sucking-up my thermometer, or it would get sucked-in by the skimmer).  Well, with this thing you point at the water and gives you an exact reading!  I also used it to test temp in all my rooms where I believe our A/C is not working and it works precisely.  Also, when taking out my Dog (who has very sensitive paws), I test the concrete outdoors (one time it read 133 degrees ….wow too hot, so I postponed our walk until the sun went down!)
 This was so easy to use.  It only took a few seconds to connect the battery (I'd read reviews about other thermometers and that, and ease of use seemed to be an issue).  I'm really glad I ordered this instead of using a candy thermometer to gauge the oils and lye during my first soap making experience.  Making soap for the first time was a bit more complicated, messy and nerve racking than I'd expected, so being able to simply point and click at the oils then the slowly cooling lye water was great!  I have to recommend this for the new soap maker.  Quick delivery as well.  I'm very pleased!<br/><br/>UPDATE: I accidentally dropped this into a sink filled with soapy water while doing dishes and only realized it a couple minutes later.  I immediately took out the battery, dried it off and put it inside a ziplock bag with 2 small desiccant packets. 1 week later I put in the battery after ensuring it was completely dry and it works just fine.  While I don't recommend ever submerging this, I'm very happy it wasn't permanently damaged because I use it constantly. Definitely money well-spent!
 I've had the Etekcity Lasergrip for a few weeks now and have used it several times.  So far so good.  It is easy to use.  Just squeeze the trigger to turn on.  It also automatically turns off after a few seconds of non usage.  You can easily switch from Fahrenheit to Celsius, turn the laser pointer on or off, and turn the screen light (blue screen) on or off with the three buttons on the display.  It did come with it's own battery, which is easily changed out by pulling out on the handle.  I think the temperature gauge is fairly accurate, probably only off by a few degrees.  I tried to capture that in one of my photos.  My thermostat says it is 73 in the house but it is reading as 75.  I don't think a few degrees off is that bad.  I purchased this item so that I could determine the temperature of my ingredients while cooking.  So far everything I have used it on has turned out perfect, which leads me to believe the tool is working properly.
 I love this, originally got it to keep track of my snake's habitat and food temp and have been using it for farrrr too many things. The laser 'sight' on it, is well calibrated and my cats flippin' love it. I love how accurate it's been (we tested it) and how long the battery life lasts. The light up screen is a super huge plus and I can't rave about this enough. Warning though: you will act like a giant child testing temps on everything that doesn't need checked.
 I bought this specifically to check the tempurater of my fish tanks because having multiple tanks I only had two thermometers and would swap them around tanks to check the tempurate, when I decided to suck it up and by good thermometers for all my tanks I stumbled on this and was weary that maybe it wouldn’t work well through glass and water. I’m happy to report it works perfectly all you do is aim it at the center gravel or a decoration in your tank and it tells you exactly the temperature. And I know it’s accurate because I compared it to the other thermometers. Now all my tanks are set perfectly at a comfy 78 degrees for my fish! Very happy with this purchase I use it every day to make sure my heaters are working properly. Ps some fish like to chase the red dot around just like a cat would especially Bettas !
 This things does exactly what is says it will do.  It measures the surface temperature of whatever you point it at.  Not sure why I bought this, other than it was a cool looking gadget and one day someone might ask "How hot/cold is the sidewalk/hood of the car/window/food item/ice cube" etc., then I can whip out the gadget and tell them instantly.  Also, it looks like a taser weapon and that's always cool.  Don't point it at anyone's face.<br/>UPDATE- So I bought this 4 years ago. Used it maybe 30 times, meaning I pointed it at an object and squeezed the trigger, and today when I went to use it, it was dead.  New battery, still nothing.  Basically this would be like your TV remote control dying after you used it for a few days of channel surfing.  Not sure why this device would fail, there aren't any moving parts, just a circuit board connected to a battery.  I suspect bad connection or some failure with the circuit board or circuit board component.  I would not purchase this item again.
 This works great.  Thankfully I had a few various thermometers at home to double check that mine was reading correctly.  It has a very comfortable size and is easy to use, just point and shoot.  I just pull this guy out every once in a while to double check the temp in my beardie's cage, to make sure his basking spot is warm enough and what not.<br/><br/>The only reason I knocked a star off is because I wish this had an on/off button somewhere.  It's lasted me about two months so far, but I just have this feeling the battery is slowly draining he entire time it's plugged in.<br/>"Well why don't you unplug it and plug it back in when you need it?"<br/>I would, but me being me I get annoyed by constantly fidgeting with it and having to pry the battery out only to shove the battery back in there and plug it in.  It doesn't slide in out.<br/><br/>So overall a good buy.  I'd highly recommend getting one if you have temperature sensitive pets, even if you have regular thermometers.
 This Non-contact Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer Temperature Gun works very well !!  I paid $15.95 and I am extremely satisfied with this purchase although I just received it recently and so far I had limited use of it but  tested it out  and I was very impressed with how well it works and practical and an ergonomically well designed grip. The unit is smaller than what I  thought it would have been and that is a true plus for me because I like the fact that is not bulky!<br/>Absolutely worth the $15.95 I have paid for it.  I am sure that there might be some other even better laser guns on the market but for sure they would be more expensive than this!  Cannot wait to use it for checking the A/C of my RV and more!!
 Functional only as a cat/dog toy for chasing the red dot.  Completely unable to read temperatures.  My hand is 131 degrees!  My carpet is 145 degrees!  Tried everything - put in new batteries (other than supplied).  Would not purchase again.
 What a cool gadget.  Accurate! Love this thing. I can now get a quick and precise temperature reading in my Aquarium. It has so many other uses though. I can now eliminate my inaccurate cheap digital thermometers i bought for my 120 gallon aquarium and feel more comfortable about my finned friends safety and comfort. Honestly I think every household should have one of these. It is a great little fun tool that is as easy as pulling a trigger.
 This is a surprisingly good unit considering the low price.  It appears to be accurate within a degree or so over a wide range of temperatures and surfaces. Although it is intended as an industrial tool, I have found it very useful for cooking, checking the refrigerator, looking for heat leaks around the house and automotive work. Well worth having around the house.
 Item came as expected works as expected. The only issue I have is it reach 2 degrees different than actual temperature. Not a big deal many other of the more expensive ones do the same thing. Keep in mind the price I could not be anywhere else I will live with the 2-degree difference. Just check it when you get it and make a mental note or Market on the side of the thermometer.
 I found this to be a great purchase for the price!<br/>It is accurate to the degree. Distance from the object<br/>you are trying to measure is important, the farther away,<br/>the less accurate (depending on the size of the item being measured).<br/>I use it to check my A/C and heater in the house and cars, window and<br/>door seals, electrical components (lighting, switches, motors) for hot<br/>spots and so on. It has a nice feel, easy to read. Will buy again if needed.<br/>My last one hit the flood to many times before it failed(operator error lol)<br/>**BTW, if you're looking for something to see if you have a fever, this isn't it!<br/>It will read your skin temp, but not your internal temp. so shooting it on your<br/>skin will not read 98.6 (note from reading other reviews)
 Ac vents, engine blocks, summer asphalt, cookies and more. This thermometer is great for fast, accurate readings. I used it to locate an Ac problem in my home blowing warmer than usual and it worked flawlessly. It has a wide variety of uses and is a must for any tool box or kitchen drawer.
 This is easy to use, inexpensive and fun. I've checked the temp of everything in my house and yard. Ha! It's not much help with cooking as I need the internal temp for meat, however it is good to check where hot and cold spots are on the interior walls of my home to adjust my insulation. I am careful not to shine the light in anyone's face (and have always taught that as an important part of the privileged of having a flash-light, too). This would be a good learning tool to demonstrate how different colors and materials absorb heat from sunlight.
 Inexpensive, but very easy to use, and apparently very accurate.  I am a measurement freak, and I love to zap corners with this.<br/>1) I have found in our 24th floor Chicago condo that the floor of our bedroom closet measures 38 degrees in winter(!).  After insulating an using a curtain, our bedroom is quite comfortable.<br/>2) Directly across the hall from us is the transformer room.  It puts out 96 deg air from its door vent.  In the winter, I allow it to come in around our front door, but in summer, I use weather stripping to keep it cooler.<br/>Good tool.  Very interesting to play with.
 I didn't need a very accurate thermometer, just one that gives me a ball park estimate. in that regard it does just fine. (honestly I have used it more teasing my dog than I have taking temps.) it is a little hard to see the laser on sunlit surfaces but what else do you expect?<br/><br/>UPDATE: I didn't need the thermometer to be crazy accurate but I did need it to work in seriously cold outside temps, below 15* F it will give an error reading until it warms back up- when it is around -20*F, forget it. I am not docking a star from my original review because for the most part it does okay. but, if you are one of those people that need this for ELR, sometimes in frigid temps, then you know how detrimental that type of failure can be. my advice- keep it close to your body in a dry spot and DO NOT EXPOSE THE IR LENS TO THE SUN FOR LONG PERIODS!
 Brand new out from packaging. My friend got theirs and reads normally around 70s-80s. I tested this during my class working with chocolate and I'm short bout 40 degrees from all my readings. The sole reason of buying this was to work with chocolate tempering/ganache. I'll be shipping this back asap in the morning.
 Used to determine relative temps in vents to determine airflow/distribution in home.  Worked just as well to check jeep engine to confirm temps at various locations while trouble shooting coolant issue.  My son took my first one back to college to use to illustrate to management issues they had with AC in their housing........well worth the price.
 This is a great product. The plastics feel very high quality, and have a great texture and good feel in the hand. It gets a reading instantly, and appears to be accurate to within a degree, at least when compared with other thermometers I have. Moving it around to different surfaces, it seems to get a new reading in about 3/4 second.<br/><br/>It's dead simple to use; just pull the trigger and it automatically turns on and gets a reading, then turns off after 15 seconds. The screen is very easy to read, and the controls are very simple, but you won't need them often anyway.<br/><br/>This thing feels much more expensive than the price would lead you to believe, and I couldn't be happier with it. As an added bonus, my cats love the dual laser pointers.
 Color me impressed. Although I have not checked the calibration of this device, it works great and the case design is fantastic.  I see no sharp edges or casing marks/degating on the case, no residue or dust from cheap manufacturing facilities like you would get with harbor fright and knockoff devices.<br/><br/>I am using it to spot check my house for drafts and insulation problems. Works great for taking sweeping, constant measurements. Backlight is very bright and easy to read. It gets my vote.
 A little disappointed in it's accuracy!  Checking it against the wall thermostat and an old Raytek laser temp gun I have and this new one is 4-5 degrees off on the high side. T-stat &amp; old raytemk unit rang out perfectly at 70... the new unit 74.6 (bummer!!)  I only bought this to replace my Raytek unit as the laser (trigger) only functions intermittently which is a pain when I'm testing Radiant Floor heating circuits (Water)<br/><br/>I tested my Old Raytek &amp; this new gun side by side at the recommended 14" (as well as many other distances 2' - 20') off target (wall) right next to room T-stat (then couch, tables, chair, pillows...) and the Etekcity is consistently 4-5 degrees off!! (BUMMER!!) I even brought in 2 more room T-stats and a wall thermometer, let then acclimate overnight and while I had 1 degree + &amp; - on 2 of the old T-stats all were reading with-in 1 degree of what I'll call accurate @ 70 deg... The new guy was still checking in high at 74.8 this time!!<br/><br/>Would like to just get a replacement but looks like I'll have to return...
 I've had this for a year now and I'm obsessed with it (something my husband loves to pick on me about... he thinks I may need a support group). I use it constantly to find hot spots and cold spots in the house. We've made some changes to the HVAC, our insulation, and sealed up leaks behind our baseboards, all of which has improved our energy efficiency and saved us money. And it's all thanks to this handy thermometer. Plus, it's just really, really fun to point a laser at things.
 I bought it in August of 2017 I went to use it the first time in August of 2018, it does not work correctly does not show the temperature in F so in C and the display disappears after 5s
 Do I really need a digital laser thermometer??<br/>Well, no...but it’s really cool... and sometimes I just wanna know how hot or cold something is...just because<br/>If I leave it out in plain sight, any friends or family sees it and does the same...<br/>Measure the foood in the microwave<br/>Or the Driveway on a hot summer day<br/>Or an ice cream cone<br/>Or the tv screen<br/>Keeps kids of all ages amused for hours<br/>Yes, there’s a serious use for these...but not in my house.<br/>Screen is easy to read, point and shoot usage. No complaints
 I bought this after seeing someone measure the temperature of their cat's fur in the sun on reddit. I wanted to see how hot my dog gets when he lays in the sun so I bought it. It has been the best $15 I've spent in years. It's so much fun measuring the temperatures of everything. Like how cold is my beer? How hot are my tires after a long trip? How cold are my wife's feet when she says "my feet are so cold. You, too, can answer those questions and more if you have one of these. One day I'll use it for a real reason, but that day is far away.
 This thermometer is absolutely inaccurate! It shows my body temperature is 33°C; boiled water is 70°C; my melted sugar is 108°C which should be way higher. It totally ruined my baking! Very disappointed!!!
 Learn from my mistake, there is plastic wrapped around the battery that must be removed before it actually turns on. I sat there for 45 minutes trying to make this thing do something and then my husband kindly pointed out the plastic. Once you get it on, it works quite well. I got this to read the temps of my reptile tanks and it seems pretty spot on. I recommend a temp gun for all reptile owners since lamps and UTHs can malfunction at any time.
 Our cob pizza oven gets too  hot for normal thermometers. We bought one of these after trying 3 others and it's great. Just point and shoot. We can test the temperature of various areas inside the oven to make sure the temperature has evened out enough to bake a pizza (the first item we bake when the oven is hotter). We use a meat thermometer to test the doneness of the bread after the temperature has come down a bit. I highly recommend this thermometer.
 As many reviewers have said, these are not perfectly accurate. They are off by a degree of two.<br/>Not a huge deal for normal home uses, but if you need precise measurements, please do invest in a higher quality infrared thermometer.<br/><br/>Anyway, I use this to measure the temperature of my pizza stone to determine if it's hot enough. For uses like this, I'd say this thermometer does its job correctly.<br/><br/>I was also concerned by the laser, it is potentially dangerous because it could reflect off an object and poke you into the eyes. However, these are class 2 lasers and no worries should be concerned over this problem, your eyes will trigger the "blink reflex" to protect itself.<br/>And if you still feel unsafe in this regard, the laser can be turned off. After all, the laser is just a helper to aim your infrared camera at the intended object. If you feel like you have mastered its trajectory, then at the click of a button it is easily turned off.
 I bought this because I need to do some home repair on my refrigerator.  The product has enough weight to it that it doesn't feel cheap.  Its intuitive and easy to use.  I successfully fixed my refrigerator problem and this product definitely helped.  I imagine I will have some other uses for it as well.  I've used for taking the temperature in my apartment.  I don't know exactly how it would help barbecuing, as advertised as the reading would be the surface temperature and for cooking meat, I would be much more interested in internal temperatures.  However, for the price its a handy gadget to have and I would recommend it to another customer.  To be fair, I have not used the product very much, so I can't speak to its durability, but it feels good in my hand and doesn't feel cheap.
 Love it! So many uses around the house. Seriously. This summer I've been able to quantify the amount of radiant heat that comes into the house through sliding doors and windows. We've modified our use of blinds and reduced our cooling costs. Also able to locate the most temperature stable areas in the basement for storage items.
 I bought this for my reptile, amphibian, and feeder insect enclosures and it works beautifully for that. It's so much better than having to rely on a stationary digital or dial gauge. I actually find myself using it all the time now on random things like the temperature of my toddlers bath water, how hot the water in my house actually gets (way too hot-it was around 135°), the temp of the concrete outside, of various rooms in the house, the stove top, the oven door....I use it all the time on just about everything for both safety reasons and just out of pure curiosity. I wish I would have known that this existed years ago. It's incredibly convenient.
 Merry Christmas for my boyfriend. We joke because he LOVES to cook but hates to bake, though he loves baked goods. I love to bake but hate to cook. We are a match made in heaven. He is very precise when he's making sure temperature is correct on the meats he cooks so I knew this was a must have tool for him. He's having a blast with it. It's like a little kid on Christmas morning EVERYDAY with him now. It's great just for how amusing and entertaining he has become! Now he's joking (I hope) about taking it to restaurants and checking them when they bring out his steak. Ladies, beware if you have a hubby that likes to cook, and loves gadgets like this. You may create a monster!
 I like the dual laser for more accurate readings. Has a backlit display which I also like. I'm a truck driver and deliver refrigerated and frozen food. In a dim lit trailer I like the backlit screen. Stores I deliver to have what I call the keyfob thermometers which I have been finding unreliable, this product I bought to double check them and protect me from claims. So far very reliable and as for battery life I have not had it long enough to tell. Very affordable tool that could save me more in the long haul.
 This is REALLY useful in monitoring the temperatures of items you need to be at a certain temperature. I used it in the repair of my phone, and it had to be at a specific temperature to not overheat and denature the LCD. I found it to be accurate, and it helped a lot. I wasn't paying attention fully and still discolored the screen, but only a little bit. I had forgotten the temperature I was supposed to be between. That was my fault though. The device read the temperature accurately. I had trouble since I had to hold both my heat gun and this. It worked great though.
 It says my oven was 100° and i had it on 450! This is junk or defective. I'm afraid some of these reviews are fake.
 Worked fine for exactly 2 years. The quit altogether. Did its job when it was working, so no complaints with that. It is lightweight, a good size for a handheld, and is well constructed. I have another infrared thermometer that is much more bulky and I prefer the size of this one.  All of that being said, this one is now in the trash.
 Tested with a 250 ml Beaker, Low Form Griffin, Borosilicate 3.3, filled with water at 40 Degree Celsius, checked with a submerged glass thermometer. The IR thermometer reading was 39 Degree Celsius. So the accuracy was 2.5 %. Using VAG Com and the IR thermometer there was a difference of 2 Celsius degree between the temperature of the transmission fluid and the Outer surface of the transmission oil pan, considering the hotter spot.
 This product is amazing. To be able to get an accurate surface temperature by simply pulling the trigger and placing the red dot of the laser on whatever surface you need to measure. After doing these steps, you simply release the trigger and the temperature stays on the easily readable display. Then you can just write down the temp for your records. And the price of this technology is so very small. Honestly, I do not know how they can sell this technology for such a low price. Etekcity is a great company with reasonable prices. Truly a win-win situation.
 This thing is awesome. I initially bought it to measure the temperature of the area under my daughter's pet tortoise's heat lamp but started measuring the temperature of everything around the house. I checked everything from the temperature of a hot pan on the stove, to the floor oven - to testing whether or not the freezer was leaking cold air - to checking how hot the ceiling lamps were.<br/><br/>The laser light is helpful for pinpointing spots to be measured. Like others have said, it may be off by a degree of two but I haven't been able to independently verify that. It is not useful for taking humans' temperature for fevers, etc.<br/>The accuracy also degrades the farther away you are from the object being measured.
 Seems pretty accurate, super simple to use, and I like that you can turn the backlight on and off. Might want to do yourself a favor and get the upgraded model that has a higher temp range. I quickly found myself having fun checking the temps of all sorts of things and bumped up to the limitations of the sensor. However it was primarily bought for checking the bed temps of a 3D printer and it works perfect for that!
 Used for several times to measure our AC unit inside the house<br/>looks like this device can't measure correct temperature reading<br/>which you have to close to the unit about 2 feet or less to measure the<br/>correct temperature<br/>Now I'm stuck with totally useless device.<br/>2nd update<br/>Customer support reach out to me right away.<br/>Grant me a repalcement without hazzle.<br/>Will try again for sure.<br/>Thanks Etekcity!!
 Nice display and functionality especially the dual lasers which can more closely identify which spot you are actually taking a reading on. Haven't had anything to validate the actual readings but when your checking things such as exhaust manifold runner temps you really only looking for the readings that are significantly different. The setting to display the highest temp during the reading helps ensuring that you comparisons are more accurate. An the plastic display case it comes in works to protect it while it sets in a tool drawer.
 Mine started showing AL for a reading. There is no mention of AL and the laser lights would stay on until I detached the battery. I tried a new battery same results. When I asked to return it, I saw this model had a new replacement model a few dollars less with no mention why it was replaced. If it was faulty why leave the original model I returned for sale on Amazon???
 This replaced an older model which was helpful but not accurate enough to trust for a true temperature reading. After 7 months of use I can report this has been a reliable unit and can highly recommend it. The accuracy has been tested against other temperature gauges and it's always within a degree or two. These units come in so handy for so many applications I'm glad I decided to replace the one which didn't provide consistant readings.
 Love it. The coolest candy thermometer ever! Why?  So, I am a guy that likes to make brittle for friends, family and co-workers. Ever since I saw Alton Brown use one of these to gauge temperature on "Good Eats," I knew that I had to have one too. I love it.  Also, I find it easier to store and easier to use than the traditional candy thermometers.
 This gizmo is terrific fun. Super easy to use and seems to work great. Measure to 10ths of degrees F. Point it at a wall and it matches the room thermometer. Point it at the ceiling and the temperature is a degree or two higher (hot air rises). Point it at the floor and it is a few degree cooler. Point it at metal near an open window and it is cooler still. You will be amazed when you see the quality of this device. Wonderful rubberized finish is a joy to hold in the hand. It truly feels and looks like it costs much &gt;$100. By the way, it even comes with the required 9 V battery!
 I have a strong urge to start a notebook with all of the temperatures I've taken so far with this device. My right forearm - 92 deg F / my fiancé's right forearm - 90 deg F / the fridge - 39 deg F / the cat's butt - 98 deg F / exterior wall front room - 78 deg F / scensty candle tart warmer wax thing I got from Yankee Candle - 140 deg F<br/><br/>The list goes on. My fiancé is giving me looks. I don't know if this relationship will last if I continue to test the temperature of everything in the house, including her forehead, closet, dress shoes, purse, dresses, tank tops, tee shirts, engagement ring, and toothbrush.
 Tested on a bare forehead with no occlusions like smoke, makeup, grease, et al. Temperature shows a range of 88F - 91F. Same subject in room temperature environment for at least 5 hours. And subject is not yet dead. This is a piece of junk.
 For the price, this thermometer is definitely the best quality you could hope for. If you need absolute precision, there are better quality guns on the market. This gun however, surpassed my expectation. The screen light up feature is more than adequate. The laser pointer sight works well and also entertains the heck out of my dog. The accuracy of the temperature reading is more than enough to give me an idea what not to put my hands on. I would say it's quite accurate. Full disclosure: I bought one because I saw the character, 'Gale boetticher' use one in, 'Breaking Bad' to check the temperature of his teapot. I thought it looked like a cool toy and  it turns out it was.
 Between guitar amps and 3d printing, this thing has been a great help. Very accurate and repeatable, even seems to do well with glass surfaces like amp tubs and glass 3d printing beds.
 This product is GREAT! I love it and was so worth the $10 or so that I paid for it. I use this product everyday and have used it for over a month with no issues. I use it to monitor my Snake cages and it is so simple to use and is spot on or at least within a degree or two at the most but who knows when you are dealing with that small of a difference it could be anything to cause that difference. If you want something that will give you a really good idea of what a temperature is this is your product.
 As easy as aim and get the temperature. accurate readings. good for bbq or anything you want to get a temperature for. not intended for taking your own temperature. But works great for the car too. I would recommend this item. I have fun just taking temperatures of random things around the house when I get bored, battery is holding up well.
 Worked great the firs two times I used it.  Now dead with "Err" on the display and even new batteries doesn't fix it.  I see no means to reset the unit.  It still turns on the laser, but nothing on display except "Err".
 I've liked this since buying it 12 months ago. Using mostly while cooking sauces, and when reheating already cooked foods from the fridge or freezer. Easy to use. Click once to turn on screen, and once again for a reading or 2nd reading. I find I'm using it as often as 10 times a week.  At a distance of an inch, the reading might cover a square quarter- to half- inch surface. At 12 feet, the temp result might be for a 3' x 3' area or larger. Good enough to see which windows and thresholds are more thermally leaky and drafty, now that it's time to weather seal for winter.
 I use this to check the temperature of aliens when I am on alien doctor duty (ADD).  Seems accurate; Oh, I've lost a few of them (the aliens, not the thermometers), but that was due to breakage, not the fever.  I use this for a range of other purposes (brewing, etc) and accuracy is acceptable.  Steam coming off creates some error so you need to make sure the thermometer is close to what you're measuring, but I've found my thermocouple and this to be within a degree.  Recommended (this IR thermometer, not the aliens; the aliens are a pain, I know it sounds cool to have aliens as pets, but trust me, you will regret it).
 This gun was horribly inaccurate. I couldn’t get a consistent reading. Varied by a tremendous amount. Holding it on a solid surface such as our granite countertop should be consistent but the digital readout was all over the place. Couldn’t get one reading to stay the same as the next and a very wide variance. Sent it back for a refund.
 Very nice product at the right price. Makes a great cat toy, as well! Always finding uses for this, from cooking, to checking the thermostat, ...etc
 This item is a beautiful gem that I use to test the temperature of the water for my fishtanks.  It is fairly accurate to within 5 degrees, easy to assemble, and easy to use.<br/><br/>My family has begun to test the temperature outside without looking up the weather by pointing it at a window and seeing if the window is colder than the room temperature.  If it is, it's colder outside and we need a jacket.<br/><br/>With this item, it is possible to choose Celsius or Fahrenheit.  It auto-shuts off after a few minutes in order to conserve battery power. It has become a staple in my tool chest.<br/><br/>Pros: Easy to test surface temperatures.  Long battery life.  Best accuracy of any laser thermal temperature meter that I've used.<br/>Cons: You'll try to tease your pets with the laser light.
 This has taken the guess work out of pouring soap at the right temperature. For years I've guessed. This gadget has save several soap projects in the last few weeks. Has made my work a lot easier. The price is right and it seems to do a really good job very easily. Glad for fellow reviewers or I would never have realized that there was an almost invisible plastic on the battery that needed to be removed in order to get the thing to work. I tried and tried and thought I had defective equipment and then I read that someone had to remove the plastic to get it to operate....Bingo. It worked immediately after I did that. Thanks fellow reviewers for saving me a lot of trouble.
 Received 1st week of  March '16.  It worked fine till now (Aug. 21 '16).  That's about 5 1/2 months.  Thought it was simply a worn out battery.  Replaced with a brand new battery.  Still doesn't work.  So, I'm saying this product is not worth the money.  Forget about buying this one.
 Inaccurate unit. Differences between a classic Hg thermometer are between 2 and 3 degrees Farenheit measuring body temperature. Having two Hg thermometers both gave me exactșy the same 98.4 but with the 774 shooting under the tongue I got 96,2 and 96,1 amd 96,3 values.<br/>However for other applications it may be useful, especially for roast beef (the classic instrument gives the inside temp, this one the outside and you have the entire picture then !<br/>Fair price for such instrument, let's see hol long the battery lasts.
 Now to be fair I have only had this for about 2 hours. So far so good. This thing feels great in your hand and measures temps both quickly and accurately. Great product. Backlit screen and laser pointer are a great finishing touch. If you have any doubts on this just grab it. I don't think you will find a better one at this price point.
 Excellent thermometer. Extremely accurate.  Tells the temp gradient in my reptile cages. A must for anyone who has more than one reptile.  This little gun will save you loads on individual thermometers.  Snakes and big lizards knock over and damage in cage thermometers,  you can walk around and take temps of different areas of the cage without disturbing the animals .
 Works exactly as advertised.  I am using it to troubleshoot an HVAC system to determine which air handlers are receiving chilled water and it takes surface readings almost instantly.  The laser is bright and the readout is easy to see and read.  It was quite a bit cheaper than some competing products so I am hopeful that I still like it as much in a year or two.
 I got this to measure temperature of an aluminum surface. This device seems to accurately measure everything EXCEPT what I got it for.<br/><br/>Verified the aluminum surface temperature with a thermocouple - 140F. The lasergrip 774 reads it as 97F!<br/><br/>If I measure any other surface, it seems to give accurate readings.<br/><br/>Unfortunate :(
 Totally inaccurate when compared to an actual thermometer.<br/><br/>I don't trust it to be at all accurate.
 Excellent product for little money!  We use this product in soap making, and it works flawlessly. I am hoping to be able to use it again in the spring when I cook on the grill also. The battery was a little tricky to install due to the connectors being so tight to get over the top of the connectors on top of the 9 volt battery, but this was overcome quickly and we were off to finding temperatures!
 I got this because I like precise temperature in cooking my steak and other meat.  Cooking on an induction stove, I realized that the temperature differential between different points in the pan can reach higher than 100 degrees and this can be very dangerous since the pan can crack and chunks of the metal can fly off if one side expands too fast. I use this laser thermometer to monitor the temperature to make sure the temperature differential is not too high and constantly adjust the pan to get an even heating. Buy this. You won't regret it.
 This is one of those gadgets that you never know how much you'll use it until you have one.  I've used it to check AC output temperatures, temperatures in the refrigerator/freezer, grill temperatures.  Anywhere you might want to take a temperature, this works.  You'll end up using it more than you think.  My only ding would be that it uses 9V batteries (I'm trying to convert all my battery powered items to AA, AAA, 14500, and 18650), but it's only a minor setback.<br/><br/>Don't be concerned by the price point, Etekcity stands behind their products.  If you get a bad one, reach out to them.  They'll make it right.  And a company that stands behind their product is easily worth the small inconvenience of a 9V battery over the AA thermometers.
 I bought this to measure temperatures for a solar oven project (kids science fair). It's easy to use, easy to understand, and got seems to be accurate. Worked great for what I bought it for. The only problem I experienced was taking it away from the kids because they were checking the temperature of EVERYTHING.
 This thermometer is a much needed tool for one's soap making arsenal.  Soapers, it will save you time, money and lots of frustration.  Prior to buying it, I was using meat thermometers, which died quickly or all together would just stop working on me--presumably due to being constantly submerged in liquids and oils? Either way, I wasted lots of money, time and energy complaining about and actually replacing thermometers. Coming across this thermometer has been a soap saver. It's much cheaper on Amazon than other vendors who sell comparable laser infrared thermometers.  It's easy to use, durable and appears to have a lengthy battery life.  A great investment.
 Perfect, works exactly as intended!<br/><br/>I purchased these after visiting my parents and seeing them use it for cooking and measuring various ingredient/cookware temperatures, etc. The original purpose I had in mind was measuring water temperature for my Aeropress to make sure I'm not burning my coffee beans, and this works perfectly for that. I can also measure oil temperatures while cooking on my electric stove, meat temperatures without dealing with a pesky thermometer that I'd then have to wash, etc.<br/><br/>Of course I don't expect this to be AS accurate as a physical probe, but for the convenience it adds and the fact that I'm usually just looking for a ballpark measurement, this is absolutely perfect.<br/><br/>Get yourself one of these -- sooo multipurpose and convenient!
 This is the smaller version of one I had years ago.  I prefer this one.  It is easier to hold for long periods of time.  Mine is used for paranormal investigations.  As described, you aim the red beam where you want to take the temperature, pull the trigger and you get it.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Etekcity-Lasergrip-1022D-Non-contact-Digital-Infrared-Thermometer-Dual-Laser-Blue/dp/B01BV0YMH4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Etekcity Lasergrip 1022D Non-contact Digital Infrared Thermometer, Dual Laser, Blue</a> It seems to work as stated, but to me it is hard to determine is the reading is accurate because of the emissivity setting. the reading can vary several degrees within the range given for different surfaces, so don't really know what I have. I wanted to check the temperature of the air coming out of my A/C grill. I asked about the setting for that and I was told around 50. I can change the setting just a couple of numbers and the reading will vary. Also, should the laser be aimed inside the grill or on the surface of the grill. Just little things like that make it difficult to use and trust. I guess though, for the cost it does what it is supposed to. I haven't had the battery problem though that some have had, of it going dead overnight.
 This thermometer really works well.  It is more than accurate enough for all of my uses like checking the temperature of the heating and AC vents to make sure the systems are working properly.  It's also very easy to check the variation in temperature of floors and walls from room to room.  It's supposed to be able to measure temperatures to a little over 700 degrees F.
 So far, I am very happy with my Etekcity Temp Gun - the price was right, and it does what I need it to do: mostly used to make sure the temps are right in my tortoise enclosures, but this is also fun to go on temperature hunts around the house, to check food temps (although remember: meat temps need to be measured internally), to check the temps of the garage or the outdoors (remember: you have to open the door. If you just aim it at the window, it will measure the temp of the window).<br/>I have not experienced problems with 'wandering' or changing temp readings. I did notice that when I left it in the (cold) garage overnight, it read temps on the low side in the morning. Now I just make sure to keep it in a drawer at room temp.
 Disappointing purchase, since the temperature is not displaying accurately. This is off by several degrees compared to other devices. I am thinking of asking for a refund.
 Wow this is a fantastic laser guided digital infrared thermometer. This model has two lasers that converge into a single point when the optimum measuring distance is reached. It makes taking accurate temperature measurements super easy. I like the 15 sec auto shutoff feature as well as being able to turn on/off the back light and laser independently. One 9V battery gives 12 hrs of cumulative use. This unit is a good size...not too big but not so small that it becomes difficult to handle. On thing I wish this product had was a protective case or pouch.
 So far I am very pleased with this thermometer.  The display is easy to read and overall the thermometer is very user friendly.  I haven't used it to make soap yet, so I'll update as soon as I do!<br/><br/>Seemed very sturdy when I opened it up and took it out of the box. Very pleased thus far.
 I bought this to replace a cheap piece of junk that looked just like this one.  There seems to be a lot of these look alike Infrared devices offered these days.  The Etekcity works great and gives consistent readings which intuitively make sense because how do you really know if the thing is accurate or not?  Readings are nearly instant and work from at least three feet away just as well as up close.  I bought this to go with a new pizza oven and it is invaluable in this use.  It also is great for finding warm and cold spots in the refrigerator.  You might be surprised at how much variation there is in yours as I was with mine.  Also, it is claimed to work to 716  degrees but last night I got a reading of 822 degrees after a prolonged heating of my pizza oven.
 Having seen to much food network, I caved and bought this.  First time I opened it I inserted the 9-volt battery and started 'shooting'.  It's really easy to use.  Pull the trigger once, it activates.  Pull the trigger and hold it will read the temp.  It has an auto shutoff that is a little fast, but I don't keep 9-volts around so I prefer it conserve energy.<br/><br/>First I shot the wall.  Same temp as the thermostat, accuracy verified.  Shot the window, slightly colder than the house (it was winter), looks good and now I'm thinking, what should my window temp be???  Shot some areas known for heat loss, now I know where to focus my insulation efforts.  Wife came home, I shot her in the head, she was not amused, I think it read ~95-96 degrees on that moving target.  Not bad!
 I purchased this product because I was experiencing difficulty with dial thermometers when i was grilling.  I grilled today using the Etekcity lasergrip and wow what a difference.  I finally have an accurate picture of all the temperatures on my grill surface.  For purposes of testing the performance of the etekcity....I had 3 dial thermometers on my cast iron grill plate which I placed on top of my grill grate on a weber charcoal grill and each of them were extremely slow and inaccurate in reading surface temperature. The dial thermometers were off by more than 100-150 degrees! Some of the dial thermometers were reading too hot by 100 degrees or more and some dial thermometers were reading too cold by 100 degrees or more.  I threw out the dial thermometers because they're pretty much useless garbage that don't work and can't be relied on at all.  From now on, all I need is the Etekcity Lasergrip 774 for accurate readings.  The Lasergrip is extremely fast in responding to temperature changes.  Finding hot spots and cool spots on my grilling surface is so easy, just hold down the trigger and watch the numbers climb or fall.  The processing time is about 1/2 of one second.  As you hold down the trigger the numbers will change to rising or falling temperatures in real time.  It comes with a built in laser that you direct towards your target.  The area measured is located approximately 2 cm below the laser point.  For the purposes that I'm using this product, I don't need precision beyond that. For a price below $17 USD, I think this is a fantastic product.
 This is a pretty straight forward tool.  It measures surface temperature.  Not water, not chicken or hamburgers, just surface temps.  That’s what it’s designed to do and it does that.
 When I pointed this within a few inches against my head, the temperature it read is pretty close to human temperature. It has a laser pointer to help you aim it. It's use is intuitive but you do need to learn where to point this thing when checking temperature of a pot when cooking. If you aim it at a dark spot on a stainless steel pot, you read a different temperature than if you aim it at the shiny portion of the same stainless steel pot, within an inch or so when the other reading.
 Making bread from scratch I need to know the correct temp of the water when mixing with yeast and this tool is incredibly helpful and accurate. Easy to use, convenient, and does not take up much storage space. A wonderful kitchen gadget that gets its fair share of use!
 I use the Etekcity Lasergrip Digital Infrared Thermometer for my Aquariums.  I love it.  It is instant accurate readings of the water in my aquariums and I no longer need to use aquariums thermometers that take forever to give you an accurate reading. Thank you!
 Had it for a back up one in the lab just in case for emergencies.  Sure enough we needed it immediately and it didn’t work  two different kinds batteries and nothing.
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas (and of course myself) and he can't stop taking the temperature of different things - freezer, coffee, sausage I was cooking on the stove, chilled drinks etc. We had a feeling the reason the water wasn't working on our refrigerator was because the freezer was set too low - I turned it down and it started working the next day but froze back up the next day. After he took the temperature of the freezer he knew exactly where to set the dial and we haven't had a problem since he opened this gift. This thermometer is too cool.
 Bought this for cooking, but I also am finding a million uses for it around the house now. One of which was checking the efficiency of the A/C around the house. I can tell which vents aren't getting the same air flow as others based on the temperature of the metal grate.<br/><br/>Not just that, it's way too fun just to play around with. I was drinking one night and just had a stupid amount of fun walking around the house checking the surface temperatures of things. My friends thought I was crazy, until I handed it to them. Then I couldn't get it back.<br/><br/>Anyways, this works very well, seems to be highly accurate, and is just a fun gizmo to have around the house.
 Very easy to use, portable.  I use it to monitor trailer hub temperatures while hauling.  I originally got it to learn about my new pizza oven -- worked great for that too.  I plan on buying another one just to keep in the truck.  All kinds of great applications.
 This a great tool in the kitchen. It helps to read outbtge precisely the temp of my skillet when I sizzle steaks or checking the oven temperature.  It is also a great teaching tool for young children to learn how to measures temperature in the household. Simple point and shot.
 Everyone who cooks anything - even if it's just frying eggs - needs one of these in their kitchen.  No more guessing whether your pan is hot enough or where the cold spots are.  This is half the size of the one my roommate had bought back in the early 2000s.  Get one today!  They make great stocking stuffers.
 Used it today to check asphalt temperatures at work and then at home to check the motor temperatures on my RC Car.  Readings were within 1 degree of a calibrated thermometer used for the asphalt trucks.  The laser light was a must for the RC car motor since it is so small, so it confirmed that I was hitting the correct spot for the reading.<br/><br/>One thing to note, at first I though I was missing the included 9-volt battery because the area for the battery in the packaging was empty.  After purchasing a new battery, I found the included battery unconnected in the battery compartment of the device.<br/><br/>I recommend purchasing this unit if you need a good, quick, easy to use thermometer for a very inexpensive price.
 Has a nice, professional feel to it, first of all. The rubberized grip was very comfortable. Upon receiving it, I immediately checked my skin/circulation, cracks I suspected allow drafts in the house (such as door frames), and my PC hardware with great accuracy. My original purpose for buying this was to ensure custom cooling for my motherboard's VRM and Northbridge heatsinks were accurate on programs like HWInfo64. They were perfect, and only varied by a degree in a couple instances. But when taking into account the position of the sensors, it really performed quite accurately so far.<br/><br/>Granted this is the first day owning it, I feel it is a well made product and it should perform as they indicate it will for some time to come. I will update if any problems arise. Otherwise, it has been good for me.<br/><br/> I would surely buy another (of this brand) if I required another or was giving a referral.
 Wanted to fry some food.Got tried of having to clean my candy thermometer. (light bulb moment) I have an infrared thermometer on my volt meter......worked great but got a little tedious going to work truck every time I needed to check temp. while cooking. Talking to my daughter about new recipe she could try...., her reply was she could never tell if oil was right temp. (another light bulb moment)<br/>Started checking for infrared.....this one is inexpensive, reviews are good... (wonder if it is good?). For this price I can buy 2, send one to her<br/>and keep 1 for myself. (AND I can test them first).<br/>They arrived, got my volt meter, and proceeded to run around like little boy taking temps of everything around. Freezer,frig, T.V.,walls, light bulb, oven, waterbed. All 3 infrared thermometers read same temp within .3 degrees. Good enough for me. Right size, feels good in hand, EASY to use.<br/>Not going to use it every day but is a NICE tool to have.
 This digital thermometer is very good, especially considering the low cost. I think the R&amp;D cost on this type of non-contact thermal sensing has been paid in full given that when I checked out these devices a few years ago, the cost was about 10x as much! It has come in very handy at my office where I use it on a regular basis to check and verify the chiller unit output through the ceiling vents.
 The problem with this device is that the displayed temperature reading is highly dependent on the distance from the device to the surface whose temperature you are trying to read. A variation of just a couple of inches in the distance has a big impact on the reading. As such, it is impossible to get even a reasonably accurate reading.
 I got this for my husband for an early Christmas present and we've both been using it daily to help us in our winterizing efforts.  It has been immensely helpful in this capacity--I can't believe we went so long without one.<br/><br/>It is so easy to use right out of the box and pretty much fool-proof.  However, it should come with a warning: severely addictive.  I never knew how much fun a thermometer could be.  I would absolutely recommend this product to everyone.
 This thing is awesome! The quality is better than I was expecting for such a low price. I don't have anything to compare it to, but the temps seem fairly accurate from the testing I have done so far.<br/><br/>I would have bought one of these years ago if I realized getting a decent one was this cheap. I ordered it to replace broken glass on a couple of phones, in order to avoid getting it too hot and burning the LCD.<br/><br/>8-26-2018: I've owned this for over 3 years now, it's still working great!
 Use all the time rather than guessing.  Before and after testing and documenting rather than just saying "this is scalding hot but now that I've rolled down the windows it's 'way' better in here. "Or this street seems very hot". With this temperature gun I'm convinced that some routines should be avoided during certain hours of the day,  I can reduce wear and tear on my bike , home , self, and I'm able to prepare and protect the materials from heat flex, failure,  and premature aging.
 I use this to help me determine whether a dog's situation is life-threatening and it works very well. It is accurate and very easy to use. One proviso, it will not tell you an animal's temperature. For that you need a rectal thermometer, but it is excellent for determining how how the dog's surroundings are.
 I hesitated purchasing this thermometer as some reviewers were challenging its accuracy. I’ve tested it and used other thermometers as references and I can say that the measurements are correct and accurate. This might not be scientific/medical grade, but it’s mighty close.
 I have to say that for such a low price you are getting more then your monies worth here. I've used this to check walls that don't have insulation and read exactly how much colder these walls are. I've used it to see if a radiator was turning on the pipe read 188 degrees- very impressed overall quality and performance. I was about to spend 70-80 dollars on one of these but thankfully I didn't and I am more then satisfied with the overall scanner. Amazing.
 I got this to monitor the temperatures in my snakes tanks and it works great! I own 8 ball pythons and the regular thermometers you get for reptiles didn’t seem to be working that well and the humidity made it so the paper inside of them would warp. I decided to get a heat gun instead. I was scrolling threw Amazon to see if they had any good ones a an affordable price and I found this one! Most reviews were pretty good and the price was one of the cheapest! It is really accurate and reliable when checking temperatures. I am very happy to have bought this product! ^^
 I don't like leaving reviews unless they are negative just to let buyers beware. But I must say with this product I am very impressed just point aim pull the trigger awesome. The more reason for this review is to let anyone know that if you are in the aquarium hobby as I am I use the product for water changes. Making sure that the new clean water that I'm adding is the same as the temp as the aquarium. I get a accurate reading in seconds. So anyone in the aquarium hobby this is a perfect tool to have. And If you don't know how to aim it also has a laser pointer so there is no excuse to miss.
 I use this all the time - I have a woodburning cookstove, and I check the temperature of the top before deciding where to put the pot/coffee maker.  I use it to check the temperature in the frying pan so I don't burn the meat when browning by having it cook too quickly, or have a soggy breadcrumb coating from the pan being too cool.  Also great for checking the gas grill.
 As a low cost remote temperature sensor, I find it to have impressive accuracy. It is not a scientific quality instrument, but suitable for home use. I found it to be a tool that could check temperatures of home appliances like freezers and refrigerators. It also gives a quick reading for outdoor temperatures if you sight it properly.
 The Lasergrip works great, it works great to get the temp in my freezer and refrigerator, it was right on the money.<br/>This is a great gift for Christmas time..<br/>I just now put a order in from the same company for two more, did a little upgrade this will be a great Christmas gift for sure.<br/>I tryed it by the windows and also on the wall next to my Thermostat it was right on the money again.<br/>You can use this for a thousand things, I love it and the price is the best.
 Works well, we use it to measure in-ground pool temp. Temp matches the sensor perfectly, which only measure the temp when jets are running. Now we can measure anytime.<br/><br/>Like the back light. Has a built in on-demand laser light so can aim the device perfectly.<br/><br/>We also verified the temp at the thermostat and it matched the temp readout perfectly.<br/><br/>Very impressed the accuracy of this instrument and overall quality. 9 volt battery was included in the handle, just unwrap and connect.<br/><br/>Great price and value for the money.
 I use this almost every meal when cooking, it is super useful for determining how hot the pan is before adding food or while cooking. It makes avoiding accidental burns very easy. Doesn't replace a meat thermometer though since it does only really measure the surface. Easy to grip and feels good in the hand, laser makes it easy to aim and is intuitive to use. Definitely useful on occasion around the house too, gives some confidence when determining if a surface is safe to touch without heat protection.
 Very reasonably priced. When compared to more expensive models side by side the temperatures matched +/- 2%. I have used this sparingly in automotive diagnostics and have not had any issues. The item does not have any sort of cheap feel to it. Sturdy construction with what seems like quality materials.
 I love this "Toy"!  I always wanted to see how cold the air was coming out of the vents so I can shut up my wife when she says that she is hot!  Great cat toy to boot!  It even takes my temperature so I can be a ghetto doctor!  Pool water temp, no problems.  Battery comes with it!  Buy this thing if you like to have fun.  Look elsewhere if you are crabby like my wife!
 Tiny. Very accurate. Easy to use. Using it in the kitchen. Remember this gives surface temps and not deep temps so won't tell you when your meat or turkey is done. However will tell you how hot your fry pan is before cooking on it. Was interesting to see how much temperature varies in my refrigerator from bottom shelf to top shelf.
 I've been using this product for over 6 months now and I love it.<br/>I mainly use it to measure the temperature of the water I previously boiled for my baby feedings without having to physically touch the water. It's been working great for that purpose, seems to display a correct temperature compared to another thermometer I have.<br/>It's also useful if you want to check if the heat/cooling is working properly in your house. It was definitely a good buy.
 This item did not even work. I bought it 3 days ago and replaced the battery as instructed in the form. I even follow the youtube videos but sadly it did not turn on. Very dissapointed in this product.
 The Etekcity® DT-8380 Non-Contact Infrared (IR) Thermometer isn't a very accurate instrument, but is more than fine for the price. Using some controlled tests, I'd say it's within +/- 5 degrees or so. If you need more precise measurements, you're gonna have to spend more than $15-$20. For my use around the house to find cold spots and drafts, etc, it works fine. It also comes with a cheap 9 volt battery to get you started. If you're going to store the thermometer for extended periods of time, I suggest you remove it or replace it with a better alkaline battery that is less likely to leak and ruin the device.
 I bought this for my 5th grade class to learn about weather.  We've had more fun using it to obtain surface temps and have learned a great deal about the difference of temperatures in the sun and in the shade.  For safety reasons, we turned the laser light off, and we've enjoyed using it in both Celsius and F.
 Maybe like you...I have wanted to play with one of these gadgets for years but could not justify the high price.  This unit is affordable and works great.  You just point it at an object and pull the trigger.  The red laser gives you a good idea what the sensor is pointing at.....and the temp in F or C pops right up.  The unit shuts itself off when not being  used.  An excellent value.
 This has been much more useful than I expected!  Ever have a recipe that says something like "heat oil to 350 degrees"?  well before I was guessing, but now I KNOW what the temp is of my cooping implements.  How cool!  (oh, and this particular model seems rock solid and more than meets the need.  Stop debating and get one already, will you?)
 Pros:<br/>LOVE the 2 laser beams that either give me a precise point temp or an average and shows me the diameter that it averages<br/>CHEAP<br/>Blue backlight rocks<br/>Ability to change the emissivity is helpful for calibration reasons<br/>HOLD feature is nice<br/><br/>CONS:<br/>No case<br/>No openings for a lanyard<br/>Battery cover feels flimsy
 It's a fun device to see how warm or cold things are. I had no practical reason to purchase it, so I can't say for certain how it works for any true use. I gave 4 stars instead of 5, because it seems the closer you are to the thing you are trying to measure the temperature of, the more accurate the reading. It came with batteries, and it has a very comfortable material for the grip.
 Came in package that wasn't impossible to open!! Which is nice seems like everything has to be opened with a torch these days. Just got it today and very easy to operate. Also seems fairly accurate. Will give an update in a week or two.
 Only had it 1 day and it seems to work great. Also seems to pretty accurate. It has a good feel and does not feel cheap. I was worried as for less than $20 I did not know what to expect. I've used it to measure temperatures in the freezer and fridge and as I have thermometers in both I was able to check accuracy. It seems right on. My wife laughs at me as I find it so much fun. Interested in seeing if it helps with cooking. If you're a Curious George like me you have lots of fun with it. Will be using to it to measure the temp of various electrical components such as laptops, servers and my server closet. Buy it and enjoy.
 Worked well for my purposes, measuring temperatures of solar PV panels.  You can put black electrical tape on a surface and it will match the fixed emissivity pretty well.  Just give the tape time to match the surface temperature to be measured.  Low enough in cost for a single project if it didn't make it back in checked luggage, but it did.  Local airline security folks had to pull out of luggage since it has a pistol shape, but just took reading and showed the display then they were fine  with it..
 It's a good tool- maxes out at 999 and then says "HI" good for most applications.  The battery compartment is a little weak, mine doesn't snap shut like it should but it does stay closed.  It seems like a fairly inexpensive design and feels as such but works without a prob.  The value back light is a nice touch and it shuts itself off after a few moments of inactivity.  Has a hold function to hold the temp.  Four stars due to the battery compartment design.  I could probably put a little muscle into it but 1) I shouldn't have to and 2) it closes, stay shut, and works without a problem - just doest close completely.
 Yes, I pointed it at my nuts!  I had fun all day with this,  its awesome, and it will work well for my soldering projects.
 i initially purchased this to monitor the temperatures of my home electronics/stereo equipment. it works wonderfully for a whole assortment of tasks! also, it’s espically fun to retreat back into your inner 8yr old and measure every random things around your house! lol, in all seriousness, though, it’s a great piece of kit for the VERY reasonable price.
 have not used yet for the reason i bought this item yet, but have had much fun playing with it.  point it at anything and everything (not dog's eyes though- that would be bad with the lazer on) and get a temp read.  i pointed it at my thermometer and they were exactly the same read, to the decimal.
 This is easy to use and a fun toy too.  I use it to make beer with the regular thermometer and this is pretty accurate.  This is my second one, I lost the first one so I had to order another one.  I also use it when baking in my wood burning stove.  I put the laser right on the pizza stone.  Hopefully I won’t lose this one.  One little thing that really impresses me is the luxury feel of the plastic handle, not just hard, cheap plastic but there is just a quality feel to the plastic which I appreciate.  Hey, you could use the laser as a pointer for power point presentations too and also check to see how cold those conference rooms always are.
 Was shopping for a used chest freezer and got this to make sure it was still within manufactures specs. Worked perfectly and saved me from wasting money on something that may need repair.  Also found out that our toaster oven temp is off by 100 degrees!  Plan to use it to check the temperature on vehicle transmission when being towed.
 I've had the  Lasergrip 774 digital thermometer for about 2 weeks now and it has been fun. I've had no serious use for it yet, but the things I've "shot" have given readings about what I expected. My "serious" uses will be checking for thermal leaks around the fridge, freezer, hot water heater, hot water pipes, and windows. So we'll see how they do.
 I compared it with a Raytek MiniTemp and a General IRT207. The Etekcity 1022D had the best temperature readings. I need the thermometer to quickly check pool temperatures outside and a/c vents inside. For the pool I included a non-digital thermometer to compare. It had 90F. My pool heat pump also shows 90F and the Etekcity showed 90F. The "General Tools" IRT207 showed 88, the Raytek 92. Inside the house, I had similar results. Due to the nature of these units, there are fluctuations. In addition to accurate measurements, I like the two laser beam idea; very nice to use. Being able to very easily adjust the emissivity value is great feature, too; good and easy explanation as well. I am VERY happy with the Etekcity Lasergrip 1022D and highly recommend it.
 I had a contractor come into my home to perform an energy audit a while back.  He had one of these and I was fascinated by it.  He let me use it during his visit and it might have been comparable to a firefighter letting a little kid wear his fireman's hat for a while.<br/><br/>I thought this thing was so neat that I had to get one for myself.  Now I just go around the house beaming the laser at random spots in the house to check the temperature.  It appears to be accurate and it's a lot of fun to play with :)
 This is a very useful product.  I bought it to find flaws in my house's insulation, but I find myself using it for quite a few fun (not always necessary) tasks as well. How hot are my car seats when parked in the sun, how helpful is it to crack a window, how much heat are my led lights putting out compared with a regular bulb, and so on.  Useful and a fun tool to have.
 In preparing to use this for the first time, I opened the battery pack area and pulled out the battery that was there and wrapped and ready for use.  When I pulled out the snap for the top of the 9v, the black ground wire came off the snap and rendered it useless.  Probably can fix it easy enough, but, pretty poor quality!
 (Revised from original):  I bought this about a year ago.  It worked fine until a few days ago when it died.  No apparent reason, it just quit working.  I replaced the battery with one I had just purchased (and was using in another item); same result.  I originally gave one star, which resulted in an immediate response from Etekcity.  They have agreed to replace the lasergrip, which is, I'm told, in route.  It's curious how a product with only one moving part - the trigger - would mysteriously cease to function, but I appreciate Etekcity's quick response and replacement.  Time will tell how the replacement performs.
 OH MAN IS THIS THING AWESOME! Now you can tell the temperature of anything, not just food! Friends, enemies, frenemies, whatever they are to you---you can point this thing at them and tell whether they're hot or not! To be frank I have since completely forgotten what I originally purchased this for and whether it worked well for that purpose, but I am pretty sure it did, and then I went on to find many other purposes for it, all of which also worked amazingly!
 The screen wasnt working properly it wouldnt change settings and then i tested the temperature gauge on a few things that were accurately heated the temp read wrong but when i told them what the problem was they refunded me immediately after
 Practical size, looks  a usage. I read the product description and immediately knew adding this item would be a long term benefit to me. The price was too good  to  pass up. Their offer to extend the warranty an additional year was another benefit. Plus the added perks. My answer was a resounding, Heck yes!! I wanna be an Etekcitizen.
 We use these for all kinds of tasks, from checking brake temps, checking if it's safe for pets to walk on concrete and asphalt on hot days, BBQ grill temps, power panel breaker temps, heat tape tests, etc...  A great tool for your tool box.
 Cool little device.I was getting ready to spray closed cell foam in my basement which needs a minimum temp of the substrate .It helped determine when the walls had reached the desired temp as it was in the 30s outside. Did the job .
 This was a gift to my first grandchild. He is 2 months old this week. His Mom &amp; Dad have been using this scanner to measure the temperatures of bathwater and food for my grandson.. I asked him if he liked it, and the little guy gave me a big smile, (and his cat loves the laser).  I believe this tool is a must-have for taking good care of a new born. The parents are very happy with this gift.
 Excellent instrument, quit reading, I use on my HVAC daily job all time. 9v battery included. looks profesional and got its own screen light. so you can read it when is dark.<br/>Pros: battery included, nice look, handily, nice colors.<br/>Cons: nothing but the time<br/>I`ll keep this update
 I got this to more accurately set the temperature of an electric griddle. Works like a champ. People like to play with it and measure the temperature of everything around when I pull it out of the drawer. Kind of funny.
 dont know how accurate it is but it does say 95.6 when I aim it in my mouth to measure body temperature.  I have used it to check the performance of our boat refrigeration, the temperature of the compressor module and also the temperature of our high output alternator.<br/><br/>Its field of view is wide so it cant accuartely measure the temp of the pressure and suction lines on the compressor but Im not sure a bigger one could do that either.<br/><br/>These tend to die on the boat where the salt air corrodes the battery contacts after a year or two.  I buy cheap ones that I dont mind throwing out.  I doubt that more expensive models would survive any longer on the boat.
 It is accurate per my old mercury thermometer. I recommend putting NiMh batteries in it as the ones it comes with are pretty cheap feeling and when alkaline batteries are left to long they expand and leak ruining your device. Sanyo or amazon basics (re branded white label sanyos) are good options and pretty reasonable. can't go wrong with this temp gun. I use it for AC work and checking stove temps while doing maintenance jobs also good for finding thermal leakage in a house or apartment
 It's crazy how many times I've use it in the last week.  Price is low, it works great, comes with a battery and has been extremely useful in proving to my wife that the heat is actually working the way it should  :)  LOL<br/>This is worth every penny !!!
 For the price, this is a very good thermal laser device.  I have noticed that over 2', the temperature reading is off by a few degrees, so shooting a high ceiling or simply being too far from the target area will yield an incorrect reading.  For the most part, I am very satisfied with this device.  I mainly use it to detect 'hot spots' on the walls &amp; ceiling at my house as I am trying to insulate rooms to be more energy efficient.  I also can get accurate readings from my HVAC vents so as to find underperforming issues with my system.<br/>I would recommend this device for non-commercial uses.
 Works AMAIZNG ! I use this for making candles as the wax needs to be a certain temperature. I love it so much I have increasingly become annoying and walking around with it. I check the temp of my friends ears, hands, forehead. I check walls, Olive Garden food and coffee. You name it and I zap it with this thing.
 I have dropped this a couple of times and still works , its great for my stove its a 50s propane with inaccurate thermometer. My baking has improved also helps with freezer temp. Some things like popcycles should be stored at 13 Belize zero.
 I was skeptical on buying this because the price..however I'm glad I bought it. Very easy to use, I like the backlight feature as well. I use this mostly for powder coating, to check the temperature of what I'm powdering. I'm a volunteer firefighter, and I compared this to a $5,000 FLIR thermal imaging camera we use at the station...and this is within +-1° of the FLIR thermal imager. It is very accurate using at about one foot away. Would definitely buy it again.
 I use it all the time in my HVAC work! Check temp rise quickly. Not as good as more expensive ones but it works.
 Love this digital laser thermometer!  May sound strange but I use it for my aquariums.  Verifying temps in the tank and getting close to matching it on water changes is very important so that the fish don't go into shock and possibly die.  This device makes it quick and easy.  I've already been raving about it to my fellow tank enthusiasts.
 I bought this for my husband for a Christmas present and he LOVES it. He uses it for just about everything he does on the grill or outside when cooking on our outdoor stove with a wok or deep fryer (he makes chicken wings often and it gives him accurate readings on the oil). He says it's one of his favorite gadgets and he's wondering why he didn't get one sooner. The product is simple to use. Turn it on, pick your settings (F vs C) and point and shoot. Easy.
 I use this for taking leaf surface temperatures to calculate vapor pressure differential in a greenhouse and it works great. The hold feature is nice when you can't get a direct view of the screen. Illuminated screen and laser work fine and can be toggled to save battery.
 Great for its intended purpose of giving reasonably accurate readings of surface temperatures. Absolutely NOT intended for checking internal food temperatures, for those you need to insert thermometers or risk food poisoning.<br/><br/>As long as its limitations are understood, it's a fantastic device. I tested mine against known good thermometers and it was well within the advertised accuracy limit.<br/><br/>A very well made instrument and an excellent value.
 Never registered the correct temp. Returned it
 Great addition to my tool box. It's always good to know what temperature you're working with when it comes to auto mechanics. How hot is that oil going to be when it comes spewing out?<br/><br/>Now I know.
 Wished I had this years ago!  I use it for making CP soap where you need to have your lye/water &amp; oil mix at the same temperatures.  This thermometer makes this so easy to do!  It's fast and easy to read the temperatures of the mixes without having to cool down an inserted thermometer.
 This has been the best purchase I’ve made since becoming a reptile owner. Fantastic quality, works great, love that it holds the display when you release the trigger. Haven’t had it long enough to comment on battery life, but I love it enough that I would buy again if it were to die tonight.
 This is a great tool that can really help you discover the weak spots in your house insulation, the correct temperature of your heating stove, refrigerator, etc... I have also used it in candlemaking, cooking checking the accuracy of thermostats around the house. It is fun, quick and easy to use :)
 Had a bit of a disagreement with our HVAC guy regarding the AC at our business and this very reasonably price unit resolved the situation with the push of a button. Received the unit promptly and in good condition. Popped the batteries in and away you go. Seems very well designed for both easy of usage and durability. I don't anticipate heavy usage but it one of those tools I'm glad I have in my bag.
 I use this for soap making. My old temp gauge took too much time adjusting in temperature up and down for me to get my cooling product within a 10-degree range to be able to combine. This makes my life sooooo much easier!
 So far, so good! We use it for our snakes to make sure their enclosure is warm enough.
 Got this product on recommendation from another chef.  Very easy to use - display is easy to see and gun is not too bulky so as to be problematic when dual tasking.  Product comes with battery so able to start using as soon as received.  Nice!
 i'm not going to lie... i spent about 20 minutes after opening the package just pointing and clicking random items to gauge the temp.. it works pretty well and comes with it's own batter.. you can turn the laser on or off and the backlight on and off (it's a bluelcd)
 Now that we finally have a gun shaped thermometer with laser pointer that measures in both Fahrenheit and Celsius, we are able to accurately measure the temperature of just about anything. It is especially handy for measuring the pavement to see if flipflops are required to get to the community pool without burning feet (140 F is really too much for most toosties). If they could make it slightly less awesome, maybe our kids would quite running off with it. Other than that, no complaints. Excellent product.
 The only time the device worked was straight out of the box. I have purchased multiple versions of 9V's, but the device no longer works after having it less than 60 days. The price point is was attractive, but you're definitely purchasing quality with this item. My advice would be to shop around for another brand that is more well known and to avoid this particular item if you don't like wasting money.
 The LCD screen no longer works after only a handful of user. Disappointed as now it’s unusable.
 Hey, this is great to have. You want to get the idea of how hot something is, without having to touch it. This is for you. I love it, and I really only use it for my Deep Fryer. My fryer doesn't tell you when it's hot enough, or if it's cool enough. So, I just grab my temperature gun and point and shoot. It tells me in a second what the temp is. It may not be the exact temp, but it's pretty dang close for my needs. I would say, if it's not the exact temp it's within 10 degrees of it. At least by my experience, and that's perfectly fine for my needs.<br/><br/>So, pick this up, it's been doing a fine job so far, and no need to clean after use.
 Exactly what I needed for making my natural soaps. I needed it to measure the temps and this is perfect. Our soap teacher said get it and so glad she did. You can see the display numbers very clear, its accurate, its easy to use, Its very sturdy and made very well. I would definately buy again and again. You can not go wrong with this and company is great.
 Great for checking pan temperature before adding eggs, steak, or vegetables (variety of cooking methods). If you've ever watched Good Eats, then you'll realize the use of this product. At work we have 3 grill surfaces but only two of them have a built-in thermometer. This takes out the guess work when bringing it to a safe temperature to clean. Mine is consistent on it's temperature readings and pretty accurate. Certainly for my uses accurate enough.
 Once the battery is connected, it is easy to use, just point and press the tigger.  We are bottle feeding kittens. When warming the milk in the microwave, just shack the bottle to make the milk temperature and bottle outside the same. Click to see the temperature. Shooting for mid 90's.  Check by dribing milk on your wrist.
 This is a lot of fun and very easy to use.  The best uses for me have been what temperature is the room I'm in, where are the cold spots on my walls and whether I'll get burned if I pick up a dish I took out of the oven 10 minutes ago.  It doesn't make sense that it displays temperatures to 0.1 degree but has an accuracy of + or - 2 degrees.  Otherwise I love it.
 Not a lot to say.  It works as intended, is highly functional, batteries last forever, and my lizards are very happy that they have a hot spot in the cage that is the right temperature.<br/><br/>An unintended bonus, this keeps my young kids occupied for hours as they run around the house see what the temperature of walls, people, and pets are.  It can also be used for cooking when external temps will work (such as boiling water, jelly making, etc).
 I wish I could give it more but after using it for one season (we use it to check the temp of our wood burning insert), the laser doesn't work any more.  It still registers the temp but without the laser.  We used it for probably 4 months, just a few times a week.
 I've been using this to help locate cold spots and air leaks around doors and windows, etc. in my house this winter.  It's quite accurate even at more than a few feet away.  Also ran it along the baseboards around the outer edges of the house to find some areas that needed additional insulation in the crawl-space.
 Extremely satisfied with this purchase. I do most of my own home and auto repairs. The ability to know the temperature of an a/c duct, hot water spigot, or exhaust manifold is very important to troubleshooting problems. If you deep fry your fish and chips, this is so much easier than one of those "in the pan" thermometers. The item arrived on time, safe and sound, with a fresh battery. Instructions were spot on. This is a bargain by any measure, and I would highly recommend it for any kitchen or tool box. Great product!!!!!
 Material Quality - it is identical to my other temp gun.  Very well made.<br/><br/>Battery life is still to be seen.<br/><br/>Durability - 5 stars.  I have dropped this thing a few times already, and it is still working.<br/><br/>I also checked it against two other types of thermometers and it matches perfectly.  Great purchase.
 It's light weight, simple to use, reads C and F, locks the temp for you, and seems to be fairly accurate. It reads the same temps as my two accurite thermometer/hygrometers and makes it easy to spot check brooder temps on my baby chicks and the temp in my soap batches. The price was reasonable and it came with a battery.<br/><br/>Thanks!
 I was useing candy thermometer for deep fried foods always uncomfortable to use it but this one champion everywhere to check my soap oil and lye temperature and deep fried foods much better then dipped into oil way.
 Took some classes on doing chocolates, so bought to make sure of temp of chocolate.  It was so easy just to point and shoot and see what temp the chocolate was.  Great tool
 Works well, reasonably accurate and cheap and fun! I use it for:<br/>1) Measuring temperature of cast iron skillet and other cookware<br/>2) Diagnosing AC issue by measuring output temperature at various vents<br/>3) Making coffee with Aeropress - use it to test water temperature<br/>4) Check fridge and freezer are correct temperatureS<br/>5) Used it to check oven/pizza stone temperature<br/>6) Diagnose air leaks near windows<br/>7) Checked temperature of my hand<br/>8) Checked cat's butt
 This thing is very cool. I point it at everything! It's handy for food and so forth, but it's also good at finding hot or cold spots in your house!
 just built a sunroom and used this tool to test for areas of heat loss. very handy little instrument. showed me exactly where weather stripping and insulation was needed. very easy to use. highly recommended.
 We used this on our freezer and fridge to see just how cold each shelf was. Our milk &amp; veggies were spoiling long before the expiration date and after using this on our freezer, (which was running constantly) That we needed a new heater unit. Our fridge temp wasn't correct either. Now our freezer door water is working again and all of the milk and produce lasts beyond it's expiration date.
 Very nice little unit. Feels good in hand and works very well for checking the temp of my pizza stone in my kamado grill. Very happy with this, especially for the price! The 718 F max should be just fine for BBQ work although if you are going thermonuclear you could go with the Etecity 1080 for a couple of dollars more. Appear to be same unit with different temperature ranges.<br/><br/> I have no hesitation recommending this product.
 I use this on my wife to see if she's getting turned on.<br/><br/>You can watch the temperature drop in real-time. Neat.
 Seems to work well! Helps me check temps on our shrink wrap machine.
 Quick and easy to use, but I seriously question its accuracy. Our use it to measure frozen goods and the same item can vary with a window of about 20° from one reading to another.
 Got this for work.  It works great!  It's light, compact and easy to use.  It is accurate and I haven't had to change the battery yet and I've had it for about a year.
 This is the most used tool in my house!  I got it for reptile temps and it's very accurate. I also use it for working on the car, cooking, checking a/c temps, etc.  Love it!  I would get it again if mine ever breaks. It's made of plastic, and has a red dot for the specific surface you're  trying to read.  Has a good shape and nice handle.
 Perfect for checking temps in my bearded dragon enclosures. I have glass enclosures as well as wooden enclosures. It's so important to have correct temps on both basking and cool sides.  A must have!
 this is a great tool to have around, and excellent price. Feels solid and temp reading is at least in the same ballpark. Not sure on the reading accuracy but I don't need 100% accuracy for the use this will be put to.
 For the price you really can't go wrong. I had no intention of purchasing one of these but it came up in Amazon's suggested products and I had to have it. I've actually got some good use out of it too for rolling car fenders. It lets me know how hot the metal is so I can proceed with rolling without worrying about cracking the paint as much. Good quality, simple to use. Seems accurate.
 This is a great handy tool that we use for our wood stove to get an accurate heat reading, but recently had our bathroom redone and the contractor asked to use it to take the temp of the spray foam container because it had to be at a certain temp to put in our walls and spray.  So, it's come in handy...especially for us and you can use it to take the temp on your pans while cooking if you need to cook at a certain temp for things like stir frys.
 I bought this for my husband and we now both use it all the time for cooking. Love it! The grip feels nice and soft on the front, but very durable. Accurate as far as we've tested it. I've bought at least 4 of these as gifts for people - they're great for basically anyone and always the hit of the day if they unwrap it at the party and start playing around with it. And affordable AF!
 I have always needed/wanted on of these non contact thermometers and didn't get one because they were too expensive for home use.  I bought two of these and checked them against several sources of heat with known temperatures.  They are very accurate.  I am completely satisfied with them.<br/><br/>We use Amazon for most of our purchases and I update my reviews if anything changes with the products. I do this so other Amazon users can get a real feel for the life of the product.  I am not associated with any company and all opinions are my very own.
 Accurate and reliable, I should have purchased the unit that goes up to 1500 degrees F. When it reaches max. sensing temp it changes display to show 'HI" telling you its hotter than 750 degrees F.
 I was curious about the insulating quality of my front door. I set up the Etekcity 1022D and checked the temps. The reading on the inside of the door was 74.3F. The outside surface, of this west facing door, was 118.4F. Naturally I had to check temps on refrigerators and freezers and sidewalks and just about anything that wasn't moving.  This Infrared Thermometer Temperature Gun works fast and easily. Very pleased with this device.
 This is such a useful tool!  We have various animals, and it is not always easy to get a body temp reading. While it isn't exactly the right temp, it gives a non- invasive way to get a clue. Also used it for other things like household electronics to see of our cell phone batteries are getting too hot.
 I purchased the Etekcity Thermometer for one reason and that was to check the many return ducts in my house.  Some rooms were not getting the right amount of heat.  It worked great but since then I have found many other uses for this thermometer such as checking food temp in the refrig., and water temp for cooking etc.  It works great and I'm glad I purchased it.
 This heat gun works great. Tells me the correct temperature for all sorts of things. I mainly use it for my cars but it can be used for anything around the house.
 I use this to measure the heat of the surface of my cast iron pan when cooking. Obviously, this is not to measure internal food temperature.<br/><br/>It works well, stores well, and turns off on its own after not being used.
 Great little thermometer. I wanted one of these for a long time but could never really cost justify. The Etekcity has a super reasonable price, hoping it is durable and lasts.  I've had it for about a week, using it to find drafts around windows and trim and to measure temperature in on a heat sink I am attaching to a wood stove. I would definitely recommend this thermometer as an inexpensive solution to anyone.
 I've purchased a salt block for grilling and needed an accurate surface temperature reading. This product fit the bill perfectly. I love it. And it came right on time, as promised.
 NO battery supplied on top of stealing my money.
 Found it to be very accurate.  I have several different thermometers around my home and it always measures within 1 degree.  Great for checking my pool temperature, shows the difference between the shelf levels in my refrigerator or freezer.  Only had it for about a week so can’t really comment on battery life or durability.  But for the the price, it’s been useful and a lot of fun.
 Got this to measure my reptile tanks.  Simple but works for my needs.  Comes with 9V battery.  Reads in Celsius or Fahrenheit and can take ambient temperature, or more accurate surface temperature with a red beam.
 Great temperature device.  It works very well and makes it easy to find out how hot things are, such as the TV, to help figure out what is making the room warm.  Also works to determine temperature in the freezer.  I bought it to determine how hot my motorcycle engine and exhaust is.
 When I first received it I ran some test comparing it's readings with another Laser Thermometer I have and trust -all readings were very close.  Since it has worked great.
 I do a lot of car repairs and this is great for checking engine temps or wheels for over heating and of course a/c work batteries seem to last a long time and it's acurate
 Great price, very well made. Easy to operate.  Find where all that heat is entering your house (my air intake in the ceiling was 6° hotter than rest of ceiling so I will wrap it in insulation.)  I took temperature readings with it of a thermometer and it was accurate to 1°.
 MMMM i think it's probably off by 5-8 degrees to be honest which sucks because i use it for making cosmetics which requires accuracy with temperature but its helpful to have around the house.
 As an indoor gardener I need to know the temperature of all different areas of the room.  With this tool I can stand in one spot and measure the temp in any spot in the room.  It is accurate to +/- 1 or 2 degrees.  This is fine for my purposes.  The ease of use, accuracy, and great price makes this an invaluable tool that all indoor gardeners should have in their grow room!
 This is a useful device that I have enjoyed for about a week so far.  I already feel like I got my $12 worth.  I got it primarily to use with my grill, but instead have been using it for: finding cold air leaks in my apartment, checking the temperature of pans before putting food in, playing with my dog with the laser pointer and jokingly checking friend's forehead temperatures.  I have checked the temperature of ice, boiling water, and my walls compared to the thermostat and it is accurate within a degree.
 This Etckcity Lasergrip digital heat reader is the greatest ever. It is so easy to use, just pop in the battery and pull the trigger. It measures fast and accurate in just one click. I didn't have to wait for the reading it was instant. I make soap and lotions and it works great to check the heat in my batches.
 Not accurate. Tried to use for soap making but the temp reading fluctuates between 5 degrees
 I love that I don't have to submerge anything in my soap (and then clean it off) to get accurate measurements.  Temperature reading in soapmaking is an absolute must!
 This thing is awesome.  Just like everything that Etekcity makes, it is simple, inexpensive... and it works!  This is my first experience with an Infrared IR Thermometer but it does everything that I need for it to do.  It is incredibly quick – as soon as you turn it on and point it, the temp is displayed - and it is very accurate.  It is very simple to use and believe it or not… it actually comes with the 9 volt battery that is needed to power it!  You rarely see that these days.
 This seems to give good immediate results, but remember, you can only measure the surface temperature. I have probably saved more than the cost of it in energy by raising the temperature of my freezers a little bit. I expect more will come from measuring the temperature around windows and doors when the cold weather gets here. I think if I were to do it again, I would spend a few dollars more and get one with adjustable emissivity and some other features.
 Initially purchased this to check body temperature under my toe for thyroid purposes, but I've found it to be really useful for smoking on our Traeger and grilling pizzas. It's a great way to check the temperature of our pizza stone before I begin cooking. Great tool.
 Having a hard time trusting this product. If you want to know the the temp of your oven you cannot becuase it reads surface temp only so when you are gunning the inside of the oven its reading the surface temp not the ambient heat inside your oven and that is want you want but cant get that with this product.
 This thing is cool as all get out. Especially for the price. Do I need it for anything ...  Heck No. But it is fun to check stuff out. I have been checking the temp of the water I nuke before pouring it into my cone type coffee maker. I think I will find other uses for it BBQ etc. You can indirectly find the temp of a room, BBQ, etc my reading the temp. of a solid object inside that space. It is just fun, especially for that price.
 I love using this for candle making and soap making. Works so much better then other thermometers.<br/><br/>Thank you for such an amazing product<br/><br/>Arabel’s Naturals<br/>Arabelsnaturals.com
 Works great for everything I've used it for which is everything from checking the temp of my cast iron pan before I throw a rib eye steak in it to checking for a bad wheel bearing on the work van. The wife even "used" it for her ghost hunting adventures, though I can't say whether it was successful in finding a ghost or not.
 This is a very good tool for measuring temperature. I have found several cold spots where I needed to adjust and add attic insulation. My main reason for buying this instrument was to check supply and return glycol temperatures after installing a new boiler for radiant heat. Would recommend this product, good price.
 I use this almost everyday to check my heater to make sure the temperature is more during our winter time seen as Las Vegas and it works perfect.
 I bought this to check for thermal hot sports in test equipment and inside test racks, but I've also found it is very useful for checking the efficiency &amp; uniformity of our HVAC vents. Added bonus: it looks cool when you use it!
 Top notch! Easy to read led, very very accurate! I'll be using it mainly for my wood/coal furnance to make sure temps are within the safe range.
 I mainly use this for when I toe my boat and rv. Whenever I refuel I use it to check the temperature of both the tires and wheel bearings of my truck and trailer to make sure the tire isn’t going to blow or the bearings aren’t starting to go bad.
 I use this to check the temperature in my aquariums, and to check the tap water temp before refilling the tanks during water changes. I also use it to check temps in different areas of my reptile enclosures. It’s so easy and you get your reading immediately. I wish I had bought it sooner.
 Really fun and easy to operate.  I have a old house and I was curious about the temps between rooms etc.  Now I'am just curious about everything.  If you buy this you will know the exact temperature that you like before you bring that cup to your lips.  The temp you like best in any room.  Very well designed and it comes with a battery.  A+
 Inexpensive and it works.  What else could you ask for?<br/><br/>I used it to check the temp on my boat motor and found out I needed to replace my water pump.  Since then I have found all sorts of uses for it.
 I use this with automotive repair and welding. I like the dual Lasers so I can pin-point an area or a spot. I've found it to be very accurate.
 Use this to monitor PC temps of various components. Was able to diagnosis hot spots on some laptops and desktops as well as little things around the house. Great to have.
 Absolutely love it. Great build quality and checked the accuracy against other thermometers. Dead accurate, good looking, and feels good in the hand. I really like this little guy. Seller followed up with quality of product and service. Very pleased.
 Wow, great price accurate for DIY people, expedited finding ceiling air conditioning vents not putting out cool air, the ductwork became loose, saved hundreds in service call, not to mention long waiting times for a service technician to arrive. Great item for a gift for DIY family and Friends.
 Very effective, as accurate as the most expensive hand helds.
 I bought this as an addition to my cooking utensils so as to check the temperature of hot plates, cooking oil, etc., in order to know when they reach optimum cooking temperature to drop the meat, veggies, or whatever. I don't know why I didn't buy one of these sooner. It's well made, does exactly what it's supposed to do, and the merchant shipped it to me when they said they would.
 Great temp taker!! This seems to be of good quality and works easily and wonderfuly!! If it lasts I will repurchase when needed or for gifts or spares!!
 Doesn't work as described
 Purchased for temperature control of our new Camp Chef pizza oven.  Seems to be accurate based on the thermometer on the oven.  I can see multiple uses for this device around our home.  Very simple to operate.  Best results approximately 14 inches from item being tested per instructions.  Solid construction.  9volt batter included!!
 Love the ease of use for quickly checking temps of our snake and rat enclosures, which we do twice a day. Arrived shortly after ordering. Quick and easy to begin using. Not difficult at all to figure out how it works. Routinely matches up to all 3 thermostats we have in our snake enclosure so we know it's correct.
 This is a decently priced tool that really is the right tool for the job. I was needed to measure the temperature of a concrete slab garage floor to check on when I could paint it and this was the easiest and quickest way to do this. There is expected variance in the readings, but it still gives a good indication of what  you are measuring is doing temperature wise. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a similar device with a high degree of accuracy.
 Works great, very simple to use, appears to be extremely accurate. Well made. Looks durable for shop use (or anything around the house)
 It is a cool toy to have around! During the winter it was my meditation helper in front of the chimney!<br/>I have compared its temperature reading with calibrated thermometers and it is accurate!
 Seems to work great. I dont have anything to compare it to or cant tell you how accurate it is from some comparison test, but I use it for cooking on my blackstone griddle and have no complaints.
 I got this because I wanted to be able to check the air vents in our buildings before calling out our maintenance people. I used it a lot over the summer, and it was not as expensive as the fancy one used by the pro's, but it more than seemed to be up to the task.
 Like many people I have begun to explore the many varieties of cuisines that we are exposed to on television and the newspapers. I had pretty much stuck close to recipes where keeping an eye on the food itself is every bit as important as the heat of the burners or the oven. But a few months ago, I began to try my hand at baking. Yeast breads and fruit breads, muffins and cornbread require very specific temperatures and I was not getting it with my oven. After a maintenance man assured me that not only was my oven indeed heating to as much as 40 degrees hotter than what the dial was telling me, he said that unless I was willing to spend a whole lot of money, being able to control the temperature of my oven for baking was going to be a challenge in itself. So I decided to on his recommendation invest in this Etekcity Infrared Thermometer so that I can readily see what kinds of adjustments I need to make on the fly. I take several measurements as I adjust my oven dial temperature until I'm at the specified point. Much like a photographer, I can make notes of the temperature required  and how to set my oven appropriately. Yes, it takes a little discipline to bake,  but it's well worth it and so is the investment I made in this thermometer. It's easy to use and the results are immediate. It's a best seller on Amazon for good reason. I recommend it.
 Great fund for the money. Bought this as I've been trying to new recipes. I fried falafel in a skillet and wanted to maintain 350° . I don't fry ever, had no idea about oil temp. This worked awesome, helped make perfect falafel patties! Great product
 Very simple and easy to use, and great value.  It reads temperatures just as well as the commercial quality ($300) infrared thermometer that I use at work, for such a small fraction of the price.<br/>I use it all over the house for heater, air conditioner, windows and doors, refrigerator, grill, oven, etc.  It came in handy for troubleshooting in my car air conditioner, engine issues, etc.<br/>The only complaint is the laser does not point straight.  It's about 5-10 degrees off from center.  I'm overlooking this flaw due to it's price.<br/>I'd give it 5 stars if the laser was properly pointing straight.  I use it with the laser off.
 Bought for kid's school science project (planned to catch T difference in 2-3 deg). Totally irreproducible and inconsistent results, and being unable to find any systematic over/under measurements just stopped to use it.
 Had low expectations when I bought this but it was so reasonably priced I added it to my cart last minute. I didn't expect it to be as accurate as it is. Great value for that price.
 I don't know if I just got a defective Lasergrip, but mine is not even close to accurate. I am using mine to temper chocolate. When my candy thermometer, which is submerged in the chocolate, reads 90 degrees F, the Lasergrip reads 112 degrees F. I am sending mine back for a refund.
 Worked for about a year on the battery it came with. When the battery died I replaced it with a fresh Duracell and it doesn't work. I tested the battery on other tools and it works fine. Put the old battery back it and it works for a time then dies. Buy another pack of 9v from a different store, still doesn't work. Worked fine but won't take a new battery.
 I use this to measure the temperature in my aquarium during water changes. Insures the water going in is the same temp as the water already in the tank. For the price it does the job and I have no complaints.
 Works great! I use this for my ball pythons terrarium. You just point the laser at what you want to measure and it gives you a very accurate reading. Much more accurate than the ZooMed temperature gauges you put on the glass. And with this, you can tell the appropriate temperature under your reptiles hide or anything like that. Just point the laser in his hide and bam. Awesome product!
 I'm impressed. For the price, this is awesome. It does exactly what you would hope it would do. I've tested it with other temp sensors and it is very close if not right on. I've used it for the oven, grill, hot water tap, A?C and heat vents. Great little tool.
 I bought this to use with BBQing so that I could better keep an eye on the temperature of the grill. And it does a great job at that. However, it mostly acts as a toy for my dog who loves to chase the laser. So potentially you can get a dog toy and something that tells you the temperature, which for the price is an awesome deal.
 Build, material, battery all seem fine. But the accuracy is awful... It changes EXTREMELY based on slight distance moves. It was saying things we're cooked but other thermometers we're saying it was under. I don't have faith in this functional qualities. Not sure how this landed on "best recommended" by Amazon.
 This temperature sensing device was used during energy saving upgrades to my home.  It’s also been useful in checking refrigerator and freezer temps.
 Very handy in the kitchen.  Able to quickly determine the<br/>temp. of frying pan and avoid making a mess.<br/>Haven't tried to check the absolute accuracy, but it is<br/>good enough for cooking purposes.
 I received this as a Christmas gift. I've used it to track down cold air coming into the home, verifying that the furnace was putting out hot air, ensure skillets were rip roaring hot, and finding my kid's favorite bath water temp.<br/><br/>It's got a lot of uses, I'm sure you'll find more with yours.
 At this price point, I don't expect a level of precision suitable for physics experiments.  If you want to know if your AC is blowing cold, then it is a great tool.  After you get one of these, you'll find all kinds of uses for it.  Be sure to carefully read the little booklet that comes with it.  A lot of the accuracy of the device depends on correct usage.
 I originally bought an inexpensive Taylor (5989N) that broke after just a few weeks.  I bought this as a replacement and have been very happy.  It's very accurate and makes my soapmaking easy, since I can take the temp of my lye water and oils quick and easy.  Would definitely recommend to anyone who makes soap or for candy making.  My kids love playing with it and finding where all our drafts in the house are LOL
 works as advertised, checks against the shop standard, which is sent out twice a year, the emissivity adjustment is bonus when you are changing materials, etc.
 Works great!<br/>I can't remember what inspired me to order this but I am happy with it.<br/>I've been checking the temp on everything since I got it.<br/>I've always wanted one anyway.
 It is pretty accurate temperature gauge. I measure temperature of the water for my daughter bath, temperature of the food before I give it to my daughter, bed temperature (temperature should be between 68-72, then baby sleeps longer :-)). We have central air conditioner, which shuts off times to time. The air blows, but it is not cold anymore. The gauge helps to identify when cooling is off. During winter gauge helped find sealing gaps.
 For the price, you can't beat this little tool.  Seems pretty accurate. Very easy to use. Give fast readings as you move it across the room.  I bought it because i suspected there was missing insulation in one of my walls. This confirmed my suspicions. Plus it doubles as a laser beam cat toy.
 Very handy around the house.  I use it to measure the temperature in the basking area of my turtle tank and also to check that my pizza stone is up the proper baking temp. Sometimes I point it at random objects (not people or animals) just because.  I did point it at my foot and I could feel it warming up right away so if you happen to get one don't point it at living objects.
 This has worked great - I use to track the temp st my gym’s indoor pool. My husband uses it to ensure pans and grills are at the right temp. Just point and shoot!
 This item came exactly as described.  It fits nicely in the hand, the buttons work as described, the instructions that are included are clear and easy to understand, and most importantly - the battery is included!<br/><br/>I used this over the weekend to make cold process soap.  It made the process so easy. I love the fact that I can turn the blue LED light on and off.<br/><br/>If I ever need to buy another one, I will re buy this one!
 I was looking for an alternative to the overpriced and cheap looking reptile thermometers and this was perfect! About half the cost and much much more accurate and study and well made. I would recommend this to anyone for any purpose but a reptile enclosure/vivarium temp reader is what I am using it for and reptile owners should know there are much more high quality options out there. Plus this doubles as a laser gun for my cats.
 I love this product.  product is simple to set up and simple to use.  Very well made and feels comfortable and like a quality made product in your hand.  I used it to check the cool air coming out of the vents in my house in all the rooms. You will find all sorts of uses for this product once you get it in your hands. My purchase was a good decision.
 It seems to work well to check temps and we’ve had no malfunctions.  It’s very easy to use.  We use it to monitor a reptile enclosure.
 Oh my god this thing is awesome! I suspect the novelty will wear off, but not before I took the temp of everything i the house from my wall (to double check the thermostat) to the window (check the insulation) to the porch (see how hot it is outside) to my cat (cause why not?).  I've only had this thing for a few hours but I am loving it already. My tea will never be prepared at the wrong temperature again!
 Purchased at the end of December and have only used it a handful of times. It no longer reads temperatures accurately after this short period of time.
 Work's great for all of my needs. Great to check the temps of my grill/smoker when cooking and otherwise just a cool little gadget that I have found many other uses for. Excellent accuracy, have used it to check water temp when making caramels and for those of you have done that before, you know it needs to be accurate to within a degree or it absolutely will not work out. Super strong laser pointer guide that can be turned on and off, as well as a convenient blue led back light that can be turned on or off as well. For the price, how can you beat it? Oh, and it can be a very entertaining distraction for the kids in my family when they visit, so bonus points there too! Takes one 9-volt battery and seems like it won't need to be replaced for a very, very long time.
 I love it have a supplied battery, case easy to open to plug battery together. I started pointing at all different items to the changes in temperatures and it did not disappoint.
 I'm going to be honest.. This was a drunk purchase, but since having it it seems to come in handy quite often. The beeper on my oven (that beeps when it's at the right temp) is broken so this is perfect in the kitchen. Other than that it's pretty much a toy. Did you know that during the winter my interior walls are ~30 degrees warmer than exterior walls? Also in the process I found out that the wall above one heater vent was wayyyy colder then the rest and it turns out there's no actual vent there. There's a cover but underneath is just a hole in the floor. Anyway buy this, it's really convenient to have around.
 Works good except for a lost its calibration a couple of times. It might have to do with the room temperature versus the temperature in my truck where I keep it. Otherwise it works great the price is spectacular
 Definitely great for the price.  Little finicky getting temp reads on small locations but its accurate.  Cant beleive the price of these things now.  The one that this replaced I bought new several yrs ago when they first really started to become main stream on the Snap On truck, but last yr I ran it over.  But $60 I couldnt justify the price for little use these days.  This I could justify and I think it works just as great as my old one.
 I use a similar item at work made by a much more expensive brand.  I can tell you that this item performs equally as well as it's much more expensive competitors.  I found the readings to be accurate, and more importantly, use is point and click easy.  My only complaint would be that the battery cover could use some improvement, but it's a minor issue.  Great product at a great price!
 This is now my go to when I grill and am unsure of the meat being done
 I purchased this to help me determine some issues with some HVAC in my house and needed to know the temps coming out of the vents. This product did the job and as far as I can tell it is accurate. The laser is very helpful in pinpointing what you are getting a temp of. One thing that I did not realize about these types of thermometers is that the area in which it is measuring is like a cone, if you are very close to the object you can get more exact but if you are far away it is measuring a wider area.<br/><br/>Of course, I spent the first 2 days taking temps of everything- the bedroom, the bed, the blankets, the dishes in the sink, my wife's forehead...
 This handy tool allows you to observe the temperature of any surface.  The digital readout is easy to read and is backlighted if desired.  The laser pointer allows the user to aim at the surface of interest.  The price was outstanding for a tool this advanced.
 best cheap infrared thermal gun out there. can you find better, sure....  but when the price goes down on these to like 12$ buy a few and keep em on hand if you have reptiles. thats what we use them for, love them.
 Wow this thing is cool, and hot...lol. it just works....9v battery included....nice touch.<br/>well packaged, and fun to use with your pets ie built in ir laser....so far so good...eh 1st day<br/>over excited but extra ordinary (not sic). We'll see in a couple weeks, but  it has well built rubber<br/>and plastic good grip and easily accessible button layout w/ a nice bright lcd screen,<br/>..... i like it alaught.
 Measures at least 3 degrees too high with no way to calibrate
 Easy to use and seems accurate. Said it came with a battery but they don't tell you it's not actually installed. The directions also don't tell you how to open the battery compartment.  You have to pull on the grips next to the trigger to get there. It also makes a good cat toy. Lol
 I used my new thermometer today for the first time while frying. I compared it with my candy thermometer to check for accuracy. I love it!  From now on when I need to check a surface temperature, I don't have to dirty a cumbersome device that will need to be washed. It's worth the price, and I highly recommend it!
 I purchased this item to measure temperature of my baby’s bath water. Works just as I had hoped. Could not be happier
 I would say this was a great investment.  When we started to have issues with the AC unit it was good to troubleshoot the temp when the Techs would come out and say this or that.  Was told the return temp is suppose to be 20 degrees different from the outflow and this little thing help me troubleshoot the issues in advance of a service call.  Plus is is fun to play with....very good and easy to use and read.  One AC Tech had it in his truck cause he thought it was theirs.......nope it's mine.  Strongly recommend.
 For the price this is an excellent purchase. I used this at home to determine room temperatures on the floors and walls during the winter. My work encompassed asphalt paving periodically and this was great to get the quick shot temperature of the asphalt and the required ground temperature for placing asphalt and concrete. Ground temp needed to be 40 degrees and rising. This was a great gauge to help determine if I should even have crew on site early in March and April. Not sure of the accuracy but give or take 2-3 degrees I am good with it. Quality for price is excellent.
 So far, so good. We use it to make sure our pet snake has the right tempuratures in different parts of the cage. It helped us calibrate the thermostat. It is more accurate from a short distance. The closer, the better.
 I bought this to measure the temp of my handmade lotions, but agtet only a week it has been used around the house for many other things.  We used it to help identify hotspots in our attic that needed additional insulation AND as an added bonus, its a fabulous bonus cat toy.
 I like how easy it is to use.  When we are done it auto turns off so quickly.  Highly recommend this to anyone.
 We had one of these thermometers for 4 or 5 years, but it finally stopped working.  I feel that it is convenient to use and has more than enough accuracy for my needs.  I just purchased 3 more of them.  One will be kept in my truck for checking the truck and 5th wheel tires when we are towing.  Another will be kept in the kitchen for routine usage.  The 3rd will be kept with our grill for when we are cooking outside.
 Bought this as part of a lighting deal, always wanted on, and now I do. I immediately went around the house zapping walls, appliances, and human beings. I was impressed by how quickly the temperature results came back. Can't say how accurate it is, further testing required.<br/>Bought this mainly to have it handy as need arises, also comes in handy to test cool spots on the grill.
 Booo. In theory it sounds so cool. And I was so excited to get this for my mom. The readings just are not accurate at all and its really the antithesis of helpful. Terrible. It gets 1 star because it was really useful in playing cops and robbers the other day.
 Used to temp check walls, wiring, soldering iron, hollandaise sauce. great for everything. Cat loves the laser.
 temperature readings are +/- 2 degrees off. But for the most part its pretty good, its worked great testing heat-sinks and finding thermal leaks. The only issues which is a non-issue is the laser is not perfectly straight, but it lines up with correct distance for gauging.<br/><br/>All in all its been great and the +/-2 has had little to no effect in usefulness. the price means if its lost/broken i can easily replace without any loss.<br/><br/>Will buy again (if i need too), love this tool!
 This is a Great thermometer for use in home applications from food temperature, to if the BBQ is hot enough
 Easy to use. Not sure how accurate it is but it seems to be right. The dual lazers make the correct reading distance easy to determine. The feature to adjust for the material being measured is a plus! The only negative is that the display can get easily scratched. Great product, great price!
 This thing is fun!  Check the temperature on anything in the house! A/C registers, the floor, the dog, the front door. It’s super cool!!
 It works, but you need to make sure that you use it within the optimal distance, the red laser is only calibrated for about a 12 inch distance.
 Perfect for ‘upping’your cooking game... pretty accurate... useful for assessing temperature from surfaces
 Work as expected.<br/>Update: The total time that I use this device is not more than 1 hour if I sum up the time of holding button, and the laser light already dead. Otherwise, the device still works correctly.
 More durable than I expected. It’s pretty accurate, mine is always within a degree or 2. It takes temp on quartz bangers great
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R274AK7Q9GZY15"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1Fb2ym0VcS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71RMuEbpDDS.png"/> Pretty fast read<br/><br/>———<br/>The laser pointers stops working after just 3 months of casual use
 I got this because my father has one and seemed to work well and it seemed cheap enough to buy my own instead of borrow his all the time. You can scan the temperature of ANYTHING, it's pretty cool. I've mostly used this for checking my house for cold air leaks.
 This works nicely and helped to measure water temps from my new water heater output without burning my usual sensor (my hand).  I tend to gather extra data (for learning) so spent alot of time measuring the temperature drops at distances from the faucet flow.  It measures at whatever you point the laser dot on, down to a tenth of a degree.  I'm going to use this to measure temps in different sections of rooms while i experiment with cooling methods this summer.
 This worked well for a couple of months (with occasional use) but by month 7 it was reading 60 at 80 degrees and reading lower every day. Replacing the battery did not have any effect. Disappointed.<br/>Edit-Based on this review the company reached out and offered me a replacement. The replacement is working well and I am happy again.
 Its been months since ive had to replaced the battery on my unit, it serve a single purpose and as long it holds a charge, I am more than  happy with it.
 This is one of the least expensive digital thermometers I could find and it works as it should. Complete with battery and very easy to use.  I can't vouch for accuracy but it does read a glass of ice water at 32 degrees, so I suspect it's pretty close.
 Value for money right here.  Bought this because I needed something quick for my car AC and this was it.  Yes I could have spent less on something simpler, but I have always wanted one of these and it works very well and costs very little.  Very happy.
 I will never go back to a candy thermometer for my soaps again! This is an accurate, easy to use thermometer and works on just about anything in the kitchen. Just point, press the trigger and your temperature reads in seconds. I like that it locks your temperature on the screen instead of disappearing as soon as you release the trigger. Best of all, if your careful there is no cleaning required!
 After 6 months of very little use, the laser became so dim I can't even see it anymore. Cheap laser components. I'd recommend spending a little more a get a higher quality product.<br/><br/>10/2/2016, Update: Etekcity customer service contacted me and sent a replacement unit. Thank you, much appreciated.
 Great gift if you have a guy that LOVES gadgets. I bought 4 for different guys I knew this would be perfect for. I even shared the gift idea with friends at work and they bought several for guys they knew. My husband has been testing it out on the fireplace, plates of food, BBQ, basically anything he can point the laser at.
 Accurate readings and easy to use. The battery part to me a second to understand. Other than that I use it every day for my snake tub
 Great price, awesome materials, and is accurate and fast. I use this daily on my reptile tank and it works perfectly. It is also accurate and have tested it with other temperature gauges. I’ve been using it daily for a few months now and the Batteries are holding up. All around awesome tool to have.
 This device tells you that it's no longer the 90's and it's the present. I point the thing at the floor and I know the speed of vibrations in the floor, I do so to my ice chest and I know the speed there too...it's a great marvel.
 the best! a must for anyone who works with thermometers.  saves you tons of time waiting for a regular thermometer.  great quality.  fits nicely in your hand.
 The kitty loves it.  I'm not sure about the accuracy of the temperature though.  It says my body temp is 90.2.  I guess it's close enough for my purposes.
 Very impressed with this product. Has the look and feel of a device you would expect to be very expensive but its not. Best of all it works exactly as advertised . Would highly recommend this product
 great utility as I've used it in multiple scenarios; bbq, baking, car, home heating/cooling ...  Battery lasts for a considerable length of time, only changed once in at least 3 years.
 No idea if it's  accurate, but it gave me a room temp reading that matched my Nest. Came with a battery and works great straight out of the package.
 Very easy to use, just point any where and get a reading. Bought so I can check tempature of my wood burning stove. Tested this product against other tempature gadgets and it appears to be extremely accurate.
 Very Cool little tool...<br/>This is very handy for all of the things already mentioned by other reviewers, so I won't repeat them.<br/>I've already used it for many things, including finding out just how much heat is coming out of our gas fireplace with the pilot on (been curious all summer), as well as measuring how hot food is coming out of the microwave. Since my wife can't quite figure out how to not heat food up to 'scalding', this has helped me alot! As winter sets in later, I'm sure I'll be checking all the doors and windows for leakage.<br/>I highly recommend this!
 Update:  A replacement thermometer was send without any hassle  and this one is working perfectly so far.  It has the same features and look of more expensive models. If this continues to work as expected, I would highly recommend this product.
 Great product for the price.  I needed a reading on my wood stove but didn't trust the thermostats that sit on the stove itself, they tend to be inaccurate,  The Lasergrip gives me reasonably accurate readings very quickly.  The lit screen allows me to check the heat output even in the dark.
 I needed this tool to test my outboards temp when running on the lake  - i thought is was running hot - this was a life saver!<br/><br/>worked perfectly - the laser is cool
 Etekcity laser grip 774 felt a little cheap from the lightness of the plastic.  The trigger felt sturdy and the display was bright and clear.  Laser pointer dot was very bright. The push button controls were responsive and snapped right back in place.  Thermoter seemed accurate with in 16 inches.  Very happy over all.  Worth the money.
 Works very well. Use it for both liquid (surface temp) and solid material for temp readings. So far it has been very accurate.
 I'm amazed at how much I use this.  It takes the guess work out of cooking.  I can heat tea water up to 180 and get it right EVERY time.<br/><br/>I like cooking fried eggs between 300 and 350 and I use this thing just about every time I cook.<br/><br/>It literally is the art and science of cooking.
 works very well I needed it to check a heating problem on my 99 dodge pickup it works very well for this haven't used it for anything else yet but it will be very handy around the shop and home good product would recommend it to anyone that wants to check heating problems.
 Doesn’t seem to be as accurate as our more expensive units but this is still a great thermometer for the money!
 Very handy tool for A/C temperature Check and culinary uses like tempering chocolate and grill top temps
 Bought for my husband to use at church. He was trying to figure out which registers weren't properly connected to the furnace. Since he's gotten it, he's been like a kid in a candy store. We know how cold our refrigerator and freezer are. We have been checking for drafts around windows and checking to see how warm the fireplace is. You name it, we probably have a temp check completed. Useful gadget and a great price.
 I bought this to check the subfloor temperature over radiant heat before installing a floating wood floor system. It works very well and is helpful at identifying hot and cold spots anywhere. It even gives me readings on the temperature of my woodstove's surface and the smokepipe as it goes to the chimney.
 1 star for now: I was sent with a defective product, will not turn on even after switching to another fresh battery. Battery provided with the unit working fine with my battery tester. Returning product and will update this review
 Inconsistent for cooking whether it be frying oil, cast iron, or grill top. Doesn't measure beer temp accurately in a cooler or the fridge either.
 Works great! I got it after other grill surface thermometers had a variety of bad reviews.<br/>It's fun to use around the house too, both for the novelty and to help understand HVAC system and insulation performance. It's easy to check AC and heat performance, and where your hot and cold spots are around doors, windows, etc.
 This is the perfect accompaniment to our Blackstone grill.  Lets you control the griddle temperature much better.
 This does exactly what I needed to and it was not very expensive. Very well-made and always works :-)
 Used it to compare brake rotor temps on my Mitsubishi) discovered one rotor was getting significantly hotter than the other so it was well worth the $. Love the backlight on the screen. Very useful at night. I find it is very accurate for the price.<br/>You can also use it with or without the laser pointer for conserving battery I imagine.
 You pay for what you get for the most part...I'd say this actually out-performs its price point. I use it for stove top coffee roasting and while a bit tricky to achieve accuracy in my scenario, it does help me keep my temps consistent when they need to be and it helps me determine when I need to change temps. It is pretty easy to use and accurate within the focal point of its "field of vision"<br/>Really great for the price but if you need something that is really precise, spend a little more money.
 while this thermometer seems to be accurate, the resolution of the readings is in whole numbers only, making its use somewhat limited. but what would you expect for the low price.<br/>ergonomical, easy to read and operate, this is well worth purchasing for any number of reasons related to measuring temperature.
 This works well. It should be stated here (and is in the instructions) that the device is calibrated for a specific emissivity of the material that you are pointing the thermometer at. The value is preset at 0.95 and cannot be changed. This means that if you wish to check something which is polished or shiny, that you should (per the manufacturer's recommendation) cover it with masking tape or paint it to raise the emissivity.
 Bought this for my husband. He uses it quite a bit around the house - checking air flow on vents, walls, windows, and sometimes the driveway! LOL.  Seems to be very accurate and is quite durable. I would buy again.
 Inaccurate
 This is a great product! I bought one for my dad who is in assisted living. His food was being being served lukewarm or cold. This has helped him point out to the servers when the food isn't hot enough.
 I bought this laser thermometer to check the temperature of the fluid bag prior to giving my cats sub-Q fluid therapy. It works great. I borrowed a different one from a friend and the temperature reads almost the same - perhaps a 1% difference.  Also, if I test the temperature in the room, without the laser on, it reads the same as my house thermometer so I feel the unit is reasonable accurate to within a degree or so, which is fine for my purposes.  I warm to fluid to a degree or so less than cat's body temperature of 102 degrees and feel a variance of 1 - 2 degrees is acceptable. I definitely recommend this product and like it better than the one I borrowed from my friend!
 Have recently received the Etekcity Lasergrip 774. The product was received without any damage, I installed the enclosed battery. After I familiarized my self with the easy to read and understand instructions I ran through it’s functions and everything worked as advertised.
 The main reason I bought this Infrared Thermometer was on advice from other soap makers. I’ve lost many regular thermometers after dropping them in lye water.<br/><br/>I now store my thermometer in the kitchen because I’ve found so many other uses for it there. I use it to make sure my refrigerator is at 40°, and test food to make sure it’s at the safe minimum cooking temperatures. I also just bought a pink Himalayan salt cooking block and read tonight that it needs to brought up to cooking temperature slowly or it could crack or even explode. They highly recommended an Infrared Thermometer to safely bring the salt block up to temperature. I wish I had one of these when I owned a commercial kitchen.  This is a great tool to avoid cross contamination checking food temperatures.<br/><br/>This would also be a great safety tool for parents to test the temperature of baby’s bath water. Over time I'm sure I'll find several other uses for my thermometer, but it's already one of my favorite purchases.
 now this is a "nifty" item ...  I of course assume it works because I don't have anything to judge it against lol ... but I have been running all over my house checking out everything.<br/>Is well made.
 Very easy to use and very quick to get a reading. I bought it because I always am unsure how hot the cast iron pan is when I'm cooking. It takes so long to warm up I'm never sure if it's reached the max or not. I've burned foods and undercooked foods many times. Now I can just check it instantly and know it's the right temperature.
 It only works on surface temps for meat, but I use it all the time to check how close water is to boiling, etc.
 This is a quality product. Also, the batteries really last a long time for us. We have had it a long time.
 We live off of a well, and the water is dang cold in the winter. this helps us know what goes on. Thanks.
 Never worked beyond the laser pointer.  The temperature read 500 degrees in my house.  I believe either I'm the Ghost Rider that has no issue with intense heat or the product is a piece of junk
 made quality was ok but not too acuate on temperture, walk a few steps closer its different temp.
 Just go this yesterday to measure surface temperatures in my bearded dragon's vivarium and it works great! I compared it with my very accurate temperature probes and it tended to be about 1/2 a degree off in either direction, depending on what I was working with. The difference is that my probes take 3-5 minutes to get a temp, this takes a couple seconds.
 A fantastic deal for the cost.  The only negative is that I have used more expensive units at work that have a circle of laser dots that spread out on your target as you back away to give you an idea of how large the measured target is.  This unit has one dot.  Also, temp. readings take a second to appear as you change objects.  I don't think it would bother me at all if I hadn't used one that was instant.  Otherwise this unit works perfectly.  I plan on using it to find engine cylinder missfires.
 This thing is very cool tool.  I use it for checking the temperature of my tea and griddle when I am cooking.  It is really nice for checking you flat top stove to see if it is still hot as well.  The lights on our stove are not that accurate to how hot it is all the time.
 Very accurate and a fantastic price. I checked the accuracy with thermometers, especially in liquids, and it's spot on. It's fun and simple to use and I walked around the first few days checking the temperature on everything.
 Accuracy tracks beautifully with my other optical pyrometers.  Also it has a nice feature set and value price.  Definitely a great buy and handy to use for everything from outdoor grilling to finding out why your AC or heating bills are going out the door.
 I'm having so much fun measuring the temps in my house with my new duo-pane windows. It's really helped me find hot/cool spots in my house and yard. Not sure it's accurate to the fractional degree, but the instructions say you can improve that by measuring from around 14" away from the surface you're interested in.
 Does the trick and easy to use. I bought  it for the pool to check the temperature and it works. Having a trilevel there's areas that are cooler and some that are warmer . I am able to pointed at the wall to find the temperature in the room and it matches the thermometer .
 Used it to look for thermal leaks around doors/windows, but you have to be close to them. Looked at oven dial settings. Also use it to check tread temperatures on car. Works like an over/under inflated indicator. Not as good as a real pyrometer for tires but does ballpark it.
 Love this little gadget I use it everyday to check my baby duck's nest temperature, and both the ducks and I are very happy with the results
 It just works! feels well made and has good enough accuracy for most applications.
 This is a great IR thermometer, accurate and consistent. The dual laser helps show the area being measured, which for drafts and cold spots is great. Was able to find a cold spot that was dragging the neighboring area down. Solved that and it helps the whole area.
 I purchased this item to attempt to determine temperature ranges in my home. I wanted to basically determine where the cold air was leaching into my child's room. Aside from having an expensive energy audit and/or buying thermal vision goggles, this seemed a decent alternative. It did the job-- but I still have gaps in the home someplace.
 This infrared thermometer simply and easily gives me the temperature and the laser sight lets me know the place where the temperature is being taken.  For the price, you can't beat it!  I have not tried calibrating it, so I can't say anything about its accuracy other than the temperatures it reads seem to be correct.  I mostly use it to check the temperature of the air from heating system and the temperature of pipes in freezing weather.
 This is great it helps me with control temps for my snake and well worth the price.
 This thing is great. Ot has a pretty far range and is very accurate and precise. I was able to get a reading of 190 degrees on my cars cooling lines which told me that both my vehicle and the temperature sensor were good.
 At the price point, I wasn't expecting great results.  Pleasantly surprised by product's performance
 I've seen the professional quality Infrared Thermometer my home inspector used, so when I placed this order, wasn't expecting much.  I was pleasantly surprised when I received this yesterday.  Soft grip handle is very easy to hold, feels solid and looks decent.  The temperature reading is pretty accurate for use in and around the home.  Used it to find draft in a door to the backyard and fixed it!  Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.
 I continue to find uses for this Infrared Thermometer.  It has held up well, not needed a battery change so far and kept within easy reach to check everything from HVAC vents to steaks on the grill
 Does exactly what it says it does. LCD screen is easy to read, laser pointer is bright, buttons are easy to use. I don't have a very good way to check if the temperature is accurate, but everything I've tested is the temperature I'd expect it to be.<br/><br/>A simple device that appears to work exactly as advertised. I'm happy.
 I picked this up for about 11 dollars and can't find any fault with it.  It seems to work well and as intended.  It's plastic, but seems solid enough and the grip has a nice feel to it.  The display is bright and very readable. Temperature readings are responsive and seem accurate as compared. Hopefully, it will prove durable.  I would buy again.
 The temp appears to be a few degrees off, which isn't a big deal for most applications. Also the laser is pointed about a foot off at 6 foot range, also not a big deal for most applications but it would be nice to be able to adjust the laser somehow. I used this to do an AC repair and the super heat/subcooling values were slightly off due to the temp disparity but got me close enough.
 Works well! Better than our last one that the laser was loose in and stopped working after only a year.
 How have I cooked without this device?  It's wonderful being able to read the temperature of boiling water, the temperature of frying pans before adding oil, etc.  I can use full power on my electric stove to warm up frying pans and not worry about overheating;  simply turn the heat to normal when the temperature reaches 80-90%.
 Eggs cook good a 250, Pancakes cook at 350  This really helps when cooking
 I like this product I bought. Very handy and as accurate in comparison with the other expensive brands
 My husband ordered this when he couldn't find our old-style thermometer.  I don't know that we needed this, but we are having fun testing the temp of things!
 I'm not sure how accurate this is, it seems to fluctuate a lot when I have it pointed at the same place.  It is in the general neighborhood though so it's ok.
 Earlier I reported it arrived with a dead battery.  The recipient of this gift told me that fussing with it, he found the battery had aa plastic cap which needed to be removed.  Battery is fine.  He is happy.
 WOW! for the money this is pretty darn accurate.v I use it for checking for cold spots in the house and it works very well. It appears to be pretty repeatable within a few tenths of a degree and is well built.. Even comes with a battery !
 I use it all day and play with it. Today I'm using it to check the temperature of my garage ceiling. I put in panels and the difference is 25+ degrees.
 It would not read clear liquid. Laser went right through the liquid and read the temperature of the bottom of the pans  WAY off temp.
 I purchase this for household use. I have used it to as I installed a AC system. I am able to find where my house is not well insulated, and air stratifications impacting the thermostat on the ac.Very easy to use. Useful. Inexpensive. I am pleased.
 I just love this gadget.  Works great as a digital thermometer for testing various temps of various things but as other have said works exceptionally well at entertaining my cats.
 I use this to make sure my stovetop grill is the right temperature for cooking. Works great. When it’s 375 the pancakes hit the grill. No more under or over cooked pancakes. Yay!
 Purchased for checking temperatures in my personal fish tanks and the reptile enclosures at my place of work. Easy to use, love them!
 I love it.  This is now one of my favorite tools in the kitchen :-)  Before pan-fry or searing my food - i used it to check the temperature of the pots/pans.  It also works well to see if my room temperature is what I wanted it.  Great function with a reasonable price.  One problem however - I ordered  three with my purchase, but the screen on one cracked.  It didn't affect the function, but the display screen cracked.
 This product has so many applications from diagnosing leaks in window and door installations to checking your refrigerator and freezer tempertures.  It can be used for checking cooking temperatures on the stove, oven or barbeque or locating over temperature integrated circuits on a PCB assembly.  The temperature readings are very fast, less than 1 second.  They are accurate to 2 degrees with a resoluton of 0.1 degree.
 This is a great gadget for the price! I mostly use it to tell when the griddle is the perfect temp for pancakes, but it's also nice to be able to instantly check the temp in different rooms by pointing at the wall. Come Winter I'll certainly use it to look for leaks around windows and doors. Recommended!<br/>2018 Update: Still working great after three years of weekly pancake cooking!
 Lazer pointer quit working already
 Did not get.
 Love this gadget, easy to use and has come in handy more times than expected.  I used it alongside my inspector's much more expensive laser theremometer and the biggest variation seen was only .3 degrees - we checked A/C, water, oven, heater, etc.  I was nervous that this might be a cheap product since it was pretty insexpensive but I'm very happy with its performance so far.
 Use this to check ceiling heating panels. Very accurate when cross checked with other devices.
 First temp gun I have owned, but seems to work ok.  Good gun for the money
 I got this as a gift for my dad and he told me this is one of the top 3 gifts I gave him among all that other expensive stuff. Lol.<br/><br/>1. SquattyPotty<br/>2. Dyson V8 Absolute<br/>3. This product. Lol.
 And accurate too. When compared to other temp gauges in the house. A real bargain.
 This thing is so useful.  Want to see the cooking temp of my pan?  Done.  Check my tea temp?  Done.  Want to see that it hits 130 degrees F in my car?  Done.  My chihuahua?  99 degrees on her belly, 80 on her fur.
 Unit was dead on arrival, Amazon replaced and second unit worked.  These are cheap, but are okay if you don't get a dud.
 Came on time and works great! We have two bearded dragons and have tried various thermometers, none as accurate as this one. We have been doing a lot of research into what the best and most accurate way to check the temps for the vivariums. This is the one that is recommended the most on most websites. So we went ahead and got this temp gun. It does an amazing job and we would recommend this product!
 High quality, this thing is fun to use and has a million applications for measuring Temps on things that are super hot or far away.  Use it to measure Temps on grill burners 30ft ceiling recessed lighting fixtures to see heat loss areas.  Awesome gadget
 Very lightweight but not cheap feeling , seems to work great and turn itself off when not in use for a about 30 secs, didn’t time it exactly but it does turn off real quick. And battery included.
 This is the handiest item ever!  Period.  Find spots where insulation is lacking, find the temp of a pool, or a wheel hub, or the oven or the fridge - in a split second.  There's no limit to the things it can investigate!
 Works fantastically!  We use it for a myriad of things: soap making, checking the temperature of beer mash, checking seedling temps and many other things, just because we're curious and it's SO FUN to use.  Cannot believe I've not bought one before.
 Glad I ordered , works great, come with battery , prefect for auto and around home , you can run it with the laser on or off, F &amp; C temp readings , auto off.
 Solid product. Although it isn't perfectly accurate (it's within a couple of degrees, as they all are) it gets the job done.
 I saw our local health department inspector using one of these and knew I had to have one!  At the low price, there was no reason not to.  I have no idea how it works, but it sure works well!  I've compared its readings with other measuring devices and it seems to be "spot on".  Now that I have it sitting on the kitchen counter, I find all kinds of uses for it.  I love it!
 This is a nice temperature sensor. With the laser pointer it is easy to know where the temperature is being taken. I have used for for several thing including melting chocolate to checking the temps on my 3D printer.
 Been using probe thermometers for checking food temps for over 10 years, and finally took the plunge on this. It makes checking food temp so easy on the grill or the oven as you don't have to move out of the cooking area to check it, and you can stay back from the heat. Excellent price, would highly recommend.
 Needed it to repair my house air conditioning to determine correct Freon charge. Works great!
 I think everyone should have one of these. You can use it on anything, and best thing is that you dont have to be near it to measure it's temperature.
 Looks great, works good.  What's not to like.  Wish I knew how to check its accuracy????
 One of the first Lazer products I have purchased where "Lazer" was spelt correctly. The Lazer is very powerful and has made many scared and in awe. I would buy any Lazer product from this seller, specifically a "Death Lazer" although that was not an option.
 Pretty tough after dropping it about 10 times on cement floors (it did crack the screen but still works ok which is all that matters).  It always works and is tough - plus a great price delivered quickly by Amazon.  Bought for RC car motor temp monitoring.
 Quite accurate, unfortunately since getting it I've returned 3 induction hotplates because they don't hold temperature as advertized. Probably could have figured it out with out the thermometer, since the smoked oil when set at under 200° s F. Both Nuwaves, purchased elsewhere went over 400°, and Max Burton did 300°, returned to Amazon. Have another Duxtop coming that worked properly for a year, this time with a warranty.<br/><br/>Measured temperatures compared favorably with our air conditioner tech, his cast $300.
 I was actually excited to use this but the thermometer would not give a stable reading when pointed at the object.<br/><br/>I bought this to use for soap making which requires a level of accuracy in terms of temperature readings!<br/><br/>Quite disappointed, especially as so many good things have been said about this tool and i was also looking forward to using it.
 Perfect to get some readings on electronics and for general use, and its so easy to use that it is a fun toy for people like me. Also awesome for cooking.
 I buy them at work and the only thing that makes them stop working is a dead battery or a 80 foot drop. Just got one @ home for checking the reptile 's heating and its way better than putting a bunch of ugly thermometers into the terrarium.
 Powerful litte laser at a great price. I can shoot this across a 5 acre yard and get the temp of the tree tops. I see this for candlemaking, soap making, and making saltwater for my fishtank. Great item and we'll worth the price. I should have bought this a long time ago!
 This thing reads as good as the fluke i have and the milwaukee. But i had to put a zip tie in the battery conpartment day 1 because it kept falling off.
 I use this for testing the temp for wax for candle making...love it
 I wanted to trace out the heat patterns on my smoker. It did a good job showing me the hot spots on my smoker. Its not a thermal imager so don't expect pin point accuracy. It served the purpose I bought it for perfectly !!
 Very easy to use and was able to spot "hotspots" around my house while working on my air conditioning. I've also used it to check the temperature of several freezers to make sure they're at the right setting. You can't beat the price of the product either.
 Still reliable, hot or cold reading is very close when tested to known reference.<br/>What's not to like!<br/>Would buy again.<br/>took out star just because if compare to expensive meters it shows its price, but no problem after 3 years.
 Great tool. Easy to monitor heat loss, adjust hot water settings, hot surfaces, etc.
 Seems accurate.  One needs to remember, that it's infrared, and not laser, so the farther away from an item you are, the wider an area you are examining.  There is some averaging on wider areas.  This applies to all of the temperature sensors.  Get as close as you can to get an accurate reading.  The laser just points at the center of the area being measured.
 This thing works awesome, very accurate! I was surprised with the quality and durability. Very handy little product!
 Works perfectly. Use it all the time for a variety of measurements. Wish I had purchased it along time ago.
 Easy to hold so the can be used to drive your cats crazy trying to catch the ‘red dot’. Also comes in handy checking ac/heat output from your furnace vents
 Used this to check our oven as it didn't seem to be getting as hot as it indicated. Sure enough the thermometer said our oven was cooler than it should be. When the repairman came out, the measurement that this thermometer registered was almost the same as the really expensive thermometer the repair guy brought with him.
 I used one of these @ my job, Different Brand, That Sucker was said to have cost &gt; $ 250.00. This one is just as good for a lot less $$
 My office used to get unbearably hot in the afternoons, yet the maintenance plant would claim it was a comfortable 71 degrees. This has helped me prove that it was far, far warmer than that and to get the thermostats adjusted accordingly.
 So glad I got this.<br/>Works like a charm.<br/>My other brand was glitchy and fustrating.<br/>Now I get fast readout.
 A true bargain, and easy to use.<br/>(Note: If you keep on near salt and moisture -e.g., in your pool supply closet - be sure to store it in a plastic bag.)
 Good for large surfaces but very inaccurate with small objects, it will average the temperature with the background.
 Bought this for our son for Christmas.  He loves it.  Uses it all the time.
 Pretty cool for the price. Don't know how accurate is, but it definitely will identify hot spots and is at least consistent.
 Did not work.  Returned.
 Well constructed, comfortable in the hand, and works well. Seems accurate. Will find this quite useful.
 I purchased this for my boyfriend for Christmas. He was happy with the quality of the thermometer.
 Works great
 It takes a while to pick up the temperature and stalls twitching numbers till it figures it out. I have to reset it a couple times to get it under control.
 Nice soft touch on the outside and reads really fast. Fits in a pocket somewhat.
 Easy to use and perfect for checking the temp in my ball pythons hideaways!
 It works great for checking the temperature of foods.  However, I had a hard time opening it up to install the battery.  They don't tell you how to open the battery case.  Once I got it figured out, it was easy.
 I use this for monitoring the temperature in my pet ball python enclosures and it’s great for seeing what different parts of the enclosure are/what their body temp is especially as winter is coming!
 Worked perfectly right out of the box.  I learned immediately that my oven runs hot.  Thanks!
 This seems to be a very accurate laser thermometer. I tested to 2 other temp measuring devices and it is within 1-2 degrees of them.<br/>Good buy for the money.
 This works just as good as those high priced famous named test units at $80 less.
 I love this thing. I had no idea how much I would use it. Very handy tool. Very happy with the quality.
 Perfect for monitoring at a distance. Even over the 1 meter instructions it pulls an accurate temp. Check the BBQ while sitting in your chair!
 Very easy to use, but I'm not convinced of its accuracy.
 I bought this to read the temperature on all of my fish tanks it's awesome
 Not a replacement for a high end temperature probe but works well enough for general purpose remote temp sensing not requiring high accuracy. Works well for the money.
 Awesome, works as advertised.  Point, shoot, and it tells you the temperature.  You can use it to find air leaks in your house, temp of your HVAC, get the right temp for pancakes, check your grill.  The list of uses is endless.  My wife even admitted this is cool!
 This unit does everything units selling for 4 or 5 times the price do... and works really well.  Just remember that it records "surface" temperatures ... stir a pot before using !  You will also find hot &amp; cooler spots on say a broiling steak ... so take several readings .. it is NOT making mistakes ... just telling you the surprising truth !  Very happy with this item and will give it as a gift...
 I bought this to monitor the temp in my reptile tanks  but it wont hone in on a temp, keeps jumping rapidly even when kept at the same spot for a few moments.
 It will be hard.<br/>I've spent more time playing with the dang thing than actually using it for cooking.  Heh.  The cats like it too.
 Not very accurate, but a good estimate. Easy battery replacement. Easy controls. Comfortable grip. Excellent value. Would recommend. Complete sentences hard.
 TBH, as much as I bought this as a household tool, it is also my newest toy for around the house. The grip on this model is very nice, and it is super easy to use. I wouldn't want to BBQ or deep fry without it.
 This product is surprisingly good for its price.  Will definitely recommend.
 Digital laser  gage works well . Product was delivered on time at a fair price.
 Nice little thing to have, never know when might need to check the temp coming out of vents from ac, temp in refrigerator or freezer, things like that.
 Works great at temperature control and accuracy<br/>I heat acids to 250f and easy to use
 Did a few measurements within my home. The temps tested were within range.Maybe off by two or three degrees, but that was up against a thermostat reading, so its to be expected. I like the fact that its easy for me to use and hold. I am quite impressed with the quality of the materials. Nice weight to it too.
 Super handy around the house especially for cooking and checking temps on my cast iron cookware and grill and smoker etc.
 Look, the first thing asked here is battery life (how would I know that?) and durability (um, how would I know that?)<br/><br/>What I do know is this is a great kitchen buy for $15!  Knowing precisely how hot something is -- wow!  I assumed this item would be $100. It was not and I love it!
 I really like this laser thermometer. It is easy to use. Battery lasts well. Seems very accurate. And allows me to measure pots of boiling resin without getting too close!
 Useful for measuring temperature in all sorts of situations. Should have bought this first.
 The temperature often reads the same no matter what you point the laser at. I can point it at my freezing pool and get the same temperature when I point it at the hot concrete around the pool. Would not purchase again.
 Battery life last great havent had it die yet.  Also we used it when we were looking to see what area's in our house were losing heat this past winter.  It helped us get started on redoing our house.  I also bought this as a gift for my father who has recently bought a cabin. If you live in a state that gets cold winter I 100% say everyone needs this item.
 The temperature reading are way off. By 20 to 30 or more...
 Inconsistant readings. I use it to check the temperature of my outboard motor cylinder heads and it does the job. If you're looking for something super accurate I would keep shopping.
 was defective
 Item easy to use and response time is quick.  For the cost a very good value.
 This laser temp gauge really blew me out of the water!! For such a low price I really wasn't sure what I was getting, but this product works extremely well and is very accurate compared to the $70+ models out there. I highly recommend this company and their products.
 This is the handiest thing I've ever had.  I used it for everything to check my deep freeze temperature, food being microwaved, furnace vents in the house, fish pond water temperature, you name it!  I think it's plenty accurate and I don't really notice any significant errors.
 Happy with purchase.  Appears to give accurate readings. Use for my soap and candle making.  Easy to use. Would order again.
 Works very well. A good tool to have. It's comfortable in your hand.
 Great for making cheese that needs precise temperatures, while it says not to use on skin. If you do try to read the temperature of your hand it will come very close 98.6, so for me that is accurate enough.
 Works well.  Very handy for taking surface temperature readings.  I don't have any thoughts on the accuracy, but it seems close enough for what I'm doing.  I imagine if you need highly accurate readings, you are using a different tool anyway.  Excellent value for the money.
 For the price this is a great device. It's more than accurate for use around the home. For some that criticize it because it's accuracy is within a degree or two, why? If you need a highly accurate device, why are you even looking at this? I think for most of us normal folks, this is a really great buy!
 I work for a company that manufacturers camping stoves. This comes in quite handy for troubleshooting manufacturing processes and tests.
 I have always wanted a infrared thermogun, just never pulled the trigger.  This is simple, and easy to use.  light weight, only down fall I can think of...I would add a lanard to it, but that does not add or take away from its quality of use.
 A quality sensor. Dual laser facilitates shooting the temperature from the optimal distance for the infrared sensor.
 I was impressed with the Etekcity 774 Non-Contact digital thermometer... I watched an A.C. repair person use a similar device to test how well our Air Conditioner was working... He just pointed it at the vent and said..Your system in not cooling properly.  Before leaving... he used this type of tool to show me how much cooler the vent grates were when the system is working properly.  For well under 20 bucks this product gives you a laser pointer, built-in to aim the product and an included 9 volt battery.  I used this device to compare the temperature of the surface of incandescent and LED bulbs in our home.  In a 78 degree room with the air conditioning running I turned on both LED and conventional BR40 ceiling "can" fixture lights ran the lights for 30 minutes, then turned off the lights and immediatly took readings with this tool.  The conventional incandescent bulb ran 133 to 135 degrees and the LED ran 80 to 83 degrees.  My results were consistent between multiples tests.  This tool is not suitable for taking the temperature of a sleeping child, but for non-healthcare household uses it does the job well.
 I've owned this since September and just recently reading the correct temperature. It's about 100° farenhight plus or minus 5 to 10 degrees and now it's too late to return it.
 Worked great for a couple months, but quit; no damage, not abused.  Tried new battery.<br/>Nothing lights up or comes on.<br/><br/>EDIT: Customer Service contacted me promptly and sent a new one.  It works perfectly.<br/>Thank you !
 Not accurate for tempering chocolate or candy.
 Should start off by saying I'm not sure if this is just a defective one, because of all of the other positive reviews, but mine read room-temperature furniture at near 100°F. Went outside, it's close to 32, but it was reading 55-60. Same problem in freezer (pic related) read ~20-30 degrees too high. I'm assuming it's a great product and I just got a lemon, so I'll give it 2 stars (cool laser and grip)
 So far so good. I use it all the time and it still works great
 I have found this useful for a variety of purposes so now I have two. One by the wood stove and one in the garage.
 I think it needs to be more apparent that this is a dual laser system, I bought it so I could check actual temps on my 3d printer nozzle which is kind of hard with 2 beams
 Use all the time. I have had it for 6 months no issues
 This unit is nicely built but reads about two degrees high.  Using in hvac, so accuracy would be nice.  It's too bad there isn't a way to calibrate.  I just put a label on it, but have to admit that's a nuisance.
 One of my favorite toys. I bough for my wife to use while cooking. She was meant to use on the grill and fry pan when deep frying... but she almost never uses it. I use it instead all the time. On my car to fix AC, The grill, check different room temperature, point at the wife and tell her how hot she is, etc. Must have tool for any house.
 Impulse prime day purchase. Its fun to walk around and check the temps on various things. I was using it to find how cold our AC was blowing in certain rooms.
 Simple to use and does the job it's intended to do. What more could you ask for.
 Just seems a bit inaccurate especially at different distances and w liquid
 I picked this up on an Amazon Lightning Deal.  Seems to be well made and operates as advertised.  The handle has a rubberized easy-grip coating.  The LCD screen is bright and easy to read.  Decent value for the money.
 So simple to use, great product, I'm sure will give me years trouble free service
 I absolutely love this thing! I can't count how many times I have used this temp gun to dial in surface temperatures in my snake enclosure. It is really easy to use just "point and shoot". I have verified the temperature readings I have received using other probes and will say that so far it has been accurate to about a 1/10th of a degree. I am very pleased with my purchase and I feel that I got a lot of bang for my buck!
 We use this a lot. It is so nice to be able to take the temp of something. It works well on all surfaces.
 Great IR thermometer. Within a few degrees Fahrenheit of my professional grade IR gun I use for work. Awesome for keeping an eye on those cast iron skillets for searing steaks.
 This is probably accurate, and has realm work uses for techs who ensure even temperature flow... But it's fun! At over 20 ft you can check the temperature of any surface.  Is there a draft cooling that second floor window? Is the seat of the neighbor's car going to scorch him when he gets in?
 Not too bad. Wish it had more features and a hold Temp button.
 Put the device straight to work, checking temperature for powder coating... worked 1st and 2nd time (about 5 minutes apart) then laser light simply quit working.  Checked and changed battery, still doesn't work.  Would like refund or replacement
 Works as expected, bought it for soap making! Thanks so much
 This is a great little tool to use when you quickly want to check temperatures. It's easy to set up and run. The menu items are easy to follow. It's lightweight and just works. I haven't had any problems and it's helped me find where I have drafts in my house and even helped me discover a lack of insulation in my attic. Well worth it.
 This is awesome! I use the thermometer to temper chocolate. Very easy to use for this purpose and the least messiest way too.
 Great for ghost hunting! The battery life is great and works well and accurate!
 Although this model is not precisely accurate, I give it 5 stars anyway because it's a great value, is reasonably accurate and is made well. It also has a rubberized feel to it which feels great in the hand. The display is a blue backlit LCD which is sharp and looks great. I like it.
 Great purchase !!  I checked the refrigerator and freezer temperatures, the wood burning fireplace insert so I could adjust airflow for maximum heat.  I also use it to check the HVAC vent temperature.  The kids like it too for fun and science.. testing boiling water is 212F / 100C.
 Excellent cheap thermometer. The battery compartment doesn't seem to want to snap closed very neatly, it just seems to stay closed with some friction, but that's not a big deal.<br/><br/>Accuracy wise, it's good enough. Within a few degrees, at least. I'm mainly using it for cooking (food) and checking heatsink temperatures on my Ardruino shields to prevent cooking them.
 Bought this laser thermometer to read the temperature of chocolate. However, have used it several times to check the temps of food on a buffet and to test the temperature of my refrigerators. It's easy to use, easy to read and tough as I dropped it once resulting in no damage.
 Laser quit working first time I used it. Junk.
 Bought this mostly for checking my smoker for temperature and it seems to do that just fine
 This device is easy to use, accurate and the display is clear.  Glad I bought it!
 Using in 75 gallon bearded dragon tank. Long life so far. Bought months ago still doing great. Easy to use.
 This tiny little bugger is perfectly fit to my hand, and was well worth the purchase. This seller was very quick to ship it was here 2 days after I purchased it. I would recommend this little Thermometer to anyone!
 Great item. Exactly what I wanted.
 The batter area doesn’t stay closed easily but that isn’t too bad. It works really good.
 I bought this because my fridge was on the fritz. It worked really well and helped us figure out the fridge needed some work. It also works well on AC vents. Lets us know right away if the vents are blowing warm air
 Works pretty great getting the temperature of the pool,  Have to use it in a shaded spot....sun seems to throw off the thing.  But that doesn't surprise me.
 This is a nice inexpensive product that works well.  It seems to be rather accurate and it displays the temperature instantly.  We have used it to test for leaks in our vents and around our windows and walls.  We have also used it to test the temperature of the surface of a grill.  It seems it would have endless applications including just temperature checking fun! I am pretty sure we have tested the temperature of just about everything in the house.
 Inexpensive and is a great bargain! This has worked very well!
 Got this during a cold snap (-42 wind chill) to find leaks around the house. Works very well and found places that I will be shoring up the insulation in the spring.
 Love with it so far- using to check the temp on my chill water for my hobby laser in and out. So I can laser my laser while I laser. Bit of a learning curve when it comes to optimal measure distance and angle but comes with a good instruction. You’ll be running around checking the temp on your beer and your cat and your tv and your couch in no time.
 I bought this to take with me to check the temps of my wheel/tires on my travel trailer. I have since been using it everywhere around the house. I understand it's not exactly accurate, but what consumer product is these days. Easy to use and well built for the price.
 This thermometer is so versatile and easy to use. We bought it to check the temperature of our RV tires, and have ended up using it for cooking and many other things.
 It works well and my students like to use it to see the temperatures of different objects.
 I was originally looking for an oven thermometer and came across Etecity infrared thermometer and the price was just $8 more then the one purpose oven thermometer, what an awesome deal and does so much more. Measure temperatures around the house to check for leaks, check engine temperatures, check oven temps etc etc.
 I use this product for soap making and it works great and the battery lasts a long time.
 I've been really happy with this thing, enough so that I ordered one for my BIL who has a new gas-range and needs to get used to the temperature settings.  Works instantaneously as promised, batteries hold a charge and the screen is easy to read.  For the ~$12 it cost me, I couldn't really ask for more.
 This is a must if you have a Heat Press.  I use this daily and it has been such a great tool to adjust the heat press settings to the correct temperature.  I use this every day and can't believe I didn't purchase earlier.
 Love this thing... Bought it for a lizard but use it on everything... I've checked the stove, cooked food, animals, water... It's so versitile 😁
 Works great, was a little disappointed in the lower detection limit but I just didn't read the listing, so it's my fault.  Stellar device for anything over room temperature though.
 This little gun works well, I shamefully use it to annoy my dog... It is reasonably accurate and I will be using ir primarily on the grill.<br/>  Thank you very much
 Does the job! Thanks for sending to the USVirgin Islands.
 Works great accuracy good to excellent
 does not give accurate temp for cooking
 Quick and simple tool to use. Works great for finding the cold air leaks in the house. Also use it on our food. So far very happy.
 This is the most I've ever used. We use it on our meat in our pellet grill and it is very accurate.
 Got this to check on oven roasted meats, worked wonders, i purchased it to make caramel but have not used it for this yet.
 Had to return could never get it to work correctly.
 Fun to use to check for leaks. Not sure how long it will last but tons of fun and a great value. I shopped extensively before buying this one.
 This is such a handy little gadget to have in the kitchen. We use it often
 I purchased a second unit. I use one in the kitchen, and it works great. Saves me burning my mouth on pizza fresh out of the oven. I have also checked air vent temps, and many other things.<br/><br/>The second unit goes in my race kit. I autocross my daily driver, and the front brakes overheat. At Hallet Raceway, I found the front brake rotors at over 600F. I just want to keep up with tire temps and rotor temps.
 Works as described. Easy to use. It has helped me easily identify any drafts around windows or doors so I can seal them properly.
 I love this thing for soap making. It does make it a tad bit difficult when trying to measure things in pyrex glasses cause they're clear, but other than that, it's pretty accurate. I point it at all sorts of objects cause it's so much fun to just point and get a reading.
 This is a great infrared thermometer.  It's simple to use, light weight, rugged, works great, and comes with a battery too.  I would definitely recommend it to others.
 works good for checking heat on our heater for screen printing.
 Works awesome, especially for the price.  Seems very accurate and does not eat a lot of batteries.  Could not be easier to use.  Pull the trigger and direct the laser to what you want to measure and it returns a temp reading.  Adjustable to Fahrenheit and Centigrade and includes back light, memory saving and recall functionality.
 This thermometer works very well for it's price. In the manual it states that it has a temperature accuracy of +/- 2 degrees. This seems to be fairly accurate. It's also extremely fast at detecting the temperature. It's fun to just play around with or use for actual work. It's quite useful for finding cold spots around windows and such.
 Works beautifully. Will recommend. Accurate readings.
 i bought it especially for measuring temperature for liquids (for coffee making). unfortunately this product is very inaccurate and inconsistent in measuring liquids temperature. each measure gives a different answer (of by more than 10C), and the result is much lower than the actual temperature. i ended up buying a simple thermometer for that purpose.
 Found this thermometer to be more inaccurate than the advertised +/- 2% or +/- 2C. Readings would also vary considerably on the same surface from minute to minute without other changes. Returned as this made it unusable for its intended purposes.
 I love it! Bought it for my melt n pour soaps and its wonderful and easy to use....
 Works as:<br/>A tool to check the temperature of something. (food, water, room, tires, machinery, electronics)<br/>A backup laser pointer for a presentation.<br/>A cat toy.
 I know it shouldn't be a big deal, but the included battery was dead...or maybe the item doesn't work. Didn't have a new 9v battery hanging around to try. Bottom line, if you're going to include a battery, it should have power ):
 Product as described.  Shipped quickly, no problems.
 Just checked this unit on a known temperature and it was within .5 deg. I've bought these before for 5 times what this one cost. As always with non-contact thermos...the darker the object, the better the reading. All-in-all this is a good buy.
 We have used this for measuring water temp for cooking and for our bath! Could even be used to check a bath temp for baby. Most recently my husband used this to warm sake to the perfect temperature before serving! Yum!
 This product was purchased for my brother, who is very happy with it, despite the fact that it is not a top end version of this tool.  It works very well, the batteries seem to be lasting.  It is a good buy for the low price.
 This works well for checking trailer tire temps.
 I have owned two other similar items, but this brand DOES NOT WORK WELL.
 Super easy to use and works great, just need batteries and youre good! would recommend
 It works amazing very precise! Bright laser easy to use
 I never knew how much i wanted to know the temperature of obscure objects... but now I do and I love it!
 Works great.  So easy to use and very convenient!
 The product works very well. I tested it with boiling and ice water for accuracy. It was good for a inexpensive instrument.
 Everything good but have to contine to hold HOLD button to take reading.<br/> A simple click and measure would have been good.
 PERFECT for the price. Really, it's worth getting. I've seen the EXACT same one sold for darn near 60 bucks elsewhere, which is ridiculous.
 easy to use and extremely accurate
 I have come to depend on this for several dishes I make, including pickles.
 Very quick and works in very different materials, good one.
 Helps me in my fight with building maintenance.  I can only state from a novice, that it’s easy to use and seems accurate.
 This is a neat tool for gauguing temperture and it comes at a great price. I needed to test the surface temperature of my ceiling before and after insulation and it performed very well. It is simple to use and the laser guide makes it more user friendly. It feels pretty sturdy for the price and plastic but only time will tell.
 I was skeptical buying this at first but having it for a couple of months, it does a good job. Like other reviewers pointed out, the temp is not pinpoint accurate but what do you expect from the price!<br/>I would definitely recommend it and save yourself a lot of money
 I bought this gun to check on the temperatures of my animal habitats , so far seems to be doing reall good.
 Love this thing. Very accurate and helpful. You literally just point and shoot. Aim it at anything that you want to know the temperature of. Very useful with my fireplace and bbq pit.
 small, light and easy to use.  digital thermometer may be off by a degree or two but my needs and most i would believe do not require accuracy to the tenth or hundredth of a degree.  if you need that level of accuracy then you need to shell out some bucks but for what you pay for, this little device works just dandy!
 I'm measuring everything in the house with it. Such a cool device. Shows air leaks of windows and doors in a second.  Shows where insulation is less than needed in attic just by pointing to the ceiling.
 This thing is amazing.  I have been testing it for about 2 weeks now and it is so accurate and quick.  The price was beyond a great deal.
 nice size;easy to use and works every time
 Great product the reason I purchased this was to chase the rabbit holes that left the draft in my place. Found plenty of them and was able to asses the rest for a future plan in place and soon the basement will one day be as warm as the rest of the house,
 Product works good. It does what it supposed to do, no complaints.
 Honeywell thermostat says room temperature is 65F, the device says wall temperature is 66.2F. Good enough.<br/>One star off for using 9V battery. Consumer should look for guns using 2 AAA.
 For the price this works really well. Appears to be petty accurate.
 Bought this for... well, not really sure what I will end up using it for but it's good to know I have it around if there is an occasion! Overall it feels really solid when it's in your hand. There are a couple of buttons below the screen: One that turns on and off the red laser pointer for easier targeting (or annoying the cat), one that toggles between Celsius and Fahrenheit, and one that turns on and off the blue backlight. Finally there is a trigger to pull that is actually what you use to take the measurement.
 Easy to use temp gun.
 It worked great for me accurate within 1 to 2 degrees
 This is a great product for the price point I have no problems with it and it works great every time I use it for cold spots in the house to try and improve my heating cost this summer I will be using it the other way that help save and Cooling. Love it
 Measures very accurately according to other measuring tools used at the same time, grip is very ergonomic and I haven't changed the battery since I've bought it about a year ago. Three simple buttons on the front, one to change between Celsius and Fahrenheit, one to turn the laser on or off, and one for the screen back light,
 I bought two and they come in quite handy. Gives a pretty accurate reading of body temperature in a jiffy.
 Fun tool to use on all types of tasks. Kids love playing with it to guess the temperature of different things.
 I use this every day to check the temperature on 12 fish tanks. Saves so much time in the morning and it’s so easy. Happy I picked this up!
 i enjoy using this in the kitchen, great product.
 One of the best things we have ever gotten on Amazon. Still can't believe the price!  We use it for bath water, cooking, arguments about drafts in the house/around the windows, etc.
 Simple. Well made
 The laser pointer doesn't point to the same location that the IR receiver does.  It's off, up and to the right by about 15 degrees.  As long as I remember that when pointing it, the thing seems to work fine.  Doesn't appear to be a way to disassemble the unit to adjust it, either.  Not worth sending back, so I'll live with it.
 This is a great tool to add to your collection! I use it for my reptile tanks, kids heads to check for fevers, and on my house to see where drafts are!
 Fun "toy" to see temperatures. Can come in handy on odd jobs.
 Very light, sturdy, compact tool
 Works great, like the double laser to show area size being measured, great little tool to have.
 Very easy to use. Happy with the purchase.
 Product arrived exactly as described, packaged nice and neat. Performed exactly as indicated. At first the read-outs weren't there, but I quickly realized it had a dead battery. Popped a new battery in and everything performed perfectly! Thank you!
 Like Sheldon Cooper, I can now ensure my tea is at the perfect sipping temperature. Easy to use, and accurate (we verified it against our probe thermometer, and the temps were exactly the same.)
 Works decently well. Sometimes inaccurate with temperature readings. Material is great and units are easily changeable
 Accurate and capable, this digital pyrometer is extremely accurate and it works perfectly.<br/><br/>I need to read the heat of a dangerous hot surface on a machine, and this tool does the job without exposing me to any risk of injury.<br/><br/>A nice tool, well-made and easy to use.
 Very well priced, and used it the other day to help locate the coldest part of some frozen pipes so we knew where to defrost. Worth it for that alone just to avoid having to call a professional. I actually bought it for making hot process soap  and will be using it for that soon
 It works ever well and highly accurate for as cheap as this was. Happy with this purchase.
 Works very well.  Just be sure the two laser "dots" are in the same spot and the reading will be right on.  I have tested with other infrared readers and this one is always perfect.
 Much faster &amp; easier than the stick on thermometers I’ve been using in my reptile cages! I love it!
 Big sturdy grip for easy pointing of this device. Has a laser pointer which distracts our dog, win! Nice and comfortable in your hands and makes very accurate readings of temps on skillets and other cooking devices. Shipped very quickly and I seriously can't find anything wrong with it yet. Has the option to turn laser pointer off if you want to, can go from Celsius to Fahrenheit and back with just a click of the button, the display is nice and big and easy to read. Very solid product and very light. I'm very happy with this product.
 It doesn't give you a perfect temp readout but it does give you a general idea of if it is cold, warm, hot or on fire which is very nice.  You can guestimate by adding roughly 10-15% to the total it gives you.
 Once you have one it will surprise you how often you use it. It's easy to use and the temp is right on the money.
 This really is fantastic value for what you pay. I am really enjoying using this while grilling. The backlight feature is perfect. Plan to buy more as gifts!
 Works great. Be sure you don't set it to metric when you use Imperial. You will think it's taking a terribly long time for your steak to cook. Good thing my husband noticed. Also. You need to open it up and connect the battery. Yes, the battery is inside. No, it is not connected. Great product! Great price!
 Not accurate
 Works very well. I have compared temperature readings to known values around the house and it appears to be very accurate. Very easy to use, just point and shoot. The value calculates very quickly.
 This works really well.  I use it all the time in the kitchen.  I can tell when oil is hot enough for frying.  Also I frequently steam vegetables, and I can tell when they reach 140 deg F, which is when all bacteria are killed, without over cooking.
 Temp can fluctuate around 10 degrees but works great for regular house use.
 My husband got this to use as a thermometer, but 99% of the time it's actually used as a cat laser toy, and it's the BEST. It's lasted a long time, unlike other, "actual" cat laser toys. :)
 Love this! I use for making CP soap and its really easy to use and really accurate (well as far as I can tell!)
 Very pleased and will buy again if needed.  Thank you!
 Perfect for what I wanted it for.
 Very well made, ACCURATE, REPEATABLE and RELIABLE<br/>Calibrated to measure black body radiation. Fun to have.<br/><br/>EASY to use: Just pull trigger and read temp.<br/>Laser pointer shows center of measurement cone.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Etekcity-Temperature-Gun-Non-Contact-Infrared-Thermometer-w-Laser-Sight/dp/B00837ZGRY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Etekcity Temperature Gun Non-Contact Infrared Thermometer w/ Laser Sight</a><br/><br/>In winter, use it to check for heat leaks.<br/><br/>Buy this .... It is easily worth it.
 This works great. But the temperature readings not that accurate. Guess for the price I can't ask more. It's good if you don't mind the readings being off of couple degrees
 Has been working great, within a degree every time I have used it, could be the thermometer I’m comparing to.
 I use it for checking supply and return air temps on HVAC units. And in a pinch have used to calculate superheat on HVAC units. Handy to have in my tool bag.
 I purchased this for my fish keeping get hobby and it works like a charm. I have compared the temperature to multiple thermometers and it came out super accurate! I use it for food as well.
 Works great even with water/the pool.
 I bought one of these a couple weeks ago, and my sister already stole it from me.  We moved an RV into the back yard for her and her cats to live in, and keeping it warm has been quite a challenge, with a -32 degree F. and -22 degree night and a blizzard this morning.  The key is to find every air leak, and this little gun works great for that.  It is very responsive to temperature changes, and we soon found and fixed leaky spots in her trailer.  This is a great product, and at a great price, too.  I will have to "steal" it back and use it on my old house next.
 Product did not work straight out of box. the company sent me a replacement within days, no questions asked. That was awesome! The new one works perfect. Accurate and easy. Great gun for the price and the customer service was excellent!
 No complaints about this purchase.
 One of the handiest tools you will ever need.
 Does exactly what it's supposed to do. Seems fairly accurate as well.
 Works immediately as advertised- tried it on the eye of my stove and it reads quickly and easily- fun to use for sure!
 Works great and very accurate
 NO IDEA
 I love the quality for the price. Its so much better then what in thought I was gonna get for the low price.  I'm an auto tech and these come in handy quite often .. I love it !
 I use this in my bearded dragons tank. Works great!
 I keep this digital temp gun in our boat.  It is so easy to point it at the water and see the surface temp is. Easy to use, lightweight and compact.
 This is so helpful with my soap making.  Easy to use and the pricea is right!
 Works ok on some things but others just give a random number it seems like, I wouldn’t recommend this, spend more and get a better one.
 Great machine! Use it in soap making (and the kids use it to check each other's temperatures when we are not looking) and it works awesome!
 Bought for a specific use and only used it a few times.  Nice unit for the $$.
 This product was MUCH better than I expected.  Purchase with confidence.  It even reads temperatures in the 450+ degree F range.  It's fun to aim this at the logs in your fireplace and read the temperatures.  My kids are having a blast playing with this, and you can switch off the red laser to prevent childhood blindness.  It's totally worth the money.
 Quickly and accurately measures temperature, also makes a killer cat toy with the built in laser pointer
 Works good. Bought to read the temp of my RC car motor.
 Been wanting one.So we will see when I get to use it.
 Great price, works well. accuracy seems to be within 1 degree f.
 Liked it
 Everyone should have one of these.  I have used it for everything from motorcycle carb adjustment (measuring the exhaust pipe temp,) to checking the temperature of turkey frying oil.
 Works well measuring the temperature of my hand made soap ( and makes for less contact with lye water).
 No me sirvió
 I was sick of my digital thermometers losing their “stick” and falling, so I bought this as a way to check the temperatures in my bearded dragon’s terrarium without the headache. All it takes is a quick, simple click to help regulate your “hot” and “cool” sides of the tank. I’ve been extremely happy with this product since making the purchase.
 This has been essential to my soap making for the past six months.  It’s accurate, easy to use.
 Its very easy to use and comes in handy everytime i need to take temp readings of my toroises’s terrarium.
 it does the job, neat lil gadget for the price. i use it at work around some of the HVAC systems
 Seems to work consistently.
 Accurate and easy! Perfect for monitoring the temperature of my terrarium.
 Don't know if it is accurate but it is fast. I discovered it does not like shinny surfaces.
 Using this for soap making. It really makes things easier that the traditional food thermometer. Point and shoot action is easy and convenient. Going to get one for my daughter.
 Picked this up to measure the pool and surface temp of the ground and various items.Works fantastic and happy with my purchase.
 I am amazed at what I received. It looks and feels like something that costs 10 times as much. I tested many things to see how it works, but I plan on using this mainly for safety: to test hot automotive and computer parts, for example. I'm sure there are many other uses, which I'll discover!
 Easy to use
 Love it!
 Great product for price
 Amazing and fantastically priced product, now I know what temperatures I am cooking my healthy oil at to prevent converting the oils into harmful radicals. So easy to use.  I do not receive any compensation in any form for this review.
 Good
 A necessity for a fish room
 Great for find drafts and the things just plain damn fun to use
 This is so easy to use and seems pretty accurate. It gives you the temperature immediately.Glad I bought it.
 It was as it was described
 Works great. it is very accurate. So far i have figured it is within 2 degree accuracy. I do not need much closer than that as i use it to check my Ball Python cage temp a few times daily.
 Does it feel colder in the room or is it just me? Well with one of these doo-dads you can finally know the temperature drop down to a tenth of a degree. I use this thermometer for everything from cooking to discovering minor annoyances, and it has yet to let me down. Also like the included battery.
 Seems slow and does not accurately read colder temperatures.... disappointed.
 This is so much fun.  A friend came over and was envying it so we got him one for Christmas.  Then he bought some for others. etc.<br/><br/>I use it all the time when cooking and for other things like comparing the temperature of different dog noses and other useless stuff.
 So far I just use it in the he kitchen. Very easy to use.
 Works perfect for my Catering needs
 Awesome, accurate and inexpensive. We first bought this to monitor the temp in a reptile enclosure, but soon for many other uses: grilling, ventilation/heating, and validating pre-teen boy illness faking (not recommended for use by medical professionals - but he went to school after seeing that he was NOT "burning up from the inside!!!")<br/><br/>Fast delivery with Prime. Very happy with our purchase.
 Works great
 I bought this thermometer to monitor the temperature gradient in my bearded dragon's habitat. I almost bought a 40-dollar equivalent thermometer at Lowe's, but I'm so glad I bought this one instead for much cheaper. I was able to determine that I needed a second light to raise the temperature on the basking side, and now my beardie is warm and happy! Great value for the money!
 Honestly this is used rarely for actually taking temperature. I use it to play with my cats.. they love it!
 cant wait to use. easy set up. seems durable
 Very nice for price
 Bought this as a gift for my father and now everyone in my family wants one! It works perfectly and is so easy to use! As far as we can tell it is very accurate and can read temperatures from pretty long distances. Will definitely be buying some more of these as stocking stuffers this year!
 Well worth the buy
 After only having for 3 days already have found several uses.  I have checked each vent in the house to see if there are any HVAC balancing issues.  have used it to measure the pool and spa temperature and use it this weekend while I am grilling.  Since we will be relocating this summer will use it to check out for any HVAC, insulation, water temperatures, and leaks around doors and windows.<br/><br/>Showed it to a coworker and he immediately ordered one for himself.  Great value.
 I use this for science in elementary school. Works great.
 Very easy to use. We keep this little device on hand to monitor the output vents on our AC unit and to look for hot spots in the house.
 Works great for checking the temperature of a fry pan.  No more guesswork.  Perfect searing of meats every time!
 works great for making soap!
 Don’t need it but still bought it
 at room temp it matches the one at work but at the temp I use it, around 110 to 140 degrees f it is around 6 degrees off of the one at work.  Obviously I can't say which is the accurate one but it serves my purpose.
 If you want to check your foods temperature the quick way, this is your GO2! Whoever came up with this is genius! The price is great on this and it works perfectly! Thanks
 I bought this product to make homemade soap. I like how easy it is to use this thermometer because i don't have to put the thermometer in the item. The thermometer is very accurate. This is just what i wanted and needed.
 Use in my business. Great tool!
 Amazing. I made the purchase because of all the other 5 star reviews and was not disappointed. For the price the quality and accuracy is great. In addition to general home use it is great for science with the grand children.
 Seems to be very accurate, and is very easy to use. Bought this for measuring temperature when making hot process soap in a crockpot. Works great.
 Works great and is super cheap compared to buying from a store
 Bought this to check the temperature on my wheels to see if I had a stuck or hanging caliper. Turned out to be the best dog toy ever! Hours of fun around the house. She actually hears me click the on switch from another room.<br/><br/>*general disclaimer that the laser never gets in the dog’s eyes
 Very utilitarian. Glad I now have one.  Will satisfy for a long time.
 I purchased this for my husband.  He was so excited when he got it.  He went around the house checking all of the windows (then of course we were depressed).  It seems to work correctly and accurately.  I would recommend this to a friend.
 Accurate and I'll get a lot of use with this, and I may let my husband borrow it on occasion in the shop.
 I bought this to check the how the ceiling and countertop area in an outdoor pavilion grill area was, as far as heating up from the grill use.<br/><br/>It does what it says.  Point and shoot, and read the temp.  As far as I can tell, seems to be very accurate.<br/><br/>Does not feel cheap or flimsy, I expect this to last.
 I am finding a love for cooking and home DIY project and have used this product many times. If you look for a similar product at your local stores, you will likely find it cost almost double. This product seems accurate and gives you a temperature reading quickly.
 Does what I need it to do.
 I tested against a more expensive non-contact digital thermometer and the Etekcity Lasergrip 774 was 4-5 degrees warmer on ac vents.
 I dislike it because of it's inaccurate readings. It was highly recommended by a friend but it didn't benefit us the way we thought it would. It is no doubt very easy and convenient to use, but the particular one didn't read the temperature correctly.
 Worked perfect out of the box! Taking on trip with travel trailer to mainly keep track of wheel bearing temperatures.Tried on seveeral things around house &amp; cars- very accurate!
 Easy to use and so convenient
 Perfection for my griddle temperature
 It's only accurate within 5 degrees Fahrenheit so keep that in mind, solid product, works well
 Works great so far, inexpensive and works as it should.
 Very easy to use..quick readout of temperature<br/>Defitiney a good deal...licensed Hvac contractor in South Texas.<br/>Bryan Tyler
 Very handy for soap making
 This product works as designed
 Works great....precision around -2ºC....amazing.
 Not the most accurate, but as accurate as I expected for the price. I find my self using this little gadget all the time. Especially handy for people with electric ranges.
 Makes soap making easier! A convenient tool all the way around!
 I am in the hot dog business. The small cost of this is a very good value. It works as it should. I use it at home also.<br/>I have been cooking for my family for over 30 years. Example;  I have a cooktop grill and use it for pancakes. I set the temp<br/>350 or 375... I did not know that the thermostat on the unit is wrong... The cook top was over 425 degrees. This is must buy for anyone who likes to cook.
 Very nice for these money!!! Happy
 Greatm cheap, perfect.  I use this for soapmaking... it's great.  It reads almost instantly, and everything turns out as it should (so it's got to be relatively accurate).  I've also used it to scope out poorly insulated areas of my home.  It's a nice tool to have available when you need it.
 I love this product because it's way cheaper than temp guns with a brand name and sold in the reptile/pets department and it works well. I purchased 3 because I'm also a teacher. I use these in my thermo-dynamics unit with 5th graders.
 It is easy and accurate to test the temperature of water, oil and some other solid.
 Satisfied my curiosity for wondering what temps are on objects.. seems very accurate!!
 No complaints on this heat gun
 I bought this for my husband for Father's Day and now we know the temperature of everything we own.  He just got a new smoker, so it is fun and functional at the same time.
 so good
 Works great for our in ground pool, and we use it to check air conditioning vents. Has many uses, with an on off switch for the laser and back light. I highly recommend it, it's so much fun to use you should buy it just to play with it. Lol.
 It works alot farther from the object than it says it will. i use it in business.....to measure machine components.
 got this for cooking since now so many recipes give food temperatures when it's supposed to be cooked. Seems to be working well. Great that it came with the 9 volt battery.
 Broke after 2 days of usage around the house. All of these are the same Chinese gun +/- a couple features. Trash, wasn't worth the return hassle. Very inaccurate as well. Spend 50$ and be happy.
 Little smaller than i thought it was going to be. But, it works great and appears to be of good quality.
 Wow!  I am girlfriend of the year!  He loves this thing!  Part useful piece of serious equipment, part toy. He is seeing how hot everything is!  I originally bought it because he made a barbecue pit in our backyard. It does work for this purpose. He is finally using a gift.
 I love this thing! I honestly bought it to use for fun since i've always wanted one as a kid. I find myself checking the temperature of everything lol. It seems very very accurate! It registers the temperature very quickly and seems to read from a pretty good distance (almost 2 feet away), up to just a few inches. I now know how hot my light bulbs and dog are, lol. GREAT PRODUCT!
 Exactly what we needed, meets all of our expectations
 Product arrived on time. :-)<br/>Product works as advertised. :-)<br/>Excellent price. :-)<br/>Now I too, like Alton Brown, can make 'good eats'. :-) :-)
 This thing is so cool. Point and shoot. Accurate reading. I use it for my Nitro RC cars and electric motors to ensure I don't over heat them. Could measure anything within its range. Very easy to use.
 Company sent me a new one after first one quit working within a couple weeks. This one seems to be made much better. Working great so far! Easy to use and fun.
 We easy to use and convenient
 Very easy to use. A monkey could do it.
 Cool item for special uses.
 Me encanto súper cómodo y fácil de usar
 It's very accurate and also great fun to use<br/>My family kept taking it from me and going around the house to check if everything<br/>They would make good gifts
 Works great
 Sent as a gift, my friend loves it. He uses it to find hot spots in the homes he builds... I use mine for cooking.
 Isn’t as accurate as I was expecting.
 Works as expected. I have no idea why my husband wanted or needed it but he says it does what it is supposed to,
 Great for cooking and entertaining your cat or dog. What more could you want?
 Got this to aid in my soap making. It works great when mixing chemicals at precise temperature. It also works well on my fish tank and different rooms in the house.
 PERFECT
 I use this mostly for my grill when I use a pizza stone. I also use it when super-heating a cast iron pan to sear a steak or something. It works perfectly. Fast calibration and easy to use. Keep in mind when using that the less light that is absorbed (lighter colors) the less accurate it is (at least that is how it seems to me).
 Very happy with this so far. I already tested the thermometer and validated the results with other thermometers and this one is very accurate and suits cooking needs.
 use it every day, good tool
 My older oven doesn't really have an accurate temperature reading. This really came in handy for telling what the exact temp is!
 This is a great tool. I use it to make soaps I used to just guess the temp. It ruined several molds. I highly recommend
 I've had this for several months.  At first I bought it for measuring the temperature in different parts of our Bearded Dragon's enclosure (her name is "Monster").  It wasn't long before I was using it for all kinds of little curios measurements, including getting the AC repaired.  The air felt a bit cool, but I didn't think it was cool enough, and sure enough, this verified.<br/><br/>TIP - Do NOT point this into anybody's (or anything's) eyes.  LASER's are powerful light that can burn the back of the retina, causing permenant vision damage or loss.  As soon as my 5 YO saw this she wanted to play with the LASER, and the first time she wasn't very careful, but every time since I give her a little reminder and she is fine.  Why did I capitalize LASER?  It is an acronym for Light Amplification by Stimulated Emmission of Radiation.  There, you learned something new today!
 I've had this thing about 4 months now works great no problems
 I put off buying a digital thermometer for so long and I don't know why I did now that I have this one in my kitchen.  It works perfectly and keeps my head/hands out of the oven!
 Use this thing all the time and is great it gives you a really good idea of the tempature very easy to use
 I found it's 2 degrees off  We'd verify by pointing it at the thermostat and checking the temp.  We'd just had to add two degrees to the number on the unit
 good price. works great.
 Great product, priced right, quite accurate readings, tested against another professional model.<br/>I use this to determine local swimming pools water temperature.
 Had a lot of fun with this.
 I purchased this to help with making candles and its great. I highly recommend this for at home candle or soap making.
 Don't use it often enough, but I love it when I do use it. Pretty accurate and helpful when needing to cook at a specific temp.
 Great
 I'm measuring the temp of anything and everything all the time. Especially in crappy supermarkets.<br/>I Love this thing! :)
 A good product, works well......
 Fit / feel / finish of plastic battery cover can be improved.  It works for what it is.
 I bought this as an add on to make my purchase go over a certain amount. It is so fun to play with and has come in handy for a lot of things like checking for air leaks, testing my AC to see how cold it is. I have even used it to check the temp of baking and cooking lol.
 This ends up being a "toy" for my husband and I, guessing what the temperature is in a certain area of the house.  Will recommend this to anyone.
 Use it for many purposes. Works fine but do not know how accurate it is if you need exact temps.
 I bake a lot of bread and this is perfect for making sure the stone/tile/steel is hot enough to get that great oven spring we all look for in making bread.<br/><br/>It's very quick, but make sure you get as close as you can to the material you're taking the temperature of. The further away you are, the wider the diameter of the "sensor" is, so things are often a few degrees  usually lower] than what they are if you're right up next to it.
 Button has a weird feel.. but it works. Helps me find drafts from lack of insulation.
 I have had several brands of these, it works well so far. No complaints, like it a lot, great price!
 Very handy but not sure if it is accurate.
 Not super reliable but for the price I suppose it’s ok for limited use.
 Works as described. Excellent for the price. Bought this for my uncle to find cold spots in his house as well as to tell how how something is after welding.
 We have a lot of fun with these thermometers. I gave several as gifts this year and they are a big hit. My father-in-law saw me using it and immediately wanted one, so I gave him mine and ordered a couple more. He was happier with this than anything else we bought him for Christmas. These are accurate enough for my purposes although some reviews say they can be off by a degree or two. Comes with a 9 volt battery and haven't had to change any of them since purchasing. Also, the cat enjoys the laser pointer.
 Works as it should. Not sure of its accuracy or longevity. Not sure what I will actually use it for. Was purchased to check engine temp on my inboard boat. Having done that yet.
 Well made unit, accurate, checked with my ThermoWorks. Great for checking refrigerator temperature and cast iron pan's. Make sure to remove the plastic wrap on the battery before trying to connect it. LoL It's so clear I couldn't tell the terminals were covered.
 Works just like indicated.  I use it to test the temp liquid phase in making handmade lotions and cremes.  Just point and shoot.  Works and Looks just like indicated.
 My husband uses this tool to check the temperature of his beer to ensure it’s cold enough to drink
 excellent
 works great, and reasonably priced
 Didn’t find this to be very accurate
 Seems like the temp moves around a bit. I got it for more of a guideline and did not expect it to be accurate but it does seem close. Playing I did find out that my sons lizard had a body temp of 71 which led me to find that its heat rock was unplugged so he is glad I got it.
 THIS IS AMAZING.  IT WORKS SO NICE AND IT IS ACCURATE.
 Really good. Works perfect.
 Product arrived quickly, and works like a charm.
 Seems to work well, I've been using it for diagnosing and working on cars. Been very useful so far.
 My husband loves this thermometer. When he received it, he spent hours walking around the house checking the temperature on everything from light bulbs to window panes to floors. Overall, I think this was a great purchase.
 So easy to use. Very happy with it so far
 You need one of these. I found several cold spots on exterior walls around the house I suspected but couldn't locate. This gizmo has already paid for itself.
 I use this to measure the temperature of the tires and the wheel bearings on my camper and it works well for that.
 not 100% Accurate but it's great<br/>i recommend it
 I use this all over the house. Bath water, fish tank, lizard cages and kitchen.
 Works great and I use this temp gun for checking temps on my traxxas rustler motor and use the laser pointer to give my dog some exercise, he loves chasing the light.
 This is a really nice but heavy duty feeling. I work construction and feel comfortable throwing it in my tool box or my tool bag. If it falls out, it seems like it could handle a ladder test. Best part that isn’t spoken about, the cats wear themselves out chasing the beams on the floor. Lol
 So far we have bought three of these. We gave two as gifts and the recipients said they liked them. I got my to get the temperature of melting wax for candle making but I am a crafter and I have found a lot of other uses for it. Great purchase.
 Great product and prompt delivery at a nice price.
 Works very well for a good price. No complaints
 This is the second one I’ve owned. Works great, just don’t drop it on tile.
 Works great. The included  9v battery did not last that long.
 It works fine.  In this price range, I am happy with the +/- 2 degrees. Folks should know that the precision ones used in the energy or medical industries cost 200 times more than this unit.
 Great item, accurate and convienant.
 Great product, simple to use, battery is included.  Love the laser pointer for pinpoint accuracy.  Laser does not need to be on if you don't want it to be.  Found source of many "drafts" around windows, during winter for caulking.  Very addicting product.
 Great tool.  Have found many uses for it since it came. The cost is very reasonable. So far, I would strongly recommend it.
 Great tool. I use it all the time
 This worked great, until it didn't. Based on all of the other positive reviews, I think we got a lemon. Would it be possible to get a replacement device? We just purchased this 2 months ago (just outside of amazon warranty).
 Neat tool that checks temps around the house.  Corners of our windows in the winter were about 50 degrees!  BRRR
 Love iy
 Very helpful tool in my kit for a variety of uses.
 I use this to test my bearded dragon temps it’s fantastic
 the laser thermometer hardly informs that it is not designed for human use, it is offered as a great purchase but it does not have clear warnings in small letters of the specifications, this criticism applies to several products of the same nature
 This is one of those tools that makes technicians like me smile when I first use  it .<br/><br/>Within minutes I was able to find a hot spot on my fridge that was probably  causing the extremely hight power bills I've been getting .<br/><br/>Next step is to dump that ol' fridge.
 Works great and tested precise among other thermometers
 so far so good
 Exceeds my expectations. Works as described, have used it in many of the ways described by other raters.  new ideas all the time.  Well made, simple design.  Should last a while if I don't run it over or drop it from the second floor.
 Perfect for spot readings
 Purchased this product about 6 months ago. I have another product from Harbor Freight which has worked great for several years. I decided to purchase this product to have a second one. The battery connector was a joke. It was made of a tinny material i have never seen used on a connector which needs to be rigid enough to grip the battery firmly. I am a retired electronic tech so I decided to replace the battery  cable myself. The unit worked for approximately 5 minutes and then the case got hot and it died. Hate to send an inexpensive product back but that will be the case from now on. Would never buy another product of this Brand name.
 Worked like it said
 Bought it for temperature of meat that is being grilled but only does outside temperature.  Otherewise it is great,
 I have purchased this laser thermometer three times now.  This thermometer has a great price, and it works well.  I have used it to check my oven and my cooking on the stove.  I highly suggest it.
 Awesome thermometer! Seems very accurate compared to room thermometers. Quick and easy with red led light to spot what you're reading.
 Good
 very good
 The device arrived on time but with a 'bloated' battery inside. The battery was not connected to avoid accidental usage but in order to connect it I had to use a screwdriver to pull it out of its compartment. It was not leaking, just ballooned. I tried to see if it even had power by testing it with the device and noting showed up on the display when I pressed the trigger. I didn't want to return the item just because of a battery, but it is important to mention that the battery was very old.<br/><br/>I replaced it with a brand new 9V battery I had at the office and the device works well. It is very accurate compared with other thermostats on walls in computer rooms and inside servers - where I test hard drives temp to ensure proper cooling in the case or the room.<br/><br/>Yes, I recommend the device, but the battery quality control should be in place before shipping.
 Excellent design and every home should have one. I use mine for checking temperature out of my AC vents, temperature of my refrigerator door seals, freezer and upper section.<br/><br/>It is the most unique and applicable instrument for the household and industry.
 Très bon produit
 Works as designed, well packaged with clear direction for usage and shipped quickly.
 What can I say other than love it!!!
 Started falling apart after 1 month of light use.
 Unit works great I use it to check the differential and temperature for my air conditioner.
 👍
 This thing is wonderful! It's nice and lightweight. It has all the basic functions needed and the laser sight works great. The temperature readings occur in under 1 second which is wonderful and it holds the time for you. It automatically powers off after several seconds to save battey! Sweet little too to have around the house.
 Works great.
 Pretty cool product. Bought it for my husband and he loves it. It does only read surface temperatures so it wont help if you're trying to read the temperature of the air.
 Great product. Still finding ways to use it. And THANK YOU for coming WITH the 9v battery. I got to use it right away!
 Did not work properly for a while. Sometimes goes back to working again. Temps are way off
 its okay I hate the battery door. and the 2 AAA batteries but other that that its okay
 It's probably not the greatest if it's needed for government/military scientific exploration, but it's good to safely get an idea of roughly how warm food is, or to check the house for temperature leaks.  (I have a few.  Time to check Amazon for caulking!)
 Works good but prefer the one laser model its easy to measure
 Works well so far!
 Love it! Read directions and you will have the perfect temp reading.
 I always wanted one of these, but never got around to buying one until I saw this one on Amazon. For the price, I could not resist, but was weary I'd "get what I paid for".  I'm pleasantly surprised. It's sturdy, uncomplicated and works well.
 Everything about this is quality without the high price tag.
 1 foot to 3 foot away, reads same temp. Pretty accurate &amp; can use with or without laser pointer. Using for ball python enclosure.
 Great buy and extremely helpful while cooking.  Especially if you grill in the winter months and it is darker earlier outside.
 I love this one. Great tool for cooking down essential oils.
 Bought this for my wife who handmakes her soap and she loves it. Her biggest pet peeve making soap was trying to find a good quality thermometer, and this one makes all the difference.
 Use it to see what the temperate of various objects are, even our coffee pot.
 Cool tool!!!! Used for soap making. A bit confused on the up &amp; down of temperatures displayed, still learning the tool.
 Wow. I have used several models in industry and this does just as well as any and much cheaper. I have not calibrated it but it does get repeatable readings and they seem reasonable.
 I love this thing, you just point and shoot, I pointed it at an empty plate and it gave the temp for it, even a stream of water. I thought it was so neat, I purchased it to take the temp of soap when I'm making it. so yes this is a great purchase if you need to take the temp of something. I have not tried it on a person I need to try it.
 Good product. Now I dont need to argue with my wife about the temperature of the temperature of baby bath water, or formula..just point and read. Of course need to take couple reading to get the right reading.
 Simple and accurate. Cant beat the price.
 Great!!
 Works on most surfaces, seems to be reasonably accurate for the price.
 Excellent item great purchase awesome product. Love that it's compact. Great product highly recommended.
 This is a great item. I use them on paranormal investigations, and the 'instant' response I get from temperature changes within an area is greatly helpful for pinpointing activity. Highly recommended for investigators or anyone who needs an fast temperature readout.
 I disable the battery whenever I'm not using it but so far, so good. Overall build is great and I can read the screen. Price a little steep but is a good device.
 Love this unit!
 Amazing
 excelente
 I got this for my DH, he didn't know he needed it, but he did and he uses it frequently.
 All of my temp sensors seem to be off in my fish tanks, so this makes checking the tanks temperature quick and easy.
 Measures surface temp. of almost everything. Very easy to use. Just point and "shoot".
 I really like this tool, and you can't beat the price. I just have one minor gripe, which I really intend to be a polite suggestion as to how this could be even better: The reading is clearly an average of an area - not a precise point. For example, if I point the dot directly at a candle from 6 inches away, the reading is something like 100 degrees. Obviously it's much hotter than that. Most of the time, this level of acuity is not necessary and it isn't a big deal. I dislike though that it makes me doubt my reading from different ranges. My suggestion is that instead of a fixed size laser dot, use a more broad dot that is naturally larger with distance, so that it's easier to visualize how the area being averaged changes with distance. The physics work - an emitted light calibrated to match the sample area size at an certain distance would shrink and grow proportionately with the size of the sample area for changes in distance.
 Works as expected
 Great for the price, I have a higher priced one also, and have not seen a difference in the readings between them.
 Works great
 I found myself getting temperatures all over the house. I even found a floor vent that the contractors had carpeted over in one of my closets!<br/>Works good in the kitchen too or on the grill.
 Excellent tool to tell temperatures. I used it to insulate my travel trailer even more after I thought it was totally done. Very inexpensive for the quality of the tool.
 Great thermometer for the price. I did a quick test to see it's accuracy at low temperatures, using a glass of ice water that I left sit for a while.<br/>This read 34.4°F -  2.4° off from what it should be. The description claims 2 degrees or 2 percent either way, C or F, which is close but I think I can attribute a degree to my cup being plastic, or how I held the thermometer.<br/><br/>As long as you understand how it measures things in a 'cone,' sort of like a flashlight, and know that it can ONLY take surface temperatures, this is an awesome product for the price.<br/><br/>I got it to check temps on my 3d printer bed.
 Works great
 Great item. Works very well for measuring temp on my powder coated item.
 Used it after water heater install to measure temperatures. Then to calibrate oven , check vehicle temps , boat cooling system and found no discrepancies in the readings. Feels like a solid enough product and has not ran out of batteries yet.
 Perfect
 This unit woks very well. I did want to tell you when I received it the LCD screen was cracked. Not sure what you want to do about it.
 Works great, easy to use and very accurate.  If you want an infrared thermometer, this is a good one.
 We bought this for a science fair experiment to record the temperature of petri dishes.  Great product!
 not sure if it is accurate, but i'm using it all the time.
 I bought the 8380 and have been having a blast with it for the last several hours. I can't speak to its long term durability, but it is highly accurate and I appreciate the inclusion of the required 9v battery. No complaints, great purchase at a great price.
 The laser beam to sensor location deviation is important to note. (small picture on side of device)  As you are further away from an item, it may not be sensing the exact location that you want to.  It works well for large areas a long ways off, or for testing things up close for cooking.<br/><br/>Works great, my dogs have a fur surface temperature of 85F.
 This is the same quality as my previous more expensive one I bought at Lowes for a forth of the cost
 I bought this to measure temps in my camper. Works great at a good price!
 works as should
 Just what I needed.  This works perfectly
 I bought this to mess around with and take the temperature of things (which is does a very good, accurate job of) but I just ended up using it as a laser pointer to entertain my dogs and upset my parents with their barking.<br/><br/>Would definitely recommend to any 22 year old guy who still lives with his parents!
 Also serves as a laser toy for your kittehs.
 This does exactly as it is supposed to do and makes it much easier to determine the temperature of an oven or grill.  It appears to be very accurate and returns a result in a second or less.
 device not very accurate ,temp reading all over the chart most of the time
 Unit has a quality feel, a good fit in the hand, and provides the temperature of the target surface. Have wanted an IR thermometer for a long time.  This unit seems a good buy.
 Every wanted to know the exact temperature of something? Well you can now! The battery life is awesome because I've been doing nothing but scanning things for the last 6 months! My laptops screen is running at 80.7 degrees as we speak! AWESOME!!! Totally needed to know that!
 Love marking out the areas of my house that were too hot this summer. Waiting on winter to seal up all the cold areas. Great little device and easy to use!!
 Just got it so far so good
 Checking the temperature of everything. Easy to use and appears very accurate.
 Got this to test water temp of the pool.  Fast shipping and it seems to work well for the price.  Was well built.
 Great product
 Cheap and not very accurate.
 Works great no issues!
 This is junk, don't waste your time.  Get one that you insert into meats.  Asked for a refund and no one even responded.<br/><br/>Watch the video, it cant measure temperature with any accuracy
 Not only does it work well as far as I can tell, but the laser dot is a HUGE hit with our dog who will chase it all over the room.  Good battery life as far as I can tell as well since we haven't had to replace it yet even though using the laser continuously.
 very pleased so far.  Does what I hoped it would do and more..also fun to play with!
 Super handy troubleshooting tool. Accurate to 5-10 degrees.
 point to my pot, press trigger, read 350, touch like 350. 10/10. would buy this again
 Really fun to have. Sometimes I find myself just laser beaming stuff across the room lol
 I love this thing, very helpful in determining where the cold air is coming into your house.
 I've had this thermometer for about a year product has been extremely reliable for me. The ability to switch the laser on and off and the large temperature range it detects have both been more helpful than I would have thought.
 Works great.  No problems.
 Works as described
 Ok, I got this to temp my oils and water for making soap. But I've been playing with it a bunch, too.
 This saved me some time with checking the function of my t-stat and it works great. Thanks guys. Mike in Alaska.
 nice
 this product is amazing and so is the seller! after my stupid tenants have been complaining it's vold in their apt. i bought this to check their temperature and to shut them up. i have to say it's accurate and fun to use. i also like how it came in 2 days after I purchased it....don't think twice and must buy from this seller!
 Great product for the money<br/><br/>Purchased Etekcity thermometer to use for my portable pizza oven that attached on top of my BBQ. Product seems to be accurate within one or two degrees. Very happy with my purchase.
 The uses are limitless for this tool! I use it for hammock camping, and for checking for thermal leaks in the house.<br/>Simple to use, works every time. I would recommend to anyone. I have not found it outside of a degree off actual values against<br/>another control thermometer I use.
 It gives you an idea of temperature, not exact.
 I used this for soap making. Works we'll for my needs.
 Works Great!
 Works as expected and is good for engine temp analysis
 Just in time for my heat press
 Ready to go right out of the package, works great and is a very handy tool to have. Excellent instructions too. Recommended.
 Great product with a reasonable price.
 Worked great for my needs. Accurate and super easy to use. Also great value for this price!
 Very reliable temperature readings for a variety of tasks.  I use it for everything from checking fridge temp to engines and window seals.  Super easy to use and big, clear numbers.
 Great for our indoor pool AND cooking steaks and testing hot water tap temperature. Easy and fun to use
 Very easy to use. I really like it.
 Perfect for what I needed it for. No complaints. It's very easy to use. The readout is clear and back lit.
 This little gadget is great.  Has many uses.  Using it now for roasting coffee beans.
 This is a reliable product. It does exactly what it is designed to do. The read out is legible.
 It's usable without it and does an otherwise fine job. But it is annoying to have the laser pointer burn-out so soon after purchase.
 dropped it in my boiling brew pot so I washed it out in the sink then let it dry for 3 days and it started working again. Impressed.
 Works flawlessly
 Satisfied. I've been using the thermometer for several days - it works well. I recommend it.
 Not a fancy sexy one, works well though, good price
 Love this I use it on everything I need a temp on from cooking to soap making etc...Good accuracy as well.
 Works great!
 I finally got to using this the other day and it's awesome!! I don't have to dirty another thermometer in the oil pan, I just shoot this thing and it tells me the temp and I happily fry what I gotta fry! Great kitchen tool!
 Does a great job except when pointed at a shiney surface like stainless. In that case it doesn't seem to work. I'm sure there's a reason that the principle doesn't work then.
 works
 Great Price Works as expected
 Fast easy and accurate
 Hard to gauge the best distance for temp reading.  As you get closer to your item or location, the temp changes dramatically.  But works well
 Tons of fun. I tested it against ice water (32 degrees Fahrenheit) and it was off about 3 degrees. Which is impressive for an inexpensive thermometer.
 The price was too good to pass up. Very good for measuring engine temps and other very hot projects too hot to touch. Not very accurate though. Mine is 5-10 degrees off.
 My husband uses this gadget and loves it.
 Works great. Great price. Easy to use and very useful in many applications
 I mainly bought it for our kitchen - specially for frying. I don't have another device to compare the readings with but the cooking results are pretty great so I have to think that it's doing it right.<br/><br/>Good ergonomic design. Consistent readings. Backlit display. What else does one want from a IR temperature guage :)
 Fantastic quality for the price.  Works perfectly.
 Very good for the price, now I can check real reading on my stuff and it is quick and super easy to use!!! Loving it, New Fan here, can't wait to know what else these guys offer
 Use this everyday. Well made great product
 Seems to work just fine to me!
 Works Great I have used that type for a lot of years ! And this one is great!
 Pretty solid device. Simple to use.
 Work well and great deal!
 worked for about 4 mons and now it off by 8 daerass
 It works for what I need it for soooo 5 stars
 Awesome little tool.  I have used it for baking, reading the temperature of my horses hoofs, and played with the dogs.  😊
 Simple to work and accurate. I bought this to measure oil temperatures in soap making but have found many uses for it since. Easy to read display. Recommend
 Got this for my boyfriend for Christmas. He now measures windows, appliances, cats, etc. Lots of fun for low price.
 Very happy with, easy to use.
 its great for telling how hot water is for tea and what temp the stove top is.
 grandson-in-law loves the simple instructions.
 works perfectly for the experiments I've been conducting
 Works great! Can’t beat 10 bucks!
 Easy to use, accurate and good display.
 Use it 4 bar-b-q, shop stuff, reading temps in case someone has a fever-everything!  Very accurate, even checked it against a glass oral thermometer.  Instant readings. Up to 999°f.
 just as advertised !  no issues or complaints !!
 Functionality is okay at best...every time it gives you a new temperature read with drastic differences....not thrilled
 We use it almost daily.  I use mainly for checking food temp while cooking.  Last summer checked for hot areas of ceiling to insulate.  Quick, accurate, no mess.
 Easy to use.
 nice to be able to scan for bbq temperature - don't burn myself checking the heat.
 The thermometer is very light weight and easy to use, my only problem was opening the battery compartment  which my husband had to open for me . Overall the product I would definately purchase again and would recommend
 This is a fairly accurate digital thermometer.  The laser works well.  I get a three-degree difference when checking a pot of hot liquid at 155 degrees F with this thermometer compared to a bi-metal immersion thermometer.
 Does the job for a good price, do not use for measuring internal temperatures such as body heat.
 Great tool
 great product at a great price<br/><br/>Terrific tool. Accurate, easy to use, and reasonable price. Recommend for home and work use.
 A interesting device. I have bought four Lasegrip 774. One I kept and the others I gave to friends. Not much you can not measure.. room temp off of a section of wood or body temp....in the ear.
 I primarily got this thermometer for my yogurt making endeavors, since the regular liquid and candy thermometers weren't good enough and I scalded the milk every time. This gives an accurate reading that adjusts fairly quickly as you move the laser around whatever you're measuring.
 Accurate
 Works for snake habitat checking
 I have used the Etekcity Lasergrip  thermometer for a few things and it works great. I am waiting for spring so that I can use it to check soil temperature when I am planting the different vegetables in my garden. So far so good.
 Amazing and works great!
 Tons of fun and works great.
 This is FUN.
 I ordered this for my fiancé for his salt water fish tank and it works great! It came with batteries and it's still working great with the same batteries and I got it for him in 8 months ago!
 This is a very solid item. I have spent 2-3X times the amount for a quality instrument. Highly recommend.
 Works as expected
 I bought this mainly for cooking. It's great! Also use it to kill time and curiosity.
 The temperature bounces around, can't get a stable reading. I've already bought another brand going to test side by side .
 GREAT, NO PROBLEMS!
 Love this little thing! It's one of those things your don't realize you need until you have it and you use it for everything!
 This has held up really well to being used by a mechanic is a fairly busy garage. Good quality and easy to use for the price that was paid for it.
 It seems to work well.  The controls are easy. As far as I can tell, the readings are pretty accurate.
 Aaa
 WORKS GREAT !!!
 Laser pointer went out the first time I used it. Temperature measurement still works, just guessing what I’m pointing at.
 Works perfect
 This is EXACTLY as advertised....you just point it and squeeze the trigger and voila!!  There is your temp. I use it for chocolate and it works perfectly. I also was cooling down the oven to a lower temp and wondered how close I was....again - perfect application. I LOVE IT!  And so reasonably priced. Great deal!
 Addicting...  nice toy to check every item for temps.  but also useful for checking temps for cooking.  Also used for checking radiator and engine temps.  Great price on amazon
 Works great! Measure the temperature of everything I can point at. Mess around with it for hours.
 This tool has definitely helped me in the cooking department. Especially when grilling since I had the tendency to over cook items. I like the backlight feature and the option to use the laser.
 Piece of junk!  Put the battery in and it doesn't even turn on.  Went back to it a bit later to try again, no luck, but the entire tool was hot!
 Awesome and pretty accurate
 Great gun easy to use fairly priced..
 Nice product.  Easy to use.  Seems pretty accurate.
 I use this everyday it work great no complaint so far.
 Seems to be very accurate. I use it for may different things I need an idea of the temperature.
 I bought this to measure temperature on Kydex when heating it with a heat gun.  It's also great for measuring temperatures in rooms.  For the price I recommend getting one.
 great product. I already own one and bought this one as a gift. She loved it!
 Handy, easy to read for the lay person.  I live in a senior community and have had water temperature Problems.  Verbal comments that water was not hot, lacks verification which has been achieved with this device.  It even works to verify temperature of menu items served in Dining Room; and that is truly beneficial.
 idk how accurate it is, but i feels great in the hand and the backlit lcd screen is very bright and easy to read and is just great.
 Works great!!!
 I bought this item to use while making soap.  I love it!  It’s quick, easy, and gets the job done.
 easy to use, works as expected.
 VERY limited distance!  Totally off from only 15 feet away.  I purchased this to measure air conditioning and room temperatures in a church.  Unless I am right underneath the air register, the temperature just shows the ambient air temperature.
 Works perfectly and dog thinks it’s fun too.
 Great value, good quality, used in home inspections.
 does it's job,, this just monitors surface temps so won't get you an internal temp, but that is what we purchased it for so far it is working good so 5 stars it gets.
 Awesome and a lot of fun
 Works very well.  I tested against a the best kitchen thermometer  (Thermapen) and it was dead on.  Works just as well close up and far away.  Nice tool for the kitchen.
 seems to work well
 Works good for checking the temperature of melt and pour soaps when doing layering and embeds.
 All functions work. Feels solid, beefy even for a little guy. Blue backlight works perfectly and buttons feel ok.
 Nice nice gauge I mostly check meat in the BarBQ  or just check wall temps for fun.
 Just as described
 Was not expecting the small compact size, but was pleasantly surprised by it! Fits great onto my gear bag and so far performs just as advertised!
 I can't measure the accuracy, but the ease of use is excellent and it seems to be accurate as near as I can tell subjectively.
 Very handy for making sure mu skillet is as hot as I want for my steak addiction.
 Gave as a gift to my 9 year old grandson -- -he loves it!!!
 I point this at anything just for fun. Use it on my tea in the morning. Water comes out hot a 178 degrees. It needs to cool down to 133 before I'm not burning my tongue. Instead of sipping and trying it every so often, I just point and wait.
 Works as advertised!
 Good product.
 this is an incredible tool. well worth the few dollars it cost
 Work's Great 👍
 After less than a week and 3 times to use, the digital display has broken. Probably just a bad unit - returning and will order another. While it worked I loved it. Used it on cooking surfaces to the house to find poorly insulated areas.
 Very good product. Accurate and fast response to change.<br/>Seem durable too.
 Works great for the price.
 Great product for price!
 Used it in home to find where the drywall wasn't sealed in the attic or insulation wasn't covering portions of my home. Works great!
 I use this temperature gun to see the temperature differences around the house to focus where insulation needs are.  It feels well made, I like the color and how it turns on via the trigger.
 Exterior case seems heavy duty. Like the laser pointer option.
 Operates exactly as advertised and based on limited use so far it appears to be sufficiently accurate.Fits well in the hand andt he lighted screen is very readable. Bought it to get the operating temps of the tires and wheel bearings on my hybrid travel trailer. I haven't had a chance to take those readings yet. Will do a follow-up if needed  after those readings.
 Works well.  I use it all the time to keep an eye on the central a/c.  Also great to check the temp of the pool.
 First, red light is a most excellent pet toy. Second, item is accurate and fast. Nice backlight option if needed.  Very pleased and arrived early.
 Helps me when I have to heat things to a specific temp. Does what it's supposed to perfectly. No problems!
 Does the job you would expect a budget device to do. Costs about 1/8th of the expensive ones, and performs well enough for the my needs. The margin of error is probably a few degrees, which isn't the precision some people need, but it works fine for around-the-house tasks.
 Great thermometer for the price. From my tests it seems to be accurate within a couple degrees. Well made. Cant imagine getting anything better for $12.
 Very accurate!
 I bought it for my dad who loves toys like this. It's now strictly used for the lazer which confuses the dog and entertains us all.
 Really happy after 6 months of use.. Gives accurate sidewall temps of my trailer tires and saved me a blowout due to tire under inflation..
 I use this for food safety at our factory. Does the job at a bargain.<br/><br/>I purchased four of these and after a year of use only one of them has lost a bit of accuracy
 Item was DOA.  Tried multiple batteries without success.  Lost opportunity to return for replacement due to UPS store holding package and not scanning.  Shame on me for not checking the tracking.  Item will end up in the trash, waste of $17.
 This infrared is very light and exactly what I am used to. I am a pastry chef, chocolatier, and confectioner so I depend on good quality thermometers quite often. This is a good thermometer, and it's very accurate as well. Not to mention the back light cones in real handy when you have dim lighting in your kitchen and are in a rush. You will not be sorry for buying it!
 Great little temp gun, works amazingly. Never had any problems with it.
 Accurate for my needs and easy to use. I bought this for making pizzas on my charcoal smoker/mini pizza oven. Works great, and I know what the temp is instantly!
 Works good
 definitely will come in handy for Thanksgiving
 Worked as expected...
 Love this product, very accurate and helps keep my temperatures in check for my reptiles. I have had it for a few weeks, use daily for a couple minutes, still have a lot of battery left.
 both a toy and a useful device, we like to check things out around the house. For that, this is a lot of fun.
 Got this for rv fridge. Easy to use and honestly kind of fun to use as well. Very accurate!
 I love this thing! Very accurate compared to other thermometers I own. I use it mostly for cooking and to see how much heat electronics give off. Tip for cooking - don't put it too close or it will read the steam temp not the surface temp.
 Boy, I use this for everything from taking the water temperature in my Koi pond to reading how well my chicken is cooked.  It is easy to read and easy to handle.
 It works pretty good. Sometimes the laser doesn't turn on. If I remove battery and put back in, it works normal again. Does fairly well on the temp accuracy.
 5 stars
 Does the job and nothing trucky about it
 Had this for 3 months.  Been checking the temperature of my cast iron pans before adding the meat to sear.  Quickly, and easily tells me when the pan is 400-500 degrees.
 Simple Summary:<br/>Accurate<br/>Easy to use<br/>Quality isn't bad<br/>Good for checking your AC temp is cooling or heating enough or checking the temp of your coffee.
 Awesome
 This has absolutely no real use for me other than being fun.  Okay, I suppose it's useful now that it's getting hot and I can monitor the AC temp.
 Works as a great heat gun, I mostly use it to plat with my cat using the laser when I dont need to see how hot something is
 very helpul
 Fabulous idea. My son uses this quite a few times a week. He just loves it.
 This is a must-have for the kitchen. More accurate than oven thermometers and essential on the griddle.
 I bought this to use with my reptiles and I was so impressed with the quality. whatever the purpose, this is a great option. the quality is above and beyond the price.
 Nice product for price.  Has a soft grip and very easy to use.  Does not feel cheap.  Unable to assess accuracy.
 Who doesn't want to just check the temperature of everything around them:  From your own forehead to the soup that you microwaved and everything in between!  Originally, I got this to check simple cooking temps and the basking/cool spot for our reptiles but the optional laser spot temp reader also makes for a great cat toy in a pinch.  I'm currently pleased with this.
 Hugely helpful when my AC stopped cooling - I was able to tell the property manager exactly what the temp was.  Also fun to play with.
 Performs as expected. Better than anticipated. A little smaller and lighter than expected but works well.
 DOES THE JOB!
 Laser only works some of the time. Wouldn't recommend.
 No problems
 I've been measuring the temperature of many things with this thermometer that is always on slickdeals as a deal. It's pretty awesome, does its job well enough. Now I know the flame on my stove is 650 degrees F.
 Great add for summer
 Lightweight, fast response, great price.  This unit really helps to determine the temperature of the pan, especially for grilling steaks and hamburgers.
 Once you have one, you find a way to use it on all kinds of things.  Super handy gadget.
 Used to measure the heat of my catalytic converters to determine which one had failed. Worked great. Also used it to measure the cooling output of my central air conditioning, and the insulation effectiveness in my attic.
 I've used three different oven thermometers and all gave me different readings. This gave me a very good reading that made sense. It's also great for checking the temp of a frying pan
 Appears to work as described. Just received today.<br/>Will need to use a little bit more before I am convinced it operates a described.
 so far so good
 Does what i need it to do. Quickly and easily.
 Love this thing! I use it for cooking and candle making! I've even checked the accuracy against other thermometers and it's rarely off by more than 2 or degrees
 Working good.
 It is not precise instrument. I hope for control a meats temperature but it is very different result.
 Husbands old one broke so found this on Amazon and the price was awesome!  Very handy and works great!
 works ok, does what I need it to do.
 Works decent for the price.
 I use this for melt and pour soaping. I don't know how I ever went without this! Works perfectly!
 Great surface temp probe
 this thing is so awesome. This only measures external temperature and won't tell you when your food is cooked.<br/><br/>It will tell you when your pan or oil is at the right temperature.  You can get the perfect sear on your steaks with this.
 Simple to use and highly accurate. I used these to diagnose AC issues. Shoot the laser at your ceiling, and then at your AC vents. You want to see about a 20 degree difference. If the vent is putting out cold enough air, you know you have a problem. If it is, the problem lies elsewhere. This is the first step the AC guy does when you call him BTW.<br/><br/>Also great for cooking, I'll check the frying pan before putting something in.<br/><br/>I'm also quite fond of cold....COLD....drinks. So I like to put my cokes or beers in the freezer for a short while to give them a little COLD boost. On a hot summer's day, a coke that's in a pre-slushy state can be quite refreshing. Until now I had to have a guessing game of when it was ready. As any teenage will tell you, if you leave a coke in the freezer for too long it will freeze solid and the can or bottle can bust.<br/><br/>Now, I can check the precise temperature and I've turned it into a science. By using the laser thermometer I can tell the exact state of my cold drinks and now I know exactly how many minutes they need. So I set a timer, then confirm the temperature.<br/><br/>Maybe you don't obsess over cold drinks the way I do. How about this then....you come home from the grocery store with warm drinks that were on the shelf. But the boys are coming over to watch the big game, or that cute girl is coming over for some chilled white wine. Now you can toss everything in the freezer and get it cooled to perfection in no time. Your friends will love you, that cute girl will still give you the cold shoulder, but it'll be because of your lame jokes not your warm beer.<br/><br/>Oh yeah, and cats love these.
 Happy
 I have not really used the unit in a work environment but I've tried it to see if it was working out of the box and it did so far. The unit is very compact and the display is clear. The controls are simple to use. I'm sure this unit will serve me for a long time. I'm very satisfied so far.
 Works well.
 Been wanting one of these for a long time, works great!
 Very useful.
 Works excellently to within a few degrees, great for projects and so on. However, laser beam must be pointed *slightly above* the target to accurately read temperature. Aside from that, great product!
 Instant and accurate temp reading anywhere. It works great
 Great price and includes diff settings for whatever you need it for.  Celsius or Fahrenheit.  With or without laser.  Lighted screen or without.<br/>Works great and sturdy built.
 suprized at how accurate this is
 very happy with my order
 The shipping was extremely fast. It seems durable I haven’t used it much yet, but for the couple times I have it seems great! Thank you
 Great buy!
 Good
 Used to measure temperature (cool air) coming out of air vents. Worked exactly as I had hoped.
 My husband is a bee keeper and whenever the honey has crystalized, he has to re-warm in a warm water bath.  With this gadget, he can measure the temperature of the honey/water to make sure it isn't too hot and he can get it to just the right temp.  He loves this thing!
 good job
 Very easy to use and very  accurate!
 Works exactly as expected.  Build quality is good and temperature is highly accurate.  Instructions are clear and the device is easy to use.
 Awesome thanks
 Works as advertised.  Bought for my flat top cooker and my cast iron pan.  Great device at a great price.
 I needed to know what temps things in my freezer were. This worked great for that. Haven't tried on stove, but I'm sure it would work for ascertaining those temps as well.
 I use a gas stove and a variety off different type cooking pans( aluminum, steel clad, copper which cause me to I aways had problem cooking at too high a temperature or too low a temperature. Now I use this tool to tell me what the temperature of the pan is.  Works great.
 Great product
 Use it every day in making my CP Soap.  Works great znd very accurate.
 Great product works great very accurate
 IF I EVERY LEARN HOW TO USE IT.
 Easy and accurate very satisfied
 Accurate. Beats my other name brand that cost twice as much.
 Nice non-contact thermometer.  Does what I want it to do - no problems yet.  Can't see paying twice as much (or more).  Will update review if unit fails to meet expectations.
 Works great!
 Looks well built and sturdy. Easy to use. The readings on liquids are a little diferent from a conventional thermometer.
 Eh... I want to like it but it doesn't really work that great with the things advertise in the description.
 Great price for a great product.  So convenient!
 Works well, makes you wanna walk around the house and measure everything :)
 fired right up, very accurate.  Fast shipping, strong packaging and battery was included!
 Works good, when the battery doesn't come loose, battery lid also doesn't seem to close or secure completely.
 Works as expected
 Great stocking stuffer
 Use for finding heat coming in in summer and for cooking
 Reads ok at room temperatures, but about 30 degrees high at 350 degrees.  Bought this for screen printing oven temperatures.  Disappointed can' t seem to reach etekcity by phone or email to find out what to do.
 Excellent!!!
 ok
 Woulda been 5 stars if the 9v battery that came with it wasn't dead...
 Handy dandy.
 Just received this today and used it all over the house and I love it. What a product.
 Very good. Happy with this purchase
 It's a lot of fun to shoot this thing at stuff and get its surface temperature. When you get bored with that, the laser is the best cat toy.
 Purchased to regulate a leopard gecko habitat.<br/><br/>Perfect for this application, as you can not only take the temperature of the tank, but the actual lizard.
 Works as instructed. Tells the temperature of what the laser is shooting. I use it to see if the A/C ducts are shooting out cold air or not. It let me know that I had a leak in one duct because the temperature of that air was a lot hotter than the other rooms in the house. I also use it around the edges of windows to see where I need to fill in air leaks. Mind you I am using this in a 78 degree house when it is 105 outside in Central Texas. I'm sure it would work in reverse for up north.<br/>Now the reason I bought it is to see how hot the Dutch Oven is when we go camping. Dutch Oven's need to be around 350 to 400F and this lets me know exactly what is going on. I can move my pot in and out of the coals without burning the contents. It has saved some dinners from burning over the campfire.<br/>I take the battery out after I am done using it so it doesn't accidentally turn on when stored and run it down.
 Never knew how useful this gadget would be and it's a great item
 great
 Works great, easy to use, and seems to be accurate.
 works great!
 Good deal - my husband enjoys using this to see what temp we are dealing with
 Works good, was a little off on temp but close enough for science class.
 Great Thanks
 Not as reliable as my oven digital thermometer.....
 It came ready to use. Easy to operate. Temperature readout in degrees F or C. Compact and I like the rubberized handle.
 Absolutely great accurate product, I'm happy with it and I highly recommend.
 Purchased for my HVAC husband to bring him into the 21st century as he was using old thermometer. Great deal! Easy to use, had fun playing with the cat too.
 These little hand-held work so well. Best for burn prevention. Thank you,
 Item works as expected and easy to use.
 It didn't work. Right out of the package the temperature was way way off. It kept saying stuff like my freezer was like 95 degrees which was wrong according to the frozen food it in. I returned it. I would not recommend buying it. Go to home depot and find one in the storethav you can make sure works.
 Very easy to use
 love it
 I like this product so far. it came on time. I like te fact that It has a blue lighted display for nigh or dark places.
 nice! Works good !<br/>Nice feel to it!
 Bang for the buck.
 Easy to use, accurate in readings, battery last long time. My dogs love chasing the laser when I am done.
 Awesome!
 Does what it is supposed to and at a great price.  Does not feel cheap either.  Nice features and blue illumination.
 Did not seem it have very steady readings the numbers fluctuate drastically so you can get a good idea of how hot something is but nothing exact
 pretty acurate
 The only thing I had do change was the battery everything else was perfect
 A total life saver. Bought this one-day shipping to diagnose dead fridge. Arrived at 9pm and fridge is working again today.<br/>What a relief!  Fast, convenient.
 Tried it out on a few items and seemed to work well.  Have not had a chance yet to check things out on my motorhome but that is where it is going.
 Its accurate and easy to use.
 Works great for purpose and entertains the pets and kids.
 The range lasers are genius. I recommend!
 fast delivery and as promised
 This has turned out to be a very handy tool for me. I mainly use it to measure the temp under my heat lamps when I am brooding chicks.  It fires up quickly and gives you a temp right now. The laser point is very handy and it has a good range.  For what I want it to do this is a 5 star product and it saves me a lot of guess work.
 Purchased this because I was having AC troubles at home. I had borrowed a neighbors prior to getting tbis one. His was a Craftsman. There was a 5° discrepancy between the two. I placed a traditional thermometer in the AC supply vent and found it matched this unit not the Craftsman. I would recommend this.
 Good value.
 What a fun tool.So useful, you'll use it in conditions you never thought of. At Amazons price, I wouldn't think twice about buying it.
 works well
 I use this to check the temperature on my pizza stone.  Very cool tool.  Simple to use, and affordable.
 I find this to be very accurate when used on surfaces its made for.
 i think we've scanned just about everything in the house haha. it's accurate and easy to use, and it also doubles as a badass cat laser.
 I did not think a thermal thermometer in this price range would be worth it but this tool exceeded my expectations. It workes as well as other devices that cost many times more.
 I do not need any fancy features and buttons for just testing temperature, that is why I like this model because it is simple, uses 9v battery and best of all not expensive (I paid under $14). Unless you need something that has to read higher than 700 degrees F, this is a good product. I use mine for monitoring Nitro RC engine temperatures.
 Very useful in the kitchen when I'm preheating my cast iron cookware.
 at times  very efffective
 I use this to measure the temperature on the fluid bag I use for the cat. It works very well.
 Does well, appears to be accurate as I tested different surface with different thermometers. Easy and fast readings, so far very satisfied.
 Seems to be very accurate . I compared to a digital temperature probe I have and results were much the same.  Great Product for the price, even came with the 9 volt battery ~ $4.00 savings.  Txs
 The one I received heated up around the battery and discharged it in a very short time. Thank you Amazon for making the return of this item so easy!
 What an awesome kitchen tool. I don't know how I survived without it.
 So far I have no complaints. The temperature reading seems relatively accurate, and it does what I need it to do. I usually only use it for cooking to measure the temperature of a cooking surface. I'm happy as long as it doesn't break or die prematurely.
 I've tested it by measuring the temperature of several things around the house and it appears to work fine.
 Dual laser pointer is awesome,very accurate (I have tried it on a simple experiment and it reads exactly a100 degrees celsius when water boils!)
 Great gadget for geek cooks. Once you have it You start to record the temperature of everything around you, when it comes to cooking It's super convenient and practical. Just point and shoot.
 awesome
 Works great. More uses than I can think of.
 works, what more I need it to do
 Point and shoot; works every time. Not to be used around policemen.
 I have had several of these non-contact temperature sensors over the years, and this one works as good or better than all the others, but for much less money!
 Great product! Works perfectly!
 Accurate. Better than some for more money.
 I'm not sure how accurate it is, but, this is my second unit (gave the first to my dad), and so far, we're both happy with it.
 I have no real need for this item, but it sure is fun.  I have found some cold spots in my house, I'm not sure of the accuracy, but I'm sure it's relatively accurate.  Again, it's just fun.
 I used this to find cold spots on the ceiling/upper walls in several rooms where insulation is probably thin.  Well worth the money.
 Oops, wrong item,<br/>This is a great item, super easy, and many uses.the more I use it the more I find.
 Great product.  If anyone ever did any cooking that called for water etc. at a certain temperature this is a perfect product
 👌👌👌👌
 Great item at very reasonable price.  Good quality and spot on accuracy.
 works great, very true that it does not work on people or animals, works perfect for walls and figuring out where heat is being lost.
 Super cool, I use it all the time now
 Very quick and easy to use.  I keep it handy and use it for knowing when my skillets are ready to accept my steaks and chops.
 It gives me an accurate reading of my reptiles enclosure so that I can adjust the tank accordingly.
 Excellent product at an excellent price, I have used it in my greenhouse, to check the true oven temperature, weatherizing the house and so many other random uses.
 Item was as stated in the ad.Item arrived on time and without any damage.
 Cool little optical thermometer. Works great.
 Good value, works well. Good purchase.
 I just LOVE this thing. My wife and I made candy gifts for christmas and it was better than any candy thermometer I have ever seen or used.
 I use it for taking temps when i make soap. Sturdy enough for my kids to play with it as a laser pointer too. the cat also approves.
 Works fine, +- a degree. I would have given it 5 stars, but the battery that came with my unit was dead. I've installed my own battery and now I'm using it all the time.
 Probably the best 10$ I have ever spent impulsively. I have had an endless amount of fun with this little gadget since it came in the mail. Also the laser pointer shoots SO FAR!
 Very disappointed. I was told this is the best kind of thermometer to get especially with little ones and it CONSTANTLY ranges at a "normal" temperature of 89°f-92°f. Not happy with product at all.
 Very nice and sturdy. Use it for chocolate tempering and cooking in general
 Does what it's supposed to. I DEFINITELY wouldn't trust in in clear liquids, or around steam, but that's just what comes with non-contact thermometers. For hard surfaces, it works great.
 very easy to use
 Works great!! And so far accurate to 2 degrees. Don't see why the bad reviews
 Awesome product, best for the price.
 does not work on crome - my coffe machine
 Great for determining temperatures of things or driving the dog insane. We mostly use it for that.
 Never thought I'd need one of these but for the price it was hard not to buy one. Now I use it everyday to monitor the temp of my fermenting kombucha.
 Quality is very poor. Reading are all over the board, most not even close. It came with a battery, that was dead. The battery connector was also made very cheap, and I could barely insert my own 9-volt battery. I could deal with that, but couldn't deal with the poor functioning.
 Not as accurate as I thought it was going to be, but close,it's light weight and the led back ground light is helpful
 Stopped my wife and daughter from complaining about the source of the draft/cold. They laughed when I fit this, now they use it all the time.
 Very easy to use and accurate reading.
 Compare this to $100 1 and they were both the same temperature one degree
 Works great! Calibrated within 1°. Very please with my purchase.
 Seemed to be a quality build but temps at least 5 degrees off.
 Piece of garbage.I don't even think this thing was accurate the first day I got it; Constantly fluctuates when holding at an object and if I check something, wait a few seconds, then try again, the reading is different, sometimes by as much as 10 degrees. I don't trust this thing at all.
 Thermometer is nice but inaccurate. It reads boiling water at 200 degrees not 210 , human temples at 93 degrees not 98. Its a neat gadget not a useful tool.
 I remember when these 1st came out, I used to sell them for $150.00 ea. Customers loved the innovation.
 Reading is accurate and good price.
 Got this to read the temperature of my stainless steel cookware so I know when to add the oil and ingredients. It is so much fun to just point it and find the temperature of things around the house.
 It works great.  I use it to measure engine temp while I get my temp gauge fixed on my truck.  Good for welding, cooking, whatever.  The cats love the laser pointer too.
 Early impressions are positive.
 Easy to use!
 Work related
 Es un producto muy práctico para las preparaciones que requieren horno y el termostato no funciona perfectamente. Lo recomiendo mucho
 Not super accurate, but it's pretty darn close
 Shows surface temp, not too good for cooking internal meats.
 performs as expected. Have used it for checking oven temp while cooking, but also to check temp of the water at the gym. works well.
 It didn't work from the beginning.  I sent it back.
 Very accurate and well made.
 Got it as a gift for my husband and he loved it.
 Very good unit, I use it most for grill readings and spot checking interior of home.
 Works great
 Had to return.No light. Didnt keep long enough for opinion.
 So far so good. My only complaint is - the 9v battery that it shipped with didn't last long at all. It lasted a week or two.
 GREAT
 Works great and seems to be very accurate. A real bargain.
 When it works it works well! However after the first couple of days seems to be not as accurate!
 VERY GOOD
 This was a item for my husband and he really love it.
 Bought it for my dad and he loves it
 okay
 This temp gun was better than I expected. Perfect small size, ergonomic grip, straight forward controls. Only recommendation I have is to improve the instructions on how to get the wires out of the way when you are putting the battery in for the first time. But I figured it out quickly. Accurate and fast readings.
 Inexpensive, but seems pretty accurate and very easy to use.
 Greek for telling the temperature around apartments
 Easy to use
 Okay, I actually knew before I bought it since I tried someone else's thermo gun.  And, it's addicting!  I've checked every window, door, entryway in my house to find pockets of cold that I can fix.  It's -12 degrees now in Minnesota, so it's important to keep warm!
 I've been using this for 2 months now and am very pleased.  It's easy to use and gives very consistent temperature readings.
 Great for testing frying oil and other liquids temperatures.  Fun to play with, too.
 A/C work
 Planning on using this for a cooking and candy thermometer. So far so good works well for checking the surface temperature of foods. I even used it to test my oven and grill temperature.
 Works great no issues and the price was great
 The price was good shipping was great and the product was way better then I had expected. Great product.
 I needed this to check skin temperature during laser treatments.  Quick, accurate, reliable.  I needed to assure a 10 - 12 degree temperature increase on the surface of the skin.
 Great handheld  Makes my HVAC  work a lot easier.
 lower temp reading range than I expected but still works great
 Works, makes life in the kitchen somewhat easier.  Also great for teasing cats and puppies.
 First time using this type of thermometer and it works fantastically. Great for my lotion and soap making!
 I like it
 Buyer Beware!! This thermometer died after three months of very light, occasional use. Don't repeat my mistake by buying this piece of junk. Save your money instead.
 Does just what it's supposed to and not expensive.
 Accuracy is close to perfect, though as with all non-contact thermometers you have to know what you're doing. Using it for my pet care, mainly reptiles and amphibians, so you know I want it to be accurate, and I couldn't be happier.
 USE FOR CONTROLLING OUR TORTOISE HABITAT TEMP.
 Wonderful little tool.  The craftsmanship is wonderful and its operation is simple.  Triple A producted!
 Does exactly what it says it will do.
 works good
 Is a gift.
 Fun lil toy, not really used it as often as I had hoped. But I'm keeping it none the less. A man needs a laser for his victims (grilling subjects)
 Purchased this to test ac temp! It worked just like the heavy duty industrial one the ac guy used for a fraction of the cost!
 Inexpensive and works great. Even use the laser pointer to play with my dog occasionally. We've made steaks, ribs, you name it but this helps ys get it perfect every time.
 Works great each and every time, as intended.
 I initially bought another more expensive brand but I had to return it because it overheated and went non-functional. I was reluctant to try another laser thermometer but gave this less expensive one a try. Well, over one year later, I can say my husband I absolutely love this tool. We primarily use it around our wood stove, especially to make sure we're not overheating the wall behind it, which should not be more than 115F + ambient room temperature (ex/ 75F ambient + 115, should be &lt;190F). We're able to check the temperatures around the ceiling area and various parts of rooms to verify air circulation and heat distribution, which would not be easy with other types of thermometers. I also use it when heating milk to make yogurt, and it's so much easier and quicker than using a dipping thermometer and I don't need to clean one after use. We love ours, and we'll certainly get another one if it ever breaks down. I've noticed that it's most accurate to use after it had adjusted to the ambient temperature for a while where it's used. It also makes an excellent occasional cat/dog laser toy!
 Great
 My main reason to order this is to check my water heater vent system, my metal vent pipe is very hot I couldn't even touch it and this lasergrip 774 read 70 degree, I'm disappointed but it works on other things I pointed at.
 Great price, quality instrument
 Works ok but you have to be within a foot for it to show accurate results. Sometimes I have to hold the trigger down a couple secs too get temps to  adjust.
 Love this!
 Use for soap making.  Love it so far
 Great product
 Using it to see where I have excessive heat coming into the house - works great.
 Love it, its is simply awesome, works and is as described !  you cant go wrong in this product, in my opinion. FACT I would buy again
 works well
 Handy for many purposes. Unit seems pretty accurate.
 Great value, works great
 Cheap, works great.
 This is a great infrared thermometer.  I have been building/flying model aircraft for over 15 years.  I use this often to check motor and battery temperatures.  Very handy and extremely easy to use!
 As promised, performs exactly as expected.
 Easy to use right out of the box
 It was exactly as described and extremely timely delivery
 As described.  Easy to check temps in various parts of the house and pool temp.
 Very easy to understand and use.  Find it extremely affordable.  Would recommend.
 Haven't had to use for any dogs in cars - but just in case.  Works great.
 Great Price and works well.
 Product works great. I'm an aircraft mechanic so any tools I buy like this have to be tested to see if they are calibrated right. It passed no problem. Nice that it has Celsius and Fahrenheit as well.  etekcity sent an email giving me details on how to use it more efficient as well so great customer service as well.
 Love this product
 Exactly what I was looking for.  Works perfectly.
 I saw this or something like this at lows and checked out Amazon it was cheaper all good but the best part it works great I went around our old drafty house and if you hold down the trigger like going around a door the temp will change. Great for air leaks and checking if the fridge temp checking the oven if something is overheating without running the risk of touching it. Another great thing the cats love it
 Have no idea if this thing is accurate or not, but it turns on and makes numbers on the display.
 I've used it a few times for simple projects and for what I did it serves the purpose.  I can't attest to the accuracy as I was just looking for heat<br/>source.
 I bought this gun to monitor the temperature of my bearded dragons terrarium, as dial thermometers are unreliable. It is a great device, accurate with an easily readable screen. It has the added benefit of being a laser pointer for my cats to play with. Ha!
 My tenant was complaining of too much heat in her apartment.  I bought this to take a reading of the floors, walls, and ceiling.  I couldn't believe that the ceiling temp in her living room was 121.  We tried venting the roof with fans and added more soffit vents.  Still too hot!  Only after some serious investigation did we realize that her grandson turned on the radiant floor heat (which I didn't know existed).  Disconnected the thermostat and everything cooled down.  This gadget works well.
 Not as useful as I'd hoped. You cannot measure the temp of your heating skillet because of the reflectivity of the metal.
 Isn't 100% accurate and is off by a couple degrees but good for an estimate.
 Works as advertise. Easy to use.
 I've had this for a week and I have to say, its a really nice product. It feels good in my hands and as far as I can tell, works good.
 Very accurate
 The screen was cracked when I opened the package. Not worth sending back since my son needed it that day for a science fair project. The device works fine and was delivered on time.
 grabage does not measure the temperature accurately - no way near. I wanted to measure my 80% furnace flue pipe temperature when is kick in the burner. I tried this temp gun and it was telling me the flow pipe is at 73F while I knew by touch that it was way much higher than that b/c i was not able to touch w/o getting skin burn / blister. Don't buy.
 I use it for cooking, home improvements, and other tasks where I dont have the patience to use a metal probe thermometer. (It will even take the temperature of the inside of your mouth. I am at 98.4 F
 Nice for checking difference in temps around house, temps on motors, vehicle temps etc.  Fast, easy to use.
 Cheap, but easy to use and quite accurate. Easy to find out where you're experiencing heat loss.
 inexpensive easy to use and works as expected
 Works exactly as advertised. I've been using it to check wall temperatures around my newly installed wood stove so the stated +/- few degrees of accuracy don't bother me any. If I needed something more precise I would spend a little bit more.
 Extremely fast delivery!  Received the unit in 14hrs!  Very impressive.  Unit works as designed; easy to use, light weight and very handy around the house.  Thank you!
 Ive had this for one day. So far it works as stated.  Seems to be good quality.  No stars for battery and durability as I stated I've only had it a day.
 Really cool item with a 0.5 second response time.
 Works great for a budget infrared thermometer. This came in very handy when I was working on my HVAC system.
 Awesome!  Cool device, great transaction, arrived on a Sunday (Prime).  I know the temperature of everything in my house now including my dogs, LCD screens, stove top etc.  I'm addicted LOL....
 Works great.  Easy to understand.  The battery compartment has rubber top &amp; bottom  that you  need to compress to get the battery in. I've measured my kitchen, my wife and my cat.
 Works as expected. Used product to measure meat temperature while cooking.
 Very nice reads excellent
 Works as advertised. Point and shoot functionality works great.
 Works great ,great price!
 fun, but my friends don't like me telling them if they are hot, or not.
 Good it works
 I really enjoy this product.  Sometimes I think I'm having a hot flash... No this room is too freaking hot.  How much cooler is my living room from my bedroom?  What do you mean your room is hotter? Where's my Lasergrip? Lol.
 Stopped working after five months
 works great to measure the temp of pizza oven!
 Seems ok but a little inconsistent. Easy to use and has comfortable grip.
 Works great. Easy to use. Its fun to just measure the temp of random things. Like it so far and seems to be accurate.
 Works great.  Pretty accurate
 Product just as described, I would do business again =)
 Works well for a variety of purposes
 No more cooking food in a pan that's too hot, or not hot enough. I use it whenever I'm cooking, which is often.
 Good!
 Pretty awesome, especially for the price! Intuitive to use. Accuracy feels pretty good. Walk around the house a you can see how poorly or well each room holds and loses heat. Nice that it shops with a battery as well.
 I make a lot of yogurt at home. So, I have to keep the milk at certain temperature before pouring it into a yogurt maker. This thermometer helps me out a lot. It takes me 2 seconds to measure a temperature with this product. Would definitely recommend it.
 You can't beat the price on this thing.  I have found so many creative ways to use this great product.
 Fun but not for measuring fevers in sleeping kids
 I bought this as a novelty because it was inexpensive and on sale.  It works as advertised.  The seller emailed me (unsolicited) after the purchase and sent me some tips to use it, which I thought was nice.  Overall a good purchase and experience.
 Very cool little add on for my tool box. This product is awesome and work very well.
 Great gift for family. I purchased them after reading reviews with an understanding of the expected temperature resolution. They're happy.
 Works as expected.
 Works great. 1/3 the cost of higher end units but functions the same.
 While recently cooking a recipe where I had to keep an ingredient an exact temperature in the oven for 10 minutes, I was able to open the oven door every few minutes and quickly check that it was the right temperature.
 This unit does a great job at measuring temp fast.<br/>I even measured my fish tanks through the glass and it compared with the internal thermometers in the tanks.<br/>I have to admit though  that red dot moving around drove the fish and the cats crazy.  Be careful.
 It is right on target for temp
 Arrived on time and works great
 excellent
 Works as advertised.
 Handy for temp checking, I use it on the Semi for checking product temperatures.
 work like it suppose to
 great product at a great price. It seems fairly accurate and reliable. highly recommended.
 Good product and good service.
 I absolutely love it!!!
 Excellent product
 Easy and functional. Good product.
 works great
 Very useful for spotting air leaks around doors, windows and recepticles. Very useful and accurate too for the money.
 Works well to check temp of running motors.
 The laser grip detects the temperature of duct from Furnace / Central Air Systems without any issues.  The units are pretty accurate.  You will not go wrong purchasing it.
 Works great -- had no IDEA how much fun my husband &amp; teenager would have with it! ;P
 Works ok.
 This is a great tool to quickly check the temperature of anything.  I like how I can just point it in the oven to check the temperature without reaching in.  Looking for to summer to see how it works in the BBQ grill
 This is super cool. I bought it to monitor the wood stove. Now I find  a lot of uses working on cars &amp; trucks.
 Helped confirm my catalytic converter was still good. You have to get close as possible though and take multiple measurements
 I bought this for my husband.  He loves gadgets and tools.  He is impressed by the  quality of the item.  He's been measuring the temperature of everything in the house, haha!
 No idea how accurate it really is but its helpful. Found 2 cold spots in my house. Hard to aim at anything smaller than a few inches wide.
 Accurate, easy to use.
 Works great!
 Works well, but not the most accurate. Hope it's accurate enough for me to use...
 This is a great item to have for barbecuing and grilling. My food has come out amazing with this tool.
 I keep this by my microwave oven to check foods I reheat. I works well and appears to provide readings that are very accurate.
 Great for checking the temps of foods cooking in my solar Grill. Hard to know how accurate it is without another probe. Great for teasing cat too!
 It works as advertised. Simple. It would be better if it had a peak option where you can scan over an area and it shows the highest temp
 I purchased on April 11, 2018, 4 months later it no longer works even replaced the battery thinking that may be the issue.Poor quality. Do not recommend
 Very slick little tool. Durable &amp; easy to use.
 Nice.  As depicted in ad
 Very good, accurate at measuring surface and water temperature. I use it to measure the temperature of my turtle tank and it works. The water temperature is actually a few degrees higher than my heater setting. I checked with boiling water which is the correct temperature. As an aside, my juvenile cat loves to chase the laser. So it is multi-functional.
 Exactly what I needed!  Very easy to get started with included battery.  It gives a quick, accurate temp reading from a distance.
 Once I got this I started going all over my house measuring the temperature of everything! Its great. you should totally buy one.
 Great
 High quality, accurate and not too expensive.
 does the trick
 The unit looks and feels great in your hand and seems to function just fine. I don't know about the emissivity setting but I assume that it works. But the dual lasers, though cool, are silly and useless. Like every otherher laser thermometer, it's good to maximum of 14 inches distance. At that dstance, you don't need two lasers to place the spot. At a distance it would be useful, but at 5 feet the circle of detection  is entirely outside the circle of the lasers. The seller says it's good to 14 inches, and somehow the two lasers or  are helpful at that distance. How?
 For the price a terrific product. Works as described.
 It doesn't work
 This thing is pretty awesome! The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is that I potentially could have gotten it a bunch cheaper. If you look at the various listings for infrared thermometer there are many that are similar for cheaper.<br/>With that out of the way this thing works great! Even though I mentioned you can probably get the same one cheaper (just a different color/stickers) I would get the Etekcity one again. I used mine to test the air temperature difference between the out and return on my air conditioning system in my home. Basically the home was not cooling well and I used this to determine that it was in deed not blowing air as cold as it should. The numbers vary depending on the source, but from what I have read the ideal temperature difference between the return and the out is 14-20 degrees Fahrenheit. Mine was only at 10 so I ended up calling my HVAC person. I would definitely recommend this to others as it probably saved me money. You can also use it to see if you have poor insulation or leaks in windows. Useful tool and the laser pointer is a plus.
 Love it
 The temperature still reads but for some reason, the laser beam stopped working.  I'm not sure I'd recommend at this particular time.
 Love this. It is easy to use and was very reasonably priced.
 tested in oven &amp; within 2 degrees as it states
 Wonderful tool for soil and canopy temp!
 Great tool for the price
 This gadget works excellent. It even seems to work better than the high cost temperature gun in the datacenter that I work at. For $15, it's a steal!
 Perfect for cooking!
 This is spot on for temps.
 Works great to find out my stove oven temperature which proved to be very little variance in the oven temp.
 fast delivery, works great really don't know why I didn't get one of these years ago
 Handy device for those queries wanting to know the temperature. Many uses around the house!
 kitchen must have
 Fun to use. So many uses.
 This item far exceeded my expectations and is a great bang for your buck!
 For the price, its great. I question its accuracy. I get a range of different temps when measuring the same thing multiple times. Its good for what I bought it for.
 Helps me choose coldest beer and coolest spot for my lawn chair, Works great.
 Most comfortable cat toy laser ever. Never used for cooking. Oh well.
 For things not people.
 Working good
 Measure temp without walk close to the subject.  So good
 Easy to use and very accurate
 works great to check skillet temps on electric skillet.  Would buy again.
 This product was a second purchase.  We were so pleased with the first one that we purchased the second one as a gift to a relative.
 Seems to do the job.  It is most accurate at distances of about 1 to 2 feet.
 Very functional.
 Used it many times for cooking  but look forward to using it for my soap making.  Great price and great quality product.
 This gun is very accurate and made monitoring temperature a much easier task. I highly recommend.
 found air leaks that never knew existed, a must for every home trying to seal cold air leaks
 It works well enough, ended up getting a more expensive one for better readings.
 Love this Thermometer.  It is very easy to use.
 Works great..
 Using for testing soap temperatures, easy use and very easy to read. Definitely worth the money.
 Quick, accurate and very simple to use.  I also like the auto-off feature.
 Works as it should, simple to use, and good price!
 Reasonably accurate.
 Works great - helps tremendously with soap making.
 Works great, great price
 What did I ever do with out this. And I have not broken it. I am very hard on things. Seems very accurate. Have used on A/C, Auto, Marine, pool, hot tub, thermostat testing, cooking and so much more . Just buy the darn thing.
 Great product
 So far so good it seems to work very well
 Works great
 Arrived with a crack on the screen. It seems to be working, and I don't want to be bothered with returing so I will keep it. Too bad.
 Also works as a laser pointer.  I can point this thing down the block!  Adult use only!  Bought on a whim, but serves many uses including checking your house for air leaks.
 good product
 Nice and accurate
 Nicely made and works well
 Husband is able to see accurate temps and show customers the 20 degree split they're getting.
 I love it! Works as described, and it's so easy to use.
 Works great just as described and at a great price
 very good!
 It works great!!
 Works great and very useful
 Priced right and pretty accurate for basic temperature readings of just about anything you need.
 Good thermometer
 It's not hyper accurate.  It's within a few degrees, and varies sometimes wildly.  But hey, it's cheap.
 This is absolutely perfect for making soap at home.
 I have total satisfaction ------I know where to insulate in my house.
 You can't beat this price, it does the job and does it well for this price range product.<br/>The numbers fluctuate a lot by 1 or 2 degrees even when holding steady on a steady surface. so it's not 100% accurate but gives you a good idea.
 Nice price, nice product.
 I use this temp gun for my reptile enclosures. I love the laser pointer feature and the screen light on/off function. Works like a charm!
 I like it,works for me on the oven or for deep frying!
 Huge time saver! It instantly reads temperature. I use it for candle making and I love it!!!! :)
 Muy bien
 This is really a great product,
 My experience was that this device provides a rough estimate of temperature, however readings not consistent, and did not agree with a scientific calibrated thermometer.
 use often works just fine.
 Great!
 Works as advertised so far.
 My husband loves it! Our cat loves the laser pointer too.  Ha, Ha.  Good value.
 Fantastic tool for the money!!!
 Not the greatest but worth it
 The units works great, very accurate, easy to use.  Delivery was on time.  I was using it to measure the heat of the ashphalt or cement.
 Very simple to use.
 Works as described! Fast read out. 100% satisfied.
 Work as expected.
 I bought the temperature sensor to test my stovetop temp, worried it might be to hot for surrounding cabinets.  Since then I look at read outs of the street, sidewalk, all for my dogs foot comfort, even wall temperature behind applicance.  Love it !!!!
 Works perfectly as long as you know the emissivity of whatever you're pointing it at
 seems to work alright had to remore  rubber piece out of battery compartment to get battery in the compartment
 works great, great price
 ok
 Great for testing the right temperature of food and and art and photo projects.
 Works well for me
 It's simple and it works, what more could you ask for?
 Very user friendly.  Good product at a great price.
 Works fine. Would buy again.
 Perfect. Temp is pretty much identical to my thermometer. I use it to test HVAC vents.
 love it
 Works great, seems to read a lot of different surfaces accurately.  Well constructed.  Will get more for gifts.
 Works great and was cheap
 Used this product for almost 2 weeks before problems started.<br/>At first, I thought the battery was going dead. Then I noticed smoke coming from it.
 Outstanding product, easy to use, very accurate.
 Does a decent reading.  I cant verify it but it is within an acceptable range.
 Great Product
 My new favorite toy! It registers the temperature of so many things. Great for finding where cold air is coming in or hot air is escaping. Many uses.
 I bought an Etekcity ETC8380 Infrared thermometer from Amazon a while ago. When I clicked on my order today, the 774 popped up as the same thing.  It NEVER worked right. When my coworker called the company for me they told her to drop it on the floor, that that worked for some other customers. It didn't work for me. When I found it and tried it again today it still doesn't work, but it alternately flashes AL-AH-AL-AH. The laser works, the backlight works, I was just trying to search the site to see what the AL and AH meant, and if anyone has figured out how to fix the thing.<br/><br/>EDIT: After writing the above review, the company wrote to me and apologized for sending a defective unit.  They then sent me a replacement, which I received yesterday.  The replacement appears to work as it should, and so I am changing my review from 1 STAR to 3 STARS (and may change it further if it continues to work well.).
 Perfect for determining temps in places that are difficult to access, nice build quality and a great price.
 Handy tool.  Helped me to resolve source of cold drafts and do a better job in winterizing my house.
 Not sure about the accuracy
 This is a must for accurate temp readings anywhere. Whether you need this for your job or for science.<br/>You cannot get a more accurate reading without infrared - in such an inexpensive handheld.
 great
 This thing is a good deal of fun to mess with. Be warned, you'll be taking temperature readings of everything when you first own it. It's a rather simple device and the spot distance guide imprinted on the side was a nice touch.
 Very good quality thermometer for the price. It is very accurate too.
 Works great - kinda fun to go around checking temps ( watch those eyes people!).
 So far it works really well!
 Versatile and accurate. Use this for a lot of purposes.
 Neat product worked good to verify 2 stroke boat motor cooling properly.
 Works perfectly and seems very well made.
 Excellent product.  Used to determine insulation level in the walls and ceiling.
 I use this all the time at home and work. Need to know what the temp is of food cooking in the oven and don't worry about getting burned! Awesome tool at a great price!
 Good for the price. Using it for cooking and brewing. Nice for brewing to avoid extra sanitizing. It seems to be a degree or two off from my digital and probe thermometers but knowing its  consistently a degree or two low I can adjust for it.
 Great product
 The coolest thing I have bought in a very long time. Within 15 minutes of opening it I knew the temperature of everything in my house.
 I bought this 6 months ago for fun/curiosity and it just helped me verify an underrated dimmer switch in our new house. It's come in handy for odds and ends before that, but this is the first time I ever felt like it was totally worth the purchase. Everyone should have one of these.
 Seems to work good but the accuracy seems to fluctuate.
 just what I needed  works great  thanks
 This is not the item I originally ordered.  The E TC 8390 was ordered but the unit I received was ETC Lasergrip 774.  It works but now I wonder what the differences are!
 Works great for taking temps on my pool and other items. The laser is an added bonus for entertainment with pets!
 Husband loves to use it!
 I love it. This is my second one and its been amazing so far. Great customer service and products!
 works great
 Great price, close enough accuracy to find hot spots!!
 Seems to take accurate temps... i haven't put it up against a high dollar one or anything to calibrate it on. But it's worth the cost
 with a battery included at this price, you can't pass it up. It works well
 Works great and accurate
 I use this for everything--checking the oven temp, baby's bath water, etc. very fun tool to have in the house.
 Very accurate readings and fits perfectly in your hands.
 Has been very informative looking for areas where cold air is sneaking into house!  Obviously I cannot comment on battery life yet.
 not that accurate
 Bought this to help around the house to determine heat lose and see where might need some caulk or some expand a foam.  Worked great and help out a ton to get me ready for winter
 Accurate &amp; fast! I use it for soap making &amp; candle making. It makes it so much easier to check the temperature with this.
 Works Fantastic! Super accurate!
 A+ Great Product.
 For the price this is a good product. It works very well  and I am  very pleased.
 I got it in, took the battery out of the plastic wrapping, plugged it up, and it never would come on
 I bought this on a whim, and well, because it was pretty inexpensive.<br/>I was really surprised at how quickly it responded to different surfaces.<br/>Fun to use, and can even be very practical.
 Seems to work very well and has helped me learn quite a bit about the heat efficiency of various parts of my house. Good battery life and seems to be accurate enough for the casual homeowner looking at heating issues in their house.
 Works just as advertised!  Very useful!
 as described. same one as in picture. works well. 4 stars because sort of cheaply made, otherwise works fine so far. I use it for barbequing and smoking meat.
 Works as advertised. I am in HVAC/R and this works great for most all applications.
 The product works as designed. No issues with that. Worth mentioning -  the actual face plate that illuminates came off when unpacking the item and getting it setup, but it slipped right back into place.
 It works great and I have no problems with it.  I just haven't ended up using it very much.
 Not that accurate.
 Works as described. I bought this to help me gauge temperature on my induction cooktop. It has a sturdy feel to it, and you can't beat the price.
 Works well.
 Multipurpose and use. The kids can check the temperature before getting dress.
 This nicely took care of what I got it for which was to go over the entire house in midsummer and midwinter looking for hot and cold spots respectively. It also is fun to used for random stuff.
 Accurate<br/>Replace with a better battery or take a spare with you<br/>I use it weekly to test temperature on concrete
 I use this when making soap. Saves me so much time  and hassle.
 Does what it's supposed to, price was right and all Around good product
 I love it. Amazing for measuring reptile temps.
 Great money-saving product
 I've never used this for a practical purpose, but boy do I enjoy knowing the temperature of anything and everything.
 Works well. use it a lot
 Great product, works quickly and is so much easier for me!
 Very useful and accurate.<br/>The price is ridiculously low
 works as promised!
 Great little unit. I use it in my trade to monitor temps.  It has good distance which saves me running back and forth to monitor off vents.
 Quick and easy. ow much better can it get ?
 I purchased 14 infrared thermometers and they are being used in a clinical, family-planning environment to assure that the temperature of our disinfectants are held at a minimum reading.  They are fast and accurate as tested by our Manager of Quality.  Delivery time is 2-3 days and I am very satisfied with this piece of equipment.
 Excellent product performs as described very easy to use would definitely recommend it.
 The dial thermometer I had been using for my homebrew was all over the place, and I'd been looking to replace it for some time. After stumbling onto this I figured it was worth a shot, being under $20. But man, it's totally exceeded my expectations.<br/><br/>It might be a degree or two off, but it's phenomenally better than what I was using. I'm able to keep temperatures to a tighter range, and put out better beer as a result. It's only for surface areas (so you should keep your meat thermometers), but it's great for everything else.
 Works great.  Couldn't ask for more especially at this price.
 sweet
 It's easy to use and is very accurate.  I see no reason to purchase a $100 fluke when items like this exist.
 A great little tool for measuring temperature at a reasonable price.<br/>Great to use for Coffee Home Roasting.
 This is a great product for so many things. I use this to cake handmade soap, check the room temperature in various room, as well as, outside. I would buy this again.
 Very handy little device. I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
 accurate measurement
 prefer using oven thermometer
 Good temp gun! Not sure how accurate, but seems legit.
 it's good working.<br/>however, a liquid, or not properly measured.<br/><br/>anyway is good. i like it.
 Brilliant!<br/>I would never have imagined that this infrared thermometer would be as useful as it turned out to be.<br/>I am buying a second one for my country home.
 Love it! It works as described, time and time again. Take the surface temp of anything. Don't however use this for meat!
 Easy to use and so handy for hard to get temps on food
 This gun is my wing man in the kitchen! No more guessing what temperature anything solid is. I call in the thermal fire team and let the gun do the work. Artisanal cast iron frying pan made by Latvian monks hot enough for your Kobe/Wagyu hybrid organic chateaubriand? Who knows?? How was food even cooked without these things??? One trigger pull: BAM! Temperature confirmed. Hands chafed from hulling non-GMO fair trade corn? Let the soft-touch finish of this gun soothe your ashy epidermis. Too many pots and pans from Williams Sonoma on the stove? Laser sighting lets you pinpoint suspect cookware. Never again guess which pot is hot! Bonus: take this to work and hassle facilities people over zone temperatures. Micky D's fries not up to snuff?? Temp gun!! Is your gas station sushi circling the drain??  One zap, salmonella avoided. Unlimited uses for a reasonably priced device which will influence friends and intimidate enemies.
 I’ve been using this as more of an awesome toy to annoy my girlfriend. It works.
 A+
 This thermometer is easy to use and is highly accurate.  It is an excellent item and the price is fantastic.  The seller was prompt, and sent me a very nice follow-up email message to see if I had any questions or problems.  I would buy this item again, if I needed another, and I would definitely use this seller again.
 Great value, what else does this company offer?
 GREATEST DOG AND CAT TOY EVER AND IT TELLS TEMP TOO!!!!!!
 Very accurate, and useful I used all around my house very sturdy and well designed tool
 it looks good can't wait to use it
 Works well and easy to use....look out ghosts!
 Broken on arrival, connections to battery we’re not attached.
 This is a great tool for checking temps of lye water and oil for soaping.  So much easier than using candy thermometers, and it can be done from a distance to avoid the fumes.  Nifty little tool to have.
 Does the trick.  So when you want your searing pan to be 500 degrees before throwing your steak on it.  This serves it's purpose.  Thank you for great product and immediate delivery.
 Quick and accurate. Exactly what is was looking for, and it looks cool, if that's important.
 So far it has done what it was it was advertised to do and I have enjoyed using it.
 It's so easy to pinpoint what surface you're measuring with the red laser. Seems pretty damn accurate and is incredibly simple to use.
 this thing is way to awesome
 Received in timely manner. Good product.
 Works exactly for what I needed it for for half the price of others out there on the market
 I purchased this to check the temperature in my leopard gecko’s enclosure. So disappointed, I’ve owned this for about 2 months and now it’s not working properly. The lasers won’t shut off. I have to take the battery out and I it’s way off what my thermostat is set. Guess I’m buying a new one.
 This thing paid for itself discovering a few drafty spots in my house. Extra bonus points for doubling as an awesome laser cat toy.
 works as expected -- although accurate reading sare not through glass
 Fun gadget to test the temperature of the oven and other things.  Seems to be fairly accurate.
 works just as good as the more expensive ones
 Works perfect for my bearded dragon.
 I really like this digital therometer. It is easy to read and use.
 Not that accurate so that there could be light difference but not that bad. Decent product.
 Accurate to within a few degrees .Easy to use with intuitive and very practical controls.  Rubberized coating over a sturdy plastic  body give it a secure and quality feel.  Great price for a very useful instrument. Highly recommended.
 Works great
 Very accurate
 Great Product
 No issues so far, however I've only used it three times.
 I needed a temperature for humans.  This is poorly advertised.
 Christmas gift - hope he likes it
 great gaget
 Perfect
 Love this I bought it for my boyfriend but find myself using it as much as he does.
 Just what my husband needed to work on our motorhome ac
 Works great and is fun to play with it.  I do find occasional practical uses for it, but mainly it's fun to play with.
 Happy with purchase.
 Works great and amazing value
 good product
 This is an interesting gadget.  Works great.  I would have given it 5 stars but the battery was DOA.  Should have been ~9 volts, measured only about 5.6.  Not even close.  At least that was the simple reason for why it didn't start tight up.
 does what it says
 Excellent! Very simple to operate and works perfectly!
 Great tool for both the garage and kitchen.
 Accurate. Cost effective. Handy. Easy to use. Wow!
 Works as advertised and is very affordable.
 work great
 It is a really good product. Don't be hesitant to buy if you are needing a good digital infrared laser thermometer.
 I like how the temperature adjusts as the laser moves, specifically good for confined spaces for areas out of reach
 This item looks and feels great reads them decent .
 Works good for measuring when my cast iron cookware is up to temp
 Works great. Wow, finds a lot of cold spots in my house. Time to get to work!
 long lasting battery life. accurate
 It's not a toy . . . but it sure feels like one.  Check window drafts, water pipes, oven temp, food temp.  Works very well.
 Use it for everything.  Great for the grill, frying fish, etc.
 What a cool little gadget. I like to measure the heat in my attic. Now I can do it from the pull down staircase opening.
 Bang for the buck this thing is fantastic.  Stop comparing, just buy it.
 I like everything about this Laser Thermometer. It is instant and accurate.  So very easy to use.  Great product.
 Very good thermometer for a low price.  The thermometer seems to quite accurate within one degree of other thermostats around the house. The quality is also quite good, feels like a much more expensive product.
 sorks great and is holding up also seems accurate so far
 Works good. :)
 I bought one for my daughter and  we  had fun checking the temperature of everything in the house.  I had to order one for my husband, too.
 I was skeptical based on the low price, but has worked great so far.
 Love it. Kitchen, shop, or garage.
 Works great ... does as advertised ... no problems with the order .. would highly recommend it
 Perfect for our Russian tortoise
 works perfect and a great price
 love it
 100% on target and so fast, as well as the shipping
 Works like a charm
 We had one of these stolen from our vehicle and my husband wanted another so he must like it!
 Worked great for diagnosing a overheating issue in a vehicle.
 Works great. Was a good price
 works well
 use it to measure grease in my fryer works great fast shipping
 Works great to get a temp. On soap. I'm very happy with it. Fast delivery.
 I was a little worried after reading other reviews of this product. However after using it for various projects it has continued to work as designed. For the price I am quite happy.
 Works great. Have only used it for a couple of weeks and seems to do pretty well.
 works great.  what a wonderful toy, i was running around taking the temp of everything from the dog to my kids mouths.<br/><br/>lots of fun, great price.
 Excellent product!  Works perfectly for candy making - much easier than clipping on a standing thermometer and trying to wash hardening candy off.  Seems to be very accurate.
 I use it on everything, Cast Iron, AC Vents, Laptop, Car Brakes. It just helps to get a general reading and I don't need it to be 100% accurate just  close enough. Great Price and it just works
 Read up on black body radiation to understand the physics behind this device.  Very cool.<br/>Works great.  No complaints.
 great product!! just like it was expected.arrived on time.
 handy for checking a pan to ensure I am not over heating it, can't wait for grilling season to use it with my grill and smoker.
 This is a good tool. Yet there are times when it won't work unless I open the battery compartment and re-shut it. My guess is it's just a irk with the one I have.  When it works, it works fine.
 Works great
 easy to use...
 I use this when I make caramel, A lot easier than the candy thermometer with no mess!
 Fast, easy to read display and very accurate.
 Product is okay for what I'm using it for.
 Remarkable device for only $17.00. Instantaneous temperature readings of the room (with laser off) or the target object (with laser on).
 Way cool toy.<br/>You should get one.
 Absolutely love it, it gives accurate temperature readings.
 Have compared results with other both analog and electronic and this is very consistent.  Very easy and fun to use.
 Amazing product, works perfectly
 simple and easy to use.
 An amazing tool for the kitchen and for grilling! Ever microwave food, and are unable to tell how hot (or still frozen) it is? This solves that problem! Seriously, I'm amazed this is only $15!
 Good seller, I recommend it
 My husband uses it all the  time. Great quality for the price
 I havent used it that much but so far so good
 I am enjoying my laser temp reader. It has been so convenient to use instead of the traditional candy thermometer I used previously for my wax temperatures. It came with batteries and ready to use. Just aim and shoot. Shipping was quick too.
 i love this thing. i use it to check my snake cage temp
 it seem broke, the lazor point light no longer light up, and temp reading display random numbers.<br/>is this normal after less than three months?<br/><br/>return, refund or ?
 Accurate and reliable. Perfect for my snake temps.
 If you have a nerd in your life, get them one of these. Such an awesome toy. Also, it works really well.
 Rubberized exterior is good for factory.  High quality especially considering the price.
 Advanced technology does the job.  Property inspectors use this tool to measure the water temperature of unit that are put up for sale.
 Works as stated. Good for project around the home. I am looking for cold spots in my home. Very handy to have this tool.
 Found all the cold spots and insulated, it has paid for itself 100's of times over its life.
 Verified accuracy with other process thermometers
 Great product I use it in my handyman services checking for air leaks. Working great
 I can shoot up s*** and it'll tell me the exact temperature of stuff. I like it a lot. Pew pew pew pew!
 Works like a charm - this was a must-have for my Blackstone outdoor pizza convection oven!  Prevents burning and ensures a perfect cook.
 For anyone who makes candles or soaps, this is a must have!!!!  Excellent
 I have recently received my Etekcity infrared theremometer and have tested various items with it and it is very accurate. For the price, you can't go wrong.
 For the money don't think you can beat it. Have never verified they actual temperature recordings but it has always indicated what I would consider true temperature differences.Works great as a cat toy too.
 I use this often to check the temperature of my computer to see it's getting too hot. It seems pretty accurate and it very easy to use. I totally recommend it!
 So much easier than a thermometer you have to hold in what ever you are checking. Saves me lots of time.
 Really accurate and you don't have to puncture your meat to get a reading, but the display could be brighter, or maybe my back light doesn't work.
 very good quality!  Recommended .
 Cheap works well.
 Reads the temp within a degree does not include the battery needed to operate
 Works exactly like much more expensive models...fun to play with...I know the temperature of everything in my house ;-). As usual, packaging and shipping were excellent.
 We use this to measure the temperature of our popcorn ball syrup to determine when it gets to hard crack. It works great!
 No more burnt offerings to Ball.
 Works great, I can check the refrigerator temps in a blink of an eye, instead of looking for the thermometer.
 Just put in the batteries, point, and pull the trigger and you'll know what temperature a surface is. I use it to see how hot my pan is when cooking.
 Amazing that this $15 dollar item can do this.  Mine worked perfectly.
 I use these for checking temps while making soaps. Makes life so much easier. They work perfectly.
 perfect
 Works as advertised haven’t had any problems with it. Great for cooking
 ok
 Great price.
 SENT IT TO MY SON.  i ALAREADY HAVE ONE.  USE IT FOR FRYING TEMP, A/C TEMP, DOOR/WINDOW AIR LEAKS.  VERY USEFUL
 accuracy with out a lot of testing, seems to be in the +/- 4-8 F range...easy to use and very functional.
 works great, thank you , nice deal
 Recommended it highly.
 Has worked great!
 I bought this for soaping. But I can see me reaching for this when ever I need a temperature measured.
 Love it all it’s a great product
 awesome!!! i use this to check my ball python's temperature in his cage to make sure everything is ok.
 I bought this as a gift for a beginning soap maker. This product was very easy to use.
 Works great.  Would be nice if the temperature range were a little greater (would like to see negative "infinity" when pointing into a clear night sky) and the tolerance (+/- 2 degrees C) is a little loose, but for 11 bucks it's amazing.  It's especially useful in the kitchen - ever wonder how accurate your oven temperature setting is or how much it varies in different parts of the oven?  Same with the fridge and freezer.  And it happens to be a good laser pointer for meetings too.  I bought one for myself then three more as gifts for friends.
 Good quality. Reading temperature is correct. Included battery not long life. Recommend !
 I was happy to get this quality item for the price.
 Works great for my use
 Product arrived on time and was ready for use as soon as battery was installed. Accurate and easy to use....great product.
 Its great and works well. You won't be disappointed. Find temps everywhere you point it...
 Excellent services and products
 This is a very good thermometer.  It has a good feel and looks professional.  This is a grea deal!
 works great, easy to read, no complaints uptil now.
 It really Works
 Fun to play with..
 Very pleased !!!
 works great
 Laser light stopped working after 9 uses.  Now I don't know if it is correct or not or if it is calculating the temp where I want !<br/><br/>Works well After I put in a new battery.  The battery that comes with it is IN the handle.<br/>Wasn't until I swapped out for a new battery that I found out that the one supplied is shrink wrapped before they put it in.  VERY TIGHTLY SHRINK WRAPPED.<br/>Hope this lasts
 works great for the price. Fun toy....
 Husband loved it
 Works as expected. Seems pretty accurate. Good quality.
 Works great and what a bargain!  Was expecting this to cost a lot more but glad they aren't!
 Good solid feel, I believe is a quality product.
 Have tried this on numerous things.  But can't wait to try it on the PizzaQue Deluxe Grill oven this weekend.  Thanks!
 So far no problems works like it should.
 It works very well and seems to be quite accurate. Handy for finding cold or hot spots around the house.
 Just as described. Would buy again, highly recommend.
 Battery was DOA, but otherwise works great and is accurate too!
 Lightweight, accurate. Laser is really helpful
 Great for the price, seems accurate enough, but not for medical purposes
 Works great for my pizza oven/smoker!
 Delivery – great<br/>Functionality – great!  -accurate.<br/>I got what I wanted, and I got everything I needed.<br/>What more do you need?<br/>I recommended it to my friends
 Excellent
 GOOD PRODUCT, THNAKS
 I never knew that I was frying my food way too hot.  Wish I had purchased it sooner.
 Quite accurate.  Fluctuates.
 Fun, but I am not sure that it has any more value than shining it at a wall
 This thermometer was a pleasant surprise -- it actually works pretty well.  I've been using it for a couple months now, and no complaints so far.  I would say it's ideal for anyone who wants the convenience of an infrared thermometer, but can live without pinpoint accuracy.
 My husband and I have a lot of fun with this. We use it to determine whether or not to open the window and what the surface temperature of our food is. Overall, it's lots of fun for a great price.
 Wonderful tool!
 Excelente!
 Does exactly what it is supposed to do.
 Everybody had a good time with this technology. Great for grill time!
 It may not last long if dropped but it works well
 Useful and cheap. A great tool to add to your toolbox!
 So good
 Works very well so far. I purchased it specifically for a leopard gecko enclosure, but I've found several other uses for it.
 Works well.  Appears to be accurate.  Simple to operate.  Recommended.
 Spot on
 It works like a charm, on water (pool, Jacuzzi) walls. Home air conditioner, duck exit temperature.  It appears it is accurate for any surface.
 Awesome quality for the price. I use this for my reptiles and snake. It is a must for anyone with scaly friends!
 Fun and very usefull
 great for BBQ and brewing
 I love this little gadget! I mainly use it for candle making but it's great for reading many other temperatures too.
 Temp is always 5 degrees off, but my cats love it and for the price I'm not mad
 Works good
 A very good in reading the temperature supply grill
 Does not give an accurate temp read. Pointed at the ground in one spot will say 96 and an inch in either direction will read 106
 What every home based handyman needs and a fair price.
 Accurate and easy to use
 Bought it for wife she loves it
 Good quality for the professional or  home chef who loves to cook this is an excellent tool for the kitchen.  This gives you more control over your cooking temperature.
 This thing is fun husband  shooting  at everything temperature  off just a few degrees
 I got this to check the temperature of my reptile enclosures and they're as accurate as any retail pet thermometer. The price is outstanding for what you get.
 Works great. Helps me a lot on those hard to reach places where there is a straight line of sight.
 5 Stars works great for making candy!
 best cat toy ever.
 Nice gadget for the price
 Love love love my Infrared Thermometer. I use it for my CP soap making and it's been accurate all the time. Highly recommend it.
 Quite good and affordable!
 We can't stop playing with this thing!
 Does not work well.  I should have returned immediately,  but held on to give it a chance...ordering a different brand.
 This product is accurate and affordable! I use this thermometer to observe the surface temperature in my herp setup. I recommend this temperature gun to anyone with similar intentions.
 Good stuff
 Great to have this tool added to my garage. Thanks
 Decent accuracy. Mainly got it to check head temperature on engine.
 It's quick, easy to use, and accurate.  Absolutely a must for measuring ovens, grills, freezers, fridges, and air vents.
 it's 110% worth it...also,can be used for others ways'
 excellent
 Excellent Item and the price are very good, thank you.
 Great instant read thermometer. I use mine for brewing so I don't have to keep sanitizing the thermometer when checking temps when chilling down.
 Good temp gun at a good price.  My 8-year-old is using it to monitor his tortoise enclosure and it has been durable even for him.
 Love it, works great.
 Works great. Easy access battery is included.
 works great
 Ok
 Great advance in reliably measuring cold temperature leaks at home that need fixing!
 works great
 Very accurate...had two others I returned because they were off 3 degrees...This one is perfect!
 This is a cool tool and kind of a fun toy.  It is smaller than I thought it would be but that is actually a plus.  It works and is not a pain to store
 I like this item
 Does a great job.
 Even though it is not accurate at a distance, it does a ok job.
 Very helpful
 Compared readings against much more expensive unit; dead on
 Only downfall was the distance, but overall works so much better than what I had.
 work ok could be better
 excellent.
 Great value. Works perfect.
 Handy little tool!
 I use this product in the kitchen to check temperature s of everything EXCEPT food, for needs internal temperatures not external ones.. works great
 it's nice not to almost fall in the hot tub trying to get water to take a temperature reading!  Not really heavy duty so we have had to replace one but for the price they work well!
 Pretty accurate for my needs and is easy to handle and use
 I use it in the kitchen mostly. Great tool for the price.
 Well made. Easy to use. Definitely would recommend to others. Purchased 3 for my use!
 great device to measure the temperature in my wood fired pizza oven
 Great price and quite accurate.  Fantastic little tool to add to your toolbox.
 Work as advertised
 Works as advertised. Actually, a little better than expected for the cost. You do have to aim carefully at the intended spot to be measued, but not too hard with very little practice. I suspect this is true for the expensive models also.
 Fun to use and useful
 Works as it should
 Great price, extremely accurate.
 Stopped working after a few months
 Works great! Now I can check the baby's temp without having to pause my games!!<br/>Also great to prevent pizza pocket burns!
 Works great - LOVE IT! Instant read for the BBQ.
 Not accurate.
 fun toy to use works. bought this to check oil temp on my Harley works good. :)
 Great product, exactly what i expected..
 easy to use,perform well to my need.
 Use it for my pool and is really accurate when I compare it to my regular thermometer. I'll see if it works on the Thanksgiving turkey.
 Pew pew!
 good product and well made
 How could I resist? Feel like the guys in Myth Busters. Works well and (although I have not verified by external means) seems accurate across from 45 - 550 degrees F.
 I liked that it gives you the percentage of the density
 I like that its not heavy and works just as I need it. Plus its super easy to use.
 This is a neat little device for sure.  It sits comfortably in the hand, and allows you to get a quick surface temperature reading of any nearby object.  I was pretty happy with mine for the first couple of weeks -- up until I dropped it into a pot of water for a just a couple of seconds.  Uh oh - that pretty much killed it.  So don't make that mistake.  The instructions did not say anything about not doing that.  But I probably will re-order one at some point.  Oh, and as other reviewers have pointed out, it can be used as a cat toy.
 Love it!
 Good
 had problem installing the battery very tight fit
 Husband is happy with it!
 works fine
 The product is very handy and it works perfectly. No issues so far.
 Seems to be spot on for temperature, and easy to use.
 I use this thing for everything. Stove top cooking for pan temperatures, AC vent temperature ,anything you can think of.
 Easy to use and has held up well.
 Very easy set-up as it comes with a 9-volt battery. User-friendly!
 Has a very high quality feel to it and works as advertised.
 its all good
 Works great.  Just what I needed.
 So worth it. Great product for cooking and soap making.
 This IR thermometer is cheap, works great, and aside from its practical use is fun to play with.
 I use this for so many applications beyond what is suggested. Works flawlessly and with ease.
 Product received on time. Thermometer is very basic but good value.
 The Etekcity Lasergrip Thermometer met my expectations and is so easy to use.  Very helpful when grilling food.
 Nice Product!!!
 Easy to use. Doesn't come with instructions though.
 Very useful diagnostic tool. Many uses.
 My favorite use for this unit is to test my coffee before I sip.  No more burnt tongue!
 A++
 Very pleased! Using for soap making and its very fast &amp; accurate. Love the digital display. No more standing &amp; holding my old thermometer. I just point &amp; shoot with the Etekcity.
 Well result. Cheap
 Surprisingly I don't use this as much as I thought I would.  It works great, it just doesn't get that much use.
 This unit reports temperatures that are 3 degrees F higher than several other temperature sensors. I have confirmed that this unit is reporting in error.
 Works well for many around the house needs and even helps a bit with some cooking surfaces.
 works great, pretty accurate.<br/><br/>I would of given it 5 stars but the battery area is a tad bit cramped and hard to work with.<br/><br/>definitely worth the money.
 works
 Had to return the first one, but 2nd one works great
 Buen artículo
 Bought this as a gift. We love using these for frying foods!
 Works perfect, using it in my car business
 All good buy this
 Appears to work great and seems like a very good value.
 Really really nice gun, really accurate plus it comes with the battery and it feels and looks really great
 Great product, works great at a price that's fair
 It is all-right for the price
 Very disappointed in this product.  I took it out of the bubble envelope that it came in.  Popped it out of the bubble pack  Put in the battery (included, it was new, wrapped in a little shrink wrap casing).  I bought it for taking the temps of my oils and sodium hydroxide mixtures for soapmaking.  I used it for a total of less than a minute and a half usage time while making a batch of soap, (yes, I timed it).  The 2nd time I used it, (the next day), I went to use it and it wouldn't come on.  I found I had to double click the trigger for it to come on, then it would not stay on fahrenheit, but would go straight to celsius, which I could live with.  But, 1/2 way thru the batch, it went out completely.  I bought a new 9V battery for it, hoping that was the problem.  I was able to use it for about 4 batches of soap.  Today I was setting up a batch and went to take the temp and...nothing.  I removed the battery and plugged it back in,..nothing.  Replaced the battery with a new one.  Nothing.  So, it lasted less than about 15 minutes.  Next time, I'll just pay double for one at Home Depot, so I can just run across town and get it replaced when it goes out.  It's not worth the cost of sending it back.
 Good price. Work very good. Well buy again from them.
 Love it!
 Checked against expensive one at work,  was within 1 deg! Have not used except playing with cats, they like laser pointer! If it lasts , I am real happy with tool.
 fast delivery. item works good and seems to be accurate. easy to read display.
 Works perfectly.  I use it more like a toy than a useful tool, it's so much fun to use.
 Good product good price.
 very accurate.
 Not an accurate temp posted
 Great little gadget!
 excelente calidad
 It does not read accurately
 After one use it stopped working. The battery part got super hot.
 great
 I love the way i can play with my dogs and cats
 Worked very well and the temperature is accurate. It also feels very good in your hands ,very comfortable and well made.
 An awesome tool for soap making!  I can't imagine making soap without it!
 Great tool and a great price! I do not use this gauge daily however I have used it and am very satisfied with it so far.
 For the price it do a good job, also very accurate.
 Ever need to know the temp of something like an engine, vent, cooking on the stove, etc? Well this is for you and it works great and it helped me find places in the house that needed drafts fixed. Recommended
 easy, simple and works well
 Simple to use, fun for getting a ballpark estimate of the temperatures of various objects.
 good quality
 Update a couple years later. Still reading perfect.
 Works great...
 Not sure if it's as accurate as it should be.
 I use it at work all week long. Great item.
 My son loved it for his science fair project
 Awesome product
 can't believe the price.  works great.
 Is accurate
 Awesome price. Bought a similar one from Snap-on and paid MUCH more!
 Works as advertised...I even received a follow-up email from their customer service to see if I had any questions about using the product.
 Great product at a great price !!
 works great every time...  perfect for what I wanted and the price was right
 These work as advertised, pretty accurate.
 Easy to use and accurate enough for what I needed it for
 Accurate and easy to read. Use it for my reptile tanks.
 Works like a charm.
 Fine tool to have at the business.  Been able to walk around and quickly find areas of the building to address for coldness control.  quick and so simple to use.
 works as advertised.
 Works great!  Reads really quick.
 Off by 2 degrees. Though it meets manufacturer specifications, I was really hoping it would be a bit more precise.
 This item does not work.  I bought it as a gift and my return window has closed so I am out of luck. 😩
 Works well &amp; looks good.
 It is a perfect working thermometer. And it gives correct temperatures and stuff.
 Can't beat the price. Works great for what I needed.
 Very easy to use
 I use in a professional kitchen and its wonderful.
 Great product. Priced genuinely. Easy to use and versatile providing both F and C degree display with light ON/OFF for the display to use in the dark as well. Very pleased.
 1/3 the price of the same product that the box stores have
 The only reason I left one star was because of shipping. I tried using this to temper chocolate with, and it was horrible. It was off by ten degrees and when dealing with chocolate one degree can make the difference.
 can measure temperature at distance
 Live in MN and used it to get temp reading around windows, doors, and etc.<br/>Works great!!
 works and cheap...nothing else to say reallly...the temp jumps around alot some times depending on surface or if irregyular heat ...like say a vaporizer heating element lol
 Excellent quality  . Love this product
 So easy to use &amp; so convenient! It's a great tool to have for everyone.  I use it for mainly for soap-making but I point at pretty much anything to read the temp.
 works great , for the low $$
 Works ok
 Very cool to have. It works great.
 Does what I need it to do. Works great so far. I bought it to test the temp of my lotions.
 Great for the price.
 Great unit for the price, accurate.
 Works great!
 I love this gadget<br/>It's works just fine<br/>And of very durable material<br/>The grip is perfect too
 Works great. I use it for measuring heat on my welding surfaces.
 This thing is just plain handy! Whether you use it for truly productive reasons or to satisfy your curiosity, it's easy to use and accurate enough for most applications. Anything but body temperature probably. So surprised that a product like this is available for such a great price!
 Its excelente!!!
 accurate
 Use this a lot.  I like the fact that it doesn't beep.
 works great!!!
 I bought this to check the basking temps for my bearded dragon and it’s worked great, nice and accurate for the price. Definitely reccomend!
 Really helped me to layer my soap
 How did I manage without this?
 works great...I read reviews of others and this is perfect for transistor heatsinks, circuits boards....amateur radio/electronice..and other hobbies.
 A
 Cheap and effective, I find myself using it way more than I imagined.
 Works very well and is built well
 Great thermometer - I use it to check the temperature coming out of the air conditioner vents
 I make home and beauty products, therefore this is a great tool.
 love them
 just what i was looking for and at a good price.
 I use it for temp on my Mr. Beer keg  and it seems accurate.
 I love this gadget!
 Very good operation and You cant beat the price
 Works wll and good price. does not have the laser dot. thats why only 4 stars
 love this item
 It really works great price
 Seems to be pretty accurate
 Works great, accurate enough. Fast readings.<br/><br/>I use this mainly for measuring water temp in a kettle (I brew tea by the gallons)<br/>of course, this is useful for measuring other things' temperatures as well.
 the cat loves it....
 This heat sensor works great for the money, it seems to be made well enough for me.
 This thermometer works very well and the laser pointer makes it easy to aim at the target.
 replacement for my old one. works great
 Exactly as advertised. Arrived quickly.
 This is for food and not for medical purpose
 Excellent
 Performed flawlessly.
 I like the product very well.  Works as it is intended and would recommend to those who need something like this.<br/>No additional comments.
 Nice little gun, it is very accurate and has a feature to display the temp while you move the gun which is handy to see temperature change over a surface.
 Works great.  Now maybe my husband can find all the cold spots in our house and fix them.
 I have been using it for a few month, as needed, and functions as designed... no issues.
 Works as advertised, great value
 I like the ease of use, the light weight and the affordability
 Husband loves it.....
 For the price, you can't beat this thermometer.
 Works great
 simply easy to use
 workes great
 Great product at a great price.
 Love. This. Gun! Excellent response and accuracy for an amazing price. Thank you!
 I bought this for my brother in law to use around the house. It's able to detect the temperature across the room to a very high accuracy, which is what he'd be using it for in a home-repair context. Great price and does what it's supposed to do!
 A++. Very nice products and accurate reading. Highly recommended
 works well
 Its fairly accurate
 Works really well.
 So pleasantly surprised. For the price you cannot beat this product. It is very well-made and I'm very happy with this product.
 Easy to use and fairly accurate.
 Plan to use in my science class.<br/>One of my students brought one in.<br/>I liked it!!! and ordered one
 Works fantastic. Much better than wired thermometer
 Love how much I use this thing!!!!!!! This was a truly AWESOME BUY!!!!!!!
 Works like a charm, no complaints here.
 Very accurate"handy tool
 good deal....not an expensive heavy duty item but don't cost much either.  Works good.
 Does the job ! Great buy
 It does exactly what I expected. I found it very difficult to get the battery instaled.
 great
 This thing is the best!
 Good quality
 now you do not have to with this great product, it is tells the truth and works for many different applications.
 as expected
 fun and easy to use, works great!
 very cool and cheap
 This is cool!
 Works great!
 Always needed one, fits needs of finding temp on nearly all surfaces.
 works great
 Awesome product, my husband absolutely loves it works great.
 Great little instrument to have around. YOU need it.
 Works perfectly! Love it!
 Great product, super easy and fast reading
 Well made ,very accurate, at a great price!
 Works great. Used it it determine which windows around my house have the poorest insulation. Also good for determining once and for all whose hands are the coldest. Interested in test grille temps this summer.
 this works great,i can tell temp of my smoker or grill fast.
 Ordered, used the product a few times then when I went back to use it again it was reading +50* on every read....
 Works well for the price. Easy to use.
 Good, a nice look and good accuracy
 LOVE IT, GREAT PRODUCT
 good product. will buy another one
 I had a small problem with the Lasergrip 1022D that i had purchased and contacted ETEKCITY . they stepped up to the plate and immediately resolved it . Customer service like I received from ETEKCITY is so scarce anymore that I am still in shock !!! It is a pleasure doing business with a company that values its customers . If you are looking for an affordable infrared thermometer with dual laser distance to spot measuring and adjustable emissivity  both very important for accuracy and repeatabillity] , i doubt you will find a better thermometer or company out there .<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Etekcity-Lasergrip-1022D-Non-contact-Digital-Infrared-Thermometer-Dual-Laser-Blue/dp/B01BV0YMH4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Etekcity Lasergrip 1022D Non-contact Digital Infrared Thermometer, Dual Laser, Blue</a>
 Works fine but the glass screen was cracked when I received it in the mail
 use it all the time and no problems at all
 My favorite tor
 Used it to check a catalytic converter. Worked great.
 Great gift idea for adults who like pointing lasers at things and seeing the temp
 I call to question the accuracy of this meter.  I only have limited use of this meter because it does not seem to be that accurate.
 Very simple to operate and never ending useful product.
 Product just as described. Would purchase from this vendor again.
 Seems like a good product.
 Great item.
 great product!
 Although it works, the temperature reading is not accurate. I tried to show my wife what a great tool this is. She took out a heating plate and turned it on and I measured the temperature for her. Both my wife and I thought the temperature reading seemed too low on this instrument (based on putting our hand over the heating plate.. She took out a digital meat thermometer and put it directly on the heating plate. The reading from the digital thermometer was more accurate based on the "feel" of the temperature of the heating plate. I would say that this temperature sensor is low by about 20 degrees when measuring 160 degrees. It seems to measure the temperature fine when pointed at our walls.
 Love this !  Works great.
 We use these to test ground temp when applying salt to parking lots during the winter. We keep them in the trucks.
 Ordered this to avoid the bother of trying to manage keeping a prob thermometer in the proper place to read my frying temps.
 uncoplicated &amp; easy to use
 Seems quite accurate on most surfaces, super fast and feels good in the hand.
 Didn't work
 Amazing product worked way better then expected
 Temperature Accuracy
 still love it.
 Seems to work as intended
 It works very well it's very accurate the closer you are the more accurate it is and it's got a nice backlight that luminaries well
 works good...looks good
 Works great
 This works great! Love just aiming and poof, I see the temp!
 I use it to check the surface temp of the river, works well, easy to read.  The readout also lights up which comes in handy.
 It appears to be very accurate.
 Works as expected and easy to use
 No complaints!!!
 cant beat the cost
 Great
 ok
 Nice nice product! Thanks
 Probably a few degrees off but for what I use it for around the house and automotive work it works great!
 Works as expected, great tool for the money!
 it works great.  I have had it a week now and zap different spots in my pizza ovens and coolers.
 Works great and is very handy to have in my toolbox.
 yay
 Very neat product.
 This is great, very easy to use, and feels very well constructed and comfortable in my hand.
 works as it should
 very good
 Works great.  Appreciated the inclusion of a battery.
 good cat toy as well
 So far so good
 Kids love this, I like it too!  It may be 1 to 1.5 degrees off.  But it works great for less than $20!
 Really does the job.
 Was a gift.
 Works great
 works great, great buy for 16 bucks
 Good tool, use daily and accurate when compared to other one I have on truck. Performs well and auto shutoff is appreciated.
 Did everything I needed it to do and came with a battery.
 Works well love it
 Great all around tool for use in kitchen and workshop.
 Just what the "doctor" ordered!  Jerry
 very good
 Seems to work well
 Lasted 1 day. Waste of money
 Came as advertised and works great.
 Works, no problems so far!
 I am amazed at how much this technology has advanced. I highly recommend this thermometer. Very accurate and consistent.
 dang nice toy for the price.  I use it to work out the dogs, lol, but it accurately measures surface temp as well
 Accurate temperature reading and easy to use
 I bought this to measure the temperatures in my terrariums. It works great and seems fairly accurate. And as a bonus it will definitely help out with sealing up the house with winter coming
 Has many uses around the house. And the price is great.
 Seems to be accurate and very handy.
 Reads high by 2 degrees.
 Everything that I had expected it would be. My dog likes (hates?) the laser pointer too.
 AAAAAAA++++++
 It works, reads temps, has a guide to the ranges of where you are holding the gun, how the temps will read. Cant complain.
 I've had it for a couple of weeks, so far so good. Seems well built and worth the price.
 Works great 👍🏽
 Been using the Etekcity Lasergrip 774 for several months now. Works great! for myself, I now have a way to verify the temperature of oil in a frying pan as well as when I am smoking meats outsite (meat doesn't absorb smoke after about 160 degrees..).<br/>That's pretty much what I use it for. Although I've found myself testing the temps on many other things like computer equipment and electical items as well as the interior temps of small spaces.<br/>Does the same thing as temp readers going for 4 to 6x the price.<br/>I highly recommend!
 Works as expected
 Great buy! Worth every penny
 Fun to use
 Good for price
 Great price and product happy I bought this temp laser.
 Works as advetised
 Works Great
 I use this when brewing home-brew beer. It is very accurate! Well made and sturdy so I know it won't break if I drop it. I highly recommend it.
 works perfectly for not much cost would buy again.
 Works well
 Nice gadget at great price.
 A fun toy that I have yet to find a real purpose. Buy hey, it is fun.
 I'm doubtful as to the accuracy.
 Always wanted one and got a great price through Amazon.  Love the product!! Thank you!!
 According to everything else is works perfectly
 Check how hot my brakes were?
 Bought as a gift for a friend. This is my second one. Works perfectly.
 Works great
 This product sucks. The temperature the thermometer reads is very inconsistent.
 Great Price, quick delivery, exactly as described. Buy with confidence
 works as advertised
 This digital thermometer works as expected; super easy to use and conveniently includes the battery. I gave this 5 stars not just for the product but also their customer service is amazing.
 Arrived quickly.  Works well.
 Works great
 perfect reading and feels very smooth.
 works as advertised
 It does exactly what it says.
 This unit came with a 9 volt battery that was dead. I replaced it with a new battery and now it works fine.
 great wish I had ordered 2
 Fits the hand really nice with a nice feel. Really happy with purchase. Seems to be accurate and consistent. Got email from company checking to see if I was satisfied or if I had any questions. That's always a good thing.
 Appears to function properly for a reasonable price unit.
 I love this life I could do things I couldn't even do before one day I'll just sitting here looking at the sky so I poured this lean up and it was 75 degrees on the ground but 10.4 degrees in the sky that is awesome thanks
 I bought this a few years ago.  I use it occasionally.  Other than having to replace the battery it works great.
 Very nice addition to the kitchen - now we know when the pan is just right for cooking
 Simple and easy to use.
 seems to be accurate &amp; under $15 a great deal. $25 at Harbor Freight with coupon.
 Seems to be pretty accurate.  Can't beat the price.
 Fantastic quality, with a comfortable grip. Fast delivery
 Great product at a great price. Thank you
 This device is awesome<br/>Great product
 Given as a gift for my father and works great.
 Works as advertised.  For $15, what more can you ask for.
 fun toy to play with, addictive to check temps just for the hell of it. I love it!
 Good product fast shipping
 I use this daily, I make soap. This is a wonderful product.
 WORKS GOOD
 My husband and kids have a new toy.
 I use this tool in while cooking/baking....I love this tool it is very helpful
 Appears accurate, works without any problems.
 Reads accurate,
 I bought this specifically for checking the temperatures of my RC car's motor, which it does well with no problems, but it is also fun to just play around with. For $17 it's worth the money just to check how hot (or cold) things are and satisfy your curiosity.
 You're buying a cheap thermo gun. You get what you pay for.<br/>In my case, I just needed to measure "how hot" my water tank is, compared to "how hot" it was an hour ago. For me, this was the perfect way to do so. I did not need precise numbers, but rather a relative comparison.<br/>I did test the gun on some standard, known temperature items. It was not accurate. Read the other reviews to see just exactly how inaccurate it is... but for what it's worth, it DOES work, and it will definitely give you USEFUL readings, even if they are not exact.<br/>(If you want high precision, expect to pay no less than ~$350 for a good, precise gun)
 Easy to use.  Fast readings.
 Pretty much perfect.
 This digital thermometer works very well.
 works just perfect
 Very handy.
 Husband loves it. We use it for soap making.
 gives the wrong temperature
 It is kind of fun to use
 laser stopped working with in two minutes of opening the package.
 works good for a cheap product, It does what  I need it to do, dont gotta spend 60 for a fancy one from home depot
 works great
 Works so good, someone stole it from me. Gonna order another one.
 Love this item. Works well. Very easy and accurate!
 GREAT  PRICE  WORKS  GREAT..
 Not accurate,easily 5 degrees off
 I use this all the time! Saves time and there's no clean-up.
 On ly the gun.  not AS PICTURED..
 Love it.
 very accurate does what it is advertised to do.  Especially use it to check bar-b-que grill and electric griddle to ensure proper temperature for grilling.  Great for checking for cold spots in rooms.  Bought two of them for my sons and they both have nothing but good things to say about them.
 Great product. Sturdy to hold.
 solid and easy to use. perfect
 it works.
 👍
 Nice product
 no issues
 Excellent buy and very fast delivery.
 Works as it should.
 Awesome device. I feel that every man should have one. I use it in the winter to check for drafts inside my rv. The temp readings vary depending on how close you are to the source you are checking. But you learn quickly how to judge distance and reading accuracy.
 For the price? You can't beat it. Works good.
 just the way it is in the description and it is accurate.
 Works just fine no problems at all
 Wonderful item
 Works well, I have used it on the grill several times and is very accurate.  Highly Recomended
 Excellent product and seller!
 Helps a lot with making soap
 Extremely accurate for the price.  (A degree or two off my much more expensive non-contact thermometer.)
 Muy bueno
 Nice
 item as expected and seems to be as advertised.
 works awesome and has a nice texture
 Great value, just not sure of accuracy
 Great product. Perfect for my needs ( I cook/bake a lot and I also make soap) and it is a great tool to have in the kitchen. Works great.
 works great!
 Works great.  Very cool and useful tool.  I'd buy again.
 This gun works better than I thought it would!
 Works good.  Accurate temps received based on other thermometers I have.
 Great and easy to use. I bought it for my baby beardie and it's been SUPER helpful. Highly recommend!
 Not very accurate
 Wife loved it for Christmas!
 This thing is freaking awesome
 Good value and works great
 Works good
 Good product
 The thermometer seems to work well.<br/>The good: It is difficult to find a known heat source to check calibration.  However, in our kitchen oven set at 350 degrees a quality oven thermometer read 352 degrees and the Lasergrip read 348 degrees.<br/>The bad: The Lasergrip has a plastic sheet glued over the display and the operation buttons.  That sheet has the labels for the buttons printed on it.  The plastic sheet came unglued the first day and will not stay on the thermometer because it is warped out of shape.<br/>UPDATE: THE SELLER RESPONDED TO THIS REVIEW VERY COURTEOUSLY AN OFFERED TO REPLACE THE UNIT.  5 STARS FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
 Fun to use.
 works realy good
 Very handy device. I like it a lot.
 Works as described and easy to use.  Just point and trigger.  Instant temperature readings.  Great tool to have around.
 It works fine for testing  temperature of hot oil for perfect frying.  Just what I needed it for.
 excellent product
 Used to temper chocolate and make candies.
 right price , works well
 Fun and easy to use.  Great tool to have around the house.
 It works just fine for want I wanted it for.
 Easy to point and measure.  But the reading is less than stable and reproducible on a great many surfaces.  Good on drywall.
 Kind of ridiculously good for the price. I use it for testing plastisol temps for screen printing and it works great. It feels like a far more expensive item in the hand. My cats also love the laser pointer.
 Works great
 Good little tool for the price
 Easy to set up and use. I bought it to test ceiling and corner temperatures in our home. Showed an area that was short attic insulation. Can't beat it for the price.
 I bought it because I was curious about cold spots in my house. So many other fun and cool things to do with it.
 Quality product accurate
 I use it for measuring temperatures in my reptile tank and it works well .. I consider it a great buy for a great price
 perfect
 works great
 Lo uso para checar los Aires acondicionado
 Excellent product.  I use it in my wine sales business and also to help me bend guitar sides at he proper temperature
 I got this as a "nice addition to my toolkit" and am finding many more uses. Sent with a fresh battery, I was able to use it immediately.
 Work great. Easy to use. Not sure how accurate it is but I bet it's close enough. For the price you can't beat it!
 I bought it for getting the temperature of oils and lye for soap-making, but we use it for everything: checking the temperature of the oven, the fridge, the windows, even the kids!  It works great, but beware, the infrared light is so bright it will hurt your eyes even if they are closed.  (We learned on accident!)
 Works great for soap and lotion making.
 Great bang for the buck. We use it to check ribs and roasts on the smoker, good for a quick temperature check.
 It didn't read right at all.  When I tried it on my Wave2 cooker it didn't read it right.  The Temp. would jump all over the plase.
 Great product and very accurate.
 A good value for a reasonably priced Laser thermometer. Works great and is a handy addition to my work shop.
 Awesome
 Works great for temp checks on wax for candle making.
 easy to use, accurate results
 Works as advertised. Bright, legible screen, ergonomic grip, solid build quality.
 not accurate at all, I think I got a lemon.  :(
 Good item
 My LCD screen was cracked upon arrival
 Superb
 Not accurate
 Excellent product would recommend this to anyone..
 Works great
 Product as described, thank you.
 Great price for great product
 This has proved to be an excellent tool.
 It works fine. Quality vs price is very good
 Works great. Excellent buy for the price.
 Good value
 Yes, met my needs and delivered timely.
 Great for checking fridge, freezer, etc.
 This is an excellent device for detecting temperatures For most purposes, as it appears to be pretty accurate!
 Feels cheap and both that I bought were 5 degrees off or more.
 I've always wanted to get one of these.  The battery casing is a little weak, but it is still a great product.
 Seems to work really well . I can see which ac vents are leaking cold air to the attic by measuring the temp of the ceiling at different distances from the vent.
 Great value for the price. Sturdier than you'd imagine and really handy to have around. I use mine for soap making.
 Bought this as a toy because I can't turn down a good deal on a gadget, but actually using it to find air leaks around windows and doors.
 What a great device.  It comes in handy for more things than I expected.
 can't beat it
 Works as advertised. Seems well made.
 Works well so far.
 As described, shipped fast.
 Works as advertised. Great gun for the money. Great service through Amazon. Would purchase again if needed. Five star rating.
 Works as it should.
 So far testing looks to be very accurate. Love the option to make the laser invisible. Can be switched between C and F for temperature reading. A
 Great for checking the temperature of my pizza stone on the grill.
 great product and very handy. For sure a must buy. I use it for many things and it is very accurate
 GREAT
 great product everybody needs one, fast shipping
 Works great at a great price.
 Love this thing ,comes in handy
 Seems to work ok. Trigger switch sticks sometimes, but no big deal.
 Very accurate.
 thermometer reads around 45degF too high. anyone else have the same problem? who do I contact to get a replacement?
 None
 Shipping was on time but product tempertures was off showing 120 degrees coming out of a/c vents.
 Got this for my Dad for Father's Day. He played with it for HOURS, testing the temperature of just about everything in sight. Even tried to measure a nearby squirl (which didn't work FYI). Great little tool!
 Item as described.
 wonderful
 OUTXPRO Bug Zapper Light Bulb - Mosquito Flying Insects Wasp Moths Killer -  Fell apart only 3 weeks after receiving it. Please replace or refund me.<br/>Thanks<br/>Milan
 good for the bucks ,very similar to the one  Harbor Freight sells
 great
 Not accurate enough for precise measurements
 Came promptly, easy to use
 Way better than I expected. Works great and has great fit and finish
 works.  and is kinda cool.
 It works! Very accurate.
 WHAT A TOOL !!!
 Works good.
 Good product
 Nice toy for cooking.
 Works great
 Love this! Easy to ready n use!
 Use this product everyday to check tires on my semi.
 Easy to use accurate
 excellent product
 Fun toy for Dad...
 Very accurate and easy to use. We check the temperature of baby formula and never went wrong.
 Product arrived on time and operates as advertised.
 cool to play with in the kitchen
 Easy to use and easy to read. Everything I wanted and inexpensive too.
 Very good quality for the price.
 it works as i expected
 All one can say - it works great! pat
 The handle feels very good.
 cool stuff
 excellent working
 excellent, accurate always. bought to check my fish tank temperature.
 EXCELENT
 neat tool
 Easy to use and inexpensive. This is a good product.
 Easy to use.  Important for pizza oven.
 Makes a great husband gadget, he loves it!
 FUN
 Unit works great.  Would buy again.
 Ok
 Good
 hand grip feels so comfortable<br/>3 buttons works great, Celsius to Fahrenheit, laser on off, LCD backlit  on off<br/>a little con is that the laser is like 4 degree off center, it's not important. and for the price I give 5 star
 Use this product for homebrewing and it's perfect. Very accurate!
 Impossible to close the battery compartment after you  put in the 9V. But it works anyway. Can't expect more for $15.
 Works great.
 great item pull the trigger and results are there
 WORKS GREAT
 Excellent product, lots of uses around the house
 love this thermometer! Great price for a good quality thermometer.
 works well. seems like a lot of technology for the price.
 These are so handy.Wonderful.
 Works great
 Wouldn't the thermometer be safe for human temperatures at the temple? Wasn't this is what was used for checking people for Ebola?<br/>R.O.
 Works great!  Very accurate  Easy to use  A/c  Car  You name it
 Works great for my job, thankyou!
 works great.
 This is an easy to use accurate, inexpensive thermometer.  It's also fun to play with!
 Can't tell if its actually accurate or not.
 Great thermometer for the price.
 I purchased 6 of these in the past 2 days for my service technicians and for A couple of my good customers. I operate A hvac/r company and we used to use the $150 Dewalt ones but no longer since I got these.  My service techs are pleased with the way these work. Great item and the dual lasers are A BIG help.
 Better. Than expected
 Great product and great customer service. It is accurate and safe to use. I will recommend this product.
 not precise.  Laser indicator not the location of temp reading.  this is nothing more than a dog toy now. cheap.  now you know why
 Excellent product
 Excellent seller and the item works thoroughly I would recommend it.
 Not meant for body temp and it didn't say that in the description
 I'm very disappointed with this. It appears to be repackaged. The label was cut off the top and no instructions were provided.
 Excellent Quality and easy to use
 Works perfect
 Easy to use.
 Works well. At the right diatance.
 very nice
 measure everything from walls, your body, stoves, bbq grills, deep fryers, concrete, tennis courts, etc.  Easy to use, quality construction, durable.
 Great product and great value!!
 works well
 It seems to work great and seems accurate.
 Works consistently great.
 Perfect for spotting temperature gradients on my snake cages!
 It worked for me determined that my mini split was not working properly, I compared readings with a friend who has one that is quite a bit more expensive and the readings were similar.
 very good product. easy to use. doing the job.
 This was a piece of crap.
 changed battery and now it doesnt work
 Works great.
 i bought this for our RV trip to NOLA. Used it at every stop to check tire and hub temps. Worked great.
 nice item for my troubleshooting bag of tricks. handy to see the different surface temperatures.
 Great for use in kitchen.
 Works great
 As advertised.
 Works great. Great value!
 My husband loves his new toy
 I used the Lasergrip for the first time today for making soap. It was easy to use and awesome. Happy I bought it.
 Only had a few days.  Works great.  Easy set up.  Use it for cooking.  Never had to wonder if my pan is hot enough any more.
 Great Product.
 easy to handle temp easy to see works great
 For the price point less than $17. it's a wonderful deal.  Works as designed and seems very accurate.  Very comfortable feel in the hand when using.
 Easy to use, great battery life.  Pretty fun to use around the house.
 works, fast delivery!
 It sucked it broke after using it for a few days
 Great tool!
 Easy to use and works as advertised.
 AS DESCRIBED
 Brought it camping. ended up measuring how hot the temperature of our skin and inside of our ears are.
 Haven't had any problems. Put the battery in and pull the trigger it tells you the temperature. Pretty  accurate as well.
 Works good only issue is it sometimes takes a couple pulls of the trigger to get it to register the temperature.
 Great quality for the price!
 Simple, fast &amp; accurate readings!
 Great value for price paid, spot on accuracy
 Works Great!
 will work great for my soap making.
 It's ok
 Pretty accurate. I use it quite a bit to check temperatures all around the house
 Its Just like many of the reviews said, it appears to be with in a degree or two of + or -, but great for the price.
 Performs well for the price.
 Works easily and quickly!
 Great product and easy use.
 Great for the price!
 Great Product - We even use it to play with our cat to chase red dot laser.
 Works great and is fun.
 I like this tool !
 I had this product for 4 days, used twice then died. Replaced the battery multiple times and unit will still not turn on. I bought this because of the great reviews so maybe mine was a lemon but I won't be buying another one. Very disappointing!
 Arrived quickly and accurate enough for my needs (basic home kitchen use).
 Good so far, performs as claimed.
 Very handy. Works great. Comfortable in the hand.
 good price
 Works as described!
 love it
 Very handy to have around the house.
 Great value!
 So good
 This is my 2nd one! I love this temp gun very good for keeping up with my tortoise enclosure!
 Works as priced!
 Used as wife's range bag
 Just what I needed. Got it when I needed it. Awesome product!
 Works great, great price!
 Great value! I got this for my wife to use to monitor the temperature of various hot plates she uses in her art work. She is very happy with it.
 works very well.
 Works nicely!!
 A few years ago, I had bought a key-chain model from Harbor Freight for about $12, that couldn't give consistent results.  A Piece of junk, which I lost.<br/><br/>I bought this EtekCity tool because I thought it would be useful.  For measuring temperature, it is a competant tool.  For a few more dollars, it has a lot more features, and seems really accurate.  It exceeded my expectations for such a low cost tool.<br/><br/>But there is different reason I gave this product five stars.  Our family discovered that this tool has a powerful laser pointer.  The laser pointer drives our cat crazy.  The pistol grip shape makes it possible to make the little red fly across the room for 20 minutes or more, before your hand gets cramped.  My wife is able to get our cat airborne with thing.
 works as advertised
 Great product to have around!
 As advertised - excellent operation
 Great
 excellent instrument
 It met all expectations I’m satisfied
 Works really great and fun to play with on these hot summer days
 Arrived on time, and sofar is a quality product
 Works very good for cooking with cast iron and a griddle.
 It has worked flawlessly. Gret product.
 Works good - I am happy with it!
 Accurate, light weight, great for those times when you need to know surface temps.
 Works great!
 Works great for the price
 Got it fast &amp; works great for me !
 Excellent price - perfect for our application!
 Handy and very easy to use! it's a must have.
 it an ok device for the price. it is not completely accurate but it really depend how to use it. so for example if you stick in the oven right when you open the door then of course you will get a higher than normal reading. but if you either stick after the oven has air out a little or dont stick it at all you might get better result. same thing with a grill. it is really useful finding cold spot in the house
 Works great
 Easy to use and a good price
 Works great and it's pretty accurate.
 This item works well. Does what it is intended for. Added benefit works great as a laser pointer and the cat likes it too. I would recommend this product.
 Temperature is not accurate.
 excelent
 Battery included. Works as anticipated, and very far range! super fun to use. Manufactured well, nice grip. Great little buy, highly recommend.
 Works as described. Very easy to use, and very accurate compared to other thermometers. Like the backlight provided and the fact that it even comes with a battery. Can't go wrong with this.
 Why did I wait so long to buy one of these? It is wonderful!
 Good item at a fair price.
 It works really well and very durable. It reads accurate and fast.
 It's cheap, it's fun, it comes with warnings on surface emissivity. Don't expect lab standard quality.
 It works great, but not verified if the temperature shown is accurate.
 great product works real good
 works great for making fudge!
 Thought is was for fevers, my bad
 Takes too long to locate temperature
 Easy to use, consistent results.
 This does what it claims to do. For the price you just can't beat it.
 i liked it
 Almost a fun party favor - but works very well, and is very useful.
 Not accurate at all. Doesn't work. Don't waste your money
 I had a but of trouble connecting the battery, but it is a wonderful thermometer, and haven't had any problems with it.
 Product does actually what is advertised - very accurate. Very manageable size as well. Thanks Etekcity!
 Seems to work well.  Didn't verify the accuracy admittedly but good enough for the stuff I am doing...simply checking on things around the house/cars.
 It stopped working after one use. :(
 Can't say how pleased I am with this unit. Awesome
 Grip feels good, seems to be accurate temp measurements, but the laser doesn't work.
 It's really good for it's price
 It works great, it is what I wanted.
 Great, fun product. Works well.
 Couldn't tell if product works correctly because it arrived with a dead battery. I needed this unit on New Years Eve to measure the stone temp in a wood fired pizza oven. I didn't think of it before, but after pizzas were done I had the idea to raid a smoke alarm for a battery since the gun uses a 9V battery instead of the more common AA or AAA. But then, why go to the garage and drag out a ladder just to steal a battery? So on New Years Day 2018, I have to go out and buy a $6 9V battery which makes my price for this gun + battery $26.<br/><br/>I know this is a minor problem and isn't reflective of the actual gun functionality. But it makes me wonder how long this thing has been sitting on a shelf where the battery could discharge. Has to be well over a year.
 Solid built from the nice hand grip to evenly lit display.
 Seems to work great.  Very consistent readings.
 Easy to use tool, helped me find the hot and cold spots that need to be fixed in my house and cars
 You will measure the temp of things you never knew you would want to know. My dog's butt is 85 degrees.
 Great product
 Simple to operate,well woth the money!
 Very nice for the price and it seems very accurate.
 Finally I know that I am not crazy... our oven thermometer was completely off! So easy to use. Love it.
 Low cost, easy to use, and seems to be pretty accurate
 It doesn't give a proper reading as a probe.
 I've only used it a couple of times seems to be working fine .
 Very happy :)
 works as described
 This has made cooking much easier and safer. I love making candies and custards, both of which need very specific heats to be reached. No cleanup necessary and the laser looks super cool.
 If your looking for a way to measure surface temperature, this is the ticket.
 works great at close distance only
 very nice
 It's alright, changes temp fairly quickly by slight movement.
 Purchased from Amazon.com. Materials and quality seem high, but item failed a few weeks out of warranty. Do not recommend.
 Mustve got a bad unit or something, pointing it an inch away from a light bulb this thing only reads 70c and pointing at computer @ 100% cpu usage which reads 70c in the bios shows only 40c on this junk
 I misread, I thought the range would be further. It is very accurate for the range it is intended for though. Good product
 Works very well!!
 I have no way of confirming how accurate it is but it lets you keep from burning yourself. Have not had it long enough to try it on the grill where I also have a temp. gauge.
 point and shoot
 Works great
 Works really well and it's perfect to use in chocolate tempering.
 Great product especially for the price.
 convenient, easy to use and understand.
 Great product
 Seems to work great. Have not compared it to other thermometer.
 Awesome price, no negative things to say!
 great product!
 grip fits my hand great, quality seams good, works good so far.
 works fine
 Great handy product
 If I could give zero stars, I would. Temperature readings are incorrect, this is worthless. Gauge is between 15-45 degrees off
 It's great
 Great value.
 This is one sweet thermometer. Works great for the grill (and my cat lovers it).
 Validated and works like a charm
 I enter the dark side every time I shoot this awesome infrared laser thermometer gun. It works perfectly.  Enough said.
 Accuracy can be tricky depending on aim.
 Love<br/>It
 works great, exactly what I wanted....
 I could play with this thing all day!!!<br/>Radiators, smokers, hot plates, leaky windows, fridges, freezers, stoves etc etc etc.. its not expensive but its really useful!
 Product delivers as described. Surface temperature readings are accurate.
 Been using it for about a week. So far so good.
 Got an A on my son's science fair project👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾😱
 love it
 LOVE IT!!
 ...and is good enough for cooking.  I use it to test liquids, pan temps, and other things.  Sometimes I shoot it across the room and check peoples temperatures.
 Great
 So far, I have used it to measure the temperature of melting wax to make candles. It appears to work perfectly. Very please with the price. Would recommend to any one.
 Works as advertise. It provides me conveniently to check temperature of boiling fried pants. Really happy about it because I can cook my food correctly
 great value
 I loved it
 The unit arrived promptly and performed exactly as was promised in the product description. I am pleased with my purchase.
 Works great.  I use it all the time to look for leaks in the house, check temps in the fireplace, and to tease the cat (since it has a laser pointer).
 Great product
 Great product at a great price.
 Works great and seems to be pretty accurate. Been using it to measure oil temperature as we fry things.
 Works good use it for work everyday
 The measurements are accurate and the grip is comfortable. The reading updates quickly and the build feels solid. Overall, a great product. With the price, you can't beat it.
 Great product! This product works very effectively in my reptiles cage so I can monitor the temperature.
 Works as intended. Happy happy happy.
 very easy to use and accurate
 Totally awesome and pretty accurate.
 works great
 Couldn't work any better right on it's mark
 This is a must have for any reptile owner! Works amazing!
 It works well for what I use it for
 I like this °t!!! Thanks
 it did not work well when i got it i had to repair it ,but it is working now
 Handy tool. Exactly as advertised.
 Accurate. Bright display. Like that you can toggle the laser on and off. The product itself feels solid and well made.
 This thing worked for only one day. I have to return it. What a waste of my time.
 I love this little gun.  I use it for beer making and it's very helpful to have a no contact thermometer so you don't contaminate a batch.  I've checked it against others and it seems pretty accurate.  Makes brewing so much easier, and it's actually sort of fun to just point and shoot at random stuff.  Not why I purchased this item, but I subsequently found out I have a big heat loss near my attic.  If I fix that, this guy will more than pay for himself.  :)
 It worked fine! Stick with what it promises, the rubberized finish is good, has a good precision and grip is good.
 i'm addicted. i point it at everything. it's great. for the price you can't beat it. I use it to check my homebrew wort temperature and my motorcycle engine/exhaust heat
 Glass acreen was cracked when received.
 like it a lot
 Wonderful product! Use it for everything
 works as advertised
 barely worked for a week then broke
 Works great. For the price. I don't need a commercial tool.
 very useful works well
 Love this, very accurate. Works great so far.
 Arrived just as described. Works great!
 Works as expected.  Great product!
 WORKING LIKE NEW BECAUSE IT IS NEW
 Excellent overall experience. Great product and great customer service!
 Inexpensive, does the job very well. Backlit display is plenty bright enough.
 I like using this product.  It's fantastic.  Accuracy for low temperatures seems low though.
 Works perfectly, and the cat loves it, too!
 Exelent price, work good
 Best investment
 Amazing product
 Very nice unit.
 Works just as they say,,good delivery time also.
 It is perfect for measuring temperatures from a distance.  I use it to measure the temperature of roofs, no one believes that the temperature exceeds 150 degrees.
 Great product, the dog loves the laser feature. It takes fast and accurate readings.
 its perfect for my job.I liked very much
 WORKS FINE FOR MY PIZZA OVEN APPLICATION
 product as advertised. seems good quality.  time will tell on longevity.
 I saw my AC Tech use one of these. Been having issues getting two systems balance. Heck for the cost, it's a no brainer. Point it at just about anything and take a temperature reading. When pointed at both an AC vent and Fresh Air return, you can check to see the difference between delivered cold air and returned recycled air. Should be around 15 degrees. Otherwise your system is not functioning at peak level.
 Very accurate, great for the price as well.
 Easy to use. Will get a lot of use out of this item.
 Works great.
 Great thermometer accurate, practical and well designed.
 Is pretty consistent...  I am using it for a lizard habitat.  Overall I am very happy.
 Works as advertised.
 Very accurate!
 fast and quick results.
 Works perfect.
 Works well.
 good quality, thank you
 Works better than I expected.
 Very accurate and fun to use.
 Nifty little instrument.  So far works just as advertised and expected.
 it ultimately seems like its a couple degrees fahrenheit  off compared most readings I do side by side with a better more exspensive one. it is awesome for the price, and typically 1 or 2 degrees doesn't matter.
 Great product,works as described you definitely cant go wrong for the money.:))
 GR8 item, recommend!!
 Works great.  Delivered in 2 days
 This is awesome I use it every time I bake and even for the eggs. Love this very nice. Great feel and well made.
 Great, easy to use tool.  I use it for lighting, and I am able to measure at heights up to 25 feet.
 very good
 Awesome
 Cool lasergrip. I haven't burned or overcooked anything since I got this.
 Great product!
 Quick and accurate.
 Laser doesn't work. How can you mess up something as simple as the laser?
 Works perfectly. Handy and fun
 Works great, came with a battery.
 Great product for a great price.
 Good quality, best price. I got what I need for work, saved tones of money. Strongly recommended to everyone, especially screen printers
 Very nice technology.  Works well in all instances.
 Bought this as a gift for the man that always seems to know the temperature of everything..
 Unit arrived with battery dead and corroded
 Received it earlier than I expected and it works great!
 Bought it expecting it to just work ok due to the low price. Easy to use, works great. Awesome value for the price.
 This is the first one I've owned and have found it quite useful and accurate. Great buy for the price!
 feels like very good quality.
 The product works as intended and seems to display an accurate temperature. The laser pointer is also helpful with accuracy.
 Working just great. It is easy to find new uses every day.
 for some reason people reviewing this product have not idea how inferred thermometers work. this product works great.
 Garbage.
 BEST bang for the buck. Better and cheaper than  autozone/O'Reilly laser thermometers.
 Good job
 works great
 For this prize is great but if you looking for more pro than look for something else.
 Lazer does not work. Changing battery had no effect. May send back
 Great item......Dont waste your money on higher items...This works just great....Works on refrigeration too...I would recommend...Use it all the time on ovens
 perfect Father's Day gift.....it has become the "guy toys" in the house, my husband and son measure the temperature of everything now.  It is accurate and has turned out to be the favorite gift.  Gonna buy one for all the guys on my Christmas list this year.  Sure to please. I am finding myself hooked on measuring temperatures too.  Useful, easy to use and accurate.
 This works just fine. I purchased it to get the exact temperature of my snakes hot and cold spots. It does just that. I have no way of telling how precise it is, but its more accurate than the digital thermometer I keep in the tank. If you need one, buy it.
 Battery was dead on arrival. Unit works great.
 Works great. No complaints
 Took a little time to get the battery in, but it works as I expected it would.
 This is a very good and well built temperature measuring device.  I have a similar one which I bought for about $125 several years ago.  I bought this one for my daughter who loves to cook.  It is great for measuring temperatures for baking, activating yeast, making rennet custard, etc. where accurate temperatures are essential.  It also has other uses around the house.
 Great temp gun and for the price you can not beat it. I use it for setting up my reptile enclosures and it works great.
 Hard to use and I don't trust the measurement results.<br/><br/>Without a laser light to see what you're measuring, this is very tricky to use.<br/><br/>When I compared it to scientific quality thermometer, this unit was often off by 5-40 degrees Fahrenheit.<br/><br/>Don't waste your money on this.  People buy this because it's cheap, not because it's accurate.
 Perfect and immediate readings.
 Works as advertised.
 It works fine
 Works great! Arrived as expected
 It's good
 , did not get everything that was promised only got one laser
 Nice tool
 Works great, Happy
 Received the Temp. Gun in short order.  It works fine, I would recommend it highly.  Price &amp; shipping were reasonable compared to other choices.
 Love this!!!  Very convenient !!!
 works well for what I need it for around house and auto shop
 Great for my soapmaking. So much easier than trying to read the old fashioned kind.
 Very good.
 Works fast love the light those numbers jump out at ya
 Easy to use.
 Works as advertised
 Super...just what I wanted!
 Very accurate, but it's for external temperature, you still need the regular thermometer.but it is very useful checking surface temp of flat tops, grills etc.
 Bought this based on decent reviews and the need to read oven temperatures on a propane tank oven while living abroad. I unboxed it a week ago to discover the supplied battery had leaked. I replaced it only to discover that the thermometer would not power off automatically as it was supposed to. Naturally, I removed the battery to preserve it but when I reinstalled the battery the thermometer no longer works.<br/><br/>I would return it, but I'm out of the US for another month. Cue the worlds smallest violin.<br/><br/>Buy at your own risk
 I like it - as expected.
 measured an engine that was just running, temperature way off, said it was 102F and i burned my finger. reads my skin as 90F but the wall and other things seem ok. gonna return it, i cant use it if its gonna be so far off. tomorrow i will check it with my oven.
 As expected.
 my daughter love it, she used it for her project, i also used it  at work, my son used it to run around the house with it and check the temp on everything that ran into. It work great for the money.
 Works great and showed up a couple of days after I ordered it.
 Easy to use.
 I find myself picking this thing up just to use the built in laser pointer to play with the cats. They love to chase laser's red point of light all around the room. Did I mention it takes great temperature readings. I have high ceilings and wanted to know the difference in temp. between floor and ceiling after I installed a new space heater. I used it to read temp around doors and windows in winter, measured oven temp, even my daughter when she had a fever. It's a fun handy tool.
 Easy to use an accurate
 it works.
 No matter what I do it won't give an accurate temperature. Keeps reading 45.7°F ..um nope. So disappointed!! :(
 Perfect, excellent product.
 Perfect!
 I have used this item almost everyday  since my purchase love it. For the price it cant be beat.
 poor quality... stopped working... after 3 months... no like you use everyday...
 It's a bit unreliable.  It's fun to play with, but I rarely get accurate results.  I was pretty disappointed.  I cook just about every night (chicken and steak most often) and it has not worked like I wanted it to.  I have been given colder temps when it's done, and warmer temperatures when it's raw.  I would not buy again or recommend.
 Arrived promptly. Works great!
 Very easy to use.
 Helped out a lot when camping and trying to find a good spot to cook in the fire.
 just want I needed. I give it a 4 STAR.<br/>David
 If you need to know the tempreture of that steak on the grill or the cylinder head on your car engine this is the tool for it.  Easy to use and easy to read.
 Easy to use. Accurate within a couple degrees. For the price you really can't do any better.
 Works fine. Great cat toy. Much more powerful laser than regular cat lasers.
 seems to be pretty accurate
 Nice basic infrared thermometer for the money.
 good deal, does a great job
 Works as designed.
 Love it!
 Great tool.  Exactly what I needed to monitor the water temperature in my koi pond.
 Works great. For the money it's worth it.
 Works just fine.
 Works well
 great value for the price
 World as expected.
 My last review was inaccurate.  My nephew opened the package; the product works fine.  I should have investigated more closely.
 It does everything I wanted it to do and then some. Its a very good product and easy to use.
 its great
 Good quality and easy to use.
 works very well
 Awful totally inaccurate 😡
 Works good
 Very pleased
 Good quality, product works great.
 I expected a device that performed decent but made of flemsy parts. What I got was a product that felt sturdy, solid and well built but taking the temperature of the same thing twice would give wildly random results. It kept telling me that the cherry (burning end) of my cigarette was between 22F and 45F. Other things it seemed kinda close on, but the results always varied by 10F or more. I was very disappointed.
 Got this for my pop's for Christmas.  He loves it!!!
 Ordered this to use with soaping. I use it for lots of things I'm cooking. I love it!! Thanks so much.
 Just what I needed and fast shipping
 Easy to use, super cool!
 I use this in my soap making to check temps of lye and oils. I recommend this product
 Ok, I apparently misunderstood the term "non-contact".  I was looking for something to measure the room air temps, not the surfaces of things.  But it does have it's uses, so we will keep it.  It does seem to be pretty accurate.  If you're looking to get surface temps, I definitely recommend it.
 Works as advertised.  You get some surprising results:<br/><br/>If you try to read a temperature through a window, it will read the temperature of the glass, not what you see through it.<br/>If you point it at the sky you get the temperature tens of thousands of feet overhead - very cold - unless there are low clouds.<br/>If you point it at a surface exposed to the sun, it can read very high - like 165F for my asphalt roof tiles.  Shade the same object for a short time and its temperature will drop to show the temperature apart from the solar heating of the surface.
 It works, Try on everything - what I really want is a camera heat detector
 Works great at short or long distances!
 This little gadget is genius! I started out using it for soap and lotion making (temperatures need checked often throughout the process). Then I realized how much easier candy making would be. I'm no longer dipping thermometers in and out of boiling caramel! Just point, pull the trigger, and done. No mess. I love it! A little expensive, but I added it to my amazon shopping cart and waited for it to go on sale! ;)
 Great product for the right price.
 I just received this Monday. Tuesday I opened the package and inserted the battery and squeezed the trigger. The unit came on and the handle became extremely hot. The battery burned up. Inserted a new battery and now it won't turn on. Extremely unhappy and totally displeased with this unit. I will request a refund if it's not replaced immediately  !
 great price/great tool !why spend more?
 Excellent and accurate way to read the external temperature, I use it to determine the temperature of coffee beans during the roasting process.
 This has been fairly accurate for me so far. Quick and easy. Glad I purchased it
 The product worked as advertised for about 3 weeks then the laser stopped working.
 Operates as expected.
 Highly recommend.
 Great for cooking!!
 It works great!
 arrived broken
 Works like a charm. Mainly used in the kitchen, and it has been very handy. Excellent for the price.
 Works great. Tested it on boiling water and registered 210 to 212 degrees.
 easy and simple to use
 Great product for the price.
 I guess I didn't listen to them as this doesn't seem to be of use in measuring body temperature well. That's what I wanted it for so it's not of much use to me. It's very well made and works fine. It's just finding a use for it. At the price I decided to keep it for use with the oven etc.
 Awesome
 comparing to the price this is fantastic as soon as I received it I tried it on different items and it was great I really liked it so much.
 Works well for the price.
 so far so good.
 Maybe I did not use it correctly, but, I found that I would have to keep my oven door open for several seconds, to get a reading. By the time a reading would appear, the oven temperature would drop 50 degrees or more. What's the point? I purchased this to use on my oven. It was returned.
 Works good!
 does a great job
 Very helpful at home.
 I purchased this device a year ago, used it for a couple of times and then stored it in a nice drawer without the battery till I needed it yesterday. Once the battery was in and I tried to power it on a strange burnt smell appeared. The trigger became hot and I immediately took out the battery and inspected it. I'm not versed in electronics but that smell means I won't be using this device anymore. It's a pity that it barely lasted a year.
 very good
 Works like it's supposed too! there is a loss though tested next to a real thermostat the closer you are the more accurate indeed! but this helped in serving my purpose! at least i had a better idea what i needed to do or change for this was invaluable for me!
 Extremely disappointing product. Typically reads 10-15 degrees lower than the actual temperature. I bought this product for home brewing, where exact temperatures are important for mashing.  No matter where I positioned the lasers, the temperature read significantly lower than two other thermometers I was using.  Unable to find information about recalibrating, I've gone back to a manual thermometer. This is no help at all.
 It arrived fast. was happy with my order
 Aesome
 As listed, very satisfied.
 Accuracy is questionable.  Does not work well at all around multiple heat sources. Single sources ( electric panel etc) it's fine. Humidity seems to throw it off too
 good
 I am very pleased with this purchase.
 I love it.
 love it would suggest it to anyone who makes soap
 I don't know how accuate it really is
 I have used this so much in the few months that I have owned it. I have used it to check my radiator temp in my truck to see if there are any cold spots which means a blockage. I have used it to check the HVAC registers in my home to make sure my system is balanced. I have used it to check where the leaks are around my windows and doors. I have used it for checking the temp of my computer internals and lots more. Works great and the price can't be beat. I've seen similar guns go for up to one hundred bones and don't work any better than this one.
 Works Great
 Bought this for the kitchen, because non-stick pans fail if overheated. I just tested this against a lab thermometer, and at 315F it reads 257F. No wonder my pans kept dying even while using this tool.
 Seems reasonably accurate and was a great price.
 Everything was exactly as described. Satisfied with everything
 works as advertised ...
 Works great!
 Great product for what it's cost
 Nice gun! Very good quality for the price
 Very nice handheld digital thermometer.
 it was great gift for a person who has everything
 Works great
 Works fine
 Great product!
 GREAT
 The most important part of a meter of any kind is accuracy. This device has a wide margin of error and its more of a toy than any kind of tool. I will likely return it.
 Nice unit for the price
 good item
 cool gadjet
 Great Product for the price
 works great
 This seems to work very well.  Extremely easy to use.<br/>Planniing on using it more when the grilling season starts.
 I love, love, love this awesome handheld digital temp reader.  It works beautifully and is very accurate.  The price was very reasonable and the shipping was very fast and item was carefully wrapped to prevent damage in shipping.  Highly recommend!
 Works great!
 This is junk!  I don’t understand how there are positive reviews on this.  The Etekcity lasergrip gave false readings that weren’t even close to being accurate!  I’m talking like 20-30 degrees off.  Don’t buy this!  You will waste your money!
 It works, does celcius and farenheit, entertains my cats, and seems pretty durable. It also comes with 9v battery! Gives readings very quickly, and requires not real understanding to use.
 very happy with this product
 great value
 Works as advertised
 Works great. I really like it.
 Nice
 Cheap and works great
 This has helped my job tremendously!
 Sturdy for its price.  I like that it takes a common size battery rather than something weird.  Checked the accuracy against a much higher priced unit and they were only a few degrees apart.  Which one was correct???? your guess.
 Great
 Felt good out of the box, worked well initially, but in short order the unit chewed up batteries in a day even when not in use. After only a few uses, the trigger turned the unit off instead of taking the temperature. Don't recommend this unit.
 Awesome tool
 BEST. THING. EVER.<br/>Best $12.98 I have ever spent. I measured 3 of my co-workers foreheads, every single object on my desk, the inside of my mouth and a fake plant. My co-workers think I'm weird, but I proved them wrong when I guessed the right temperature of my banana. I wish I had an extra $116.82 so I could buy 9 more, I don't need them, but I want them. This thing has brought me so much joy in the 5 minutes I've been using it.
 Everything I expected...Thanks
 When I ordered this I was so excited that I didn't have to wait for the thermometer to read the temperature, well needless to say I'd much rather wait on that than be 30° off
 Works for me.
 Works well.
 Easy to use.
 I have Chameleons and this fantastic Laser lets me keep the temp at 72 where I need too. It appears to be very accurate.
 For the price, you can't go
 Ok for the value...
 Worked 4 times, then wouldn't turn on.  Returned for a refund.
 Great product!
 works real good
 thanks
 This item arrived in less than 2 days!  Even if it hadn't worked (it does) I would have been impressed with Just the delivery time. I am pleased with the apparent quality and workmanship of the thermometer and rarely do I need more accuracy than +\- 2 degrees. The unit is backlit and displays in both F &amp; C plus you have the option of using the laser or not. I think I will enjoy using the thermometer.
 Junk junk junk, bought it to use on a project and didnt need it soon as i bought it, but when i did need it it was so inaccurate i was shocked! what should have read around 220 degrees C showed 34 degrees C! don't waste your money
 Works great and accurate.
 Not bad
 Works just like it was described.<br/>Update:<br/>I just checked on my clones. They are root bound so quick. 9 out of 10 cuttings survived. They had huge healthy looking roots in less than two weeks. Definitely worth the money.
 I bought this to measure the temperature of my coffee pot. But with steam in the pot, this gun doesn't work properly. It is okay without steam like meats on a grill.
 The thermometer functioned as promised the first day, when I received it and tested it out. Several days later, when I actually had to use it for work, it did not come on. I replaced the battery that came with the unit and the thermometer worked only one time (!).<br/><br/>If the unit did not work from the get-go, I'd understand. But only for a day? That's ridiculous. I'm sending it back. I'm incredibly disappointed.
 Completely inaccurate.  Says my skin is 119 Degrees F and my freezer is 62 degrees F.  Hope no one is counting on this as a real thermometer.  If so it will probably show your temp to be over 110 Degrees F.
 Bought it for a meat thermometer and didn't work because it reads the surface temp.  Did not return because I am sure it will come in handy.
 Works great.
 Way off from the right temp.<br/>I am returning it<br/>It would have been a great product if it has a calibration feature.
 Bought it for my dad as a gift. When he got it mom opened it. she thought it was a cat toy due to the red light dot. LOL
 I intended to use this to temper chocolate in the process of making truffles. However, it would not give me a consistent read out  and varied as wildly as 30 degrees Celsius when I tried to measure the temperature of my chocolate. That is definitely not within 2-3 degrees as stated on the package. I tried to take temperatures of several different items in my home (including my own skin) and the value would change each time even if I did not move at all. So, it is neither accurate, nor precise.<br/><br/>Thankfully it was only a test run and my chocolate really did not need to be tempered to give me a great result, however, if I had used my expensive chocolate I would have been very upset.<br/><br/>I realize that for the price I could have lowered my expectations, but the other positive reviews led me to believe it would at least work well enough. Sadly, my search will continue.
 If I could give this zero stars, I would. Highly inaccurate depending on the surface (metal) you measure. Surfaces verified to be 150 degrees, read 92 to 130. Surfaces verified to be 110 read 104 to 138. So and so forth. If you want accuracy, look elsewhere!
 This piece of junk lasted for a month. They won't let me return it b/c I'm 19 days beyond the return window.
 You know you want to play with it.  Or, you know your hubby will want to.  It's not the most accurate one out there but it'll serve it's purpose.  Be sure you understand the purpose though: to entertain the man in your life... and the cats.<br/><br/>In fairness, it seems to give a "Ok.  That sounds about right." reading of most of the things I've aimed it at.  I got it to measure the A/C vent's temperature and it's reading the same as my apartment's maintenance guy's super fancy model.
 I was excited to receive the 774. The thermometer seems to work fine at room and higher temperatures, but when I tried to measure the items in the freezer, I would get a reading of 0 degrees F, or -7 C.  It doesn't make sense. First the freezer is not that cold and secondly, the F and C readings to not correspond.
 Bought this on the open package sale. Would not turn on. second item I bought from the open package sale that didn't work.
 I am rating this @ 5 and have not used it yet as it will be used for temp in outdoor pizza oven and prefer probe instant for meat just my preference
 Seems to measure only surface temp. Was hoping it replace my manual thermometer
 Got this as a gift, handy to check temps without making physical contact.
 Ordered for step-son to try using at his work as a cook.  Works like he envisioned.  He is very pleased.
 It's okay, but it's hard to tell what it's taking the temp of.
 Seems to work OK. Gotta tests it more when I do deep frying.
 Works very well, and is an exceptional deal for less than $20.
 Very nice product at a super price . I recommend for anyone !
 I like the meter but did not last 6 months
 Love it, like others I have gone all around the house checking things.  I got it mainly for the kitchen.
 This thermometer works great and is exactly as described. It's very easy to use the very first time you use it.
 This only measures surface temperature.
 Accurate and efficient - Love it.
 doesn't show you the real temperature
 Works great and seems very durable.
 Works great and is built solid
 never again will i deal with peaple like this .......this why america is like it is
 I'm still using it.
 Works great.  Laser tag is fun
 Easy to use,  fast shipping, accurate.
 Can't go wrong considering the great price I got it for. This is for recreational use mainly, and not something I would count on to give me exact figures, but I'm sure it's not off by more than a couple of degrees.
 Works as advertised.
 Light stop working after a week. Good while it lasted.
 Seems fairly accurate
 Haven t opened it yet.  Gift!
 Christmas gift.  dfletcher
 Difficulty setting up
 I'll take your temp!
 love this item. it is affordable compared to other infrared therometer. IT may be a degree off or two, but i cannot beat the price and it works great.
 Works as advertised
 Perfect
 Works very well
 Very good.
 Works better than expected
 Works great
 I bought this to get a accurate reading of my oven.  On the advise of our appliance repair man.  My husband and myself cannot get a reading on the oven as the readout does not stay consistent.  I goes up and down quickly and doesn't stay still on one reading.
 Works as advertised.
 Works well.
 DO NOT WORK
 Junk. Temperature jumps around randomly within 100 degrees
 This worked very  well!
 I purchased this temperature tester to verify grilled items for proper temps. Sorry but it did not register the temp of the cooking temp. Registered 180 -190 after putting the grilled items on the grill. Not happy with this product.
 I'm a maintenance Tec and for price and accuracy checking bearings I think qualty is good 4 stars nobody gets a 5 nice tool to add to my tool box
 did not work from day one.
 Works as advertised!  Cool features!
 poor description as its not good for human use
 We have found that the temps are off from 2-4 degrees. We have gone back to using a digital thermometer. Maybe a more expensive infrared thermometer would do a better job.
 does not read correct temp when I use it to detect the heat of a pan that I want to cook with I went though 3
 Great temp gun - would recommend it.
 Totally not accurate.
 Nice field of view
 Works well enough.  Screen was cracked when I received it but doesn't hinder the readings.
 Easy to use. Accurate. Addicting.
 This is actually my second 774 infrared thermometer. Its an excellent and reliable product and would recommend it to anyone with mid temperature range  reading needs.
 This product was not what I expected.  Not sure if it is working properly. This first time I have been disappointed with a product from on-line purchase.
 Works great.  Highly recommended.
 Screen came cracked.  Too cheap of product to return/replace.  Still works despite crack.
 It is easy and works great.
 Great
 A cool toy....
 Lazer does not point into right place. Spot where the temperature is taken and where laser points are different. Useless item for me.
 Works as it should. Quick shipping.
 works as advertised !!!
 I bought 2 of these for work and did the ice test and they are 4 degrees off, 4 degrees at only 32f. The higher the temp the farther off they are. I own a fluke infrared temp gun and the ice test was dead on. A couple degrees off is ok at 32 degrees but 7 or 8 at 500 and a bigger difference the higher the temp is no good. Returning both.
 Very easy to use and strong laser beam.
 I compared this reading with a traditional thermometer and everytime there was a difference of 3 -5 def F.
 Not worth my time reviewing. It says my skin temperature is 155 degrees Fahrenheit. and an ice cube is  84 degrees.
 Did not work - wanted a replacement but only choice I was given was to return it!<br/>need more options
 works very good
 If I could give this zero stars, I would.  The temperature reading is off by at least 10 degree! Do NOT buy!
 All good.
 Really seems to be off, taking temp off of my family, they are all 88 degrees which I think is hypothermia or maybe even dead.  With are reading that is realistically off by about 10 degrees, I do not trust what it is telling me.  This one is going back.
 Not sure on how accurate it is?
 This thing worked for about 1 month, and now it reads 70 degrees higher than it should.<br/><br/>There's no way to calibrate these things, but all I seem to find is good reviews.<br/><br/>Maybe I just got a lemon.  Whatever.  I'm still not buying this one again.  It's junk.
 works great nice price
 Junk broken right out of the box
 Works well<br/>Delivered before I expected
 Works great! Love it!
 Don't let this picture confuse you it only give you one of them.
 Etekcity Line of Lasergrip IR Themometers ( 1022D, 800, &amp; 630) compared to Klein IR1000<br/>I am not a Professional HVAC or auto mechanic but I do a lot of work myself on my home and vehicles.. An IR thermometer has many uses<br/>I bought this as a homeowner to verify hot/cold spots around my home. Also to measure temperature differences between my HVAC supply/ return vents. Also will be using it when grilling/smoking or cooking. My son &amp; I like to build PCs and an IR thermometer comes in handy, the more i played with it the more uses i found..I wanted a tool that was moderately priced and performed well for my use.<br/><br/>I decided I would go with Etekcity Line IR thermometer based on Amazon Best seller Etekcity 774 (best seller most reviewed and priced very affordable at $16.88). After researching other Etekcity models I found many different options that offered different ranges, features, and spot/distance ratios up to 16:1 with 12:1 being the higher standard and what most higher end brands have.. spot/distance ratios range from 8:1 to 16:1 in this class of IR tool.<br/>The Model #s of Etekcity do not indicate which models are higher end. Very confusing model numbering, one would think a model # of 800 or 1022 would be a higher end than a 630 or 774. Not the case with Etekcity. Combine this with lack of ability to side by side Compare on Etekcity website or Amazon . So I decided to narrow my options to 3 and test/compare myself.<br/><br/>I compared Etekcity Lasergrips thermometers 1022D, 800, &amp; 630 against one another &amp; with a Klein IR1000. Using spots next to my home thermostat and at fixed distances on specific spots/surfaces.<br/>I will start by saying regardless of which IR thermometer you chose, Etekcity makes excellent products, more impressive was their customer service. I submitted a question to them through Amazon and Etekcity responded within the same day offering to call me , as I had a lot of questions..I was able to immediately open a chat conversation with Etekcity customer reps and they were VERY helpful in explaining to me the advantages / differences in all of their IR thermometers. A lot of higher end IR thermometers in this category are well over $50.00 and do and share the same specs/features &amp; the quality of what I learned with Etekcity products.<br/><br/>Etekcity 1022D- $19.99 Etekcity Lasergrip 1022D Non-contact Digital Infrared Thermometer, Dual Laser, Blue<br/>my first IR from Etekcity: I like the idea of Dual lasers &amp; adjustable emissivity. You cant beat the price compared to same spec higher end products.<br/>Features:<br/>Dual Laser<br/>Emissivity - Adjustable<br/>12:1 Spot ratio<br/>Range: -58℉~1022℉<br/>This compact blue/grey tool looks nice with a bright backbit display and light feel although the lighter feel seemed less solid and a little cheap. The grip also seemed too short and less comfortable than the others. It is the smallest of the Etekcity IR thermometers I tested.<br/>I was not impressed with the accuracy compared to the higher priced Klein IR1000,at times it was 4-5 degrees different.<br/>Originally I had bought the Etekcity 1022 D for the dual lasers and adjustable emissivity. However, it seemed way off compared to a Klein 1000 that i was using as a baseline comparison. even pointing at exact spot next to my thermostat the Klein was consistent closer to my thermostat reading and a desk top thermometer nearby. the 1022D was off by 3-5 degrees sometimes even more. .I liked the back light , Dual lasers and the grip of the 1022D/ however the inconsistency in the measurements even with adjusting emissivity was a deal breaker for me.<br/><br/>Etekcity 800 Lasergrip - $25.98 Etekcity Lasergrip 800 Non-contact Digital Laser IR Infrared Thermometer Temperature Gun, Yellow/Black<br/>Features:<br/>Single Laser<br/>16:1 distance to Spot ratio<br/>Emissivity- FIXED at .95<br/>Range: -58℉ - 1382℉<br/><br/>After a disappointing test of the Etekcity 1022D I read reviews and decided to look at the 800, It features better accuracy at range with a 16:1 distance spot ration. the Etekcity 800 was a much better feeling IR tool , solid feel in the hand and was definitely more accurate, and again compared nicely within tolerance of .+/-of 5 to 2.0 degree different than the Klein and my thermostat. it is a solid tool with good solid performance. The build felt more solid, slightly bigger then the 1022D and seemed to be built better. Features a longer ergo grip. I like the grip on the 800 better than all of the Etekcity devices I tested.. The 800 is very reliable and with in targeted specs. it performed +/- .5 to 2.0 degrees tolerance It is worth the extra $6.00 for the better accuracy and build quality.<br/><br/>*** Etekcity 630 Dual Lasergrip - $29.99 Etekcity Lasergrip 630 Dual Laser Non-contact Digital Infrared Thermometer, Gray and Black<br/>First impression was how it was packaged in a nice solid cardboard box ( unlike the plastic blister packs of the others including the Klein. I can tell more thought &amp; time was put into the 630 model. It felt solid right out of its packaging.<br/>Out of all 3 Etek IR thermometers I tested, the Etekcity 630 is the most feature packed ( menu /setting options) and was very accurate compared among all 3. I was very impressed with the choices on the menu and the functions. The dual laser combined with the 16:1 spot/distance ratio makes this an awesome accurate tool for any home owner. It feels high quality with a  good solid grip and looks nice with the Black/gray detail.<br/>I opened a chat conversation with Etekcity customer reps and they were VERY helpful in explaining to me the advantages / differences in all of their IR thermometers. the 630 is the highest end IR thermometer Etekcity sells and it shows in the performance. The most features, options and in my tests most accurate ( accuracy is negligible between 800 &amp; 630 both are well with in the +/- .5 to 2.0 tolerance)<br/><br/>Features:<br/>Dual laser for better accuracy<br/>16:1 Distance to Spot Ratio<br/>Emissivity: ADJUSTABLE<br/>Range: -58℉~1076℉<br/>Multi function menu options ( MAX/Min temp setting, AVG and Diff/ TD)<br/><br/>I chose the 630 over the 800 mainly due to the extra menu options ( AVG, MAX, MIn , Diff) adjustable emissivity ,and dual laser aside form that the 800 &amp; 630 perform identically.<br/><br/>the 1022D and 774 are priced well at under $20.00 but for more features and higher specs I think one will not go wrong with the Etekcity 800 or Feature rich Etekcity 630.<br/><br/>The price range for these products are all very competitive and for $29.99 the Etekcity 630 is an excellent value that will hold its own against Klein and probably even the brand names used by professionals. with Etekcity customer service I was very happy with my choice.
 Same problem as other reviewers.  New battery, works great, the next day, nothing.  Put in a new battery, works great, next day, nothing.
 dunno. Bought it as a gift.
 Great buy for a gift!
 Battery died quickly and replacement battery of same type wont fit in compartment! I can still use it if I get creative with some foil but that's obviously not very safe
 I ordered this product and had it shipped overseas, only to find out that it doesn't work... The temperature reading is off - way off. I'm very disappointed! I'm so glad that I ordered two different types just in case, and the second one works, so I'm okay for now.
 i have and need several
 No real major use for it, but I enj playing with it.
 It worked great for 3 months and now is not able to give readings. Everything I check has the same temperature. You can only return items for one month, so, there is another reason to look for things at Costco first - they take back just about everything except TVs, phones and cameras after 90 days. One month return policy is a good indicator of quality from the manufacturer's perspective. It is a great price though - if it would have worked for at least 1 or 2 years. CFC....
 Overall it's well designed.  Great features and visual display.  Handy button for disabling the possibly-dangerous laser.<br/><br/>However, I tested it for two days, and the temperatures for my wife and I were consistently off by from 6-8 degrees!  The claimed accuracy of "+- 0.2 degrees" was a far cry from its actual performance.  Okay, maybe I got (and returned) a bad unit.  If it weren't for the terribly inaccurate readings, I'd have loved it.  But what good is a thermometer if it's that far off.
 order two of these and received both of them today. The item came without battery although it was clearly stated that 9v battery included. Very disappointed! now I have to drive out just to get batteries before I can even check them out.
 When I first got this gadget, I really liked it.  It worked very well...for about a week and a half!  Then, all of a sudden everything I tried to measure read "AH".  Oh well, I guess you get what you pay for!
 this is very easy to use, fantastic for the price. i use it to measure grill and pan surfaces, does the job well
 Did not work on grandchild forehead.
 my only complaint is that I have to open the oven to check the temperature - which causes the temperature to drop - rather than being able to read it through the glass door.
 I didn't expect much when I ordered this item, given its low price.  So the obviously shoddy build quality didn't surprise, or bother, me much.  However I did expect it to be useful as a thermometer.  Alas, it is not.  Pointed at my hand, it gives a reading of 109F, yet I am not dying of fever.  Pointed at my fire escape outside it reads 75F - current outdoor temp is 52.<br/><br/>This tool is completely useless.
 The product arrived earlier than expected and works great in assuring my that my shirts are are the correct temperature.
 NOT MEDICAL GRADE!
 Very bad, the reading was not even around the human range
 It wasn't what I thought it to be. I thought it would register internal temperatures of food. It doesn't.
 im in a chocolate class and this is the best way to read the chocolate temp. it really help me out.
 fun idea but I NEVER use it.
 It's a good looking device but the measurements taken are wrong. One simple example: it says that my skin is 91F (which would be hypothermia).
 I tried using this product to measure body temperature and it does not appear to be very accurate.<br/><br/>It is my understanding that the normal body temperature for a healthy individual is between 36.5 to 37.5 degrees celcius and I was getting readings as low at 34 degrees and 32 degrees.<br/><br/>It doesn't snow here in Lagos and it's actually a bit humid at the moment. Either it doesn't work on humans or majority of the people I tested are walking around with Hypothermia in the middle of summer
 This should not be purchased for or used as a body thermometer.  It is inaccurate for that purpose as it constantly shows 90 or 91 instead of 98.6 (or there about).  However, it does seem to be halfway accurate when measuring inanimate objects just not humans or animals.
 I purchased this for clinical only to find out it is not for medical use. Please put that on your product definition. About 3degrees less than normal
 Don't waste you money.  The temp gauge is not correct.  Only reason I'm not returning is because it's a fun toy with the dogs.
 It's ok. Not as good as my<br/>Other.
 It's not quite as accurate as I was hoping for...I pointed it at quite well done chicken for instance and until I cut open the chicken it didn't register the internal temperature. But it works well enough for my purposes and I love that it is dual laser. Also, the cats love it :)
 Maybe I received a defective product or this thermometer was not meant for use on people, but I could not get a body temperature reading of more than 89.2 F with this.
 Apparently my wife and I are zombies. Both our temperatures taken at our stomachs, after lifting  a shirt, measured 85 Fahrenheit. I got the same temperature when I measured exposed arms and face, but I  wanted to make sure the cooler room was not interfering. Had it been a couple degrees off I would keep it, but 13 degrees? I even tried it again the next day to make sure that shipping extremes had disappeared. No help.
 Love product when it works....it does after a week of receiving....I figured it was maybe a bad battery. So I replace the battery with a brand new Duracell and it sits for 2 weeks. Its dead again, but this time a new battery won't even get it working. I'm within 90 days of the purchase and apparently I can't return it or try to replace it. It's a shame because I really liked it when it worked.  I would love a second chance for the seller to make this right and offer a swap / replacement.
 It's a toy.
 I want to follow up on my initial review, as I have had a chance to use this more, and introduce it to my friends who also love it.  I used it to measure the heat loss outside my home and to know where I should apply more insulation.  I also used it to measure my freezer/refrigerator at work and found that it was not adjusted properly; the freezer was only 33 degrees.  We turned that down.  My friend used his to measure his floor and find out where the crawl space insulation needed more work.  I measured my woodstove's heat both outside and inside, and measure my oven temperature on my gas stove.  Measured water temperature at work because I was actually calibrating some very accurate temperature transmitters and wanted to know about how cold the tap water was.  This little thermometer is a hoot.  It was within a degree of the several thousand dollar NIST traceable unit I used to compare it to.<br/>I want to check out my son's purchase of a snow machine and look for exhaust leaks with it.  I can measure my wife's temperature with it just by pointing it at her forehead.  My bosses, one I showed them, got on Amazon and each bought one.  Several people asked me for the link and one guy, who has never shopped online, begged me to buy him one and gave me the money to buy it.  I looked for hot spots in my woodstove pipe which would tell me if thinning or cresote buildup is happening.  I measured the temperature of food from the microwave and toaster with it.  If my kids were not already grown, I would measure the temperature of the food I gave them, their bathwater, etc.  This is the absolutely the best value and the quality rivals units costing 5-10 times as much.  You won't go wrong with it.
 The packaging clearly shows a spot for a 9V battery, but mine was missing. I'll have to update this review once I'm able  to go out and find a new battery, but I'm pretty disappointed at having to do so.
 I thought I was buying a people thermometer.  :(
 Saw the 4 star overall rating and didn't worry about the 1-star reviews that indidcated the product didn't work. Well, mine doesn't work either. I'm out the price of one infrared thermometer and a 9V battery and now I have no idea how the dish sitting on my stove right now is going to turn out. They must be cutting costs because it used to come with a free battery (as indicated on the packaging and the empty battery-shaped space dedicated to it) and now it does not. I wonder if their cost-cutting measures causes their product to fail more often.
 This is the easy way of to take to temperature of your lye or oil(s) that have been mixed.  They have to be within 10 degrees of each. This does the job very well.
 I love this thermometer. It works great and is so easy to use. I wish I had bought one long ago but I didn't know about it until my niece told me. We make cold process soap and this makes things much easier. I love it!
 Unfortunately, the product didn't work.  Installed battery according the instructions, aimed the device at a warm oven, squeezed the trigger and got an 'AL' in the display.  No meaning in the instruction sheet.  Google returned nothing of value.  So it is on its way back to Amazon.
 It's off by about 25 degrees Fahrenheit. I guess once you know that you can make an adjustment in your head each time, but that's hardly what I expected when I bought the product.
 I ordered this several months ago and fell ill shortly there after. I used it once and it worked through one batch of making soap. I changed the battery and it still won't work. I am not a happy customer.
 I purchased this item on a whim, as the one gadget I did  not own is an infrared thermometer. But this little device has proven itself more than a novelty.<br/><br/>As previous reviews have stated, it's not the most professional bit of gear, but it is useful to have around the house. Especially the kitchen (I keep it on my fridge within easy reach). It's ideal for monitoring *external* food or liquid temperatures.<br/><br/>One specific use is when heating liquids like milk or soup. Rather than wait for the liquid to boil, you can actually observe when the liquid reaches the 'ideal' temperature before it's too hot to eat (around 160 to 180 degrees for most people. For children, usually closer to 140 to 150 degrees).<br/><br/>It's very easy to use: point the thermometer at an item, and in a couple seconds the temperature appears. That's it!<br/><br/>The thermometer has three buttons:<br/>1) Fahrenheit/Celsius<br/>2) Laser On/Off<br/>3) LCD back light On/Off<br/><br/>Other uses for the thermometer include, but are not limited to: How hot is your bath? How cold is that drafty corner in your apartment? How warm is your TV screen? Which friend has the coldest nose? And certainly many other uses, if you put your creative mind to it.<br/><br/>You may not *need* a device like this. But once you have it, it will get some use in your life. It's pretty cool! And if all else fails, you can use the laser setting to drive your cats crazy.
 People who claim this is inaccurate are evidently using the kitchen style thermometers with a probe to check it. These are notoriously INACCURATE. Unless you check this against a calibrated temperature sensor you cannot judge its accuracy. However, the physics of infrared detection is very well known and more to be trusted than the cheap probe or hanging oven thermometers. It's accurate by its very nature.<br/><br/>To get CONSISTENT readings with this device you need to measure from the same DISTANCE and on the same SPOT each time or it will give a different average temperature. The further you move away the greater the area it is monitoring.<br/><br/>A good way to use this is to put a rock on the grill in your oven and when the oven comes to temperature, measure the temperature of the rock from about 6 inches away to narrow the area monitored. Use the laser pointer.
 Picked this up after seeing a smoking hot deal for it posted to one of the major deal sites, figured for under $20 it would be nice to have a Non-contact Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer. I didn't actually realize how handy this little device is. First, I used it to measure the temperature around the doors and windows in my house, and found distinct areas of air leaks where cool air was getting in. I also used it to measure the temperature of pipes near the exterior of my house to see if they were close to freezing. I plan on using it in the summer when I BBQ.<br/><br/>The great thing about this IR Thermometer is that it just works. Press a button, point it at what you want a reading from and pull the trigger. The Etekcity also comes with a 9 Volt battery, which has lasted quite a while with occasional use.<br/><br/>This is something I honestly bought on a whim as kind of a toy and it's proven to be very useful.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R1YV2Y1OLJASHW"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1uD4o++WJS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01FhslQO9SS.png"/> 🎥 Video review. 🎥<br/><br/>Note: My particular model demonstrated in the video may have some cosmetic differences.  The performance is the same though.<br/><br/>I've been using this nearly daily--from everything to checking the temperature outside to checking my car engine to see if it's cool enough to touch.  Yesterday I was reviewing a light bulb.  I touch the bulb, thinking it was cool enough to unscrew and burned my fingertips.  I should've used this!<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>✅ Accurate enough for me--give or take 3-4 degrees.  If you're looking for something more precise, they have other temperature guns that are twice the price. I would NOT recommend this product for taking health temperatures!  (as you see in some photos across the internet)<br/>✅ After measuring something, simply stop holding the trigger and it will "hold" (freeze) the the temperature of what you just measured.<br/>✅ Very well-priced. I'm surprised honestly.  In-store retailers would charge a considerable amount more.<br/>✅ Versatile: The sky is the limit for these things..<br/>✅ Fun.  It didn't think I'd have this much fun measuring temperatures without actually touching the object.<br/>✅ Easy C/F conversation.<br/>✅ Excellent quality + easy to install 9v battery.<br/>✅ Nice folks at Pandawill.  They actually sent me this model to test and review, which says a lot about a company's confidence in their product.<br/>✅ Auto off function so it doesn't deplete battery life.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>🍅 On shiny objects the temperature can bounce around.<br/><br/>5/5 stars. An absolute must for any household.
 I live in an apartment with my young family and two issues that have caused me to seek out such a product are checking the temperature of an old electric stove and needing an accurate read on an old charcoal BBQ grill. Before I received the thermometer, I had to guesstimate the temperature of my grill by using the old hand method (which by the way was almost never accurate. I was fed up with getting underdone hamburgers and too close incidents with the temperature being a fire hazard so I was pleased with the first try at getting an accurate read using this thermometer. I worked almost immediately letting me know how to now control the temperature of my grill. Secondly, I was having trouble with an overheated stove and seemingly inaccurate temperatures burning my foods. So, I was so happy when I was able to correct this problem easily by measuring with the laser thermometer which informed me that my electric stove was off by 20 degrees. It confirmed my suspicions and I was able to make sure the repairs were successful. My only gripe is that is is a little large (battery wise) for home/apartment use but I suppose a trip to Home depot would solve that headache. It fits comfortably in hand and allows the user to keep safe distances from items that are hot or pose some risk.<br/><br/>As I move out of apartment living in the future I envision myself using this to test my home's HVAC system, the water temperature coming from the pipes, and car maintenance. I am very pleased all around with this product and look forward to doing business with the company in the near future. Etekcity sent me this thermometer to review as part of a promotion.
 This is actually the second time I have purchased this product, once locally.<br/><br/>I originally wanted this for chocolate and candy making, as well as general kitchen use.  Each time I would reach for it I would find that it had disappeared.  Originally as a novelty (because the temperature of the ceiling fan, cat, dust bunny, and every piece of furniture is so important), but then the practical applications kept growing (checking windows for temperature issues to aid in determining where caulk needed to be replaced, checking ac/heat vents throughout the house for consistency, troubleshooting car engine issues, etc...).<br/><br/>We now have several (because once it went into the garage I was not taking it back into the kitchen) and I love them!<br/><br/>The range is phenomenal!  We have a two-story vaulted ceiling with the ac/heat vent at the highest point - no problem!<br/>The consistency is spot-on!  Using multiples side-by-side, or using the same one over and over on the same spot, and it registers consistent temperatures.<br/>The battery life is great - 1 year, 1 battery, still going!
 I've been having almost as fun with this device as I have with my Kill-A-Watt meter.  It seems to be very accurate, as pointing it at the wall of my refrigerator or freezer is dead on with the mercury thermometer I keep in it.  Although you're tempted to test a lot of novelty type scenarios, there are some real benefits to this type of device.  I've been testing my central A/C air vents, as you generally want the air coming out to be about twenty degrees cooler than the air temperature.  It would work equally well checking auto vents.  We put a frozen bottle in with our rabbit in her house during hot summer days, and I'm able to quickly check the temp of the bottle, her body next to it, and the blanket near her.  I also like checking various points on my plasma televisions.  I never knew how hot a toaster gets.  Great for checking the outlet side of your water heater, to make sure it's doing it's job.  As other's have mentioned, it's nice to check hot liquids to ensure they're the right temp before drinking.  I could go on, but creativity goes a long way with something like this, and I'd encourage everyone to do what I did and start an Excel spreadsheet with various readings, so you can compare down the road and possibly identify issues early on.  Also, be careful, and don't shine the laser sight in or near anyone's eyes.  For the money spent, I'm very happy with this and would recommend it to anyone.
 Nice sturdy and comfortable in the hand.  Wish it came with a wrist strap or eyelet for attaching a strap.<br/>Make sure to let it warm to ambient temp before useing.  I tried it straight out of the box that had been delivered in the Winter.  First readings were a little crazy.  Shoes 88deg, living room wall 125deg etc...  After I let it sit and get room temp the readings were more accurate.<br/>Very happy with my purchase.
 Love this Infrared Thermometer for several reasons. First off, it works. Point the beam at any object and instantly see the temperature of said object. I've tested this on my grill and my front door in the hot sun, and it appears to be very accurate (although I really don't have a way to test it.  The grill temp reading is close to the inside temp reading on the grill, and when I point the beam at an ambient temp item, (lime my door when it's NOT in the hot sun, the reading matches the external temp.  So yes, very pleased with that aspect of the device.<br/><br/>Secondly, and equally as important, my schnauzer LOVES chasing the laser light. She can't get enough!  So great for play time, or simply to wear her out before settling down for the evening.  Who knew such a device would serve such different purposes???<br/><br/>Overall, I'm very happy with this item.  No worries!!!
 Cool little temperature gun. Works great, instantaneous reading. The backlight is nice, it remembers if it's on or off too. So once you turn the light on it will be on the next time you use it. The laser makes it easy to see exactly what you are getting a reading from. Also works great as a cat toy!!! In the questions someone said she checked herself and it was a few degrees off. That's because it takes the surface temperature, not internal temperature(wash your hands in cold water and check them!). Everything I have checked with it seemed to be right on. Started making my own beer and it needs to ferment at the proper temperature. I can hit it from across the room and be sure it's ok. Haha. All-in-all a great little unit! Doubles as a cat toy! Oh yeah, comes with a 9v which for me was good, because that's the one type of battery I don't typically have lying around.
 I purchased this to use it on my engine block and a few things I need to test heat and get the temperature right, so far it’s been working great and has been accurate on temperature reading.<br/>It’s affordable and realizable up until this point, I will make an update if the item breaks soon or something unexpected/undesirable happens to the item, but for now I say it’s a great buy well worth the money!!
 Love this thing - it's terrific in finding heat leaks, etc. in the house - but I use it most when I change the water in my fish tank as it allows me to quickly match the temp in the bowl water with the fresh water.  Check temp of items in your freezer/fridge.  You'll find more ways to use it than you think, so its a good item to have in the house.
 I do HVAC work with my job and at home I love to cook. This is the exact same device I've used in the industry for several years now , (  however 9 years ago I paid over 100 dollars for mine ) this is true INSTANT read temperature measuring. Aim and squeeze the trigger and look at the screen. This does Fahrenheit and Celsius. Cooking in the fryer ? Works perfect, Grilling on the grill or Smoker ? Excellent... AC or Heat not working as you think it should ? AWESOME...I love Multi Tasker tools. This is a steal and from a good reputable company. Oh and you can use it to terrorize the family cat too,  it is after all a FREAKIN LASER :)
 This is  a fantastic little temp gun. The thermometer comes with a laser pointer built into the reader so when you point the thermometer at an object and pull the trigger it puts a red dot where the gun is reading from. The laser pointer can be turned off as well as the blue glowing display back light.<br/>The 9v battery is included and fits into the handle of the device, I bring this up because it is a bit tricky to figure out. the handle opens outward meaning that you pull on the piece of plastic surrounding the trigger and the battery compartment folds out.<br/> I found the gun works great for reading food temps when cooking both in the kitchen and out on the grill. This device is not only simple to use but it is actually kind of fun. I found myself taking the temperature of things that I never thought about reading before, and subsequently I learned information I never knew or cared to know before.<br/>Bottom line It is a great thermometer for a great price and I am happy with it.
 This thing is really cool. Who would have thought measuring temperature could be so much fun. The low price definitely understates this because the quality is very nice.<br/><br/>The texture of this temp gun is pretty good. It's a matte, slightly rubberized, finish that gives it a very premium feeling. (Yes, it's plastic) As a result, it feels great in the hand. The trigger is just a click button and doesn't travel much. (I'd prefer it this way though) It includes a laser pointer to help you identify what exactly you're pointing at and even has a LED backlight.<br/><br/>Accuracy wise, I'd say that it is pretty accurate. I didn't run any extensive comparison tests on it, but the temperatures are very reasonable. (The only testing I did was measure the wall temperature and compared it to my clock, which can measure temperature; it was spot on)
 The temperature measurement by this device is actually pretty accurate. Do note that it only read surface temperatures though. It feels pretty durable and seem like it would fit in nicely in any toolbox with minor abuse. There's a built in laser target to let you know where you're actually reading the temperature from but the further you are from the target the wider the range it assesses thus the less accurate. I must admit though, I use the laser to play with my cat more often than I use it to measure temperatures!
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R19AWWDX81PKBP"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C10P4bjdjMS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81xiOmnV2DS.png"/> Today's technology bring this easy to use laser thermometer. It comes ready to use right out of the package, which includes a 9-volt battery. Point the laser at what you want to know the temperature and you'll get a reading accurate within 2 degrees.<br/><br/>We tested on our frig, freezer, oven, forehead and BBQ and got immediate accurate readings.<br/><br/>3 buttons include a celsius or fahrenheit reading, a light for using in dark areas and a laser to point at farther away targets. You can test up to 716 degrees, which makes it perfect for kilns and pizza ovens.  It goes as low as -58 degrees.<br/><br/>Best part, is it is really nicely priced, usually around twenty-dollars.
 Fun to better understand temperatures at a distance. I used it to 'shoot' off roofs of buildings across the street (from high-rise) and the street to see how much heat is retained by buildings and concrete. I could even tell which cars have been sitting for a while. Usefulness wise, it helps in understanding:<br/>- How hot the grill really is and where the cold spots are<br/>- How hot or cold the heating ducts are<br/>- Where the drafts are around windows
 nice device - I use it to check food temps when I am making stuff. Pretty accurate - have checked it with other thermometers and is within 2 or 3 degrees. Also used it to find out why the cats like the sunny spots on the floor - it is usually 10 -15 degrees warmer on the sunny spots. Can also use the laser to entertain the cats. Also use it to see how cold the surface of the snow is for skiing. Use it to find drafts near doors and windows.
 Works like a charm.  Needed this to gauge the room temperature of new home construction for drywall installation and it works great.  Afterwards it is used to check different temperatures in the room.  Purchased this as a gift and has come in handy for different occasions.  Great value for the price and no glitches.  Let me know if this was helpful.
 While I haven't tested the accuracy of this thermometer it works. The laser is super helpful and it has a handy auto-off feature to prevent you from draining the battery. The only issue I had with it was I left it out in 28-30F weather and it wouldn't work... Let it warm back up and it was fine. Although it can measure temps as low as -58 I don't believe it can operate at temperatures that low. Good product for the $$$ however.
 I purchased this to read temp on craft and candy making adventures. I can't believe I waited so long to buy one-I thought that because the price is accessible it might not be accurate or effective? After reading the reviews I took the chance on the purchase, and I'm happy I did. It works perfect for my needs, even allowing me to discover "hot spots"  on my burners when making candy so I can keep an eye out for scorching. Best results when held about a foot away from your intended target.
 I have wanted one of these for no other reason that to shoot random things while laying on the couch. At this price, I am very happy. Plus, it is accurate! (I know, that should be the #1 thing).<br/><br/>I bought two so that I can give my Father one when Father's day rolls around.<br/><br/>The picture is a little mis-leading. It comes with 1 gun. The yellow remote looking picture is just a close up of the LCD screen.<br/><br/>This has a laser that operates when you squeeze the trigger. You can turn this off if you want. You can also turn off the LCD backlight to save battery power.
 This laser works well compared to some of the main brand lasers that i have used to find out surface temperature. The laser works well as well and the battery lasts a decent length of time in this product due to the auto-shutoff. This is an accurate laser as well, as i have compared it to others and the surface temp readings are the same. This helps me out considerably with my job as an HVAC/R technician. This product was received free for this review.
 Best thermometer I've ever owned. The temperature reading is accurate. I've really enjoyed the lit up display in dimmed locations as it makes it so much easier to log readings. The only concern about this unit is the very slight delay when you press the button after it's been sitting for a little bit; I still give it 5 stars.
 Fun for messing around with but highly inaccurate for original purchase of mash temps. For some reason it is 20+ degrees cooler trying to take temp reading of my mash. It is accurate on more solid objects though. Definitely not complaining too much considering how low it was priced.
 Absolutely awesome. This is the most dependable unit I've ever userd. I use it every day with the HVAC system business that I own.  Heck I have a new set on the grill ! It is always accurate compared to other models. Will buy again absolutely wonderful product one of the best I've ever bought off Amazon !!
 I can't answer to the pinpoint accuracy of this digital thermometer, but for the price, it's pretty darn good. My dad has a similar thermometer and they read with .1-.2 degrees F of each other. Bought this mostly for messing around, but it has come in handy testing temperatures of parts under the hood of cars, seeing if they're cool enough to touch.
 Works very well, I believe it's fairly accurate.  It has an optimal distance from the target to give it the best readings, so objects all the way across the room won't be as accurate as something 1 foot away (which is to be expected)<br/>Overall I'm glad I bought this.  I don't have any major use for it, but it's a fun tool to have :)
 Works well as advertised, not sure how accurate it is but ill see if i can test it soon.<br/><br/>Side not, this style temp gun will not work if trying to get a reading through plexiglass. I use it at work and we have machines with clear plexiglass gaurding and it will only pick up the temp of the plexiglass.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R3LDYM9CD9A3OC"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D12vMUOwDES.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01FhslQO9SS.png"/> Yet another great Etekcity product. This is a non-contact infared thermometer made and sold by etekcity. The range and overall quality of the thermometer is wonderful and it is way more useful than you'd imagine. The thermometer seems to be pretty acurate and is very small and light weight! I found my self taking the temperature of just about everything once I got this!<br/><br/>ALSO check out the video review on YouTube for higher quality!<br/><br/>http://youtu.be/RnJUS3kbb3g?list=UUom1o5SL3JvKnHpKUzhUlrw
 I bought this as a toy but it turned out to be more useful than intended.<br/>My buddy and I find things to read their surface temp<br/>-Beer growler cooling capacity taken hourly<br/>-Cigarettes, cigars and pipes.<br/>-Oil smoking point.<br/>-Warm/Cold surface preference for poultry. A chick and a lovebird.<br/>-Fridge's daily usage<br/>..........<br/><br/>oh, the things you never know before...
 This is a great product.  The texture is rubber grip, so it feels great in the hand.  The listed accuracy seems to be a little less than more expensive IR thermometers, but nonetheless it is pretty accurate.  And the range is huge.  The instructions inside are very helpful with simple things (like the battery inside not being connected when you get the item :) ) and the device works great right out of the box.  The auto-shut off feature is a nice touch.  Would highly recommend (especially for the price!).
 I got this as a Christmas gift yesterday and I'm having the best time playing with it! I've tested the floor, outside concrete, the back of my husband's hand, the dog, my soup, and on and on. It was so easy to connect the battery (which is included) and learn the function of the buttons. This will make my life so much easier as I won't have to clean and sanitize my probe thermometer between various tasks. I love it!
 Bought this on a whim because it was on sale and it works great. I work at an apartment complex and this is great for diagnosing A/C problems and testing heat settings on ranges.<br/><br/>The laser is nice since some of our vents are 12ft up and it helps you stay on the desired focal point.<br/><br/>The temp range and features are right on par with other Non-Contact Thermometers in this price range. To be clear these are fairly limited compared to what a more advance model can do but they are sufficient for the household.
 An amazing little thermometer with very high accuracy. I got this because I saw people use it and I thought it was cool. This product made me really happy and I recommend this product to anyone and I think that it should be in every household. It has multiple uses like measuring vent temperatures and food. It even has a back light which is cool if you can't see the lcd. It even makes a great little toy but never shine the laser in your eyes!!!!!!!. It also comes with a 9 volt battery so if yours come dead then replace them. The grip is comfortable and the distance accuracy is 12:1. Excellent price, excellent tool!
 This IR Thermometer works as expected, the description of the measurement cone on the side of the device itself is a great addition to be able to familiarize yourself with its function (great for people that lose paper directions ;)<br/>I was also impressed with the backlight and ability to turn off the laser, neat if you're measuring a slightly reflective surface.<br/>I would recommend this to anyone considering an IR thermometer, even HVAC or solar technicians. Great price and met my expectations.
 I love this thing! I originally got it to check if my thermometer on my woodstove was accurate. It seems it was - or both the thermometer and this thing were both wrong in exactly the same way. I point it at everything - the exterior walls to see how cold it is here in New England; the oven, just to see how high the temp goes; the cat's head, because now I know how hot the cat's head is. It still works, about a year later, and I'm still having stupid fun pointing it at everyone's hands to see who's are the coldest. Sure, I need to get out more, but that doesn't diminish the hours of enjoyment this thing has given me and the hours of annoyance it has caused everyone else.
 You know why I bought this? Mostly to check the temp of the air coming from my central air conditioning. Sometimes in the Phoenix heat, you wonder if your a/c is working correctly because you just feel hot all of the time. Plus it's just fun to point at random things and see what the temperature is. I got it for $12 and it was well worth it at that price.
 It kept me from burning my raccoon's mouth. So that's nice. Display is nice and big and backlit too. I also like that you can toggle the laser too. There really isn't anything to not like about this little gadget. I use it to test the food warmth before I give it to my kit, and to test the bath water too. I also can kind of gauge her body temperature with it too.
 Received my 'toy' last week and I'm enjoying it! The LaserGrip 774 is just a fun thing to use around the house. I used it today to check the oven temp before I did some baking, and it was fairly accurate. I pointed the laser at a wall in the room just to check the temp. Again, it was fairly accurate. It's easy to use - just 3 buttons and the trigger. Keep in mind that it is a thermometer, and what better way is there to check temperatures than with the LaserGrip 774.
 This was very inexpensive so my expectations weren't too high. I must say I was favorably impressed. The unit is very easy to use and provides consistent readings (precision) but I could not test it against objects of known temperature (accuracy). I can highly recommend this to any casual user with a curiosity or need to get an idea of what the surface temperature of an object is.
 Works great.  I like that it goes to sleep when not in use.<br/>Very useful to check AC vent temperature to ensure AC is running as expected.
 This thermometer is used for surface temps only. I've used it to check substrate temperatures before setting tile or grouting, measuring baby bottle temperatures, checking heater output that didn't have a thermostat, and playing with the cat. It reads fast and accurate to 2+/-. Not hospital grade but a great themometer none the less. Very satisfied and would definitely recommend for mechanical use or for checking substrates in tile installations. Emits a red laser for a very long distance if you need something to keep the housecat busy.
 This is one great little thermometer at any price!<br/>As an RV person, I find it to be indespensable. I can check my tire and wheel bearing temperatures easily while on the road, then when parked, I can check everything from my pancake griddle temp to my furnace output.  Also checks the temp in those finiky RV refridgerators.<br/> You to do all this for less cost than a case of beer!<br/>I checked the accuracy of the 774 against 3 other digital and mercury thermometers and found it to be right in the 2 deg. margin of error as posted.<br/>Couldn't be happier with this litttle guy.
 I owned  few of these.<br/>I am impressed  how precise this one is, taking temps in the desert is important, comparing them to WEATHER sites, shows how horribly incorrect some of them are. Worst one is WEATHER.COM which Google uses....truly worthless.<br/>Anyway, you can turn the LASER light of and off as well as the Back light LED "blue" and switch between C and F.<br/>I am happy
 Does what it says on the box, very easy to use. Entire product is soft-touch plastic, feels reasonably well-made, screen is clear and easy to read, operation is incredibly simple, all of the buttons make sense. I checked the calibration against a glass of icy water (standard procedure for calibrating food thermometers) and it kicked back 32 degrees, just like it should.<br/><br/>I bought it to keep an eye on the engine temp of my 1972 Karmann Ghia, and so far I've used it to check the temperature of my TV, laptop, Wi Fi hotspot, both of my cats (one is slightly warmer than the other), a ukulele, my cell phone, every piece of furniture in my house, my leg, my dad's leg, the freezer, a bagel in that freezer, my fridge, a lightswitch, a digeridoo, and the front door. 10/10 would recommend.
 I bought this device on a whim, because I really didn't need it but it seemed like a cool thing to have.  Once I checked my heating and cooling vents, I kind of ran out of things to use it with.  But then I bought a pizza steel to put in the oven which needed to heat to 500° to be effective. I then found a good use for this device and it has worked well for me since.
 Now all my friends who see it want it as well. It does a great job in getting a good fast temperature of almost anything. The list is endless for what we’ve used it for from finding the Tempo of our radiators in our apartment to the water in our refrigerator (which was to warm so we turned up the Fridge)
 The most fun available for $14. Very handy tool to have. Even used it to check if steak was cooked.
 Not at all what I expected. I don't even use it anymore. It drains the battery quickly. Very hard to get an accurate reading. Not able to trust this thermometer. Sorry. :(
 I use it to measure temperature of soap making ingredients
 This inexpensive temperature gun is fantastic! I wouldn't use it for making precise scientific measurements, but for anything other than that, I can't recommend it highly enough. It's small, lightweight, and accurate. It's very simple to use, and has a quality build. If you need to measure temperature without contact, get one of these, you won't be sorry!
 My mate had a blast running around checking the temps of everything. Like others have said the temp is off a little, and it does mention that in the instruction booklet, but for general everyday things it's great. Seems pretty sturdy, not heavy, easy to hold, really easy to use. I'd recommend this thermometer.
 I am not sure this item is really a necessity but we have been having a blast measuring the temperature of everything in the house.  It has helped to finally prove that the fridge is not cold enough and the oven temperature is not correct.  Actually I love it!
 Got it on a one-day deal. I tested the temperatures under doors, around windows and walls during a colder winter night. Now, I can't figure any other routine use for it. So, it's gathering dust with other tools waiting for a good reason to be used.<br/><br/>And the animals like to chase the laser.
 Excellent! Very accurate and the new dual laser design is much more friendly to use than the previous 1 laser.
 This thing is awesome, I can't stop playing around with it.  I can now do things like check when my pan comes up to temp, if things I bring out from the fridge are room temp yet, and it really helps when I brew beer at home since you don't want to contaminate the brew with an unsanitized thermometer
 Seems okay.  Measured room temperature (hit a wall) with a match to what thermostat says.  But, I pointed it at my head and it comes up about 80 degrees...  Far short of the 98.6 (or so) I expected.  The laser pointer is fantastic - very bright and the cat will like it.  The build quality is also good.  Rubberized handle is very good.  The battery was already installed (but not connected) versus the empty spot waiting for it in the clamshell packaging.  It's a challenge to get the handle to close all the way because of the battery wire and the space being near perfect.  My solution was to rotate the battery 180 degrees to wrap more wire around the head of the battery.
 It does the job. I just need to know how to use it properly.
 I took down one star for the accuracy. I use it as a candy thermometer and some times one degree maters.
 It's nice to check the temperatures of the things around you. This was an amazing product, nice, small and portable. You can use a laser to check the temperatures or you can disable that so it wont shoot out any light at all. Works in the dark too, you can switch on the blue light on the small screen. Battery comes included too, over all great product and the quality is excellent!
 I bought this item to change transmission fluid on a vehicle works as intended, it has this feature that holds the temperature reading after you depressed the trigger it is nice to have.
 Good Morning, I have bought two of your Digital Laser Infrared. After a couple of days...one is already not working. The battery is working fine....but there is no more red light / infra red....and the temperature are not accurate. (when I compare to another thermometer , the temperatures are wrong.) What can we do? I am disappointed. It doesnt work...after less than a week...this is not normal.
 Measures temperatures at a distance with a laser. Accurate enough for regular home use, can't speak for professionals. Bought it because my pipes freeze in the winter sometimes, and this will help me isolate the location come winter.
 Good product but can be difficult to get a lock on a temperature when using.  Battery life seems good.  Used it up against a thermal imaging camera and it seemed to hold it's own in identifying the cold spots in the house.  Would recommend
 It is a lot of fun to use. I checked temperatures of a lot of different things. Who knew one corner of your LCD monitor would be hotter than the rest? I use for checking the temperature of duct work in my zoned HVAC and for checking the temperature of my coffee so I don't burn myself. Works great.
 It was cheap and it measures air temp coming out of our A/C vents far above my head without any issues.  It also doubles as a great pet toy as the dog LOVES it when I pull out the temp gun and shoot the floor for him!
 Very pleased with this purchase, I like that I'm able to point and "shoot", with accurate results and that it does so with no lag time between trigger pulls. Will recommend to family and friends.
 it works as it should. I have used it while i'm cooking for meats and when candy making on my stove top with correct temp reads.
 wanted a laser  for the cats that didn't use button batteries, this has the bonus IR Temp, great for checking the temp on my cast iron skillet.  cats love it.
 Works as expected.  Can't go wrong with price and no issues even if its accuracy may be off a degree or two.
 I bought this on a whim just to play around with it but I've found it very useful. Great for finding cold spots in the house. Seems accurate enough but I have nothing to compare it to. Great price and build quality.
 Got this for an awesome price for my father and he loves it. It takes accurate temperatures from far away.
 Readings fluctuate on different surfaces.  As a whole it's a good tool to compare temperature.  I won't depend too much on its accuracy.
 For the money can't be beat.  Taking into account that it uses a standardized emissivity it is accurate enough for my general uses.  I've taken reading of various thermostats and the temperatures agreed within a degree F.
 Very handy device and priced very low.  Seems well made and very easy to use.  I cannot vouch for how accurate the readings are but they seem pretty good.  I like how you can switch between Fahrenheit and Centigrade.
 Never would I have thought of this as a toy. But I PLAY with this. Measuring heat on many items.<br/>I will say that ice and steel (other metals, too, maybe) can get incorrect readings. At least in my experience.<br/>But I wish everything I held in my hands would have THIS SAME GRIP on them. LOVE THIS ITEM.
 The product seems to work okay. This rating is for the customer no-service. Apparently, Etekcity is way behind the standard on communicating well with their customers. They have a similar infrastructure in place as their competitors and top-of-the line customer service companies (i.e., contact numbers, email and chat line), however Etekcity falls very far short of their competitors.<br/><br/>I received NO (aka ZERO) response to a question I sent via their support ...]address. After several weeks I tried the Chat line and received only substandard responses to my questions, followed by a number of 'by-the-book' monotone responses to end the chat session. Yes, you can actually receive a 'monotone' same-o same-o response on a chat line! Clearly staffed by unqualified and untrained reps, or if actually trained, poor training, inability to grasp customer service training or just very poor common sense.
 Point, shoot, and you got the temp.  Everything I was looking for.
 It works great. I didn't notice any inaccuracy. I tried to measure body temperature, wall temperature, water temperature. All measurements look pretty accurate.
 Love it
 Works reliably and intuitively without issue. Price is nice and it feels like good quality materials. As a bonus, my cat loves the laser.
 I got this as a "Man Toy" to place with.  It met expectations and is a fun tool/toy to have.  My father in law visited when I got it and thought it was great as well and I think he was going to go get one of his own.  Works awesome, very easy to use.
 Everything I've tried is done to perfection. Thank you
 This is a really amazing product; has a laser guide to point at the desired spot at which temperature is to be measured, and is very accurate. Unbelievable technology! At as such a low price.
 Great product at a great price.
 Works great.
 Haven't had a chance to do an accuracy test, but seems right on the few things I have tested.
 I work as an engineering field technician and work on steam systems on a daily basis. This IR gun is wildly mis-calibrated around steam temperatures, +- 212 degrees depending on pressure. I need to buy a higher end product to replace this two week old tool.
 Very good and inexpensive product.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R2AZQMDBMOBX8N"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1SkoktiysS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/814sG2z506S.png"/>        I received the Etekcity Lasergrip Infrared Thermometer. This is not a cheap device. It is built very well and super easy to operate. Just point and shoot. With the dual lasers, you aim it very precisely. In the video I demonstrate it by aiming at a wall and then I aimed it at the A/C vent which is much colder than the wall.You can see how the temperature instantly drops at the A/C vent. The 9V battery was also included.
 Very convenient to have around. It tells you instantly what the temperature is. It is with the price being charged...ever kitchen should have one.
 so fun to play with. It does have actual uses, but we have fun just scanning things for giggles.
 Works great and is an excellent value.  Only wish was to have better contrast on the screen as it is tricky to read in some lighting.
 Questionable accuracy at longer distances.  Keep it as close as you can to the source you're trying to measure.
 Bought it for fun to check temperatures in our kitchen. Works fine
 good product
 Should be packaged with a roll of lifesavers, because it is!  I pointed it at my fire pit last night, realized the fire was really hot, and so avoided touching the flames!  I can think of a gazillion uses for this.
 Super fun to use. Fairly accurate.
 Very Useful however it is off by 2 or 3 degrees from my testing especially if the area your are testing may have various temperature variations.
 Works good.  Battery compartment is a little tight
 We have one of these at work and it works excellent. Bought one to use around the house to measure the temperature in our son's room as my wife thought it was colder in there. We are monitoring the walls, vent, and other items. Great device which is easy to use.
 Great product just not 100% accurate on certain things
 Saves a lot of time, point and click= temperature
 Lasted only a few weeks of very light use. Was not dropped just stopped working.
 works great! no wonder why thousands have been sold
 Very easy to use.  The pistol design makes it easy to aim at longer distances.
 Works as described.
 Simple, cheap and easy to use!
 Works really well. Bought it for a trip to pick up a new camper. Used it to check the temperatures of the wheels and hubs on the truck and then we got to the campsite we used it to check the temperature of the table top grill for burgers and the oven for muffins.
 Easy to use.
 simple, appears effective
 amazing for the price
 Works perfectly.I use it constantly to check the temperature of oil in my deep fryer. It's also fun to use to check the temperature difference between my incandescent and LED lights.
 I got this on a slick deal for around 15 dollars and seems to work great.
 Temperature can fluctuate about +/- 0.5°F but for the price, it's great.
 My son needed a good thermometer for a science fair project, so we got him this. It works great and has since become a favorite "toy" for all the boys in my house (even the one I'm married to). They love checking the temperature of EVERYTHING in the house.
 super cool
 Excellent little tool. Many uses and works great. Price can't be beat.
 Getting this so when I see a kid/dog in a hot car alone I can use this &amp; see if it's too dangerously hot &amp; take a video for proof if I need to call the cops(; Sense busting out the window is illegal in ohio.
 Not only can I check hot/cool spots in me house and cookware, but I can also torture the cat.
 Didn't auto shut off so it consumed my batteries works just fine very accurate
 does all its advertised to do and for the price win win
 Tends to read a bit low (~5 degrees?) but definitely good for a general temperature.
 Got for my snek to monitor temp
 bought this a year ago.  very handy for cooking.  but have used it sparingly.  unfortunately it has stopped working.  the trigger is stuck
 Perfect for what I use it for, teasing the cats with the laser and getting my water temperature a perfect 78 degrees Fahrenheit for my fish tank. The sticker type thermometer reads the exact same as this unit does for water temp.
 Love it! Reasonable price and very useful!
 Pretty awesome and easy to use. Just point and shoot
 Works great for my soap making hobby!
 Great tool, nice and compact
 Works fine temps seem correct
 Works great for a very reasonable price!
 this thing is pretty cool. Although its lost its luster, it seems pretty durable.
 Got it on sale. Nice unit
 just what I wanted
 Works great just as I knew it would. Great company with great products ! Bought for a friend and he uses it daily and loves it! Already ordered one for myself. Thank you EtekCity for all of your amazing products !
 Works as it should! Neat gadget!
 Returned DOA
 good.
 First time using it buttons don't work.  The trigger seems to work fine but the buttons for the laser, backlight, and C/F do not do anything when pressed.  The gun also does not turn off by itself.  I tried replacing the battery it came with a new one and same results.  Going back for a replacement.  If the replacement works better I will update review.  If not then getting my money back.
 I use this for soapmaking, its great
 Perfect for identifying which part overheats quickly in my car.
 Performs as advertised.
 Works excellent as a candy thermometer.
 Very nicely made and very accurate.
 Works great!
 I had brought this item and it works very well. i tried it on a hot tea cup and it showed 143 degrees Farenheit. It can shoot very far. also , I liked All amazon products exept Lego castle. Way to go! Amazon
 A+. Quick readings. Good while quality.  Quality feel.
 Works as advertised.
 Fun! Keep finding uses for it all the time.<br/>Cheap and well built. Easy to use!
 Laser stopped working after barely using it.
 Very poor accuracy.  When testing the outside of a pot of boiling water (with different surfaces including different color painters tape), the temperature is 50F off.  Basically, this is good for telling "Is this thing eleventy billion degress, or can I try touching it and rely on my reflexes to not get badly burned?".
 This is the easiest quickest thing to use. When you want to measure surface temp for the money you can't beat this product
 soft touch grip, easy to use and quick to deliver a read. works great in my kitchen to make sure my pans are hot enough for cooking.
 yes I did
 WORKS REALLY GREAT!
 Great Item
 Accurate and easy to use.  Very reasonably priced.
 Just as advertised.
 digital display: unable to to read numbers. sent it back.
 Worked very much as anticipated. Very useful in application i purchased it for,a very good buy for the amount spent..
 good for checking temperature for my baby bath time
 Light weight.  Appears roughly accurate.  Excellent price/$.
 good to use for adult, not quite accurate for kids
 It's fun to see the temperature of everything around you
 Received faster than expected. Came with the battery and worked great. Would recommend to everyone. The texture of the handle is also nice. It has a soft feel to it.
 ok
 Very useful tool. But not that accurate.
 Fun and accurate!
 Very good item to have
 Works great cooking and its acurate. It turns out to be a great cat toy!
 Love it. Comes in handy for testing bath water or coldness of refrigerator ( keeps milk from spoiling.)
 WORKS WELL.
 Very accurate reading
 A very handy item in making candy and cooking meat.
 I bought one infrared thermometer to measure the air temperature coming out of the air register. It's not accurate. I aimed the laser at the wall, it registered 77 F. I know it should be 79 F because my other two thermometers showed 79 F. I think it's at least two degree lower than the actual temperature. But it only cost me less than $20. So I cannot complain too much. If you need something to measure the precise temperature, spend more money to get one of those expensive thermometers.
 Works as expected and is more accurate than I thought it would be
 As advertised. Fast delivery.
 works great
 not accurate, apparently my body temp  and everyone else I have measured is 87F.  seems like we should all be hypothermic.
 works well
 fun
 Works accurately as described. I will be using it to monitor the evironmental conditions of a Congo African Gray Parrot. Would recommend this product.
 The light run out already--I purchased it just a couple of months ago. It was cool while it lasted.
 Easy to use, good price. Does what
 Great for the price
 works great for the price
 I bought it three months ago. I've only used it a couple of times, However, it is broke now. No know where I can repair or replace it.
 Ok
 Works great even better price
 Works as expected. I haven't checked the accuracy but it looks close.
 Shipping was fast price cheap quality migrate but overall decent item
 Not accurate. Off by More than 10 degrees. Body temp test registered 88.1 . so pretty much useless
 Is it accurate, who the hell knows. I don’t have anything else to  calibrate it with.  Is my barbecue really 600°…? Sure… I mean, yes? I will say is really fun. How hot is that lightbulb?  How hot is the roof of my car? Is it really 120° on the steering wheel? Is my left ball really hotter than my right? (It is, by the way)<br/><br/> I paid 15 bucks for this damn thing. I’ve got at least $100 of fun out of it. Even if you don’t need it… Just buy it. You, or at least your kids, will love playing around with it
 l got this to temper chocolate. I have tried it before by sight/feel and it didn't work and my chocolate got streaky. Maybe if you have lots of experience with tempering you can do it, but I am just learning! I used Callebaut 52% semi sweet callets. They were a little expensive so I didn't want to screw it up. I made those chocolate spheres that are hollow. You melt off the bottom after you form them (with <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Christmas-Ornament-balls/dp/B01AIY1RJK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Christmas Ornament balls</a> of all things!!!) You melt off a little of the bottom then place it over ice cream. Then you melt the ball with hot caramel sauce revealing the ice cream inside. Very cool. My daughter saw one online and BEGGED me to make them. I attached a photo of the formed sphere you you can see. the 100mm size is the size of a softball.<br/><br/>Anyway, this tool was invaluable for tempering. I had to get to 120 back down to 82 then back up to 88-92 degrees to temper dark chocolate. It worked perfectly. I read in the directions that you should aim about 12-14 inches away from the item to get the most accurate measurement without the area getting too big (I guess it takes the average of the "cone" it shoots out.) Since my double boiler wasn't too big, I may have been more like 10 inches away, but it worked. Beautiful, shiny chocolate that was perfectly in temper and snapped just like it should! And I am a total beginner so I was thrilled!!! I may try to make other chocolates with this now, something I was always scared of until this tool!
 The thermometer worked great for a couple of week.  It sat for a few months unused.  When I took it out I was surprised it was not working.  Thinking it was the battery, I swapped the battery out for a fresh one.  It still didn't work.  I tested the battery and it was fine.
 When I was first told about this I thought it was the most useless kitchen tool ever. Use a regular thermometer. Well, my partner heard me talking about it and ordered this as a gag gift for my birthday. I am happy to report I was wrong. This turned out to be the most used tool in my kitchen. I use it at least once a day. It helped me to cali rate my oven, check the temp for my homemade yogurt and cheese. We have used it to check the temp of meat and other foods. We even check the temp outside with it. Once I used the laser as a level/straight edge (I was in a pinch). Recently it helped us when having problems with the fridge/freezer.<br/><br/>Interestingly enough my mother thought this was useless as well. When she came for a visit I gave it to her to use while cooking. She has since order one herself.<br/><br/>I know it sounds ridiculous. You might be thinking (just use a regular thermometer. Well, I little you have one you won't understand. The convince of being able to cook dinner, make carmel, and check the temp outside in under 1 minute with one device is fantastic.
 I purchased this digital thermometer when I was having issues with my upstairs A/C unit. I could tell that air was blowing through the vents, but it did not feel cool to the touch like it was downstairs. With this digital thermometer I was quickly able to tell exactly what temp the air was blowing out of each A/C duct and immediately recognize a problem that needed and HVAC specialist to look into - and here is why that is important: my A/C unit was running constantly, even though it was not blowing cold air, so the thermostat kept telling the unit to send more cold air and it kept running, non-stop, for 3-4 days. We rarely go upstairs so this could easily have gone on for a week or more. The electricity usage from this was a noticeable spike that him my pocket book when the bill came in. While I suspected the air was not as cold as the thermostat setting, I could not be sure (can you tell the difference between 72 and 76 degree air blowing?) I only wish I bought this thermometer before, it would have paid for itself several times over in one electric bill.<br/><br/>I can stand on my first floor and easily shoot the vents on the ceiling of the second floor (~25-30 feet). The laser has a neat on/off feature that I really like because I have a three year old son that would love to play with the laser if it was constantly on - not a good thing, so kudos for making a feature to disable the laser. Overall I highly recommend this as a homeowner purchase that everyone should have and drop in the junk drawer we all have. You can even use it for other things like checking your grill/oven temperature. Great purchase!
 Mine must have been defective.  The 9v Battery which was not included would not fit on the terminal.  I have to open one side more, then when I was finally able to open and then had to close as best I could with needle nose pliers, the unit, even though was off would continue to overheat and draw all of teh battery power.  I ordered a different brand (was a green one) and worked out of the box.
 Pros:<br/>Auto turn-off<br/>After measuring the temp., will hold the temp. number after releasing the trigger.<br/>Display lights up automatically in the dark.<br/>Battery included<br/>Excellent detailed English instructions and illustrations included<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>No way to attach a lanyard or having a way to "hang" this unit if needed. A simple hole at the base of the handle would be nice.<br/><br/>After removing the plastic around the 9 volt battery I was able to connect the battery and the unit became operational right away.<br/>Understanding how to obtain a correct measurement is necessary in-order to have more accurate readings.<br/><br/>When the unit is activated, two red dots (laser) will show. Move the unit toward or away from the object being measured (about 14 inches) until the two red dots become one red dot. Read this measurement. I found focusing on obtaining the "one red dot" and then looking at my measurement obtained the best readings with this unit. After releasing the trigger and the red dot goes away, the measurement will remain displayed for about 15 sec. before auto-turning off. So, focus on obtaining the one red dot, release the trigger, then read the display for the temp. obtained.<br/><br/>Overall, a very excellent unit, well constructed and expect to be using it for a very long time.<br/>I would recommend this unit.
 This "Etekcity Lasergrip 774 Non-contact Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer Temperature Gun -58℉~ 716℉" started out great.  I would test it in my freezer or with a pan of boiling water and it was always just about what I expected.  For $22.<br/>Now, 4 months later, it is useless.  I might as well stick my finger in the pot and guess.  I keep it in the kitchen drawer right next to my stove, and never take it out of the kitchen.  Tonight, I checked on a pot of hot water and it was OFF by over 30 degrees.<br/>UPDATE:  I replaced the battery and it is back to its original accuracy.  I could blame Etekcity, but I can also blame myself.  Am once again enjoying “pretty accurate” temperature sensing&gt;
 This is just a good product for several reasons.  This has got everything you'd want with a remote temp sensor and is accurate enough for all but scientific use.<br/>First the clamshell packaging can actually be opened.... like a clamshell... without risking wounding yourself cutting it open.<br/>The instructions are thorough and tell you everything you could possibly want to know about how everything works and the best way to use it. A very welcome change from most instructions.<br/>The screen could have more contrast, but it's easily readable. You can turn the screen's backlight on or off, which is a nice feature if you don't need it and want to conserve battery power. There is also a button that gives you the option of whether to use the laser spot or not.  It also can provide readings in Fahrenheit or Celsius.<br/>Instructions say that the ideal distance from the object you're trying to read is a hair over 14 inches.<br/>The item itself is made of sturdy plastic with a nice buff finish that shouldn't be too slippery to hold. The trigger to take readings is handy and efficient. You can take either continuous scans by holding the trigger or just "shoot" one spot.<br/>The hinged battery compartment is smartly designed where you pull out the entire front of the grip. The battery may seem like a tight fit or that it won't fit at all, but note that there is a small strip of foam in the forward part of the compartment and if you put the end with the connection against that and then press the back into the compartment, making sure the wires aren't strained or twisted, it works fine. (Instructions tell you which way the battery fits)<br/>Great to see such a useful instrument (for cooking and many other uses) at such a reasonable price.  Well made and well done.
 Out of the package it inaccurately measured temperatures. In an air conditioned office it read the walls and desk top at 120 degrees. refrigerated items were reading at 80 degrees. Checked with the manufacturer. No way to calibrate. Returned for refund.
 I bought this a little over a year ago for light household use and it served me well. Recently, though, the display started to fade and replacing the battery didn't help. I contacted Etekcity through their web site. Honestly, I had low expectations because it was over a year old and an inexpensive product to start with. However, they responded quickly, asked for proof of purchase, and immediately sent a replacement, which works great. I'm really impressed.<br/><br/>The device is pretty much exactly as described. Comparing the old and new units, they agree within a few tenths of a degree so that's a good indicator of precision and consistency.<br/><br/>Note that the lasers do not show the exact spot size - they converge until they cross at the recommended measuring distance and then diverge. This will help to keep from measuring slightly above or below where you think you are, but it isn't exactly the entire area being measured.
 Bought this 2 years ago and battery is still working but I don't use it much now but at first I had a fun time with it. I went around checking temps of windows, walls, cars, engines and all kinds of stuff. I even checked shallow swimming pool water and compared it to the pool thermometer and it was right on. I don't know how it would work on a deep pool because the laser has to hit a surface. I checked the fridge and freezer temp...not the air temp only the surface temp but it  gives you a good idea. A tech did that to my fridge after repairing it to see if the defroster was working. I haven't tried this but I think you could measure how hot your frying pad is. Don't use it for internal temp of food though. It will only give the surface temp. Oh and I have measured light bulbs and do they are really hot. I think I will measure the led lamps to see if they are cooler. Enjoy!
 I think this gun is a steal. It feels sturdy. I might pay more for one with bells and whistles if I needed it for work but this one is great for home use. I use it for crafts that require specific temps, not extreem temps. As you can see in the pics, its accurate within 1-2 degrees and I cant see myself needing to temp check anything over 716f or under -56f. Pull the trigger and it comes on within 1 second and starts reading right away. Let go and it turns itself off within 15 seconds.  Its easy to read, the blue backlight can be turned off, and the laser can be turned off too. The 12:1 ratio means that it reads a 1 inch area from 12 inches away. Theres no downside to this gun unless you need to read some extreem temps, but if thats the case you probably shouldnt be looking in this awesomely low price range.
 I love this thermal gun! It is a handy little tool like everyone has previously described. I am very happy to have spent the $22 on the dual laser version, so I can scan a nice surface area in each room to see the average temperature's across my home. I also have confirmed with this infrared laser gun that my 80's HVAC A/C is performing just as it should! I thought I was going to recharge the air yearly for $60 until the HVAC needs replacing, well this little handy tool has proved my A/C is working just fine! There should be a 14-20 degree difference in intake and supply vents in your home they say, and I'm confirmed to be sitting right at a 15 degree difference! Should help improve home efficiency overall, so I feel like it will pay for itself! Can not recommend enough!
 Mine is still working perfectly, after close to 3 years. Seems pretty accurate, but you do have to be within a foot or two of whatever it is you're measuring. Unless it's a wall. Ok, lemme just say that the smaller an area you're testing, the closer you need to get.<br/><br/>With that said, you will find yourself measuring ever-y-thing with this tool. Wondering how hot your computer runs? Lemme get the tool. How cool the A/C is coming out? Grab the laser-mometer. Wondering how close the oven is to the temperature it's set to? Mm-hmm, grab the laser. You can also use it for checking heat or cooling loss by aiming at your ceiling, and on and on.<br/><br/>And when you get tired of actually checking temperatures, you can sit back in your chair and drive your pets crazy chasing the laser. Great exercise for the dog, and you don't have to leave your chair. You can also point to stuff, again, without leaving your chair. This has not worked well with my wife.<br/><br/>Anyway, it's a pretty cool device, and for the price, it was a great buy.
 I was having problems with my HVAC system so I bought this nifty little IR thermometer to measure/verify the temps at the registers and returns to compare them with thermostat settings.  Also to see what the temps were at various points in my house, out of curiosity.  It is perfect for these things, as well as checking oven temps, grill temps, pool temps, etc.  It's  actually kinda fun to use.  I don't have a cat so I cannot say how cool it is as a cat toy, as some here have done.<br/><br/>The only negative thing I have to say about it is that every time I activated it the display came up in the Celsius mode and had to be reset to Fahrenheit in order to get a "familiar" readout.  No big deal, and I suspected that there was a way to reset the default display mode so I emailed Etecity's Contact Us address to ask how to do that.  To my surprise got a reply within just a few minutes!  It turns out that the display mode is supposed to stay at the last mode selected, i.e., F or C, and mine always reset to C.  So, after a couple of emails back and forth providing description of the issue and then the purchase info, they are sending me a new one!  The whole interaction between Etekcity and me took about 3 emails during a very short period of time and now a new IR Thermometer is on its way to me!  Great little tool and awesome customer service!  Well done Etekcity! (You too Amazon).
 I had got this about a year ago have not had to change the batteries yet it works very accurately, I actually use it for making hard candy like suckers  and other baking products. I’m not fond of the mercury thermometers or candy thermometer. so I got this to try it out I will never go back to a candy thermometer this is very accurate . This is the number one tool to have in your pantry drawer.
 I purchased this to compare against my my other temp guns. The Lasergrip model was 5-10 degrees warmer. The inaccuracy was greater on glass.
 Laser quit working after about 5 measurements.<br/>I was excited to get this item. I wanted to use it on my smoker to help calibrate my thermometer and find places I might be losing heat.<br/>Well, when I was first testing it by aiming at random things in my fridge and around the house the laser stoped working.<br/>Im not sure if it reads well or not. I have no way to positively aim it anymore. I am sending it back.<br/><br/>Update:<br/>I was contacted by Etekcity and they resolved the laser issue I was having.<br/>Hate to admit it but it was a button I must’ve accidentally pushed. All I had to do is push it again...
 I do not NEED this; now I have one I am amazed how often I use it.  For the money this is absolutely superb.  It is accurate (enough for me).<br/><br/>It is well built (for the money); I store it without a battery inside when not using it.  I have found it to be a great diagnostic tool, very useful to find problems in hydraulic or electrical systems.  I know this is not a professional model; I know it isn't as robust or accurate as a professional tool, it is priced accordingly.<br/><br/>If your job depends on this tool, if you need accuracy beyond the offered here there are professional tools.  If you are a DIYer someone who works on machines, engines, or even just barbecues; this is a great tool for an occasional user.  If you think this might be useful and have $20 it is a complete bargain.  It is very useful.  I'd never spend 2-400 dollars on a professional model, I do not need one that good, that robust, that accurate.
 A fine unit.  for the price its fantastic.  I used industrial versions of these and this unit outperforms some of them. Regardless of the price all units like this seem quirky and erratic but, much of that comes from the angle your aiming at or the irregular shape of the surface your your trying to read scattering and/or absorbing its beam.  (Heating and cooling fins or a surfaces inside a glass reptile tank can give inconsistent readings at different angles). Once you get the hang of "don't do it that way" results will be pretty consistent. Comparing your readings to a good probe type thermometer will help you see the limitations and advantages of how to use these devices.. (also watch your range, if your too far away (or way to close) the angle/reflection and irregular surface type problems are more noticeable). On most surfaces my unit is impressively  accurate when compared to probe or surface mount digital thermometers.<br/><br/>If you can find a better unit for this price get it... but this unit at this price is dam hard to beat.
 I have another laser thermometer and on that one, no matter where or what angle I point it, I can still read the display. With this Etekcity 1022D, there is basically only one position where you can even determine what the value on the display is and even then it is not anywhere near as clear as my other laser thermometer. I am returning it to Amazon.
 This is a well-made product.  In hand it feels like a high quality device.  The protective blister pack is a clam shell.  No cut fingers trying to open it, and the packaging can be reused for storing the tool.  As soon as I opened the battery door I realized it was well designed and produced with accuracy.  The fit and finish is top notch.  I have used it to find hot spots on our BBQ grill (there are some).  I compared the air temperature at the air return intake to the cold air ducts and made some adjustments to balance the air flow.  I checked the temperatures with an instant read Thermapen.  Exactly the same.  My friend's wife has monthly infusions of a temperature sensitive drug.  He has to take the drug out of the fridge an hour before the procedure to allow the drug to warm to a specific temperature.  With this device, he should be able to better control and monitor the temperature of the drug.  It's also an easy way to get an approximate temperature of our dog.
 This may be the best or worst tool (read toy) I have ever purchased. It is dead on accurate and very fast to catch changes in a surface. I sit in my living room and measure the temps all over the room. Since I live in an old, under-insulated block home in Phoenix those room temps are all over the chart. I checked the oven, fridge and freezer. I now know the temp of the air coming out of every vent in my home and cars. I can tell you just how cold Bob's beer is in his hand and how hot the roof of my black car is after sitting in the Arizona sun all day.(OMG 167!)<br/>I was worried that it only goes from -58℉ to 716℉ until I realized anything below or over the range would kill me anyhow. I mean us Phoenicians are tough but 716℉ is kind of pushing the limit, even for us. As for -58℉, I go get a jacket when the temp is below 65 so I'm betting I will never have a chance to measure anything that's cold enough to push this things limits.<br/>Plus the laser pointer drives the pets crazy.
 I put based this for grilling.  Stopped working after being stored in original packaging and battery removed. Put in New bAttery and try again after a year of storage.  Won't work anymore.
 The Etekcity Lasergrip 774 temperature gun has been money well spent. I use it for soap making to measure temperatures of lye and oils. I have compared readings from this thermometer to a digital candy thermometer I own and the two are within a couple tenths of degrees of one another. Thus, it is accurate without question and it is easy to use since it doesn't have to touch the liquids that I measure, which means I don't have to spend time cleaning it off before reading another liquid temperature. The functions are easy to work but there is a manual that explains how to use it and what the symbols mean. For the price I cannot see how one could go wrong purchasing this temperature gun.
 It works just as described. I use it to check temps on R/C motors.<br/><br/>It also comes in handy for checking appliance temperatures such as dryers. Had a fuse blow on ours months back and this gives me piece of mind.<br/><br/>If you have elderly family who believe their thermostat is broken, this is a nice tool to confirm or disprove that.<br/><br/>If you have an overweight cat that won't play with regular toys, the laser serves well here. Don't point it at their eyes and always reward them at the end of a short chase.<br/><br/>This is one of those tools you buy for one reason and find yourself using it over and over again. Seems like a great gift idea along with some WD-40, needle nose pliers, and duct tape.
 Works great!  I've been meaning to get one of these for quite a while now, but I finally bought this one to troubleshoot a home air conditioning issue.  I can't believe I've gone without this tool so long until now.  It has a permanent place in my tool box now.
 I needed a thermometer for multiple uses, and needed something that can measure accurately the heat of my grill. Although it has a spot thermometer, I found there are areas which get hotter and will literally burn the meats. I know exactly how hot the grill actually gets and where the sweet spot can be found on my old-fashioned fire red gas grill. In the process I have also been able to gauge the accuracy of this thermometer by measuring the temperature of boiling water. I only wish I would have bought the higher temperature limit unit, since I do plan to eventually do some re-tempering of steel blades, where accurate temperatures are key to a good temper.
 Got this for my husband and I'm fairly certain he has used it on everything not the grill.  He can tell you the temp of all the light fixtures in the house.  His favorite thing to do is check the various temps of things heated in the microwave (bagel bites are entertaining....you'll have to try it yourself).  He checks temperature of everything: The cats!  My rear!  Then the kids want to try it out and he sternly says, "it's NOT a toy!"<br/><br/>Seems fairly accurate and I can see that it could have numerous uses in and around the house (entertainment value alone makes it a worthwhile purchase).  Would make a great gift!
 Useful for cooking, welding &amp; electronics applications, finding air leaks in your house, and just generally horsing around with.  I also use it to make sure the water for my tea is the right temperature, and a hundred little uses (is this CFL ballast going bad?  Do I have my dryer set too high?  is this beer/wine the right temperature to serve?).  I'm certain there's a thousand other things...  automotive diagnostics, metal- or glass-working applications...<br/><br/>I will say that you need to pay attention to the graph on the side, regarding accuracy vs. distance.  When trying to get a really precise reading, you have to make sure you're at the correct range.<br/><br/>Even if you can't think of a good reason, you should pick one of these up.  You'll find plenty of uses.
 Great little device, it's fun to just play with and test things around the house. I wish I had a 2nd one from a different manufacturer to check the accuracy, but I'd say it seems accurate.  I want to say a couple things about this because I got this discounted on a holiday and I'm not sure typical home use was the reason this was made.  I basically bought it for fun. At the price I got it, it was a tool I could use and experiment. I've used it to test and demonstrate to my nephews, because it's a very accessible fun tool for science in a way too.<br/><br/>But things you can do at home we've done. Check the temperature of a room and pipes. Just scan the walls, air vents other objects and you'll get a pretty good mean temperature.  My wife has scanned oil and water in a heated pan to check to see when the right time was there.  Just for experimentation, I've run the hot water and scanned the water stream coming out of the faucet. It picks that up as well.  you can scan your body temp, I haven't scanned inside my mouth but now I kind of want to. Could it detect fevers?  I'm starting to wonder.  I've scanned the hood of my vehicle and parts inside.  You could scan your computer parts (of course computers often have temp reading tools anyway, but still. you can check the temp of various light bulbs.  Any heat coming from a light bulb is essentially wasted electricity, it might make you more aware of that. I've even scanned a match head before and after lighting it. I didn't know but a match seems to burn at around 435 F.<br/><br/>the device has just a couple buttons.  It falls asleep on it's own. To wake up, just push the trigger and then push again to get a reading you're after.  Wish I had more ideas, maybe in the winter I can measure around windows to detect seepage of air, inside or out.  If you have devices you want to measure based on usage / heat you could use it and maybe document readings at various steps or usage cases. For example, how hot does your laptop get on your lap.  If you do get this, I encourage you to keep it close by so it's there for when you think of a new need for it in the home or garage or business.
 This infrared digital temperature gun is exactly what I needed for my homemade ice cream making.  It is easy to use and seems to be accurate.  All you need to do it point the gun and press the trigger -- a reading displays within seconds.  Keep in mind, though, that it takes the temperature of the first solid item it hits.  It cannot take a reading through glass or clear plastic since those will bounce the laser back to the gun.  The readings can be taken in degrees Fahrenheit or Celsius.<br/><br/>It comes with one 9-volt battery.  I really appreciated that the battery was inside the compartment but wrapped in plastic to keep from draining so that I know I'm starting out with a fully charged one.<br/><br/>-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
 its been great for work on the farm, checking temps on pipes, engines, etc. So far it hasn't broken (3 months in) it does work well also for entertaining small children and barn cats . . . . however it also stops working at about -20 degrees farenheit it just reads "AL" maybe its swearing at Al Gore? Not sure. Would recommend the product (the gun not Al Gore)
 This tool is fine for basic use. I bought this for my brother who is in refrigeration school and he seems to think it is fine for a basic tool. I've seen there are other more advanced temp guns that can change the distance and other more fancy bells and whistles, but this gets the job done. We also had our own air conditioning problems and this came in handy with determining the efficiency of our unit. The reason for the 4/5 stars is because if you don't point it correctly or closely, even with the laser pointer, it may not give the most accurate temperature. The more expensive models can correct this by seeing the temperature a a certain distance and other stuff of the like...I think that is the difference. If someone knows what the better models do, please correct me if I am wrong. I don't want to give people the wrong idea. This is still a good tool for the money. Comes with a 9v battery too.
 I purchased this fun to diagnose an ignition issue on my motorcycle. I had replaced the plugs and was still getting a terrible misfire. Motorcycles don’t have as complex of a trouble code system, so I had to determine the cold cylinder another way.<br/><br/>I used this gun to read the temperature of each pipe in the exhaust header shortly after startup. Gun appeared to be accurate and allowed me to identify the cold cylinder. After finding the cylinder I swapped that coil pack with another cylinder and tested again. Issue followed the coil and now I know which one to replace!<br/><br/>Cheap but quality gun. Half price from in-store. I would highly recommend.
 I only just received this today (4/5/17) so haven't had a chance to test it over time.  I bought it primarily to use in the kitchen to measure temperature of hot pans on the stove, and maybe food as it's cooking.  One curious observation so far is that it was not able to detect the temperature of the stainless steel surface of an electric crock pot I have going, that is probably at least 150 degrees hot to the touch, but this measures it as only 94 degrees.  When I measure the food inside the crock pot, that seemed to read accurately at 150 degrees.  I know it cannot measure temperatures through glass, but it can't measure a metallic surface?
 Edit:  I've had this for about a year and use it more now than I did when I first bought it. It's so sensitive you can even check the temperature of a room. When I have plants under a grow light I can check to make sure it's not too hot. When I make green tea I use it to check the temperature of the water so I catch it just before it boils. (Green tea shouldn't be brewed in boiling hot water) I check oven temps, pan temps when frying, great for checking temps on cast iron cookware.<br/><br/>This is a great gadget to have in the kitchen.  It was a "Lightening Deal" so I decided to try it.  I'm really glad I did.  The readings are lightening fast and pretty accurate.  I especially like it when I'm using cast iron in the oven.  Now I know the pan is the right temperature to add my chicken at just the right time to get a great sear and quick hot cook.
 This is just fun to have! When it first arrived, I pointed it at darn near everything. The wood stove - crazy hot, my dog... totally cute. Then I pointed it around the doors and windows! Whoa... serious cold air coming in!<br/><br/>So while you may look at this and think it's great for cooking (and it really is), it's usefulness goes way beyond the kitchen.<br/><br/>Also I see it as an excellent learning tool for kids (supervised though because I wouldn't want them shining it in someone's eye). This is a fabulous way for them to understand the numbers for how hot and how cold items can be. I wish I had one when my kids were younger. Meanwhile, I am fully entertained by it.
 This is yet another great product from a great company.  I wanted to buy this to measure the temperature of some lithium ion batteries in my iPhone and iPad because they seemed to be overheating.  I was able to confirm that they were and because I sent the results to Apple, they ended up paying for the damages to my iPad.<br/><br/>The product is great quality and ships with a 9V battery (which is very nice because you dont have to go searching for one.)<br/><br/>In conclusion, I would highly recommend this product from Etekcity.<br/><br/>(No, I did not receive this for free or get any type of discount.  I bought this with my own money) :)
 Inaccurate for skin readings. Was consistently 2-3 degrees Fahrenheit off. We ordered it to do patient readings but when the reading come back as 95 F, it makes it useless and inaccurate
 I love this device. I use it for temp readings anywhere I wish to. It works VERY well and I believe it to be quite accurate when compared to other temp devices I have. I use it from distances of an inch or so to more than twenty feet. The dual led pointers are best for aiming. Much better than a single led. Just keep the region-of-interest evenly between the red dots. Max reading per measurement, is memorized and very handy. Distance to spot size ratio, is 12 to 1.  example (12 feet distance = 1 foot spot size.) etc.
 I am in love with this item. Yes, I did readings on ALL THE THINGS. I prefer thermal imaging, but could not justify the $400 price tag on the FLIR I wanted, so I opted for this instead. This is definitely a great alternative and helped me map out a problem with a room in the house. Not only that, there are so many other uses for this including checking meat temps, pool temps, electrical box, computer components and more. It feels so good in your hands, you can turn the backlit display and laser guide off and on, and change it from Celsius to Fahrenheit. It even came with a battery; What a value! It was accurate for me within 1.2 degrees, which is within the range they rated the product at. I love it! Thanks!
 I bought this unit to measure several useful things- the temp of my grill, my home freezer, attic temp (to check on insulation and powered fan thermostat temp), etc.  This is a very useful device, more than you would think!  While not having done science experiments to calibrate the temps (did not use ice in a black cup to check 32degrees F nor boiling water to check for 212F), it seems to be fairly accurate.  The walls next to my home thermostat exactly match what this and the thermostat say are the same temp.  Its prime us for me is to check my attic space temps, as I have installed new soffits vents and roof fans so I need to know the temp.  Interestingly I found that the air/roof temp at the apex of my attic space is 20 degrees hotter than at the hip/base of the roof!  I have an infrared burner on my grill and its temp exceeds the max 716F of this unit, but I know it is working.  Also, my regular grill thermometer seems to be correct, according to this.  The electronics seem to be generic- there are many units that have the identical 12:1 angle of view and the exact 716F maximum temp.  I chose Etekcity because I was previously happy with a different electronic device they sold me.  This unit was inexpensive, but feels expensive with the non-grip surface.  This is no toy.  You can also squeeze and hold the trigger and wave the gun around to find the "hot spot" of whatever it is you are looking at.  I find this very useful
 I use this for my reptiles and it is so helpful.<br/><br/>Anyone who owns reptiles knows that you have to have a thermostat but most of the analog ones are off by a good 5 - 10 degrees most of the time.<br/><br/>So I bought this and low and behold my other thermostat was off by a whole 7 degrees!<br/><br/>I've used this countless times and at least 5 times a day and it works great! I did test this on things that I know have a correct matching temperature. It's been spot on every single time!<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this to anyone regardless of what you need it for. I've used it for anything 68 F to 478 F and it's been a lifesaver!
 Was only off by a couple of hundred degrees right out of the box and couldn't find a way to recalibrate. Yes we checked both Celsius and Fahrenheit.  We sent it back.<br/>Update - Amazon did give me a full refund back when I returned it and now 4 years later Etekcity contacted me and sent me a replacement at no charge for consideration of my review. I got it in the mail yesterday and got to testing it today. This one performs as advertised with a back light that can be turned off/on for the display and also a button for turning the laser pointer on/off. Really like this model and will test it out for making fudge soon.  So I upgraded my rating from 1 to 3 stars (the first one was still bad and it did take you 4 years to get back to me on the rating)<br/>Update 2 - For the record I did buy this in 2012 and didn't do my first review until 2014, I just now saw that Etekcity did respond back in 2014 when I did the review, so I would have marked them up to 4 stars, but on my first real use (making fudge and checking the temp of the slur) the batteries died on me. Assuming it was just bad batteries, if not I will be back,
 Perfect for its purpose.  I use this to check the surface temperature outside before we walk our woofie.  Did you know that at 125 degrees, you dog will burn its feet on the pavement / sidewalk?  So I use this for our sanity check before taking the little guy out walking.  This afternoon the walkway was 136.  Exposed aggregate is quite a bit hotter than concrete.  Asphalt is even hotter.  Direct sun is the culprit, so I check carefully in Spring and Summer months to be sure we aren't cooking our little buddy.
 Very happy with purchase. Works great and appears to be quite accurate.<br/>Actually, bought it to check the temperature of the sidewalk and/or blacktop for when we walk our dog. We tried the "put your own hand or foot on the pavement for 5-10 seconds", but that didn't seem to work, as it appears we're a bit more heat tolerant than our dog. It's compact enough that it fits in the doggie travel bag (along with water, bowl, treats, etc.), and doesn't add but a few ounces of weight.<br/>FYI: According to our vet, 110 is the max temperature for puppy paws on pavement / blacktop!
 Great way of finding where wind drafts are coming from. Very precise with temperature readings. The laser makes it even easier to pinpoint areas of interest. The ability to switch from Fahrenheit to Celsius is also extremely easy. Very durable design and construction as well!
 I'm a bit of an "insulate the house" nut and this Laser easily helped me locate cold spots so I could fill them. I was going around the house for 3 days checking everywhere and this laser helped me isolate problems I didn't even suspect. Glad I bought it.
 I held off a while before getting this. I finally pulled the trigger and bought it. I use it generally when I'm working on the car. It gives you a good idea of what the temperature and its about 97% accurate. I've gotten readings off a radiator hose that would fluctuate +-30 degrees in a few seconds. But then I've also got accurate +-.2 degree readings off of my heater vents. All in all for 15$ its a pretty good deal. I would get it again.
 I purchased this thermometer in May of 2017 it died in December of 2018. It has lived an easy life. It was used to hunt down air leaks around a house and a couple other minor things. It’s been in a case, in a bag since I had purchased it. I used it two weeks ago. It was working. Today although it was put back where I keep it and left entirely alone for two weeks (I hadn’t even moved the tool bag), I retrieved it only to find it dead - with no apparent cause. New batteries, nor a good finger waging, nor prayers are going to bring this back...........<br/><br/>from the trash.<br/><br/>Where I might have well thrown another $20.
 no idea what the accuracy of this device is - but if it is even 95% accurate it was a GREAT value.<br/><br/>such a useful little tool to have around the house to check for hot / cold spots around windows, the ceiling, etc. - or even to judge how well your new replacement windows are working - the glass temp should be as close to the inside temp as possible - point, read, done.<br/><br/>and it does have a cool red laser dot which is entertaining for cats, maybe kids (but please read any dangers if used around kids.  and cats, for that matter).<br/><br/>comes with a battery!  pop it in - off to the races.  definitely a good purchase and a great value.  disclaimer - i did get this as a special deal - but i think it's worth the regular price, too.  it works well.
 I bought this to help me with baking, but as of today I know the surface temperature of<br/>My cat: 74'  me:87' , my cold cup of coffee: 85' , my metallic doorknob: 66' , My laundry, fresh out of the dryer: 102'<br/><br/>The distance the temp can be read at is actually pretty cool, a brick about 15 feet from me was 35'<br/><br/>Im pretty satisfied with the point and shoot. Ill come back and review when I actually use it for baking as intended =o
 I'm addicted. I can't stop testing the accuracy. Plus I can play with my cat and then see her temperature. I have 4 tortoises that I need to constantly take the temp of their dens. This has been the greatest and it's extremely accurate. I know this because my old method was dropping a probe. The tool itself is rugged and surprisingly has some weight to it. Took me 4 seconds to figure out how it worked and 10 second to make my wife mad because I was checking her temperature. It takes the surface temp of water and the temp of the glass in front of the fireplace. I'm not sure what else I can say to convince you. Oh, yes I can, it comes with a 9v battery.
 This was a good purchase.  The measurement of temperature is accurate enough for household purposes.  I did spend a lot of time checking out temperatures in my home.  It's a fun gizmo.  I plan to use it to check temps in my PC case for overclocking.  I also can check my vent temperatures and have checked on outer door seams for temperature variation.  I can see that I may be in need of some new weatherstripping.<br/>Ships with a 9V battery so you can open box and go. Lastly, this is not packaged in those almost impossible sealed plastic containers.  This one was an easy opening variety.  Can't tell you about it's longevity as I have had this for just a few days, but its already delivered on the fun factor if nothing else.  Plus...it can be used as a dog toy if you wanted....and at not much more cost.  Easy 5 stars.  Thanks.
 A must have for reptile owners. I own a gecko, and they need a solid 90 to 92 degrees under the belly on the warm side of their vivarium to aid in proper digestion. This is the best, most accurate way to monitor the heat pad to make sure the thermostat is keeping the pad at the right temps and not getting too hot or too cold.
 This is a pretty cool device and it works well.  I say don't let your kids get ahold of this, not because of any safety problem.  No, if your kids get ahold of this, you'll never get to use it!  They'll be taking the temperature of everything your house!  The floor, the ceiling, the cat, each other, etc!  There is a laser pointer that can be turned on and off to assist you in knowing where the temp sensor is reading from.  I dont know how accurate this thing is.  It probably isn't up to the standards of a professional scientific precision tool, but for general use around the house it is more than adequate.  We use it primarily to measure the temperature of the baby's bath water, but it can be used for many other things.  Determine where you have drafts or cold spots in your house, check the temp of food in the oven or on an outdoor grill, etc.  Even if you don't think you have a real need for something like this, for only $11, its good to have around the house just in case!
 Product appears well designed, however the instructions are not very definitive.  Most annoying was the fact the 9volt battery is packed in the battery compartment, UNCONNECTED AND COVERED IN HEAVY PROTECTIVE PLASTIC ! Naturally the device will not work without the battery installed properly. The instructions to open the battery compartment are non existent.  Why store the battery in the unit.....to save shipping space.....but to not explain that  in the instructions is STUPID !!
 Great product we use to gauge the heat in the ball python's tank. Gives accurate read outs and has been a really convenient tool to have around. Anytime our dogs or cats see us pick it up, they start sniffing the ground....trying to find....THE MONSTER BUG NO ONE CAN CATCH EVERYONE ATTACK AT ONCE *distant sounds of valuable crashing to the ground*<br/>(but seriously it's great. worth the money. even more worth is you have other animals of the light chasing variety.)
 I've purchased four of these in the last four years, three through Amazon, one locally. They last 11 months on average, just long enough for a battery change. I'm returning to an old fashioned candy thermometer as they are more accurate and last much longer. We have a small candy factory and have tried to use these, but always double check the reading because this device consistently measures about 12F low, when measuring boiling liquids.
 Very happy with this purchase.. It has come in handy for more ways than i ever intended the need for.. I purchased this to check for cold spots on my cadillacs radiator and it made for a great and easy diagnosis, saving me tons of money. I use it in my metal shop for checking temperatures on machinery and their motors.. Very simple to use with very accurate results (when used as instructed).. It is made very well and sits comfortable in the hand while being very solid and durable. A definite must have for any handy man of any sorts... And you just cant beat the price....
 fast shipping. good looking. quality outside, rough built.<br/>simple to use.<br/>It can be a fun thing to look at temperatures of different household things. And it can also has some serious use, like helping with cooking. By the way, I can also use the laser beam as a laser pointer, just some additional use and fun.<br/>It measures temperature in 14 inch distance, so it is cool that you can measure temperature without touching. What is 14 inches? it is a little difficult to figure out initially, but if you think 11 inch is the long side of a A4 paper, it should be easy.<br/>It says there maybe 2 degree difference from the real temperature, but I don't mind because I just want to know the temperature of a hot rock or my chicken in  the oven.<br/>It is not pricy.<br/>I purchased 2. one for me, for as a potential gift for somebody who likes cooking, or maybe fishing or other outdoor activities.
 My favorite feature on this one is that you can turn off the laser pointer.  The old one I had the laser always comes on, so you had to keep it away from kids so they don't end up shining it in people's eyes.  This one is safe if the kids get it, I just keep the laser turned off most of the time but can still turn it on when needed.<br/><br/>So far it seems very accurate for IR thermometer, great for seeing where cold is coming in, or what is generating heat in a PC, etc.
 Decent enough, but the laser aperture should be moved closer to the infrared detector.  Due to the angle at which they converge, anything shorter than a meter will be off from the laser marker by several inches, while anything past ~7 meters will become inaccurate as well (if judging from laser).<br/><br/>You can use the top bump to sight it in those scenarios, but it's still a bit silly because it looks like there was room inside to simply move the part upwards.  As for the temperature gauging, it works pretty well albeit limited to 1000 F (which is expected).  It's also worth noting that you can't leave this in the cold because it stops operating at under 32 degrees F.
 Received my Elekcity Lasergrip thermometer very recently. I haven't used a thermometer like this before and trying out this one here and there, it works perfectly. It comes with a 9 V battery, is easy to use and is of a good build quality. It has a built-in laser so you can point to the desired target area and it has a back-lit screen for use in dark places. Both of these features can be turned on or off depending on circumstances. The battery compartment snaps closed so that the battery installation is quick and easy - there are no screws to turn in and out. The industry standard see-through plastic holder that it comes in, is also a re-usable and useful as a storage holder.<br/>When looking for a thermometer, there were so many infrared thermometers to choose from and the prices varied substantially. In the end I chose this one which was priced at the low end of the price range and I don't regret it.
 This isn't the most accurate, especially when it changes its readings just by flipping the handle 180 degrees. I understand it's inexpensive, but I would hope for some more consistency. If anything this gives you a baseline as long as you always hold the handle the same direction and you are the same distance from the same place you are reading from. I would say it's also about 10 degrees off. If you want something a little more accurate and consistent, spend the extra dough and get something better.
 This thing is great. I got it to check if one of my brake calipers was sticking, nope. My cat is going crazy when I shine the red dot on the floor next to it. My HVAC chilling fins are a chilly 59 degrees! My water heater is dispensing water out of the faucet at just 124 degrees. How am I supposed to brew tea if I don't get it up to at least 160 degrees!? Potential burns? Tea comes first!
 I've always wanted one of these but never thought to buy one. I saw it when shopping for long-stemmed thermometers for tempering chocolate and bought it right away. Since it has arrived, I've (predictably) temped just about everything I could and in doing so, I discovered that my refrigerator is cooling to only 44ºF (should be below 41ºF)! This will really come in handy teaching culinary school so I'm please with the purchase.
 I had some doubts but it works great. it is very accurate. One thing I like is you don't need to use the light in the screen and you don't need to use the laser function either. You can save some battery if you don't really need these functions. Also if you are about 10 inches far from the product the laser points become one and it is very accurate at that position. Good value as well.
 Just pure fun, even without a cat or dog to chase the laser.  I bought  this mostly to decide the digital settings for a new refrigerator/freezer.  Sometimes the reading is spot-on with the adjacent alcohol capillary, digital thermostat, etc.  When there is a discrepancy, it's almost always that this IR gun reads high by 1 or 2 degrees Fahrenheit, well within the specs for the unit.  I can live with that for the price.
 This is a fun gadget to see the temperature of everything around you.  It's surprising.  Water does boil at 212 degrees. Ice cream melts at 28 degrees.  Hundreds of uses.  Does not work to pick out hot women at a bar.
 Come in the mail on time. Comes with a stander 9-volt battery. I replaced it with the very long life lithium battery. Works very good for AC stuff to Car, and PC heat checks.  I would get a pair of laser safety glasses to go with it as to the dual beams are very bright if you don't turn them off for close up work. Just made a nice case for it in my tool bag and its good to go!
 I bought one to measure the temperatures of different DashCams installed in my car. I grabbed this model because of the price, and I ended up using it for countless things. The grip feels nice in my hand. I have left it in my car in 85+F temps and had no issue when I came back to check on the temp of an installed camera. I like being able to turn the sight off and on so that when I am a passenger noting camera temps I can turn sight off so I don't happen to disrupt other drivers.<br/><br/>It is also neat to just see how hot things really are. From the AirCon to the wheels of the car.<br/><br/>My display color is more of a darker blue. I wish it was as light as the picture shows, but that is really my only complaint. I also like that the body is trimmed in an eye grabbing yellow so that it is hard to misplace it anywhere.
 What can I say? Honestly this was one of the best purchases I've ever had on Amazon.<br/><br/>This is an affordable and effective way to take a surface temperature on anything in your home. Comes with a 9 volt battery. Pull the trigger, temp comes up immediately. The screen is LED lit for dark areas and displays both Fahrenheit and Celsius.<br/><br/>I purchased this thermometer to check temperature gradients in the my bearded dragon's enclosure. I was able to see the range of temperatures in the tank from around 100 degrees in the basking area, to 90-92 on the hot end, down to 80 on the cooler end of the tank.<br/><br/>This little tool is invaluable for any reptile owner but also for any home owner. I plan on using this during the winter months to find cold spots in my home, as well as maintaining heat in my pet's tank!<br/><br/>Don't even mess with any stick on thermometer for your beardie, just get this bad boy and be worry free!
 Initially I had purchased this for our garage. Then we discovered it was the perfect way to measure the temperature for our hot fudge sauce. No more ball tests for us! We have never replaced the batteries on either thermometer (we keep one in the garage and one in the kitchen). In a household of engineers, this is a priceless item in and out of the kitchen!!!
 Does exactly what I needed it to do! I bought this to determine the operating temperature of 2 standard LED bulbs and then 2 TP-Link smart bulbs after 1hr of use. (196°F for the standard LEDs and 145°F for the TP-Link bulbs)<br/>I also discovered that it's great for seeing just how crummy the old windows in my house are! (It's winter and it's cold where I am!)
 I bought this for mainly checking the surface temperature of my wood stove but it turned into a pretty fun toy. My girlfriend and I both enjoy checking the temperature of various objects in the house, the fridge, outside, etc. We also watched a neat video on YouTube about how infrared radiation is measured, so we learnt something as well!<br/><br/>I assume it's accurate to within +/- 2 degrees, I have tested it against three other thermometers and none of them are ever the same, but usually they are close. Don't shine the laser in peoples eyes and don't trick your poor dog with it!
 I have been eyeing a laser infrared thermometer for a few years now.  The Etekcity Lasergrip 1022D thermometer was the one I decided to go with.  The install of batteries were very easy and didn't cause any issues.  The main purpose for the thermometer that I am planning on using it for is for my car and motorcycle work.  Knowing temps while working on vehicles can be the difference between getting burned and not being burned.  I have also found uses for it in the attic while looking for air leaks in the HVAC ducts this summer and winter.  Great little hand held unit.
 For some reason this does not give me the correct temps.I have checked it against 2 other thermometers that were in my oven and this didn't even come close to the correct temp.
 Nice product..my second. One of the things I use it for is to measure coffee temps in the morning. My wife and daughter like to put ice in their coffee...and we've discovered that it's so easy to get the coffee temps just right with this tool.<br/><br/>I've used it to measure register temps to make sure that my HVAC is working...and check refrigerator and freezer temps and a few other things. It's pretty handy...and the price it great.
 If you like to work around the house, you have got to have this device.  It can get to so many places, tight or too hot spots . etc,  that conventional thermometers just not able to do the job.  It reads faster than any conventional thermometer too.  I appreciate the convenience that it came with a 9V battery.  Overall, I am extremely happy about this purchase.
 I am editing a review I wrote about my thermometer not working after about 10 used (I had it over two years)<br/>I was totally surprised to be contacted by the company and they sent me a NEW one. I am so excited.  Of course theban knew one works really well and I can continue to keep my giant tortoise's house the correct temperature throughout the winter!<br/><br/>This temp gun is much better than an old one we had from home depot- a Ryobi. I know that the Ryobi is not accurate and now having my Etekcity back I am sure of it. Im so happy to have the peace of mind knowing my big tortoise is safe and warm!<br/>Thank you Etekcity!! You made my whole week!
 The product works great.  The install instructions are totally useless.  I had to live chat the company.  The battery comes inside the handle, but it is wrapped in plastic.  You have to open the handle, remove the plastic, and install the battery.  The instructions do not explain any of this.  The instructions just say to power on.  But the product itself works great.
 We actually bought 2 of them about a year ago and since they work so brilliantly, we gave 2 of them to my family members in California this Christmas.<br/><br/>It is a splendid design.... we use them outside all summer to check the temperature of the pool water and the patio and in the winter to check the temperature of the heating system in the gazebo and year round for the indoor and outdoor range for cooking temperature. We also use them to check for temperature gradients in different areas of the hvac air duct system and to measure the heat gain and loss differential in the exterior walls to allow contractors to optimize insulation. This little device is a great asset.....
 Just bought 2 of these because they tend to disappear.  Kids use them because they are fun, or my husband needs one somewhere.  I have 4 altogether now and they have many uses.  I use them to check temps for my reptiles and my aquaria.  Husband uses them for whatever he needs in the garage.  Great product and a great price.  Accurate enough for almost any need.
 After an ongoing dispute with the company that controls the heat in my office space I decided to pick this up.  It works very well, is high quality and inexpensive.  I compared the reading on this laser to the $300 one the HVAC contractor was using and it was spot on.  Well worth the money and now I can send pictures of the temperature of the air coming out of the vents with no rebuttal.
 Works like a charm.  Used it to monitor temps at home HVAC outlets, temp of brake rotors, exhaust pipes, alternator, etc.  Fun to see how many things you can use it on.  Main value to be able to see a change when things just aren't right.  Will detect tight bearings in mechanical devices that may be failing BEFORE they fail.  Great preventive maintenance tool.
 Ok...for $10, I thought this would be a blast, and I was right. I spent 1/2 hour running around my backyard taking the temperature of everything. &lt;&lt;laugh&gt;&gt;<br/><br/>The device is securely built, only takes a 9 volt battery, and is pretty accurate. It is really good if you need to know accurate temperatures for cooking, baking or similar. I am an avid loose tea drinker, and one needs different temperatures for different types of tea, so you don't scald the leaves (and believe me - if you scald the leaves, it is bitter!). I also cook and it's great to know if my oil is at the right temperature without actually touching it, even to put in a manual thermometer.<br/><br/>You can also see Fahrenheit &amp; Celsius temps, which can double as educational tools. I love this little guy, and if you have a use for something like this, you won't be sorry. Small price for something that could have great uses around the house!
 Got this temp gun about a month ago and have used it mainly to check temperatures when making candy. Everyone else that sees it uses it to check the temperature of everything. Literally. The wall, the person next to them, the glass of ice water, etc...so extra bonus for entertaining guests!<br/><br/>Candy is a tricky thing and going a few degrees too hot can ruin the entire batch, so it was really important to have accuracy. I have not been disappointed with this temperature gun!! I was using a candy thermometer but since it has to be submerged several inches to take accurate readings, its just not feasible to use for small batches.<br/><br/>Extra extra bonus- When your cat knocks the temp gun onto the floor from the top of the fridge, where you had it stored like an idiot, it may break something off inside-- but it still works as a laser cat toy!!<br/><br/>I'm ordering my second of these right now...
 Who doesn’t want something that you can play with and is super helpful in life? Worked to prove my maintence guys wrong that it was hot and my a/c was jacked up, which was my main purpose for buying...but also to measure the temp of EVERYTHING!!! Who doesn’t want to know if the weather people are lying about it being not cold outside? Or too cook with!? It’s amazing, easy and works very well! My fish love chasing it around too... bonus!
 My first one years ago was on sale for $59.00, so I'm definitely happy spending under $15.00...I mainly use these for cooking, grilling and deep frying, but I keep one at my machine shop to check bearing heat, anealing metals after heat treating, machine heat, etc...simple to use and quite accurate...my only complaint is no lanyard to hang it up...I simply drilled the bottom and installed a small hook...hangs with my grilling tools when in use...definitely recommend!
 Bought two, one consistently reads about a degree higher, but that's within spec.<br/><br/>Lot of fun looking for cold spots around doors and windows that need insulating.<br/><br/>Came with a 9v square battery.<br/><br/>C/F button toggles better Celsius and Farenheit. I just toggled to F and its stayed there. Nice!<br/><br/>The lightbulb button lets you turn the blue backlight on or off. It also remembers that setting too!<br/><br/>The last button is to turn the laser aiming pointer off or on.<br/><br/>It auto shuts off. Now when I pick it up and pull the trigger it starts reading with all my settings still intact: laser dot on, Farenheit and backlight off. Easy!
 I am not sure exactly how I can gauge the accuracy of the temps.  I guess I have to find someone with some more sophisticated equipment and compare my results to theirs.  Seems to be consistent at least.  I tried getting readings on several different places of various temps and then went back to test them again and got numbers within 0.1 just about each time.
 It takes the temperature of whatever you sight with the red laser light -- does this fine.  The FUN is in all the weird things you can think up to measure.  Read some of the other reviews...gadget amusement is out there!
 Everyman needs this. It is fun. I found myself taking the temperature of everything. Pretty cool. It was also nice to be able to see if the oven thermostat was really accurate, and it was not. I also like being able to shoot the laser at the air-conditioning registers and I have peace of mind saying that they are taking out air as cold as they are supposed to. Hey it’s fun :-)
 I had been wanting to get one of these for quite some time and this product does the job.  I can't verify the accuracy as I've not independently tested it with another tool/device, but I am not using it for science experiments or anything requiring absolute precision.<br/><br/>I'm not going to take the time to memorize all of the different settings for various materials so that I can set the thing to get the most accurate measurements so I can't speak to that feature.<br/><br/>I do like the dual laser mechanism that helps you aim and get the correct distance, but again, I don't have any other devices to compare with so I can't vouch for whether or not it actually matters.
 I bought several because they worked so well and had to have them scattered around since I use them so much. Everything from checking the woodstove pipe to checking light ballasts and coolant leaks. You will wonder why you went so long without one and if you have used them in the past you will find this one has all the same features that the spendy ones have. no need to drop the coin when these work great.
 This is more fun than it is scientific. I bought this for my brother who's into craft beers and BBQing. When I saw him stick a meat thermometer into a glass of beer to see if the beer was 55 degrees or so, I knew he needed this gizmo. When it arrived, he took the temperature of everything he could see and anything that couldn't run away from him fast enough; including my nieces and their dog. My nieces got a huge kick of now knowing the inside of their freezer is -2 F, too.
 I bought it for use in the development of an electronics project, but my entire family and I have just been playing with it - it's fun to see how hot fire is.<br/> It's more accurate when it's closer to the surface being measured,  and we have found it to be an immensely fun and useful product.<br/><br/>I use it mostly in the kitchen, to measure the temperature of my ice cream base before churning, and to tell the temperature of melted sugar when making candy - it's called confectioner's napalm for a reason.<br/><br/>However, we also use it to see who has a steadier hand, by aiming at small points in the room, and checking the temperature of the fireplace, among other useless but fun things.
 Nice size, comfortable grip, accurate when compared to other thermometer readings, and good price. My husband loves this pistol grip thermometer - when we first received it, he ran around checking the temperature of the heaters, the range burners, the oven, food before it went in the oven, food when it came out of the oven, the oven, you name it he took the temperature. Obviously the use of the thermometer has slacked off over time (thank heavens) but when we need a temp he still enjoys getting the Etekcity out and playing "Quick Draw McGraw". Very happy with purchase.
 Pretty fun little gadget. Seems to work well. I use it for fun and also checking surface temps. Good to use to check and see if my pans are preheated enough, check fridge temps, etc. Pretty much good for whatever. Fun to have. Well worth the cost. Nice that it has a guide sticker right on the side, giving you an idea of its range and temp measuring diameter. See photo.
 Awesome Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer, just point and shoot and bingo you have your temperature reading, no matter if its the freezer or your engine block, asphalt or what ever you want to check temperature for.  For the price this is a very handy little accurate Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer for any use.  Highly recommend.
 I bought this to check the temp in the attic.  I ended up testing everything.  Walls, objects, family and friends.  My nephew loves it.  I like the fact that it is portable.  Lightweight and the operation is easy.  Point the infrared beam on the object, pull the trigger and hold until the temp stabilizes then released the trigger and the temp shows.  It goes up to 999 degrees. Anything past that it will not show a number.  I tested it on charcoal and it was white hot and was above 999.  As far as accuracy, I tested it near the room thermostat for my floor heater and it did register the same reading.  For the price, you can't beat it and it's very useful in places where you want to test the temp.
 I got this as a "Today's Deal" for only $14, even included the 9v battery..  I really wasn't expecting it  to work well or last long.  To my surprise it is great.  The entertainment factor alone is worth the price.  I can point at many things and get what appears to be accurate readings without much regard to distance....refrigerator, pot on stove, televison screen, friend's arm......when I ran out of things, I had the cat chasing after the laser beam.
 Love, love, love this device!  Sounds silly,, but I love the thermometer.  Easily obtains temps from inside your cooking items, to oven temp and cold temps.  Color (yellow and black) isn't all the attractive, but keep it in a drawer and only pull it out when you need to (even fairly good readings of inside the house or outside in the yard).
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R20NU6EHIWEIXK"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D15s2a-Zg5S.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1Uu5LFLZtS.png"/> It really works as the expensive ones as you can see on my video! , this is a great buy, the accuracy was excellent.<br/><br/>The LCD screen has backlit, that was a great plus to me, since I sometimes have to look into dark places too!<br/><br/>Great buy!
 This thing is legit. It's like a toy too but very efficient and accurate !! It's crazy fast no delay on reading. Three buttons a monkey could figure it out
 i have an extra fridge in my kitchen that broke down<br/>i took it in for repair<br/>so i got an interior thermometer<br/>and i bought this for measuring the temperature in my sauna<br/>i used it on the fridge and compared against the interior thermometer<br/>both were within 2 or 3 degrees of one another
 Purchased as a gift. We use Non-contact temperature instruments costing 10 times more at work. This instrument has proved to be excellent for home use. We boiled water and it registered 212°F/100°C. Guess what, ice cubes are 32°F. Use to check hot tub water temperature, AC air temperature exiting from your vents, lighting temperature (make sure the lights are not too hot) and much more. As noted, it is not accurate on people and animals.
 Functionally, this device performs as advertised.  However, the problem is that leaving the battery in despite not being used for 1-2 weeks drains it completely and renders the device unusable.  Literally a battery drain.  Within a month after 5 minutes of use over a span of a month, I've had to use two 9-volts and they're both drained.
 So you just Read Goldie Locks and the three Bears.<br/>Well let me tell you Gentle Review Reader This is the Gizmo for you.<br/>If you want to Bust out a B&amp;E Breaking and Entering of a Den of Bears Heck I will Venture a Pit of Cobra's this is your way in and out.<br/>Immediate temperature reading to know if that oatmeal is to hot/cold/just right.<br/><br/>Disclaimer: It can't help you run away from Bears faster that might require different equipment like Tennis shoes. It also won't keep you from getting bit by snakes. Indiana Jones Used Kerosene Torches so Type Tikki Torch in the search bar. Torches are very non American So I recommend Search Engine (Flame Thrower) #Merika #GETSUM
 This device works as advertised. We have a kitty who is in Stage 5 renal failure and we needed to give him subcutaneous fluids which needs heating up to room temp. This is the best way to determine temperature. Has Celsius and Fahrenheit readings, light up display, and seems accurate.
 I used this to keep a check on a sword blade I was tempering over coals. It worked pretty good but if you point it at the wrong thing and it goes to "Hi", the laser shuts off and you have to manually push it back on again. Sort of a pain in the butt, but it works okay once you figure it out.
 Activating my dog was not my plan for this thermometer but it has been a pleasant use .<br/>I like that it auto turns off pretty quickly after you're done using it , so it's not sitting there wasting battery .<br/>Blue backlight is good . I got it for precise gardening projects and I'm so glad I finally made the investment . They're ~$30 at Ace , and I do love to support Ace but I gotta go with the one that costs half of Ace's price this time .
 This is a great little compact unit.  Easy to use.  Quite accurate compared to more expensive and less convenient thermometers I have.  Though I've found many uses for it, my favorite and intended use is to quickly and accurately check the surface temperature of cast iron cookware.  I had cast iron pretty figured out on my old piece of $*** stove, but once we got a new one, heating times changed dramatically.  My neanderthal like method of hovering my hand over the pan wasn't cutting it anymore.  Pans were too hot when adding food.  Many meals suffered.<br/><br/>Please note this is meant for measuring surface temperatures of things.  While I use this to ensure my cookware is the right temperature, if you want to measure the internal temperature of food, or the temperature of an oil or cooking liquid, you'll want a probe type thermometer.
 For the money, this is unbeatable.  I guess I got a good one, because it seems perfectly calibrated from 32-212 deg F.  The only intrinsic drawback is that the emissivity of objects can vary.  So, do not take readings as gospel, unless you have validated the surface/temps.<br/><br/>This is sooo superior to 'instant read' thermometers that it's not funny, so long as you know it's only for 'valid' surfaces.  Except for shiny metal surface, most of them are OK and give accurate reads.
 Comfortable grip, easy to read display and accurate sensor. Very sturdy and comfortable feel that doesn't make me think it'll break if I drop it. Got this to check how well my attic and exterior walls are insulated by comparing temperatures within and between rooms. Very handy tool to have. Planning to use it to check the temperature of my oven and drier next.
 I wanted one of these for years, but could not justify the prices I was seeing. Now I know that the A/C register in my kitchen ceiling is 56 degrees when the A/C is running! This enables me to heat milk to 170 degrees in a sauce pan so I can make awesome hot chocolate that I can drink immediately without fear of burning my mouth or scorching the milk. I know people who drink "boiling" coffee, but I don't have that kind of mouth. :-)
 I was excited to buy this item, given the generally good reviews and rock-bottom price. My unit arrived ahead of schedule, with a slight crack in the face of the glass covering the display,. I chalked this up to rough handling by USPS and it seemed to have no functional effect on the unit. Initially, this thermometer seemed to give fairly accurate readings; I tried it on several different surfaces which I knew the temperature of and it was off by no more than two or three degrees. Then I decided to boil some water. Not a chance I could get anything near 212 F, and I live at an elevation of 400 ft. above sea level. Using it as a candy thermometer was a disaster; what should have been soft ball came out hard ball, or off by more than 10 F. Still, I thought I could make some mental adjustments and still have a useful gadget. Two days later, however, it went totally wonky, telling me my outdoor porch was 80 F when it was 45 F outside and that the inside of my freezer was 5 F (nothing was thawed.) And yet, a day later, it returned to its previous state, off by a degree or three.Seems to work (reasonably) fine now. All I did was remove and reinstall the battery.<br/>A shame really, the controls are very intuitive, display easy to read and it has a really nice feel to the rubberized plastic handle. Easy to use out of the box, but not pricey enough for me to bother with a return. Also, the laser makes a great cat toy.  My advice, shop around for a bit more expensive and reliable unit.<br/><br/>UPDATE: Etekcity has offered to replace my unit at no cost to me, without the need to return the purchased unit. A+ for stellar customer service. For this reason, I have upgraded my rating of this product to 4 stars.
 Works as described!  Very accurate and easy to use digital thermometer.  I use it to check the temp of my bearded dragon habitat on a regular basis but it's also great for checking for drafts or any other situation where you want to quickly and easily check surface temperatures.  There are so many uses that I think it's a great tool to have around the house!
 I'd classify this as a guy's gadget. It seems well built and is easy to use. I've used it on all the stuff others posted here Hot water, A/C vents, windows, garage floor, fridge, pavement temp. On the serious side looking forward to winter to see where I may have cold air intrusion and can weatherstrip etc. Also to tell how close the pavement temp is to icing over this winter. In Georgia some of us don't drive when any Wintry precipitation falls because ...well, we aren't good at it. I like mine, looking for more ways to use it.
 Works great. I know the temperature of everything in my house and then some. I think I  needed to replace the battery in the first week I used it so much.  Doesn't help the dog loves to chase the red dot either. Can turn off laser, change to Celsius, back light on or off and it registers quickly. Basement floor.....63 degrees Fahrenheit btw.
 Wored as advertis<br/><br/>Works exactly as advertised.  It's not meant to be a precision medical device or anything like that.  It's a low cost measuring device for general remote temperature measurement around the home or office.  The documents say that optimal distance for measurement is around 14".  I found it to work out at least 14 feet though the further out the target, the wider area is measured.  If you consider that, it works fine.
 Bought for my husband for auto mechanic purposes, he is very pleased with it. Works well and seems accurate. Price was great and the company even sent a customer service email to make sure I was happy with my purchase and to see if I had any questions, and to remind me it is NOT for body temperatures. That seems to be a very common missconception even though it's stated in product description and revews that it does NOT take accurate internal body temps.
 This product works but if this product gets cold I belive under 50 degrees it will not work. I leave it in my semi and couldnt get product to work for 10 minutes till it warmed up. Other then that works as it should.
 This digital thermometer is awesome.  I use it to check the temps on my oils &amp; lye when making homemade soap.  I used to have one thermometer.  I would put it in the lye solution, wipe it off and then stick it in the oil solution.  You don't have to do any of that with this thermometer.  Can recommend it high enough.
 This device is fantastic, just point, click and in an instant an accurate temperature appears on the little screen. I've started  primarily using this to test water temperature when giving my infant a bath, it works great and the batteries last a long time!
 I've always wanted one of these things, never knew they was so affordable or I would have gotten one much sooner.  Seems to be very accurate, but must keep in mind the surface characteristics because it is infrared afterall and subject to reflection...etc.
 My experience is that it is very accurate. It's great for checking the temperature of almost anything. The closer you are to the "target," the more accurate the reading. The area read by this is roughly a circle the diameter of your distance from the target. For the price, I don't think it can be beat!
 Lots of fun to be had with this thing. Seems fairly accurate. Would have come in handy when working on my dryer in the past. I needed to figure out which thermal switch/sensors were not working, and this would have made that much easier. Definitely nice when cooking and wanting to know what my pan's temperature is, for searing or figuring out which pan's have good heat distribution. Really enjoy the blue back lighting. My kids like playing with it as well.
 This is a clever and interesting device. Everyone that sees it loves it. Many interesting uses. I use to see the temp coming out of my AC vents in house. I also was able see how hot upstairs windows are getting because I may want to get them tinted. I learned that my car interior dash was 150 degrees F after work.
 A much relied on tool! I use this everyday for soap making. It beats holding a thermometer into the oils or the lye water. I don't know WHY I waited so long to buy this. I can not tell you how many times I used to drop the thermometer into 5 inches of soap oils only to have to fish it out and clean it off. It is also very convenient that I don't have to clean the thermometer every time I go from the lye water to the oils and back.
 I bought an IR digital thermometer by the recommendation of the oven repairman. I use this mainly around the kitchen to gauge oven, grill, pan surface and water temperature. It takes one 9V battery and shuts off automatically after awhile. It can display the temperature in Celcius or Fahrenheit at the push of a button, which is a convenient feature. It is one of those (kitchen) gadgets that are good to have.
 I finally bit the bullet and bought an infrared thermometer for kitchen and soap-making.  What a great tool!!  I should have bought one years ago when I first saw them.  Have only used it a few times so can't really say how it will perform over time but I am enjoying it so far.
 Bought this for the Polar Vortex of 2019 (and other practical purposes as well lol). I am pleasantly surprised by the quality of material used, and the product’s general construction. Has a nice grip, and feels well-made. Takes accurate measurement I think.
 Been wanting one of these for years. But didn't want to pay the high price they wanted for them. I use this for my wood burning stove, for optimum heat range for efficiency. I have also used it for auto repairs on several vehicles. It is very accurate and time saving. And the price was great. Thanks for a great product at a great price.  : ).
 The reviews seemed to be good, so i decided for the price i would give it a try,<br/>It is Great! and Its pretty accurate,<br/>I'm always using mine, especially in the kitchen, my son, daughter and husband are always using it too<br/>This product seems very durable, and is easy to use. I'm very happy with mine.<br/>excellent price comes with batteries<br/><br/>This product came on time, and was packed nicely in a box
 I just recently received mine but I purchased two more for my son and son in law so we can use them to check for air leaks and seal our homes for winter.
 I assist a Soup Kitchen,  I'm a Handyman, I just want to know ? ? ?.  Check your frozen items, Your Ovens, Burners, ANY surface temp'. Car, Home, Boat, etc., etc.. This works fine. I have numerous Digital Laser Infrared Thermometers. This is a good general purpose gun.
 I purchased this product to use at my spa. After I tested the water I turned the unit off but the batteries lasted about 1 week, I replaced them, it lasted another week and I replaced them again. This time the batteries lasted about 2 weeks before I wrote to the company. They responded quickly and sent another unit to me. I will use it this week at work and follow up my review to let you know how long the batteries lasted.
 Quite pleased with this unit. I initially purchased it in order to verify oven temps on two new Blogett commercial convection ovens, but find it quite useful in both my commercial bakery and household uses. Used to check temperatures on my vintage British motorcycle, to get accurate readings on head temp (left cyl vs right cyl.) and exhaust temps. My son has fun with it reading the temperatures of just about anything.
 I have to say this is sufficient for everyone except the most demanding of users. Let me walk you through how I use my Etekcity Lasergrip 774 Non-contact Digital Laser IR Infrared Thermometer Temperature Gun.<br/><br/>*Fire up the pan*<br/>What does the gun say? It's effin' hot.<br/>Should I go for a swim?<br/>What does the gun say? It's too effin' cold.<br/>Should I run to the car with bare feet real quick?<br/>What does the gun say? Put some shoes on you effin' Neanderthal.<br/>*Pet has too much energy*<br/>What does the gun say? Catch me if you can!<br/><br/>I rather enjoy this particular purchase.
 Great product.  Show temp of what it's pointed at (not humans).  Used it for my home inspection and was invaluable.  It was during cold weather so it really proved itself in terms of air leaks around doors, hvac vents, even standing on the ground pointing up into the vent.  It helped me discover which vent was the outside fresh air vent too!  Smart and reasonable buy.
 I've wanted this for a while so when I saw it on the Lightening round I grabbed it.  I love it, it works perfectly.  I compared it side by side with my instant read thermometer and they were only 1 degree apart.  I primarily use this to watch the temp lower when making yogurt.  Much easier than sticking the thermometer into the pot of yogurt every few minutes.  Highly recommend.  I will be using it to test the pool water in warm weather.
 I use this every single day to check the temperature of the pet food before giving it to my pets.  I buy dehydrated raw food as well as frozen raw and add super hot water from my tea kettle to it.  I got tired of sticking my finger in there to make sure it had cooled down enough to feed them.  Now I can check it without getting grossed out by testing it with my finger.  I have also used it to make sure the temperature on my oven was calibrated properly.
 I've been wanting a thermometer like this for a long time but usually they are close to three times as much as this was.<br/>This came with a 9v battery in the battery compartment. The battery was wrapped in plastic which is the way to do it so that it's insulated from making contact with anything that would drain it prematurely.<br/>Battery install is simple and secure.<br/>The user manual page that comes with it has the usual warnings about the laser, how to install the battery, how to clean, and how to take a measurement, sort-of.  Its obvious to me now but the manual doesn't say why the screen displays HOLD when the trigger is not pressed.<br/>Its simple now, when you're holding the trigger it is taking the temperature constantly, when you release the trigger is HOLDs the last temp. Maybe they all work this way but its a nice feature because you can take a reading on something without having to be able to see the screen.  Unless this turns out to be really inaccurate in its readings it gets 5 stars for now because I don't know what a more expensive brand name one would do that this doesn't. I will say the brand name looks beefier and has a familiar name which looks good but this one is nice too.
 Fun to use and a good tool to check whether your AC system is underpowered (temperature difference between supply and return vents is smaller than 15F) and needs a tune-up.  Pretty soon you will find yourself aiming this temperature gun on everything around you, including your pets and yourself.
 Works pretty well for the price. Can be used for anything from checking the temperature for hot/cold spots around the house to the kitchen for taking temperatures for various cooking surfaces. I'm sure there are plenty of others uses for it I haven't even thought of yet. The temperature is accurate within a few degrees in most instances. I'm sure there may be slightly more accurate digital thermometers but this is extremely hard to beat at this price point. It's just another little toy for a guy to add to his collection of various gadgets.<br/><br/>As an added bonus, the dogs absolutely love chasing the laser pointer around the yard at night. It's great exercise for them and they never get tired if it. I don't have a cat but I would imagine cats would love to chase it too.<br/><br/>Overall, great buy for the money.
 The product was very simple to use. Once you read the short instructions sheet that comes with it, you can toss it out because you'll never forget how to use it after. The device seems to be very accurate as well. I tested it on many surfaces comparing it to my thermometer. This is most definitely a useful tool to have around.
 I live in a development with a 24-hour indoor pool and spa.  There were times when the pool felt colder than usual because there was water added to the pool to bring it up to normal levels, or maintenance was done on the pool heater and the water cooled a couple of degrees... whatever the reason, I didn't want to waste my time getting in the water if it was colder than expected.  This Etekcity digital thermometer did the trick.. saving me time and providing the peace of mind that the temp was just right, both in the pool and spa.<br/><br/>I found the thermometer extremely accurate and the response after pointing and clicking is almost instant... so no waiting to know the answer.  This can also be used for measuring other service temperatures, so a very handy gizmo.  Easy to use, right out of the box.  I eventually turned off the laser beam just so the grandkids didn't play with it and possibly point at someone's eyes.  But you don't need the laser light to get the temperature... its simply for pointing accuracy.
 My husband is a car guy and wanted this for some reason that he told me about but I didn't listen. What I do know is that he was super happy when it arrived. Not only does it work for its intended purpose (so he has told me), he also uses it as a laser pointer for our 9 month old German Shorthaired Pointer to chase around the house and yard. He even used it at a restaurant that kept bring out lukewarm coffee. After the 3rd attempt to get the coffee at the right temp - he and his friend decided to have their breakfast elsewhere.
 It works great and I like how there are different options to conserve battery like turning the backlit display off.  It also seemed very accurate, I went around the house checking the temp of several things.<br/>The lasers are bright so you can clearly see what you are aiming at and it has two lasers that meet and give you an exact focal point.  It also has a good grip to it.
 My job as a thermo nuclear engineer requires that I know exact temperatures every second when I'm on the job. These can be life and death situations affecting not only my coworkers and me but the community and planet as a whole. Who am I kidding? I spotted this on Amazon figured it was a cool fun gadget and bought it strictly on impulse. Good conversation piece when you're grilling out with friends, it brings out the nerd in all of us. Plus it's actually been helpful around the house and measuring how my HVAC unit is operating. So sure, I recommend it.
 Not meant to really use for cooking.  But a lot of fun to use.  I can use it to tell if something is hot before picking it up.  In my day as an electronic tech we used similar units to detect when bearing were going out equipment.  You have to remember that this will not give you an inside temp it only works for surface temp.  Also it's dual purpose.  The cats like chasing the laser point that lets you know where you're reading the temp at.
 Better yet "Fantastic"!! I use it all the time on the grill, heating vents, windows sills, wife (OK not the wife). But is is very well made and easy to use. The price was right. I had expected much less and I always like those kinds of surprises.
 We use this on everything. Checking pan temperature when cooking, to seeing how hot my armpit is. It's fast to read and fun. When my 11yr old claims she's bored I give it to her and tell her to check the temperature of everything around the house.
 I use this for all kinds of things - to verify that my aquarium thermometer is reading correctly, when I am making yogurt, when I want to know if I can go out on the back deck without shoes or if I am going to burn my feet...  you name it.  Simple to use.  I like it a LOT.
 Something that I've always wanted, and very glad that I purchased this. It gives you an instant reading of whatever you point and pull the trigger on. There is a red dot laser beam that lets you know exactly where you are pointing. Great for measuring temperatures of things that you cannot normally reach, or things that are too hot to even touch. I mainly wanted it for 'weatherization' purposes, to see where cold/heat is escaping and/or entering the house. Around door and window frames, places that you don't necessarily feel a draft, but can benefit from knowing that there is a large cold area.
 Works great at telling the temperature when you need it to, or when you're bored, or you want to see how hot your dog's body is and if it's worth making her sit on your feet to warm them.  I've had this thing for a while (&gt;6 months) and it's still working well so 10/10 would buy it again. Laser also works well for messing with people.
 First time ever having a digital infrared thermometer. Accurate, convenient, works great! I have been using this to check the temperature in our dog's doghouse. Since we are having an unusually cold winter here in South Texas, I felt the need to make sure our Basset Hounds were kept warm. We bought them a dog heater for their doghouse and use this digital infrared thermometer to make sure they are being kept warm. Works great!
 I question its accuracy, my boiler is set to 180 and the reading is inconsistent across the board. A bowl of ice should read around 32, mine reads any where between 20 and 55 from just 6 inches away and moving it slightly. Probably good if your just looking for some cold spots in your house but don't use it for accuracy.
 I do not know if the temperatures it shows are accurate or not (due to not having a secondary instrument to check this infrared gun), but I will say it is extremely easy to use ... just point and shoot and up pops your temperature.  Perfect tool for use with my Blackstone griddle.
 Got this because - to be honest - I can't find the one I have. Seems to be fairly (ballpark) accurate on temperature. Problem is the laser sight is too weak to be seen in daylight. With my other cheap Harbor Freight unit the laser will show up on sunlight pavement. This some does not.
 Seems to work fine. Calibrating it against an interior wall gives no surprises (seems within 1/2°F - 1°F of the expected value). Outside pavement readings give some surprises, but that's likely my lack of understanding of the temperature dynamics (the improvement of which was my reason for buying this).
 Nice feel rubberized texture all around even the yellow part. 9v battery was included fit snuggly and smoothly. Don't know how accurate it is as I have nothing to compare it to but it's fun to use. Its interesting to know the temperature of everything 😁
 It arrived very quickly after my order. The battery is already in it, but shrink wrapped so you have to open it up and install. I find that the the reccomended distance of about 14 inches a good idea. With some things distance didn't matter much at all, like an interior wall,  but with other things, oven door while baking,  it did.<br/>Very light in weight and totally intuitive to operate. Starts when you squeeze the trigger and auto shuts off about 15 seconds later. It has a built in light in case you are measuring in the dark that is operated by a button.
 Have been temping everything since I got it. Soo much better then having to stab everything to get a reading. It works in many other capacities other then the kitchen too!<br/><br/>UPDATE: DIED!!! Tried to change the battery and that wasn't the problem. Lit for a second then just stopped working. Expected it to last a lot longer then several months so it's very disappointing.
 Very hard to use.  Very rarely comes on without trying many times.  Will not work in F setting.  Definitely going back.  UPDATE.  MISSED RETURN WINDOW BY 2 DAYS.  LEARNED NOT TO BY FROM AMAZON IN ADVANCE OF STARTING PROJECT
 I use this for everything.  How cold is the fridge or freezer.  Is the griddle hot enough... too hot.  How hot is the air coming out of the cars vent in winter...  are there hot spots on the engine... cold spots...<br/>Great for diagnosing lots of things.<br/>Is the soup hot enough?<br/>how hot is the kids cocoa?  Will it burn them?  I can tell exactly how how without sticking my grubby fingers in it or guessing.<br/>Is the food cooked enough to get kill bacteria if they are present?
 One of these is a must have to take surface temperatures as probe and analog thermometers just get air. You can see if the black fur on your cat is warmer than the white fur when he's in the sun, and what temperature a frog's back is. And it has a little lazer dot to play with.
 While 10 days is probably not enough time to evaluate either battery life or durability, the device appears to me well manufactured. The instructions are both clear and concise compared to so many off-shore produced products.
 Easy to use, red dot can be turned off. Packaged well. I use this for preforming diagnostic work on diesel motors mostly. Plenty of other reasons to have one of these as well. No complaints. Came with a battery and tells temp. Does what it's supposed to.
 I'm not sure about the durability since I have only had it a short time. It is so easy to use. The temp shows as soon as you point to the item. It uses a normal easy to find battery.I understand why it is a best seller.
 I use this every day to take the temp of my snakes' tanks. I use it when I heat up a mouse to make sure it's not too hot and I don't have to touch anything I don't want to! (Also good to check the temp of my laundry rooms' machines in my apt building! Found out that not all machines are the same temp when you select "hot" ~ important when you want to kill germs!)  I have not replaced the batteries since I got it. It has a very nice "hand feel" ~ no kidding! I have dropped it on the floor  several times (wrangling snakes!) and it has not cracked or stopped working ever. I am very happy with this!
 Maybe I'm accustomed to not online purchases from unknown brands not quite matching what was advertised, but this product certainly bucks that trend.  Easy to use, and made from good quality materials.  The temperature readings seem accurate.
 Works pretty well. 95% accuracy or so, but will not measure temps on shiny objects. You'll have to place a piece of tape or something that does not reflect the red laser light. If the laser light is reflected you get a inaccurate temp reading. That is the only reason I took away a star. Other than that, great item.<br/>  Light weight. You can switch on or off the display. Reads both Fahrenheit and Celsius. Stores previous temps for comparisons, which is really nice. Also comes with 9v battery.
 The only complaint I have after playing around with it for a day is that you can't hold down the arrow keys to quickly switch the EMS. So if you want to go from an EMS value of 1 to .01 you have to press the down arrow 99 times.
 This is a must have for a home crafter or cook. I use this because I make soap and other goodies that call for exact temperatures and this tool allows me to have piece of mind knowing “not guessing” when I have reached the desired temperature needed.
 Love this. I check the temperature of "everything" now - because I can! Highly recommended.
 I have had two other brands, but this one works quite well and is a great value.
 always wanted one of these to determine if I have cold spots on my walls... now I can tell that cheap labor means insulation doesn't get put where it should. 1 or 2 degrees is all I would expect from floor to ceiling temps, but mine have 5+ differences. My ceilings are good cause my A/C guy fixed most of that when I put in new units, but the walls seem to be another story.<br/><br/>and it is just fun to use... the instructions say 14 or so inches to measure, but from what I can tell it is only half a degree off at 14 feet.
 Useful tool around the house to see where it's hot or cold, and where the cold gets in.  Where I live the pipes will freeze and this little tool gives me the information to make money saving adjustments without crawling into places my 63 year old body shouldn't. Just point and shoot! Great quick check for engines to check the cylinder temps. Liked it so much, I bought another before the price goes up. Both items have worked perfectly for several months on the battery that came with each.(one 9 volt)
 Purchased this device for no particular reason but it just seemed useful. I am really pleased with the quality of the device and it is quite handy to check on grill temperature, smoker temperature and other misc. things. The laser pointer is quite nice also. I got it on sale for about $14 as a newer version is now available and for that price it's a bargain!
 I can't stop using this. I've checked corners in the house for thermal leaks.  I've used it to cook.  I've learned that my favorite temp for re-heated coffee is about 140-145 deg.  And the cat loves to chase the laser!
 I love my digital thermometer. Use it to confirm that food has reached a safe temperature during cooking. Use it to see how hot your car's engine is actually running. Measure how cold the air your A/C unit is pumping out.  Use the laser as a much longer lasting laser pointer for your cat. Check the temperature of the bath water before putting your child in. You'll find a million different things to point this at. And you can't beat the price. I bought three of them. One for myself, and two as gifts.
 My entire family (parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, siblings) have a couple of these. One for the toolbox and one for the house. You can use it to check the temperature of the house and it helps make the perfect eggs. You can use it to make sure the pan is not too hot or to cold (about 300 degrees, you might have to do a little more or less depending on how your pan retains heat).
 So... I do glass fusing and I wanted one of these thermometers to test the temperature of my glass while it was in the kiln. Well, I should have read the specs! Its maximum temp is 750 degrees, which makes this completely useless when I was looking for upwards of 1400 degrees! Oh well.<br/>I played with it a little and it seemed accurate. The back light is bright and makes the numbers clear.<br/>If anything, it has become a beefed up cat toy.... lol. (my cat chases the laser spot like its her job)<br/>I will keep it for testing the temp of my homebrew or other things.<br/>Cool device. Easy to use. Comes with the battery it needs. The price can't be beat when similar products are upwards of $80 at the hardware store.
 I needed someway to measure the heat in different places in my house to test my heating system. I couldn’t afford one of the IR cameras so I ordered this product and it has worked great. I can easily measure around doors and in air vent registers.
 How much fun can you have with this?  Seriously, the applications are endless: I check the temp of the pan with and without oil to make sure I have the right frying temperature; check the barbecue temp; check for drafts and heat loss areas on the house; check oven temperatures, the list goes on an on.  Love the option of the laser beam and back lighting too making it useable in the dark when you are trying to get accurate night temperature readings.<br/><br/>In all, a great unit for the price.
 I was like a little kid with a new toy! As soon as I opened it I was running around checking the temp of every inanimate object I could find. My closet, the refrigerator &amp; freezer, the air coming out of the AC unit, my wine cabinet, the pizza I had just taken out of the oven. You name it I checked its temperature. I think this will be really great for grilling so I don't have to stick my hand in the hot grill with a probe thermometer.
 Well built, simple to use and accurate readings. Works great for checking our pool temperature. Would definitely buy again.
 This is used to test still and flowing water temperature in the scope washing area of an endoscopy center. It is much faster that out current method of sitting a probe in the water and waiting until the temperature rises. Our techs love it. Less waiting time. More time to get other tasks done.
 Great for the kitchen. I wanted to get a better feel for the temperatures of my cookware on the stove-top as well as get a better sense of doneness for food on the grill. This makes that very easy, as well as coming in handy to diagnose heating/air-conditioning issues. It's also fun to check the temperature of my motorcycle's exhaust, or just play around.
 Love this product. If you are grilling or smoking, you can tell how hot your grilling surface is. This is a must have product if you are grilling or smoking. You can use this product for a million things if you want to know what the temp. is. Yes I would recommend this product.
 We were having a/c problems and our landlord was having his guy keep patching up our old unit.  We wanted to keep track ourselves as we were always being questioned about temperatures and time of day, etc.  The a/c has been replaced now but we like being able to monitor it ourselves with an external source.  This unit works great and is easy to use.
 Display is bright and easy to read.  A button on the device lets you switch the laser pointer on/off as well.  Within 15 minutes of using this I was able to find a weak point in the insulation of my attic.  It does exactly what it should quickly and easily.  Added bonus: laser pointer for the cats.  Yeah, not what the product was intended for, but anyone with cats will undoubtedly be shining this this around for them too.
 Before I got this, I thought of all the possibilities of use I have for this item. This product is phenomenal. I got it at a Price of about $13 on sale and it never ceases to amaze me. I aimed it at fire, a boiling pot of water, my computer, my hand, my forehead, my brother's forehead when he had a fever, and almost every household item anyone can find (I have yet to bring this thing outside).<br/><br/>Accuracy:<br/>It is accurate, very accurate when close by. The thing is the further you are, the less concentration of the point is for measurement. If i were to aim at a bird on a building from 100 feet, it would not be as accurate if you were to aim at a bird from 1 foot away. But who am I kidding? No one is as silly as me... right? Mostly for cooking purposes, I'm assuming.
 never thought I would have a use for one of these until I got one.  Now I use it to give me the surface temperaturs of things I am heating up,  Won't give internal teps but is great for checking to see how hot your frying pan is before you toss things into it.  Makes a big differance keeping a constant teperature on your cookwear as things turn out much better if you do.  Might have some other hany applications you could use it for and is really accurate.  Easy to use and handy item for a lot of jobs were you need to know how hot things are getting.
 We now have 3 of these. My husband uses his at work. The handy point and shoot for an instant read helps him find trouble spots under his Peterbilt on the road. I use mine in the house to find insulation leaks, troubleshoot freezing pipes, check temps in inaccessible areas, etc. It's a must have tool for our child Alaskan winters. The battery lasts a long time. I've only changed it out once in 2 yrs.
 I bought this on a lightning deal thinking it would come in handy. Just my luck my Jeep started over heating within a week, and I used this continuously for a couple days. Very handy to have in your rig. I also have used it to guesstimate my dogs temperature.  Worked great!
 I bought this to measure the temperature of my frying pans. I'm a single widowed man and now I have to cook for myself and I could never get my cookware at the right temperature. This Lazergrip thermometer works great and is very accurate. Now my pancakes are golden brown instead of pale white and my eggs are never burned. AWESOME!
 I love that you can turn on/off the red laser light as well as the readout screens back-light. Now don't point this at anyones eyes, even with the red light turned off, probably isn't a great idea. I measured foreheads, ears, cold toes, walls, windows, car parts, electric stove coil (+1000 F!), water for french press coffee making, bath water for kids bath, and so many other things. Some shiny metals will reflect the beams and not give an accurate reading (Emissivity), my duct work from my furnace for example. This is easily solved by putting a small piece of masking tape on the metal. Feel free to ask questions, I will answer!
 I got this for taking temps of engines and other things that would be difficult to take directly. For that purpose it ought to work reasonably.  I would caution that the readings are not entirely accurate.  Close. but definately not on the money, though that is also dictated by the distance and way you are taking the temp too.
 Being able to measure temps instantly is very handy. Way more uses than I imagined. Radiator temp tuning, finding cold spots, drafts etc., engine temps, furnaces, food even - pretty good accuracy too.
 Best pool thermometer EVER. I went through at least 5 or 6 actual "pool thermometers" before stumbling on this wonderful device. Point it into the water. Pull trigger. Instant, accurate temperature reading. Perfect for checking if the hot tub is maybe a little TOO hot before getting in. Seems to be accurate to within +-2 degrees, which is enough for me.<br/><br/>Added benefit that the thing has a laser pointer that my dog likes to chase all over the yard.
 Very useful in daily life! Especially in kitchen.<br/>I would strongly recommend anyone to buy a similiar IR thermometer in home. It can replace nearly any thermometer (except babecue thermometer and body thermoemter) in home.<br/>Want to know how hot of skillet? No problem. Whether refrigerator is working well? No problem. Air conditioner status? No problem.<br/><br/>The making is good. I am satisfied with the price (of course I know that you can get a cheaper price in China, but the price is good in America market.
 It is bulky, but if you have an issue with arthritis, it could be your best friend for taking temperatures.  I have not been a big success with taking it the way the paper says.  It is easier for me to put it up to my ear so it hits the inside of the ear.  I then add two degrees to reach the correct temperature.  This is much easier than a roller thermometer that goes across the head or one that you have to hold in your mouth.  It is quick and easy once you get used to it.I love easy.
 We have one of these at our house. The device feels well made and is easy to use. My roommate uses it all the time for grilling, checking oven temperature and of course pointing it each other.<br/><br/>So I had to buy it for a friend that I make cheese with because it will take the temperature so quickly. She also noted that the laser is entertaining for her animals.<br/><br/>I would recommend this.
 This is a great product laser helps select spot to measure temp.<br/>can measure het of grill and then immediately tell heat of meat surface.<br/><br/>used with smoker, oven roast, BBQ<br/>works best about 3feet away.<br/><br/>David
 Awesome product for a more than reasonable price. The items packaging was a snap to open and can be used as a storage place when not in used. Unlike other items in the hard plastic glued together case and destroyed to open this item has thought into every aspect of its making.<br/> I spent awhile reading all the temps on every wall, window and everything. My freezer is -6 deg while frige is a proper 35 deg.  Accurate for what me the homeowners needs are. A cool tool/toy.
 My main use for this device is testing the actual temperature inside my smoker as my smokers temperature is way off.  I now check the temperature at the top of the lid so it won't over cook what I am smoking, which what was happening before I got this great little device.  Tried other types of thermometers for this process and all were in accurate!  This works just great as I do not have to open the smoker to judge.
 Update:  I was contacted by the company and a replacement item is on its way. We will give it another shot and update the review based on how well the replacement functions.<br/><br/>Bought this as a gift and it lasted exactly one year. New batteries did not cure what ailed the device.
 this is soo much fun  I use it for everything ..from cooking- to checking temperature of the Yellowstone dragon mouth hot spring and mud pots --another person said he used it for checking the tire and brake temperature when he tows his trailer...husband even used it on the dog (checked his ears to see if he had temp)
 I bought this to test various temps in our RV. It was great to know that my fridge was cold enough for perishable food. Even tested it in the house too. I will use this for a number of things. Great buy!
 I use this thermometer to check how hot my food is when I'm cooking or reheating.  The cat also loves to chase the laser around and, since it uses 9-volt batteries instead of watch batteries, I don't mind using it more often.  The temperature readings are usually a couple degrees Fahrenheit off, but that can be due to the emissivity calibration.  For my purposes, it's accurate enough, but I may not rely on it to determine the severity of a fever.  For best results, make sure you understand this device's ideal measuring distance and emissivity as it may or may not fit with your requirements.
 No more guessing how hot the frying pan is before putting oil in it.<br/><br/>Some people like to put oil in right away.  I don’t.  I like to get all the moisture out before adding oil.  It keeps the food from sticking.  Another is I’m terrible at guessing how hot the oil is before adding food.
 Excellent value.  Is accurate to within 1.5 degrees.  Not a high-end piece but good for checking bbq temp without standing over it, hot spots in walls, etc...
 Bought this after seeing a similar product in the local hardware store for $50.00....works great, don't know about battery life but it's only a 9v radio battery..easy and cheap to replace if needed.
 Works well, I did however utilize my own batteries vs the generic that came with it. I can easily see that different rooms get hotter than others, and closer to the doors the heat is higher during the summer. I also plan on using on my heat press to ensure accurate temperatures in crafting.
 We bought this because our Whirlpool refrigerator was not cooling as it should. When the repairman showed up with this little gadget, I wanted to have one on hand. We use this for the refrigerator, the air ducts when the a/c is running, testing hot liquids and more. Love it. It's simple and fool proof.
 This item is a must have for anyone that troubleshoots anything at home. I have used one at work for years working as an aircraft mechanic so I jumped on this deal when i saw it on Amazon. I love it!! Its crazy how many things you can troubleshoot with this, there are too many senarios to count. Also FYI I have to have mine calibrated for Aircraft work!! But they always pass!!
 excellent thermometer. very accurate, great for many uses, grilling, fyring, hot spots or cold spots in your house roof. saved me many trips up the ladder. I originally bought it to check for cold drafts in my house. my wife has annexed it now to use in the kitchen  :)
 This was a very good purchase for me.  I have a outside wood furnace and got this product to check the heat loss between my outside furnace and the heat exchanger in my basement. I also use it to check the temp. of the hot air coming from my heat registers.  Works  really great, easy to use and am so glad  I bought. You just point and click; the laser light shows just where you are pointing; this is a good feature too.
 Love this item.  I use it for soap making and it's much safer than placing a hand thermometer into lye solution.  My son often plays with it walking around the house taking the temperature of everything (ok..me too).  I don't trust it for food like meat temperature, etc. because a misaim will read the side of the dish, or surface of the meat but not necessarily inside. It will not replace your meat thermometer.  But, it works perfectly for what I bought it for.
 This thermometer works very well.  It can quickly measure the temperature of all sorts of things.  It also doubles as an excellent laser pointer toy for a cat.  The 9 volt battery really keeps this thing working.  I haven't had to change the battery despite occasional use as a cat toy.
 Reasonably accurate. Works well enough for what you'd expect for a $15 device. Don't rely on it giving temperatures accurate to a degree but it's good enough to get a rough estimate on boiling water for tea/aeropress, as long as you know where to point it on the kettle to get a reliable reading comparable to the temperature of the water inside.
 Cant beat this simple to use device.  I've used it to verify no hot spots on engines with various issues as well as easy checks after fixing my refrigerator to verify temperature and look around for uneven temps etc.  Even used it to check for hot spots around insulation around the house around doors and windows.  Fun to use and very simple.
 I hesitated, because I wasn't sure I'd use it. Has been very helpful for checking heating vents. I also now know that I like my milk for my coffee at 150 degrees. And my coffee ideally should be 140 degrees. The device itself is very well engineered and accurate. If feels good to use. The material is exceptional. The screen is great - simple, and clear. No regrets at all!
 Etekcity is a wonderful seller!  Super easy to work with!  They sent us a new thermometer when ours failed - even after we had had it for several months!  We love using our thermometer - very easy to use.  The first one only worked a few months tho and then randomly failed.  But the new one is working great!!
 This is very handy.  I bought it to check temperature on my RV’s tires and brakes while traveling.  I use it on everything from cooking, grilling and just to check temperatures on everything for work and for play.
 I am one happy customer! This is so easy to use. When I received it, I just connected the battery, which comes with the thermometer and it's ready to use. I am a soap maker and I mainly use the thermometer for this but could use for many other things. It's also very lightweight.  I would definitely recommend and encourage anyone needing something like this....don't hesitate and buy it!
 This works just as described and is really handy. I've thought about buying one for awhile, and I'm glad I got this one; it was inexpensive but according to my other thermometers, it is accurate!
 Fitted the included 9v battery and did a quick scan of the instructions in case there was anything subtle to miss. Simple point and shoot and temp read out clear and back lit in blue. Accurate as the laser pointer to within about 10mm. Needed it specifically for some a/c duct work. Worked exactly as I had hoped.<br/>Added bonus is its use as a cat toy. Can get creature chasing the dot acrid the floor and up the walls so for less than $15 you can't go wrong. As stated in the instructions, not for medical measurement.
 This item is just what I need to make sure my heat presses are at the indicated temperature.  It is very accurate and easy to use.  I also love that it feels like a very quality tool.  One of my presses was 25 degrees high and I was able to correct that and fix the problems we were having.
 it does what I was looking for...
 I'm not sure if this is an official use for this meter but I use it to take the temperature of the fluids I have to give to my sick cat daily. In the winter, the fluids are frigid going into her skin so I warm them in a warm water bath and take the temperature until it reaches about 97 degrees (watched a wonderful video on youtube to instruct me). This makes her more comfortable and it's an instant read which is great. I love this product and highly recommend it.
 I bought this as a gift for my bee keeping husband. I guess this tool helps you check to see if a bee hive has survived the winter without opening it. Works well and has provided the kids entertainment checking the temp of the fish, dogs, and each other.
 It worked great.  I used it to go around my house and shot the ceiling.  You can find everywhere you need insulation improved.  When the A/C is running you can shot the vent and see if it is working correctly.  I know it is designed for other uses but on amazon prime day for $13 why not!
 This work great. It may be off about a degree but not 100% sure if or is or not. It reads temperature very fast. Very easy to use and if I'm being honest, yes I played with it for about an hour taking the temp of several things in the house.
 Awesome product, should have bought one years ago!  It confirmed that my oven heats just fine, despite what my older conventional oven thermometer was reading.  Works great to check pool temp, a/c, you name it!
 Great temperature tool, works great and instantly, pull the trigger and you on, and leave it on the object as long as you like to verify the temperature, release the trigger and the last reading is locked on the screen for about 5 seconds, you can hav in calcium or Fahrenheit, it's a great tool at a great value, perfect for cookies no, plumbing, body temp, etc, what ever you can think of
 Price in this can't be beat and it's simple, yet very functional!! Very interesting to see my stovetop is 200 degrees a few inches from the burner. Great for checking light bulb temperature for safe handling and replacement, also allows you to see how hot bulbs are which persuaded me to keep lights off I had no idea they burn so hot! Great for working on autos and determining safe handling temperature of parts under the hood after the car has been running. Measure temp and after you see 400 degrees on your engine you'll be influenced to wait a few before turning bolts! Also let's me know how warm my reptiles are!
 This is GREAT. It responds faster than my previous unit, and the disply is much easier to read. I like the fact that it 'holds' the current display for awhile so you have time to actually read the temp. My last one was actually more expensive than this unit &amp; not near the quality. I keep this one out in my BBQ shed, but I think I'll be ordering another one for my indoor cooking. My wife has never used anything like this before but used this a few times and quickly fell in love with it also.
 Got it at around for a couple of bucks over $10, just to have it. Ended finding uses for it afterwards, such as when I felt the AC was running too long, I was able to confirm it's the AC needing service by measuring the difference of input/output temp (it was less than 12 F), which turned out to be slowly leaking refrigerant. Effectively, the AC could've run for another couple of months (in the heat of the summer) and cost me a lot more than what I paid for this + repair!
 This thing is amazing.  It's so fun to play with, as soon as it arrived I was running around the house checking the temperature of everything.  My wife looked at me like I was crazy but then started scanning things too and was impressed how well it worked.  The real reason I bought this was to check the temp when cooking but I also plan to use it when we try to make our own homemade soap.  It's built really well and doesn't feel like it's going to break.  Everything I've scanned so far seemed to be accurate or close enough that it doesn't matter if it was slightly off.
 Had ordered another brand, twice the price.  Failed miserably.  Took a chance on this one for $17.  Works out of the box, and comes with a battery.  Does everything I want--tells me the temperature with the squeeze of the trigger.  No adjusting settings,no fancy back light in color---just does the job for half the price.
 My mother won't use it because of the warning of laser. I brought it home and found it worked well. I could read the temperature on ductwork, exterior floors and walls as the weather was so hot. Looking for changes in areas of home, it did the job. (Hint - I unplug the battery from unit when not in use).
 This is one of those handy tools you didn't "know" you needed. Used it for checking the refrigerator, temps of cooking food and turkey fryer oil, plus so much fun around the campfire. Nice the prices on these instruments have come down .Would buy it again.
 Works great! I checked the wall next to my thermostat and the temp reads within 1 degree every time. I have taken the temperature of my heating ducts, around wall outlets, around windows, and other places to determine heat loss. It helped me insulate better to prevent high utility bills. So far I've noticed since insulating better, it has been less drafty. This little device may actually save me some money in the long run. I'm happy with it.
 I don't use it. it only gives me a ballpark figure that I can not depend on. maybe I need to learn more about it and how to use it, but I wish I hadn;t spent that money on it.
 easy to use, accurate on matte surfaces, and came with the battery. I used this to find where air was coming in around my windows and doors, and found out that my sockets weren't insulated! This thing paid for itself within a week.
 A must have for reptile keepers, tells the temperature accurately in different areas of the cage and more reliable than the cheap gauges from petco. I bought 2 to have for my cages.
 I originally bought one of these at Best Buy and really liked it.  Immediately went to Amazon and bought two more.  I wish I would have read the reviews more closely.  The battery life is TERRIBLE.  Literally an hour despite the claim of three hours.  Really disappointing in this day and age of long lasting LED products.
 It's a great tool for the kitchen. Since purchasing I've used this almost everyday. It lets me know when my pan is properly heated and ready to cook, or if my tea is too hot, or if the leftovers have reached the best temperature. I've found dozens of other, unexpected uses for it.<br/>For something I don't actually need, I really love having it!
 This as been the perfect tool around the house. It gets used the most to check the street temperature so I don't burn our dog's feet. Before I would use the back if my hand.  This is totally an inaccurate method. You can't really tell.
 Worked great for about a week then one of the lazer lights stopped working and then started noticing big tempered differences. Checked it against a fluke inferred thermometer a co-worker has and it was anywhere from 5-25 degrees off at any given time. With that much varience it makes it useless.
 I know a few food truck people who use this to determine the temps of their grills and pans.  It was recommended to them by health inspectors when they come check out their rigs.  I figured it could be used in a home kitchen so I picked one up.  This thing is awesome.  Seriously who wouldn’t want to walk around a house and figure out what temp everything is.  Plus at a party this turned out to be the most played with thing in the kitchen.
 This device is now a daily tool in our house.  We have an electric cook top.  We use it to determine if the pan is hot enough (or too hot) to cook or if the cooking surface is cool enough to clean.  We also use it to see if the iron is the right temperature.  It was a big help in determining the effectiveness of our home venting system or how hot the ground temperature is outside before taking our dogs for a walk.  Excellent for determining surface temperature of almost anything.
 Very useful for taking surface temperature without having to touch the item.  I use it for making yogurt and baking.<br/><br/>Obviously, it doesn't tell you the internal temperature.  So you don't want to test doneness of meat with it.<br/><br/>Also, if you ever need an occasional laser pointer, this works too.
 A very handy "gadget" This bugger has all sortsa uses..bought it to read ground temperatures, and found it works great for cooking, (duh) checking swamp cooler out flow, ANYTHING that requires a thermometer...great or finding leaks in doors and windows...love it.
 It stop working after a 3 months and I only used it a handful of time.  I had to purchase another one and someone email to write a review so I explained to them what happened and if I wrote one it wouldn't be a positive review. They didn't even take the time to apologize. So that the reason for my I honest review.
 I purchased these when we were taking our nieces and nephews to Yellowstone. They had a lot of fun reading the temperatures of the thermal pools and comparing results. If you are taking kids to Yellowstone I would recommend bringing at least one of these, one per child will make your life easier.
 This is so much fun.  I live in a studio which probably isn't even big enough to accurately measure temperatures per the directions, but it's about a thousand times more accurate than my AC thermostat, which comes in handy when asking my super to fix it already.<br/>You're not supposed to aim it at people buuuut that's fun -- just avoid the eyes.  You can even see the temp of stuff outside through the windows.
 Arrived with dead battery. Not a big deal, as I had a spare on hand. Probably sat on the shelffor awhile. I will update after testing for a couple weeks.
 Would have given it 5 stars, but it will not work on people. Makes a fantastic cat toy. OMG the cat loves it.<br/><br/>BTW so far, great thermometer as well. Suspect a wall is not insulated? or a floor? this thing takes the mystery out of surface heat temps in moments.  A must for any landlord providing heat for the tenants, etc.
 I have better units but my gosh at this price this is a great unit. Seems like it's off about 1 to 2 degrees, Great for shooting<br/>temp on pans, grill, Uuni Grill etc..<br/>Still can't find a unit that tells how hot/ mad my wife gets but usually my first name means she's getting warm.
 Purchased to check the hydraulic temps on my skidsteer. Worked great and was very accurate. Saved me a lot of time and money not having to take it to shop just to find out I had a faulty temp sender. Can't speak to longevity as I've  only needed it for a few days.
 I needed this to temp my soaps and it has come in so handy! Would definitely recommend for those who want hands free and accurate temperature readings.
 There are many factors that influence the temperature reading, distance and direction seem to be the biggest factors, or at least what stood out to me.  I would think this is a fine tool for getting a rough idea if something is hot or cold, but I would not feel confident in it providing a truly accurate measurement.
 Great for checking if the pan is hot enough yet for whatever you're wanting to cook on it, and if it's uniformly hot. Even ignoring the thermometer, it's a pistol-grip laser pointer, which is a great dog entertainer.
 Works pretty well.  It will give a decently accurate temp reading on many surfaces and it has pretty good range, at least 40 feet.  I use it to check the temp of my tires and hubs on my RV and it works great for that.
 Can't go wrong for the price. I like the dual laser system that guides you as far as distance from the object being measured. It has an excellent chart for adjusting the emissivity if accuracy is critical. Fits nicely in the hand and has a solid feel.<br/>9V battery fits snuggly with no rattling. Has been very useful.
 I used this product to measure the air vent at my work. It's been on 24/7 and now I can prove it. Comes with battery and well explained instructions.
 I didn't know that I needed this. During the first week of receiving this I used it so many times to measure the temp while cooking. I expect to get more use out of this the longer I own it.<br/><br/>It's pretty simple to use. Backlit. Can switch between F and C. Includes a laser pointer. Great tool to have that will come in handy.
 I've been wanting one of these for a while. Just picked one up for more accurate vivarium temperature measurements. Love it, and love that it comes WITH a 9v battery. Seriously, who the heck has one of those just laying around! Kudo's on the awesome product!
 I have been using this for several months now and I totally love it. Its fast and gets the temperature read quickly. Only thing, my children fight over it, thinking it's a toy to play with the animals lol. Even our cat loves to chase the red light.
 This was a gift for my Father who regularly works with HVAC equipment. This laser thermometer allows his to check the temperature of air coming out of the vents on the ceilings from the middle of the room. Comparing it to other traditional equipment he has, it seems to be very accurate, and is quite quick. This is something that definitely saves him some time now.
 Item worked great day 1 out of the box. Day 2 it started getting a little finicky on reading temps. Day 3 the laser no longer lit up and temps are jumping all over the place.
 Can't say enough about this Digital Laser Thermometer.  We tested it against our standard thermometers and it consistently came in at less than a degrees difference.  I think if I were making candy, which has to be precise, I might use a standard Candy Thermometer but for normal everyday use, this is the perfect alternative!  We love ours!
 and usefull too. She checked the temp of everything. To the annoyance of almost everyone. But i used it to find a sticking caliper so im happy with it!
 I'm kitchen equipment and gadget addict, and this is my favorite.  I use it constantly.  When reheating cast iron to dry and oil it, I know when I'm at the temp I want.  Hot water for poached eggs at 200?  Yep.  Pans preheated the way I want?  Yes, sir.
 This is so much fun.  And much better than having to get down to pool level to look at a thermometer.  I think it reads a couple of degrees high though, thus not five stars. Definitely worth having.
 Just wanted to say how happy I am with my purchase. Very good quality and accurate next to a candy thermometer.<br/>SO glad I didn't convince myself I needed to spend more money to get good quality.<br/>I highly recommend this product
 I use this to get the right temperature water when refilling my fish tank. It takes constant readings as long as you hold the trigger so I can adjust the temp as I'm filling the bucket. Great price and it works well.
 Arrived defective. Laser pointer function for aiming detector did not work.<br/><br/>***UPDATE*** 10/21/2016<br/>Etekcity customer service sent email apologizing for defective product and shipped replacement to my home - NO HASSLE!!!  They also advised I did not need to return original defective product to Amazon.  I received the replacement and am pleased to report it works as advertised - no defects!  Well made and accurate temperature readings.  Etekcity apparently takes customer service seriously and has made me one happy customer.
 I ordered two of these.  Both worked after the included battery was inserted, but one read 35 degrees higher than the other.  I kept the normal one and returned the other.  The manufacturers customer service was excellent and immediately sent a replacement, without question.  I appreciate good customer service.
 I love this thing.  I use it near daily as a property manager and have had to buy replacements not because they break but because I gift to another to use.  It fits in a jean pocket if need be and I've measured temps of -20 to 150 I believe.  It is my favorite toy/tool.
 Love this little utensil.  It is very accurate.  All you have to do is point and shoot, with the laser to get the temp at that specific location.
 I love it. I've been running around all day measuring the temperature of things.<br/><br/>I don't have something really accurate to compare it to, but it reports results similar to other thermometers I have - and it seems quite consistent.<br/><br/>Very easy to use. Results are almost instant, although sometimes I see it take a few seconds to stabilize.<br/><br/>Good gift for the gadget fancier in your life.
 One of my favorite purchases.<br/>Accurate<br/>Easy to use<br/>Good instructions<br/>Features that are in high end high priced units<br/>good battery usage 9 volt standard<br/>Battery<br/>I like the dual beam convergent for high accuracy.
 I'm pleased the product worked once I installed my own battery. Tested their battery on battery tester to confirm it was a dud. Noting this here in case several more have the same problem so they can replace the batteries before sending them to you.
 Bought this to check if some electrical equipment was getting too warm.  It worked great and is a fun toy in addition to being a tool.  I found myself walking around the house checking temperature differences at windows to see where I should be directing future projects and checking the temperature of food to see if I would burn my mouth (although a meat thermometer works better for that).  All in all works great.
 I love it! Easy to use, clear display, reasonably priced and, frankly, loads of fun! Really useful in my kitchen as I am a novice when it comes to monitoring temperature while cooking. I bought an 'open box' version and couldn't be happier with the purchase.
 I purchased the digital laser thermometer for my cold process soap making and candle making. I highly recommend this thermometer. It comes with a battery and has lasted me a year so far and I haven't had to change it yet.  It's simple to use and easy to read. You can set it for Celsius or Fahrenheit.
 Not sure if it's accurate as I'd like but it does the job. Doubles as a laser pointer for my cat, so now she goes crazy when I try to check the temperature of something.
 Feels like a bait and switch, since there is no way to start or find contact info for a replacement to my failed unit.<br/>Why is that?
 We have a reptile room and the habitats need to be certain temps and checked often. So I bought this for my husband... He LOVES it !!  He spent all night running around the house checking the temperature of different items. The wood burning fireplace, the window, the dog and me...LOL
 Works okay. I don't think it works for most health departments because it's not an actual probe. However, it's a quick, simple, and clean way to get the job done if it's unofficial. Also good for training a mindset in your staff about food safe temperatures. "That which is measured is improved."
 I've tried several different thermometers recently and this one is my favorite! Point it at anything and it tells the temperature! Doesn't work through glass, including clear type liquids like water. I still use a stick type thermometer for inside temperature like meats and such but this one gets used for everything else. No on/off button, just pull the trigger and go!
 I’ve onky used it a few time &amp; seems to be perfect.  I was one degee off then My thermostat but who knows that could be the one that’s wrong.
 Stoped giving accurate temperature readings after only a few uses. Everything is over by 20 degrees from previous readings
 Great price and very cool! I have checked the temp of everything from the dog to the pool!<br/>So far does just what I need-checking temp on the fire and food while grilling.<br/>Not sure how durable it is, it's a plastic casing: don't advise dropping it.<br/>Would recommend for general use, not commercial grade at this price.
 For the price it is a pretty good tool. Works great at about 12" from where you are trying to read from. Any further and the laser is way off. It came with a battery which was convenient. Seems to be made with quality materials and though kind of small it fits well in the hand. The back light is a cool blue color as photographed.
 Works great.Cook on an electric stove and never know what temp I'm cooking at other than high, med, or low.Thinking about getting an induction cooking unit that has digital temp settings.This will help with my learning curve. Very well built, good price. Not my first Etekcity product.
 I've always wanted one of these and finally bought one. It works fantastically well. Nice solid construction. Easy to use and has a good feel in the hand.
 I loved this so much that I bought another. I keep one in the camper and one in the house.  Use it for many things including checking bath water temp.
 Overall, I like this product. It works well and use it all the time at work. I work in a restaurant and I use it in the kitchen and all over the restaurant. Checking refrigerators and taking temps.
 I bought this to test the temperature at the back of a wood burning stove to determine necessary clearances . . . and have been using it to test the surface temperature of just about everything in sight, indoors and out.  It's super easy to use and has a very welcome light function to make it easy to read in the dark.  It's reasonably priced, accurate enough for everyday use and fun!  It's the perfect white elephant gift!  Highly recommend it.
 Fast, easy and accurate. I use this primarily to determine the surface temperature of water for open water swim/triathlon training. Several comparison tests using this and a mercury pool thermometer have resulted in identical numbers. This IR thermometer is a fantastic value.
 The laser lost its strength after a few months, eventhough it shows has a full battery!<br/><br/>Update:<br/><br/>The company is a caring one, and send me a replacement :)
 I found this tool quite useful - the portable nature of this "thermometer" is very nice when you are moving about your work space (or where ever you use it). The only down side I can see to this item is that it is battery powered and the battery it uses (at least in my area) is a little difficult to find in rechargeable form ... it would be nice if it had a docking/charging station.
 SO Far I must admit with the price I expected a cheap top, by this feels very solidly built and it works!!!<br/>I use it when I'm bbqing it is not exact for internal temperature but it gives me. And instant ball park, what its great at is giving me the internal grill level teams
 Point-and-shoot, what could be easier?  Easy to use, particularly checking A/C intake vs. output (should be a 20°F difference - call the tech if it's not) and checking heat pattern on a JennAir glass cooktop.  Don't get too far away if you want better accuracy.  Great value for the price.<br/><br/>Also a great cat toy.  (My black cat is consistently about 7°F warmer than ambient, the white one about 5° warmer.)
 using over year now, works great and its temp is spot on same as my 4 others , accurate spot on temperature readings and well built tool
 works great no problems. I use it in my garage to make sure there is enough heat at the right spots . I have water lines im my garage and want to make sure I have the heat high enough just to keep the pipes from freezing
 I've wanted one of these for a long time, mainly because it's a cool gadget, so when I saw it on sale at Amazon, I ordered it. It does what it's advertised to do, seems well made, &amp; I like the rubberized finish on the handle. Money well spent, considering these things were well over $100 when they first came on the scene.!
 This helped me diagnose bad wheel bearings and brake performance. Saving me a lot of time, first time use paid for itself.<br/>Perfect Tool in the tool box.<br/>I found that bearing run about 150º F normally. The failing bearings will be running up to 350ºF after a short drive time, any higher temperature they stand a chance of catching fire.
 I'm still learning how to use it,  but it gives an almost instantaneous reading and will change quickly as you move from location to location.  Only caveat, is that obviously it can only give surface temperature (duh!).  I'm still figuring out where to aim it for an oven, and there's a big difference between the floor (close to the heat source) and the sides.  For the price,  it can't be beat.
 I bought this to help with Pizza burning on a pizza stone.  It shows me how unevenly the stone heats, so I know where to put the pizza and check to see it is not burning.<br/>I have used it more to troubleshoot a failing refrigerator thermostat. It pinppointed the problem so I ordered one part , not 3 to fix the frig.  It has paid for itself.
 I never knew how much I would end up using this thing. Anytime I heat up water for tea or coffee I always measure the temperate now. It's made a big difference the quality of the beverages I've been drinking. Most teas get bitter when you add boiling hot water. But when you add water that is 145* it's a much lighter and sweet flavor.
 I bought this to use with my Blackstone griddle, because holding my hand over it wasn't quite accurate.  I now know where the hot spots are and can cook accordingly.  I will also use this when grilling and smoking, along with my internal temp thermometer.
 Works great and fun to play with too!  Show it to your pals, and they'll want one!  Seems very accurate (to a degree or two) and certainly has it's uses.  I used to measure the wall temp opposite our house's circuit breaker panel because it seemed warm ... it was, and that's why the dimmer switch right there went bad and got almost RED HOT and could have burned the house down.  Out went the dimmer switch!  No more of these for me!  So the little gun has already paid for itself!
 Works pretty well.  Does not bipass even light steam well, so it will give you a read on the temperature of the steam rather than the temperature of the liquid that is steaming.
 Purchased this for son’s science project.  Gave fast readings on liquids and is as accurate as a probe thermometer I used as a control.  Plan to use this in cooking applications in the future
 Works great so far no issues it seems very accurate its right on point when I check temperatures alongside other gauges.
 This is a fun little tool to have.  You can measure the temp in the house where you think there may be drafts.  Or if you think something is emitting too much heat.  It’s accurate, and I’ve used it a lot.
 Bought this for soap making, but use it even more for frying on the stove top.  Perfect for getting the temp on hot oil, and does work great for soaping.
 Easy to use. Gives varying results depending on what type of surface you are pointing at, ie. shiney, wet.  Last night it showed my deck outside was 22° when all my other thermometers said it was actually around 34°.  Other than that it seems like it reads pretty accurately.  It has a little nightlight so you can use it in the dark.
 This is the perfect thing the check the temperature of your room and your house also you stood in my refrigerator that I just bought
 Hasn't kept the correct temp.  I'm going to contact the company because I think they'll help me understand why.  Might be my error.
 Quality device, feels great in the hand.<br/><br/>I was able to prove the temperature difference between my girlfriend's feet and her torso (20 degrees F, where mine was merely 6).<br/><br/>I heat water for tea or french press coffee with it.<br/><br/>Just an FYI, if you start measuring people's temperature at work from across the room they start to get annoyed.
 Likes:<br/><br/>• Pretty accurate within a degree or two<br/>• Simple way to satisfy your curiosity of how hot something might be<br/>• Excellent price point (even comes with the battery!)<br/>• Great build quality, seems like it’ll last a long time<br/><br/>Suggestions:<br/><br/>• make sure you read the directions to get an accurate temp reading, obviously distance makes a huge difference<br/>Overall:<br/><br/>This is one of those purchases that I made because I was interested in measuring couple different items around the house. The first thing I want to know was how hot the air was blowing out of my vents, then I moved on to my water temperature, and also trying to get a gauge of the temperature around my windows and sliding doors. Actually, I couldn’t believe some of the “cold spots “in my home. This gave me an idea of where to insulate for the winter to ensure my heat was most efficient. I can imagine countless things you could do with this unit… I think it’ll also be useful to measure temperatures for cooking purposes, hot water for a bath, manifold temp on a boat or car etc…. Everything worked hundred percent from the time I open the box and popped the included battery in. So I would definitely recommend this and give it five stars. I hope this helps you make your decision.
 Works great. I was in disbelief that my new deck coating was over 160 degrees as I stood there burning, so I opened my freezer &amp; checked it. 0 degrees. Instant reading.
 I am able to keep track of my wood burning stove, and possible fevers if my hubby gets sick.  It really is a neat tool.
 I use this thing everywhere. When grilling, when using the woodstove in the house, when working on my car, when diagnosing drafts in the house. This thing has infinite uses and is really fun to play with as well. Great value mine has been running for 1 year now.
 Works great. This is my second such infrared thermometer, first one fell in the food truck sink, it didn't survive!<br/>If you own a restaurant this is a must have inorder to monitor your fridges! I'm out of that game, but it helped me find where the gaps in my house were, and to see if my new commercial oven was heating correctly.<br/><br/>For the price, it's worth it
 Battery included was dead....terminal for connection was damaged...fixed connection installed new battery and product worked fine...
 Ok, don't laugh but I bought this too fry fish so I would not have to have a thermometer in the oil. It worked, sort of. When I first put the oil in I could not get a good reading because I think it was reading the cast iron skillet through the oil, but once I added fish and hushpuppies and the oil got some particulate in it, it worked like a champ, I compared it to my thermometer that was in the oil and it was within a few degrees, plenty close enough for my needs.
 use it around the house all the time. seems to be accurate. i check the air coming out of the heat/airconditioning vents and compare it to the air going into the intake; also interesting to see the temp difference at the doors and windows during the winter months. Price is very good for this unit.
 Works perfect out of the box.  Finding drafts around windows, and making sure outlets are not hot.  Accurate read in the oven and toaster, the back yard, near the thermostat, water from the faucets, soup, roasts, frying pans, cat (the cat loves the red dot), ceilings, rooms, appliances, around the doors, windows, spouse, and on and on.  Don't know how I lived without it.
 I use this to check the temps in my reptile enclosures. Helps me make sure the thermostat is keeping everything at the right temperature range. Good value for the price.
 A must have for BBQ.  Using it will accurately let you know temperature of your grill, whether gas or charcoal.  No guess in knowing the right temperature before you start grilling.  Easy to use.  get it.  it is worth it, especially for the charcoal grillers.
 I have purchased several other brands that were very expensive and have had mixed results with their accuracy. This product has been accurate every time I have put it to the test against other thermometers. Due to my position at work I need to be able to provided quick temperature ranges and this product has made my job much easier. Don't be skeptical of the price.
 Works great. Very good price. Had it for a while now and has been reliable totally. Works well as an outdoor thermometer (pointed at the fence not in the sun). Point it at a clear blue sky and be amazed. On a 40°f Texas winter day it reads -50°f pointed at the sky. Have no idea if that is at all accurate but is interesting!
 The practical uses are great! I was able to check all of but air vents, and my food. The fun doesn't just stop there, my animals love chasing the laser, and its fun taking temperatures of EVERYTHING you can think of just because you can. Haha
 I received as a gift - it did not work - customer service sent me another and i returned the failed product.<br/>I am well please  with this product and the customer service I received.  Thanks
 Compared readings of this infrared thermometer to several Raytek's that I use.  This read the same as a couple of the newer Raytek's.  A couple of the Raytek's were off, this wasn't.
 did not work at all it says Hi,  Lo n or 32 degrees Celsius, tried changing the battery same thing, sending it back.
 Fun little gizmo. Used it mostly to check for cold spots around the office (so we can give numbers with a complaint that if feels cold). Checked against a standard thermometer it seems to be ballpark accurate. Noticed that the laser is not well aligned. It can be adjusted by poking with a toothpick but nothing would  keep it from moving due to vibration and impact. Only really affects long range shots and the dot may still fall within the temperature sensor field.
 It is accurate, works like a charm and has a bright LED screen I can see even with my glasses off. I'd give it 10 stars if I could
 Accuracy maybe off by a degree or two but not a hidden factor in their literature. I used it to determine where the shortcomings were in my basement that needed new insulation and by far cheaper DIY with this than hiring a Company to do the same. Love it and no doubt will have countless uses for it
 Well, you point it at things at it says a temperature. The temperatures seem to be accurate relative to each other BUT unless I'm missing some calibration step, it thinks my glass of ice water is 78 degrees F, and my skin is 108 degrees F, and I can't say that I agree.<br/>2 stars because it has a laser. Also 2 stars because it does not seem to tell the real temperature.
 Checked it against our probe thermometer and was within a degree or two.  Works well for soapmaking because you dont need two separate thermometers for lye watee and oils. After attaching battery, i have been unable to close the compartment completely, but as its on the handle, i hold it closed when i use it.
 It worked the first day. Now it wont work. Tried a new battery just in case. Worked again for another day. Stopped working again. Waste of money.
 Works like a charm and comes with a battery great price and we'll built definitely worth it great purchase
 Use it all the time.  Not just when I am cooking on the grill.  But for everything.  Used it on the oven the other day and it was right on with temp.  Used it on the pool over the summer to keep the right temp.  Use it at work to see if it is to hot to roll the asphalt or sealcoat.  Very handy.
 works great and has been very useful in scoping temperatures on various surfaces. The led feature help pinpoint where the measurement is being taken
 This is my second Etekcity temp gun I have purchased. I have used mine for over a year for many different uses and decided to buy one for my daughter to use for cooking and grilling. This is an excellent temp gun with exceptional quality and accuracy!  I have used other similar products that cost much more , are not as accurate and have not lasted as long. I highly recommend this product.
 I use this laser thermometer in my home watch business. It is pretty accurate, even when pointed at cathedral ceiling height air returns to measure air conditioner performance.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R3RZ7FY40F4VK5"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B166ytxszFS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1cXNZFPYUS.png"/> I use this on my motorcycle to diagnose which cylinder isn't running right, by pointing it at the exhaust header and measuring the temperature there.
 Love it and use more than I thought. I have used to check skillet temp, difference in wall temp, water temp, suns passive heating affect indoors and much more. Haven't even used on checking various heating of vehicle parts that was part of the reason for buying.
 Tough to beat the price and size of these. Durable, has held up to very rough field service, drops, water and lots of dirt. Still works perfectly. Small enough to put in a pocket and have it handy for inspection work.
 The Lasergrip accuratly measures all the items it was pointed at. We are using it to determine the water temperature in our pool. It gives us the surface temperature of the pool without worrying about losing the thermometer down to the bottom of the pool, or bending down to read the thermometer.
 Worked great for a few weeks. Now it reads 90 degrees even though it is clearly only 50 degrees
 What, only five stars!!! Greatest thing since sliced bread, we measure all kinds of stuff around the house. The option to turn on or off either the backlight or laser pointer facilitates day or night use. I bought it mainly for checking the temperature of the new woodstove we installed, but we end up measuring walls and windows for cold air and drafts, food, coffee. Works in the kitchen too, I used it to check the water temp before adding yeast for bread dough. Oh, and yes it seems all those textbooks and teachers at school were correct - water DOES boil at 210 degrees &lt;grin&gt;. After reading other reviews - Now we have to go out and get a kitten so we can use the laser to play "cat up a wall".
 Seems to work. But don't have a way to verify the readings.  The only flaw is that documentation is not so great.  For example, nothing written on how to open the battery compartment.
 My wife asked for this thinking it was a meat thermometer, which it isn't.  But I've found a BUNCH of other uses for this thing around the house--checking for air leaks, seeing if the deck was safe for bare feet, how hot is the dishwasher's wash cycle--for the money this is a heck of a useful gadget!  Highly recommended.
 I love this! Used it for my ball pythons tank!<br/>Very accurate readings, very long battery life, durable.
 its about +1.25 degree off of my other sensors, but otherwise seems very reliable.  i find you gotta hold the trigger down 2 seconds for it to settle into its most accurate read.  product enhancement:  a) let user calibrate unit within 1 degree  b) let user pull up last read at touch of button  c) leave display on 5 seconds longer.
 This works for what it is needed for.  The only thing I dont like is, the display must be at eye level in order to read it. Once you release the trigger is saves the temperature and you just bring it eye level.  Other products that i have used in the past the screen can be seen at every angle.
 Love this! got it cause I was determined that our bedroom was hotter than the rest of the house, and it is! Seems to be accurate but crazy to see how different one wall to the next can be temperature wise. Gave it 4 stars because I am sure the accuracy is not 100% but within an acceptable range of 1-2 degrees off.
 Well made and appears to be quite accurate when comparing to a second now calibration 'checked' unit. Temp range is fine for my needs; other folks may require lower and higher limits. Sturdy. Instruction very clear --- NO WARRANTY INFORMATION IN OR ON PACKAGE.
 I use this for wax casting in rubber/plaster molds. Seems it's pretty precise with temperature reading.<br/>I get better results by using this reader than by just eyeballing the temperature of wax, layer after layer.<br/>Good tool for bronze sculptors!
 went thru 2 other guns in the last year, this one feels solid, rubber feel to the grip and seems accurate, it doesnt have a laser light target but other than that i hope it lasts longer than the other name brand junk
 my new toy!!  I use this to check the accuracy of my freezer, fridge, oven and outside thermometers.  This is accurate and so fun to play with, will make a great gift!!
 I got this to check temps in my soap making. Recommended by the author of the soapmaking book I got. It's awesome. And instantly gives reading.
 Seems to give accurate readings &amp; I haven't damaged any clear coat yet when heating truck panels to 175*
 Practical and fun!  Easy to use to check sidewalk temperature before walking the dog - because sometimes it gets HOT earlier than we think!<br/>Checked out the temp of other things around the house, too - like I said fun and practical!
 Leveled up my soup and tea game - no longer do I get my mouth needlessly burned on painful trial and error! Also addictive. Basically, since I got it I obsessively check the temperature of stuff.
 I got this device to measure ammo and barrel temp for long range precision rifle shooting. Works great! It’s fun to just play with too.
 Do it
 Excellent unit and easy to use.  Great item to have around the house if you were to have a wiring problem or other problem in the wall as you would be able to detect a fire before and serious damage!
 Quality of this product is outstanding. I have had it for about 5 months now and there has been zero flaws, and zero problems. Battery life is also long and well. I use it all the time and have never had to replace the battery
 A lot cheaper at wal-mart and it works sometimes but not always.  you have to lay with it. Kept it too long before I open it. I only needed it a few times. So I got my moneys worth.
 This is fun to use, but it is also very informational. We have lots of cold spots in our house, and this helped us locate and try to fix them if possible.
 Works awesome for checking the effectiveness of my HVAC system. Compared with a meat thermometer at ambient temperature and it was within a degree or two. Seems to be very accurate. Doubles as a great laser pointer for cats as well.
 my first 'laser thermometer.'  Does a great job getting surface temperatures from a safe distance.  Laser pointer function is helpful to aim the thermometer.  Very easy to use.  I use it mostly when grilling and cooking.
 had two of these for about 1.5 years now. they work great, can't complain. i guess you can't really go wrong with one of these. not many moving parts to break
 I was outside pointing this thing around my car, trees, birds, squirrels and my g/f was watching me confused as to why I'm pointing the thermometer around like a gun.  I jokingly told her it measures how organic and pure the material is and that the squirrel in the backyard was 80% squirrel, 10% mice and 5% rat.  I also let her know the tree in our backyard is actually oak, not maple.  "Not sure why it sheds maple leaves during fall is beyond me!" I said.  I told her evolution is taking place in our own little backyard and this machine would tell me how much BS our nature really is.  She was not amused...<br/><br/>Okay for the serious part of the review, the gun color looks just like a Fluke meter as shown below.  It has rubber coating all around including the trigger which feels really nice.  In fact I was holding it while sitting on the couch and again my g/f asks why I was still holding it watching TV???  It feels THAT good.  I brought it with me when I went pee, grabbed a beer and each time measured what the temperatures were (pee + aiming the gun = amusing result).  This doesn't scream cheap Chinese plastic instrument either.  It's very smooth yet not sticky like cheap rubber and doesn't stink like the wheel chocks I bought from Amazon recently (see my review).<br/><br/>Trigger turns the unit on with the background light, point it and release the trigger and the unit will hold that temperature for easy reading.  Just like when I hop on the scale every morning and reminds me how fat I am and just to be a dick the thing flashes at me.  The laser pointer is nice for pinpoint accuracy (those squirrels are small so you have to point it like you're about to fry him for dinner).  The bluish backlight is helpful as well.  The unit auto shuts within 20 seconds or so.<br/><br/>And no, don't go pointing this thing around like a gun either even with the yellow tip.  The laser is no joke folks, you can damage one's eyes permanently.  There's a warning label there for a reason.  In my profession we take laser emission (visible or not) very seriously.  If you need to aim this at people, aim for the crotch and laugh hysterically how hot their crotch is and see their expression.<br/><br/>Overall I've been using this as a toy more so than what I intended to use this for originally working on my car repairs (involves a heat gun).  I was surprised to see the amount of draft coming in from the bottom of the slide doors with temperatures dropping by 10 degrees and electrical switches that saw 5 degrees below the ambient temperature.  I pointed this to my head in front of the mirror and measured 93 degrees at the temple.  My dog, about 97 degrees.  My cat, well, the laser was distracting her and realized I hadn't changed out the dead battery in her old laser pointer.  Perfect!
 I bought this to check the temperature of the subcutaneous fluids I give to my cat.  Seems to be very reliable and well-made.  It feels sturdy and long-lasting.  I highly recommend!
 Works great, I bought it for soap making but it has turned ut to be useful for many things, glad I bought it!
 Sent back.  It did not work.
 I bought this to check the water temperature for my baby’s bath and it works great! Love to have the peace of mind!
 I use it to read temp for RTV kubota, and tractor and autos, had several while working temp reached over 200 which is not good, took them all in and had the radiator cleaned and boom back at 180. also use it on my grill as back up read
 - reliably gives temperature of cooking oil<br/><br/>- entertains pets<br/><br/>- looks and feels like a science fiction weapon
 Not only is it useful, it’s just plain fun to check the temp on EVERYTHING you own! Lol! Also it works great!
 After 18 months and less than 30 minutes of use it is completely dead. I appreciate the 2 year warranty and sure they'd make good on it but for the price of replacement I don't feel like jumping through the hoops. I liked it when it was working. It has lived in a nice dry drawer the whole time so no reason to die.
 My husband, in restaurants, says this is his most useful gift.  He can point and scan all steam tables without cleaning his thermometer over and over.
 I'm sure this will work fine once I figure out how to get the battery compartment open.  After spending 10 minutes trying to figure it out as there are no instructions as to how to open it other than "Open battery compartment",  I called Customer Service.  After being told which way to pull, neither my husband or I could get it open.  I'm hoping when my son gets home, he'll be able to get it open.
 Out of the box this thermometer was reading 12 degrees off on the high side.  With no way to recalibrate this is a worthless item and a waste of money. Now instead of a useful tool I have an errand I have to run.  Thanks for nothing!
 As a reptile owner, I need to keep meticulous track of the temperatures in my snake tanks/cages. I saw that this product had great reviews, so I decided to pick one up.<br/><br/>Honestly, this is one of those products that makes my life so much easier. I'm able to check the temperatures of my tanks quickly and accurately. Being able to turn the laser on and off is really nice (especially since my cats tend to be attracted to the laser, haha). It's also neat to be able to check the temperatures of other things around the house and in the garage, too.
 I bought one and took it to work.  Everyone wanted to use it to take temps on food.  I gave mine to my boss and then ordered two more, one for myself and one for my son.  We both work in the food industry.  Great product, but you also need a regular thermometer for internal temperatures.
 Works, used for soap, and to randomly check the temperature of things, seems pretty accurate for soap, since some of my soaps will literally set up in the pot if off by a few degrees.
 Product seems fine.  Have used it for 2 months or so.  Hasn't been long enough to know about battery or durability.
 Now I know how high to set my flame to get my cast iron skillet to the right temp for searing burgers/steaks.
 100% as-represented.  Replaced previous broken MasterMechanic unit.  This one appears better built, is cheaper and smaller.  And the price is less than 1/2.  I use for cooking, vent balancing, computer equipment monitoring....all kinds of stuff.  At the price, I regard as "must have" gizmo.
 Using this to trouble shoot engine cooling problems. Easy to use and appears fairly accurate. I thought I would have to spend a lot more money to get one of these. FAST SHIPPING.
 Satisfied with my purchase, keep it in my truck's glove box to monitor my RV's tires and wheel bearings while traveling. Hope it will save me from a tire blow-out or alert me to wheel bearings needing greased.
 We purchased this because we bought a new gas stove with various sized burners. Each burner seems to heat pans and skillets a little differently and one cannot rely on the "gas mark" for accurate measurement. If I can get the cooking surface of the pan within 15° of the desired target I am satisfied. Repeated readings seem to be fairly consistent (within 10°) which suits my purpose.
 Accurate and well built. Very trusty piece of gear that is a great help in the kitchen with surface temps.
 Awesome. We use for so much. Checking heating / ac vents. Checking oven temp. Getting water temp right for bread making. Finding hot / cold spots in the house.
 Used all day everyday at work for over a year. Great tool. No sense in dropping 100 bucks on a Klein. This does the job, is well made to boot. Compared it to a flimsy Southwire one they stock in the shop. This blows that one away.
 ordered several as gifts. everyone loves them. kept one for myself and it's really surprising how often you use this relatively new tool. pointed it at the heat duct in the high vaulted ceiling to see if it was putting out heat and it was. From that far away it read the temp the same as the other ducts in the house, within a degree or two. Works great.
 Product worked when I got it used once and wemt to use again couple months later and it wouldnt turn on very disappointed
 Purchased to check griddle temperature on a newly acquired Camp Chef stove.  Works very well, kind of fun to play with too!
 Finding it very useful for all kinds of things like checking the temperature in my freezer and refrigerator how hot my coffee maker gets my coffee, and finding cold spots were I need to update Weatherstrip. I'm sure I'll find other uses like on my car.
 My husband and I had a lot of fun with this when it was delivered. Now we use it for what it was intended. It takes the guess work out of knowing when a pan is hot enough to add chops, burgers or fish. One of the best tools we've found in years, and so reasonably priced.
 We live in a log cabin that has never been chinked. Bought this in the winter and was amazed how easy it was to detect cold spots between the log courses. For a warmer winter, we are chinking the entire cabin this summer.
 Excellent product. Works every bit as good as the "big boys". (My wife says it's just another toy! Can you believe that?)
 I bought this to make soap and thought it would be more convenient than using thermometers but it is off but 10 or so degrees. The seller contacted me after reading my review and offered me my money back or a new device. As I hadn’t used it to make soap before the return period, I feel this was a high level of customer service and even though the product didn’t work for me, I wouldn’t  hesitate to recommend purchasing the product
 Extremely easy to use and very well priced. Would buy again if needed and would recommend to anyone
 OK, I didn't really NEED this, but it's been fun to have.  Moved into new house and tested a/c vents, oven, lights etc...  Super easy to set up and use.
 My husband ordered this for work. He never told me how it works so I figured if he wasn’t complaining about it or raving about it that it was an “okay” product.
 Only thing I don't like about this is that the battery cover doesn't stay on. But overall good product.
 The one we got it for was so excited to get this so much I want to get one for myself
 Works well. As best as I can tell, it is fairly accurate. Have used it to spot check home to find cold spots in a room with a draft. Was able to ID the location and resolve the issue.<br/><br/>I also found it useful for rough checking a variety of things like cooktops, bath water, and heat loss from piping.
 for the price, it's a great product. If you want more precise measurements I would spend a bit more money. However, I just use it for my bearded dragon enclosure so it does quite well
 Use primarily for cooking. Now I can easily tell when the frying pan is hot enough. Can check temperature of beverages coming out of microwave. Also used it to check temperature of asphalt here in Tucson - 160º+ (don't take your dog out on that!) Just don't try to take the temperature of someone's eyeball!
 You'll find oodles of uses for this device, and it's fun to show to people that have never seen one.<br/><br/>I've used it for candy making, checking the temperature of my oven, verifying the accuracy of remote temperature senders, etc.<br/><br/>Quite accurate, given the cost; mine is off by just 1 degree Fahrenheit.
 i purchased this to use in my pizza oven to make sure the temp is accurate. works great, very light and compact. very user friendly also. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00837ZGRY/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_64
 I use this at work to test the ambient temperature of a space versus the supply air coming in.
 SO nice to get a quick digital reading from the surface of pan or food.  Have watched TV chefs using them, and finally it's my turn.  The 9-volt battery that came with it went in easily and the use is very simple and straightforward.  The enclosed instructions and warnings were most intent on making sure the user would remember the laser IS dangerous, so use it carefully and only as intended.  Glad we sent for it!
 Works like a charm... Though I don't have another laser gun to compare readings; It does seem to work as advertised.
 Easy to use and recommended<br/><br/>I need to check body temperature everyday, and it's easy to just point and shoot. A couple of things to remember:<br/>A. Make sure the distance is consistent otherwise the reading can be different each time.<br/>B. Understand there is a calibration required since the surface temperature is lower than 98.6.
 Bought this to check the temp on duck eggs that I'm incubating. It came with a battery, and works great right out of the package!
 The most important tool to have with soapmaking and this is so nice!! I would buy again if I had to.  Is not cheap quality.
 I've got an arctic weather dog, whose heat tolerance doesn't exceed 85 degrees Fahrenheit.  When deciding whether to run the AC, leave her in the car while I run errands, I can just beam this thing directly at where she will be resting.  The floor, the back seats of my car, the asphault that's been baking in the sun all day.  And within 2 seconds, I have my answer.
 Purchased this to check for cold air drafts and it appears to work very well ..  Have had this only a few days.
 I bought this just for fun. I like knowing about how temperature affects my environment, but a bonus use came up while I was baking. It helped me find a place to prove my bread and helped keep the liquid components at the right temperate.
 Used for various things around the house and car. Tested against a thermometer and was very accurate.
 Ended up being more of a toy for my 65 year old father - how hot is the TV, how hot is my foot, how hot is the fireplace - then being used with the grill, but the readings did appear accurate from what we could judge. We did not receive widely out of the ordinary temperatures.
 Ready to go, right from the blister packaging--batteries included.  Easy-to-see laser shows you what you're pointing at, and the temperature seems pretty accurate.
 Very handy tool. Can now walk around and find information about my business regarding my air conditioners, hot spots (lights, monitors, motors) and food areas (refrigeration, cooking surfaces, etc). built well fr the price.
 Works better than the original, older model #630. Responds faster and is smaller.  It works great for measuring the end point for roasting your own espresso coffee beans in a hot air corn popper!
 Nice tool to have. Easy to read display and can be used with or without the laser light. Seem to be very accurate on the readings. After getting this I found out while playing with it that my thermostat on the A/C unit in the house was reading high. Yes I double checked with other thermometers.
 We use this for constantly measuring the temperature of our homemade soap oils. It works extremely well and is very accurate. It's infinitely easier and more convenient than dipping in an old-fashioned thermometer. Love it!
 I bought this to monitor temperatures on my custom led grow light. Works fine. I also use it to check the temp in my oven when baking.
 This thing reads temperature very quickly and very accurately. Very hard beat for the price. I cook almost everyday and I use this thing all the time. Great handy device for general purpose use.
 This was one of the hits of Thanksgiving. It helps you find hot spots on your pan, figure out exactly when your pan is the right temp - and our son also used it for a science experiment, where he had to monitor the temperature of various liquids.
 This thermometer is amazing.  I purchased it to use in my cosmetic and soap making.  It is so much easier, and saves a lot of time, to be able to just point and shoot to obtain the temperature of my products.  Now, to keep my daughter from stealing it from me!!
 It works well without having to be calibrated right around in the box it is accurate within a few degrees all I'm all I think it's a good buy.
 Well pleased. Sturdy built. Use in automotive work. Check for dragging brakes on rotors, check each header pipe for cold cylinder and check radiator for blockage spots
 Seems to be more or less accurate depending on the color of what you are measuring.
 A Thermometer on steroids.... wish this thing allowed you to reach internal tempature. But other then that, great product.
 This item works perfectly.  It's handy and it's fun to play around with.
 I've run around the house inside and out, testing this on different surfaces and believe that it is plenty accurate for my uses (mostly kitchen).  It's also faster and cleaner than previous tools :)
 Works pretty well.  One flaw is that the aim point (the laser dot) is not precisely aligned with the IR sensor.  Takes some getting used to but can work OK as long as you recognize this aim point problem and correct for it.
 So far I am very pleased with this.  It seems to be fairly accurate.  I like that it takes a standard battery, instead of the super expensive coin style battery.  I also like that it has the red laser pointer.  It makes it easier to accurately aim.  This is a great tool for the price.
 I love this product! It’s very easy to use and accurate. Highly recommend
 Works great. Aim it at whatever you want to know the temperature and it is usually right.
 Tho I have yet to use it for any practical purpose, it seems there are endless ways in which it CAN be used, so I'm happy to have it.  Will even take my body temp!
 This is probably one of the best products I have ever bought on amazon.  I used this to check room, oven, freezer temperatures.  It is right on and extremely easy to use. I even found a pinhole leak in my HVAC system .
 Arrived defective.  The trigger to activate the device did not always turn it on.  Sometimes when trigger was pressed and held to take a continuous reading, it would turn off.  Pretty sure the unit was defective.  When it did work though, temp reading was accurate.
 What a "toy"! Fun to use, too! Seems accurate enough for my needs in comparing temps in a specific area. Great price and knowledge it offers. So many applications. Initially bought it to maybe help determine "safe" spots to drill into travel trailer walls, like where the "studs" might be.
 Fun to play with. I use it for checking oil I am frying with on stove, works great helps me keep oil from burning and also not frying to low causing food to soak up oil.
 This product works just as well as the much more expensive versions that HVAC technicians use.
 Still on the original battery and use all the time for cooking and even house insulation prep for the winter.
 I use this in the kitchen. The plastic on the handle became sticky after about a year, I think because of an interaction with some kind of cleaning chemical.
 an attractive temp gun, well made . This is better way to check the doneness of meat, vegies, ect. The price is very affordable. I would recommend this product.
 Bought it to read the temperatures of my Bearded Dragon’s home and the standard thermometers you get for reptiles aren’t always accurate. So i decided to get this to check on his Basking spot and cool end of the cage. It makes it super easy to do as well 👍
 Awesome thing, comes in handy at the most random times. Great for cooking, around the house work, automotive, or just plain old curiosity!
 Excellent unit for the performance and price, running for more than a year.  Using it for check temp of my meal on back yard grill, as well to check the temp on the vents of my AC here in FL.
 Cheap, but works well and is still holding up.  I use it for finding hot spots/ over heated transistors in electronic equipment and I'm very happy with it's performance.
 Fantastic.  No more questions of; what's my greenhouse temperature ? What's the temperature of the steak? What's the surface temperature of the cat? What's the temperature of my PC?
 I'm not sure about the accuracy of this device, but it at least gives me a "ballpark" figure of what the temp is. I have compared it with other thermometers and it seems to usually be within a degree or two. So it's really not for serious high precision measurement, however it is good as a guide. Works great on barbecues as well.
 So far its been a fun tool. I use it mainly for cooking. It is a great addition to my kitchen. I am learning sous vide cooking and my immersion circulator is dead accurate according to this temp meter. Also lets me know the temp of skillets on my gas range for searing.
 Works well. It doesn't read shiny surfaces or liquid. I tested it against my digital thermopen and it was right on.
 Cheaper, and better than the last one I had. More accurate than my last one.. Being able to turn on/off the laser is a plus.  So far no issues, and works great for checking temps in the reptile enclosures.
 So useful around the house and shop. Measure the temp of almost anything with this Best Buy Non-contact Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer.<br/>I found it to be very accurate + or - 3 degrees F. More options than others costing more.
 Works great, and I use it for a lot more things than I though I would.  Examples:  checking temps of recessed lights for air leaks in the winter; also, one day I got the wood burning stove burning pretty hot.  I used this to check the temp of the stovepipe where it enters the ceiling.
 I can't figure out how to start the numbers on zero.<br/>There always on 80 when I use the thing so I don't know if I'm getting a accurate number or not. It didn't come with good directions.
 Many uses. Have used it to check the oil in a deep fryer and backed it up with a good digital thermometer. Readings were 2 degrees apart and no oil drips to clean up after using the IR thermometer. Helped me locate a bad window seal this winter.
 This is a relatively inexpensive toy.  Of course, you can use it for practical applications, like, checking the temp of your food or coffee so you don't burn your mouth.  You can use it to test the temperature of water before cooking noodles.  You can check dog poop to see if it is fresh.
 I think this a cool device to have around the home,  if you are looking for cold air leaks, or maybe want to know what your fireplace glass temp is...  many uses,,,  although I need to play with it some more...  If I had maybe i'd rate it higher!
 This little gadget is great.  It works with just the push of a button, and I run all around the house checking temperatures.  I check the windows, doors, floors, walls, etc.  It's actually helped me identify some areas where cold air was getting in.  A little weather stripping, and it's all better.
 Will update in the future and buy multiple to compare with.
 Works perfect and comes with a free redeemable extended warrenty on top of the normal warrenty. Battery comes with it inside the handle unhooked and battery is plastic sealed.
 Bought for pool and is very close to floating thermometer reading. Have found other uses also. Works nicely. No complaints
 Exactly what I expected. Compact, fast,reproducible, excellent (and quite brief) instructions. I've had no problems, and I don't like unsolicited email, but a "can we help?" email from their customer service was appropriately done, and motivated this product review ....
 This is an amazing option at a very affordable price. I’m an hvac tech and all my buddies have 80$ plus temp guns. This one performs exactly the same as theirs at a fraction of the cost. All the spec are the same as the less than 100$ guns. 12:1 door ratio .95 fixed emissivity. This thing is dead on accurate.
 Great for checking surface temperatures (hadn’t realized how cold my apartment is!), and fun to play with.
 i use this to check my ball python's cage temps. its easy to use and came fast in the mail !
 It is great to check your a/c. Temperature.  Great product.  Thank you
 Works as it should, easy to use, light weight. This also makes a great cat toy lol. I've used it more for kitty entrainment than its intended purpose and the battery has lasted very well.
 Accurate within a degree in my usage.<br/><br/>Useful for cooking (checking cooking oil, water, the oven).<br/><br/>Also good for checking thermal leakage in your house/apartment, and random objects. Some of the more interesting items measured: stove eye &gt;Max, heater vent 100°F, freezer 20°F.
 Operates exactly as advertised. Nice size and weight (very light).Backlit  display is a nice touch.Instructions are concise.
 I live in Michigan where winter is harsh.  I wanted to know what areas of my house has less insulation and thus leaks heat making my furnace run very hard on cold days.  I have been using this for last two weeks and I am very satisfied with this product.  It seems quite accurate.  You can point and click on any surface including glass.  You can keep the trigger pressed and sweep across the surface and it shows temperature across the surface with continuous updating screen.
 Excellent product excellent shipping works perfect for this price you can't beat it
 This is working great for cp soaping process. Fast, easy to use, and accurate.
 Works great!  Also functions as a nice cat laser that’s easier to hold. Multi functional.
 Product functions as advertised. Readings appear to be accurate within the range specified when compared to other thermometers. I mostly use this to check tire and bearing hub temperatures on my truck and 5th. wheel RV while traveling. Quick and easy to use and display is bright enough to see in sunlight.
 Excellent and ez to use. I got this for my oven in basement which is old and the setting knob is not accurate. I check the temperature for accuracy!! This is great for cold spots and hot sots around house and for also checking temperature on my a/c.Plus for the price it cant be beat!!
 Product was great for a week then it went completely dead. New battery did not make a difference
 I am happy with what I have used it for so far.  I plan on using it for cooking but we used it today to find out we were right, the air conditioning isn't evenly cooling the house.
 Great to test temperature without opening oven door.  Test lake/pond temperature for safe boating too!
 This product is awesome. I have used it several times already. The package came in great shape and instructions were easy to start using right away. I love it . I would recommend the product. I use it to make soap and find it works great.
 This is the greatest thing I have ever bought for my kitchen! When I am heating up liquids I just zap it and know the temp immediately. Especially for hot oil. You can know how hot your coffee is with this instantly as well. What a wonderful thing to have! Buy it!!!!!!!!!!!
 Let me tell you this thing has been thru the ringer so far and it’s held up GREAT I love it !
 Not accurate at all. Would not recommend.
 Seems a little inconsistent with readings, but overall I like it and feel that it was a good buy.
 Only had for a few days, seems to be accurate and good price.
 Pretty fun to use, even if it's not for what it's made for. Hahaha, but it did help me find out the temp of things.
 I have not had any battery issues and whether it's super accurate or not it seems, at least, to be consistent.  I have taken numerous measurements of the same surface multiple times in a row and gotten the same reading each time.  I have also been using this as a tool and a toy for a few weeks now and the battery is still going strong.
 I LOVE this thing!! I checked the temps on the fans in some of my computer's. Three of the center bearings were running at 140-170 F degrees, while ALL the others were running at 85 F tops. Two days later one of the hot fans failed. I replaced the other two before they had a chance to die completely. That is one of my REAL reasons for getting it.<br/>  What I use it the most for however is to check the temp of my coffee! I find that over 145 degrees I burn my lips and tongue. At 142 I am good to go. So, no more burned lips or cold coffee! Laugh!<br/>  I know it's dumb but you will find yourself testing everything you find. Best $18 I ever spent! I got a great tool AND a GREAT TOY at the same time, all for one price!<br/>  I find it very accurate as well. Even under MY tongue it reads 99.1 Close enough for me! Buy one, you will feel 10 years old again, for a week or two anyway. Then if nothing else, you can use it to actually WORK with. But where else can you buy that "10 year old" FEELING for $18?
 I cook a lot on my Weber charcoal BBQ. This thermometer is absolutely essential in getting the meat out at the right temperature. If you want to stop guessing, this is the way to go. A great value for the money. Also the cats love to chase the red dot around the living room.
 Works well, but if you don't take out the battery it will drain it dry very quickly.
 This is a great thermometer.  I had the hardest time cooking pancakes (stick to a cold pan, burn in a hot pan).  My stove simply is not great at choosing a temp.  I use this thermometer to get my frying pan heated to exactly 375.  Works great.  Great price.
 Purchased for use in cold process soap making. Great item. Just as advertised. Half the price of the identical thermometer at Bramble Berry.
 This product is so cool.  I sort of bought it as a toy, but it's wonderful.  I've used it to track leaky ducts (it's pinpointed small holes), drafty doors or windows, the temperature of a bath, and to see how effectively my new fridge has been cooling.  It's quite precise and love the fact that it auto-shuts off after 20 seconds or so of inactivity.<br/><br/>I'd give it 6 stars if i could!
 I use this surface thermometer for so many things, I wonder what I did without it.  Checking simmer temps of soup and stew to reading out the temperature zones in my refrigerator, this little bundle of "works right, price right, ease of use right" really fits the bill.  I would rate it higher if a 6th star was available.  I have ordered several for friends who saw and used mine, all with the same result...total satisfaction. And a usual, Amazon shipping came through with flying colors.
 Easy to use, got one for each of my guys and they work great
 How cool and fun this has turned out to be. Paddle boarder, kayaker and old surfer. Just for fun decided to take and record water temps up and down CA coast when I head out. No one has screamed or run off when I use it. Was a bit concerned about that.
 I use this for my medical practice testing the skin temperate for when I am doing lasers. Works great!
 I bought this for my husband. He wanted to check his semi truck's engine temperature, he is very thankful of it! And it's working great.
 Complete waste of money. It's not even close to measure the temperature accurately.
 great product. i had trouble fixing my heater and also had problems with my coolant system i found the problems much faster this heat sensor than by traditional methods. great for working on your motor. a must buy
 I've been using this thing primarily for cooking.  Has been great for checking the temp of the oil in the cast iron skillet and checking grill temperature.  Great product for the price!
 I love this little guy.  Seems to be accurate.  The indigo backlight is very useful for low light conditions.  Holding the trigger gives a constant/live reading and releasing the trigger holds the last temp on the screen.  This allows you to fire the trigger and get a reading without having to see the screen.  The grip is slightly rubberized and feels good in the hand.
 Bought this item during the prime day sale. Works as they say and for the price you really couldn't complain reads the temps just like any other temp gun and is pretty accurate.
 I've been wanting to purchase a non-contact digital reader for a long time.  It works OK, but accuracy to fine degrees is yet to be verified.
 There is nothing wrong with this digital thermometer. It does what it is meant to do. It measures the surface temperature of an inanimate object. However, I think the description needs to be edited as you should not use this for gauging the temperature of your cooked meat. It will only give you the surface temperature not the internal. Not Etekcity's fault...my fault for not thinking this thru.
 This works well and I've had no issues. Also a lot of fun to get the cats to chase the red dot :)
 Such a fun gadget, I use it in cooking to determine the temperature of the water, test the fridge for warm spots, check the dogs temperature, etc. Very neat product.
 Great product pretty accurate too. I use it for foot soaks and checking temp on my tortoise enclosure. Works great. Only reason for 4 stars... batteries were dead in 2 of the 4 units I bought.
 Great tool in the kitchen: I bought it to determine the temperature of deep frying oil (it works superbly at that) and am sure I'll find many other ways to take advantage of its ease of use, compactness, and functions.
 Of course it's too soon to know how reliable it will be, but it works well right out of the box and if it continues to work as well, it will be very useful on new boat !
 Worked once and it no longer works. Battery fully charge, but it doesn't work. Too late to send it back.
 It's a thermometer with a laser sight. See how "oh crap my hand" hot something is, without your hand getting anywhere close. I spent several days measuring the temperature of random things around my house. You should too, as long as your spouse/SO/roommates/etc aren't too judgemental.
 Good tool, but the temp is not as accurate as I hoped.<br/>Not sure if it the product,no fault to seller,<br/>To much hassle to exchange, but very happy<br/>with the seller and would buy from again!! :)
 just a really cool tool for soap and candle making ---- I have the old "stick" thermometer, but this think never needs wiping off, and it never flips out of the cup I leave the stick thermometer in --- you can't really go wrong with this ---
 Wow I really like this laser digital thermometer, I like the colors, and I like the way the grip feels, it's like a rubber grip I think at least that's what it feels like. It is so simple to use, and I like when things are easy to use, you just turn it on and point the red laser at what your needing the temperature from and it reads it just like that, and if you point the red laser at something the temperature it still rising on than this laser thermometer will also show you what the rising temperature is on the screen as its rising. Haha I also use this as a cat toy, because why not right it's a laser pointer. Anyways I really liked this laser thermometer, it works really well and is a great price as well, and the digital screen is veasy to see/read.
 This works fantastic to double check the temperatures in my bearded dragon's cage!
 Accurate thermometer that I use for soap making to make sure my temperatures are within range.  Quick and easy to use and an asset to my craft room.
 I use this to keep track of the surface temps in my reptile cages, and it's perfect for that application. It's compact and easy to maneuver around plants and inside snake hides to get an accurate temperature read and was accurate compared with a much more expensive model.
 Works great reading room temperature, very accurate!
 Using it for auto repair. So far it's working well.
 Great product. I bought this to see what the temp was of a syrup when I was making cookies. Easy to use. Great price.
 Amazing. Very accurate. I bought this to measure the temperature of my incubating duck eggs and it is spot on. I use it for everything from measuring food, drinks, heaters, computers, incubators, and whatever you can imagine. Its also very fun to play around with. Highly Recommended
 Product arrivd in a soft padded envelope with the screen cracked as seen on photo.  Not impressed.
 So far, this device works very well and appears to be very accurate. I have been able to determine that other suspect thermometers are in fact ok.
 Not the super high tech and expensive version, but get 96 degrees under the arm.  Appears to be reading close enough to see the temp variation across a piece of electronic equipment.  Can run hand across the component and feel the same temp gradient.  Don't know how accurate as it is hard to get surface temperature in other ways for comparison.
 Seems to work better than returned item from hardware store. I use fro BB temp and engine temp when looking for problems.
 Works great so far. Seems to measure the same temperature on objects 10 inches to 10 feet away. Very pleased with my purchase. Have had it about 3 weeks so if it doesn't continue to operate sufficiently I will update my review.
 I bought it to check car radiator temperature. So far, so good.
 So far, this thing is great! Found where my house needed better insulation quickly! I was expecting to pay a whole lot more for one of these. Very pleased with the ease and accuracy so far.
 Awesome product! I just got it and use it for everything. It's really neat to see the temperature of some things like your refrigerator or your phone. It's useful to see if a pan is too hot or not hot enough.
 I bought the Etekcity Lasergrip infrared thermometer on impulse as an interesting gadget for my old guy's toy collection. However, since I received it I have found some quite useful things to do with the thing--checking the temperature in our fridge and freezer, finding a cool spot in the living room wall and measuring the surface temperature of food cooking on the kitchen range.<br/><br/>The thermometer is really easy to use. Aim, pull the trigger and instantly read the back lighted dsplay on the back. The device is well made and runs on a 9 volt battery which is easy to install. From my initial operating, the thermometer it seems like the battery will last for quite awhile.<br/><br/>A good buy for fun and much more.
 Seems to read fairly accurately. Kills batteries very quickly, even when not in use. Probably have a flawed unit. Solution is to leave battery out of it except when needed.
 excellent product,delivered on time....
 This is an excellent thermometer.  I used it to check the temperature of my cast iron skittle.  When cooking steaks it is so important to know the temperature or the grill or the skittle and this thermometer does just that, accurately.
 I honestly have no use for this beyond using the laser to play with the dog and telling my girlfriend her tea/coffee/soup is cool enough to eat (136*F).<br/><br/>Works exactly as expected and have no complaints.
 Bought 2 of these -one for the kitchen and one for the garage. They work great for both applications. Love 'em
 I love it. Read some good and bad reviews but bought it anyway and I'm pleased I did. Seems very accurate.
 Got to say for the price you can't beat it, and just as others have said you'll stay busy checking the temp of everything in sight.
 This is a great tool for anyone who cooks. It allows you to get the temperature of the cookware you're using to the exact level you need. It's super easy to use and very accurate.
 Perfect for keeping temps in restaurant.
 Works very accurate I tested it against two other brands
 Quality product.  It's been useful for measuring the temps around my wood stove, from my chair.  Seems to be of good quality.  The price was right, and since I am not using it for any scientific measurements the accuracy is quiet adequate for most  home owner use.
 I love using this for my soaps.  No touching dangerous lye water or risk for splashing with a regular thermometer.  Great value.
 Seems to be very accurate.  I find myself taking the temperature of everything!  I use it mostly to test my griddle.  Works really well.  I can't speak to it's accuracy, but it sure seems to be.
 First off it is a lot lighter than I thought it would be, however it is awesome and super easy to do use. Sadly I don't use it for anything special, just for checking the temp for my bearded dragon
 Fun little toy to mess around with. Also, our cat loves to chase the red laser dot.
 really useful for quick measurements, I compared with other thermometers and results were really accurate. Very happy with this purchase.
 I have no way of calibrating it, but the results seem reasonable, and it always works, no matter which type of surface it use it on.
 I have an immersion thermometer for cooking- this unit is handy for a lot of other purposes... measure the temp of your freezer or check how steaks are doing on the grill. Light weight, easy to use and the price was right.
 I needed this to check the temps of audio equipment in shelves, and make sure nothing was overheating. It worked better than expected and I was able to find small pockets of heat that I didn't think such a cheap unit would be able to measure. I can't comment on the accuracy as I have nothing else to compare it to.<br/><br/>Also, it was fun to see the distribution of temperature in my house near windows, AC vents, etc. I kind of went on a temp gun spree for a bit.
 LOVE THIS THING!! We use it everyday and it is too easy. Fast and accurate! The ability to use at a distance with the laser or at surface makes this thermometer the best we have owned yet. Just gonna have to keep away from the hubby so he doesn't keep it for the grill.
 Accurate and fast readings.  Simply to use and holds last reading.
 Use it all the time. From checking my A.C. To automotive painting. Even on myself and pets to check fevers lol
 Very handy kitchen tool for determining surface temps of pans, etc.  Great for heating oil for sauteing.
 If you try and fry a turkey without this, you're going to have a bad time. My girlfriend also reports that it is useful for baking cookies and other non-meat edible items, but I don't know much about that. Also don't know about it's actual use of telling you how hot fires are (hot, I'm guessing) or whether or not your engine is about to blow up (probably should seek professional help if this seems like an actual possibility).
 We got this to monitor the temperatures in our bearded dragon and snake habitats. Works amazing so glad we got one. Arrived on time, no complaints.
 Been checking the temps of things all day with this unit.  Boy, do I have a smoking hot wife!
 It's okay for getting the feels. Margin for error is just a bit too wide for my liking. Look for something a bit more accurate. 3-5º variance puts it in the "eh whatever..but you look cool taking temperature readings" category
 This is one of the best investments I have made for my cooking needs.<br/><br/>When working on the griddle you need to know griddle temps to ensure you are getting consistency. Well this does that and more for a crazy cheap price.
 This helps me know if the warm side of my snake hide is warm enough or too warm.  Then I can use it for the grill in the summer!
 Using this thermometer with soaping.  It has been infallible and especially good when pouring over embeds that you do not want to melt.  It is very easy to use and I found the light feature handy as well.  Never tried for cooking.
 I ordered it for my daughter and she loves it.
 Works good, use it in my shop for checking external engine temps. and a lot of other things.
 This thermometer works perfectly for me.  However, I had to learn it is a SURFACE thermometer; you can't use it for food, or any other internal temp.  Instead, I use it for pan, oven and grill surface temps.  It also reads the temp of hot oil well.<br/><br/>To check it, put a bowl of hot water in the micro and boil it.  Immediately empty the bowl and check the temp.  It should be 212 degrees F (+/- 3 degrees F).  I believe scanning through profuse steam affects the accuracy of this device, otherwise it's spot on.<br/><br/>It also doubles as a cat/dog toy...they love to chase the beam!
 Very convenience.  With this lasergrip you don't need<br/>to get close hot oven, and it's easy to convert from F to C,<br/>or vise versa.
 Great thermometer.  Simple to use. I use it to check the wheel hubs on my boat and travel trailers on trips and especially the engine on my air cooled motorcycle.
 Fun for me and my bread making, more fun for the cats to chase the laser...and there is no "click" when you turn it on so the cats don't follow me like crackheads every time I use it.
 Super handy for innumerable uses. Confirmed accuracy with boiling water and ice cubes and it's dead on.  Loved mine so much bought this as a gift.
 Excellent quality for the money. Very accurate. Works as good as ones costing several times as much. I may buy their higher end infrared thermometer after being assured of their quality with this one.
 Perfect to test soap batter temperature
 Works great!  I use it to check refrigerator temps and in the summer used it to check temps in various places.
 Does what it's supposed to. Use it all the time for trying to fix drafts around the house.
 Nice quality. Just wished it wasn't 9 volt
 This little unit is awesome.<br/>I bought it originally to check the temp of a basking spot for my daughters bearded dragon, but have used it for so much more. I find myself checking the temp of everything.
 My husband loves it for cooking, easy to get temp of oil and foods.
 This came to me on a you tube recommendation for cooking.  I like it and have used it in the house for other things.  Like checking the temp at the HVAC registers.
 I have purchased several of these to use around the bar I work out to test the temp of coolers, freezers and AC units.  It does the job quickly and accurately.  It is nice to adjust the features in order to save a bit of battery life.  Don't let your friends or co workers get it because they will play with it until it dies; it is that fan to use.  It comes with a 9v battery which is nice.  For the price it is a good, quality product.  I wish it was a little sturdier but I also can't imagine paying much more for one of these.
 Purchased for my husband's beer making. He loved it and he said it's very accurate.
 Perfect little thermometer, I'm a gadget guy and I always wanted one of these...now Ok m so glad I got it...perfect for checking temp of water before making dough...seeing how hot pans get on different settings...just a lot of uses and a lot of fun!
 Takes temperatures at a distance. Doesn't seem to have much variance when measuring wall temperatures from 1' to 20' and I've tested up to 400°F with contact sensors and mercury. Seems to be accurate. Cheap plastic feel but it's $17 while the brick and mortar versions are twice the cost so I can't complain.
 Very handy device. I can now measure the temperature of most surface I wish. Pool temperature, deck temperature, air conditioning duct temperatures, the list goes on an on.
 Excellent tool for an amazing price!  My first test was to point it at my space heater. The heater has a 3" x 12" grated opening for the hot air coming out.  From 3' away, the front of the unit measured 78 deg, and pointing the laser directly at the hot air opening it read 126 deg.<br/>As someone else stated, this is not a high-end, scientific instrument, but it serves my purposes for measuring the the temperature of the wall behind my wood stove, and the chimney itself.  Measuring the temperature (heat loss) difference between a thermal house window, and a standard glass window convinced me to replace the non-thermal windows.<br/>As a side note, several people have asked about taking body temperature with it.  Contrary to most people say, this unit is as accurate for that purpose as any "medical" non-contact fever thermometer.  The galvanic skin temperature is normally 3-6 degrees lower than internal temperature. Non-contact fever thermometers come with a conversion table for different parts of the body, so if you have the formula, this unit will work just as well.  We tested this unit, and the forehead temperature of 2 healthy adults was a "normal" 95 degs. However, no external thermometer is reliable if a person is sweating profusely.<br/>The up side is that non-contact fever thermometers only have a range of 2-3 inches from the skin, but this Lasergrip can be used in a similar fashion, but is a much more versatile tool.
 stars This device is so awesome and it high quality great design absolutely so easy ... starsThis device is so awesome and it high quality great design absolutely so easy ...
 Purchased this unit for use in the kitchen. While such applications are not listed by the manufacturer, it's perfect for those uses. Sur La table has a "prettier" unit for three times the price with a more limited temperature range that they sell for kitchen use.
 I've bought a couple of these kinds of laser thermometers over the years. I'm not sure if they're necessarily meant for kitchen use (because their build tends to make them look more like a hardware tool than a kitchen gadget), but I find them handy. I'll typically measure the temperature of ice in order to make sure they're in the ballpark of being accurate.<br/><br/>With this one, though, despite it giving me an accurate reading on ice, I question whether it's giving me accurate readings in the higher temperatures. I made some homemade caramel, using this to monitor the temperature as I cooked (it requires constant stirring to keep the caramel from burning at those high temps, so I like the point-and-shoot thermometers as opposed to leaving a candy thermometer stuck in the candy, because a thermometer like that gets in the way of the constant stirring), and even though this thermometer gave me a reading that said I was in the soft-ball stage, the caramel ended up a good bit firmer than I expected. It's a recipe I've made before, using similar thermometers, so I have some experience doing it that way. So I suspect the accuracy might've been a bit off at the higher temperatures. But it wasn't off by a ton, I don't think. Perhaps 5 or 10 degrees. In the future, I'll probably just assume this thermometer is a little bit off and adjust accordingly. I suppose I could pull out a real thermometer and run some tests to figure out exactly how accurate it is at different temperatures, but I'm too lazy.
 This is an awesome product.  Surprised about the accuracy.  Outstanding.
 Totally non-linear error. Hot pan registers 40° more than my $100 unit. Cold pan measures 5° more. No good. :(
 Have seen many folks using a laser thermometer, could have used one on many occasions but never pursued one because I had always thought they were expensive. I was happy to see how reasonable this device was priced and even happier at its accuracy.
 A must have for soap makers, no more thermometers, just point and pull the trigger!  Love it!
 Sweet Accurate instant readings quick to read different temp. Gets me so hot.
 I bought this dual laser temperature gun and was very excited about it. I had lots of plans for it! At first, it send great. I was checking the temp of the fridge/ freezer, the stove, family etc. Then when i really tried to use it for a purpose, it seemed way off. I used it on the griddle(set at 275 degrees ferenheit - it said it was 458, 379, 489 degrees! I know griddles vary in spots due to the coils but wow! ( for those thinking i didn't set it right, i did. I made sure to look up the emissivity and set it accordingly. To make a long story short, i tried a few other things i knew the temperature of and it was never right.<br/><br/>The directions were clear and it was easy to use. So i gave it 3 stars.<br/><br/>So, i do not recommend this product especially, for daily use, kitchen use. Unless you have a specific use for it that you know it will work for, keep looking.
 Great product. Very easy to use I bought it for my husband. He is really pleased.
 Bought this to find out where the cool air is escaping in the house and found a few hotspots. Seems to work great but nothing to verify accuracy.
 I purchased this really at first because it was so cheap thru Amazon. But I have used it many times around the house to see about hot or cold issues. My real focus is for the winter months inside the home.I didn't expect it to come with a 9v battery so I was pleasantly surprised.
 This is great!  Easy to use. And fast.
 I use this all the time and I love it. Just make sure you aren't pointing it at a reflective surface. It doesn't measure right if it's reflective.  I thought the meter wasn't working at first because of that. Very easy to use. Just point and squeeze. Use for soap and lotion making.
 Really nice. Very easy to use. Temp seems spot on. Our cat loves the laser pointer as an added benefit. :o)
 fast delivery, works great, easy to use
 I am please with how well this works.  Used it in makeing soap and really took the guessing out of the process.  I recommend it.
 Great product and cheap.  Had it over a year now and no problems. Use almost every day.  Changed batteries once.
 Great quality and fast shipping
 It is very precise and works great to monitor the temp inside the hot spot of a terrarium.
 does the job at a great price
 It works well, is very easy to read with the backlight on, and mine seems accurate to within 1°. For the price I'm pleasantly surprised. Well worth the cost.
 This thermometer is awesome for what it is. My parents used it to figure out just how badly our refrigerator was cooling and just how badly our central heater was performing before it finally died. I must say that so long as you're not using it for an attempt at finding internal temperatures it works phenomenally.
 I'll start by saying I'm not any kind of professional. I bought this simply as a man. A man who has enjoyed the utility of this tool and who has shared it with men who feel the same.<br/>It's great fun, seems to work as described  but really I have no way to test] and is quite practical/fun!
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!! If I could rate it ZERO STARS, I would!!!  Check YouTube and see what I’m talking about!!
 Love it! Works well.
 Probably a degree or two off, but useful for owning Lizards and making sure their temps are gucci.
 My husband loves this! It is very handy and I would recommend to anyone that works on cars or things of that nature. It allows you to know if something is going to be too hot to touch without getting near it. Very handy and works great.
 Works well, small and convenient. I bought it for soap making so I didn't have to deal with lye on the thermometer and it makes me feel safer with the process.
 This is perfect for me, I use it to measure the temperature of the water in my hot tub. Works great at a very affordable price. I couldn't be happier with this !
 I use this all the time to play with my cat. I don't think the temp is completely accurate but it can't be too far off. As a cat toy though, this thing rocks.
 Very cool infrared thermometer. I use it for cooking and for general use (i.e. playing around). Good to test the concrete outside to see if it is too hot for doggie paws. Great product, would buy again.
 Works great. Used a lot trying to set my oven thermostats and fix the fridge. I would buy again.
 nice as promised
 Works really well and is accurate.  I'm impressed with how well it was and how little it cost!
 great new tool/toy for me to check the base board heater.<br/>Also made my cat fall off the table lol. Victory.
 Perfect. Used it to test several built in thermometers for accuracy and seal up a drafty room.
 Great product.  I use it at home and in server rooms.  It is extremely accurate.
 Product works well and shipping was fast. Thank you
 Awesome product. Accurate and easy to use.
 It couldn't be simpler. Plug in the included battery and it's ready to go. Point and shoot. Read the temperature. That's it. Easy!
 I got this just for fun, now I measure the tempature of Everything, if my Coffee isn't 173.4 degrees I have the wife heat it for me, drives her Nuts lol !<br/>Real applications, I've found Several Air Leaks around the house, doors, windows and such and have made repairs !<br/>Very Cool, Literally ! ! !
 Reliably displays the temp. I measure all kind of temps- Even the hot water heater.
 I bought this to measure the temperature of my swimming pool. It works wonderfully. There are almost no digital products on the market that do this, especially at this price. Also it has lots of other uses.
 I bought this about a year ago for use in the kitchen to measure how hot pans were, but have found many other ways to use it (finding leaky window seals, freezer temperatures after a power interruption, how hot my coffee is after heating it in a microwave). It's easy, quick, and amazingly accurate.
 works all over the house and work with help in reducing electric bills.
 Works pretty good but it is off by a few degrees. I wouldn't check a persons temperature but it works great for what I need it to do. I use it for powdercoating so it's ok if it's off by 3 degrees.
 I purchased this to test the heat in my cast iron skillets.  Every now and then you get cold spots on a griddle and have to reseason it. This was a big help.
 This thing works great, and I couldn't believe the price!  It seems to be quite accurate and is very simple to use.  I even like the feel and grip of the handle.  It feels like a smooth rubber.
 This is great, now I can prove my wife's hands are colder than room temperature! I love the twin lasers for greater accuracy. I did find that the battery clip was a little loose and it kept turning off. I tightened it and all is now fine.
 So easy to use! Seems pretty accurate. I don't need it to be on the dot accurate so works for me. I use it for soap making and i love that I dont have to get it dirty to get a reading. Just hod it a little above the oil or lye water and poof! Great reading!
 Works well, gives consistent readings that are more accurate than I expected. Not spot on, but only about 5% off of things that I could verify with more precise instruments. I use it for automotive mechanical diagnostics, and it has worked very well for me. (Specifically, catalytic converter and DPF diagnostics)
 Amazing product
 Bought to check our AC temperature.  Works great. Our AC was low on Freon and this handy device was able to tell us the temperature.
 Works well and is very useful
 I tried it on my head. Said 95. I tried it on my welding (while steel was molten), said 244. Either it's a sorry product or I got a sorry product
 Works well.  Only complaint is the battery compartment.  Instructions tell you to disconnect battery if not being used for a while.  There's just enough room in the battery compartment when you have the 9v hooked up.  When you disconnect it, it's a tight squeeze.  I worry about pinching wires.
 Perfect for the price!
 Wow, this really works great.  I love tools and this one is a great addition.. helps to find those problem areas that need extra insulation.  I also used it to take my husband's temp - and it was right!
 First item I have ever bought with a DOA battery...was going to send it back until I noticed that there was a pack of batteries for the fire alarms. Accurate (+-1 to 2 F) in the 30 to 120 range. UPDATE: not accurate for metalic objects..140+F heatsink showed only 96F.
 This thing is awesome. I run around checking the temp of everything in the house. It's pretty accurate for what it is and I've enjoyed having it.
 Used this for candy making all christmas last year, didn't have a single issue with it. Assuming it still works great next year I'd say it's a reliable and easy to use product!
 Product as described
 feels very durable, shipped asap (even during the holidays!), and works perfectly. highly reccomend for any reptile keeper.
 its greaat for my grill and any other thing i wanna know what the temp is .
 Great cheap IR Thermometer!! I got this because I wanted to shoot things in my house (like computer internals, freezer, fridge, car, etc.) to see precisely their temperature. I love running around places randomly getting temperatures of stuff. The thermometer is quick to pick up the temperature and you can turn the laser sight on or off if you want.
 Great product. Recommend to anyone.
 works perfectly
 Works great and display is easy to read.
 This thing is great.  We use it to check our baby's bath water temp, and it works like a charm.  I can't believe I spent any money on the 'baby bath' thermometers when I just should have bought one of these from the start.  It's fast, accurate, and repeatable.  Perfect.
 I use this to monitor hold and cold temperatures in the kitchen.  I now find it indispensable.
 Great Product!
 works good
 THis has been very accurate and super helpful for my needs
 This gadget measures temperature so accurately. It is so easy to use, too.<br/>It was a great price and even came with batteries!
 love it
 This is what cooks like to get.  Comfortable to hold, easy to use.
 I bake &amp; cook everyday. I like trying new recipes but they require certain temps. This thermometer is perfect &amp; always accurate. It easy to use &amp; store.
 I use this thing for everything since I got it.  Paid $16 for it and I love it.  Wish I would of gotten it years ago. Tested it against some other digital thermometers and read exactly the same.
 Easy to use
 Works really well for brewing beer!  We tested the accuracy of this device with a standard thermometer we normally use when taking the temperature of liquid.  This digital device was spot on!  It makes brewing beer easier and besides who doesn't like a useful 'toy'.
 I have a big building that I am working on.  This is great,  tells me instantly how warm a room is, what the difference between the temp at the ceiling, floors, walls and windows are.  A HUGE time saver and a very nice unit.  Small, lightweight, accurate, well designed, comes with the battery.  I love it.
 Perfect for refrigeration or freezers hot foods and proper perishable handling temperatures extremely accurate and easy to use
 Gave it to 70 year old parents for Christmas, they love using it for cooking food, or checking out random temperature of all sorts of items, like, how hot small heaters are, or temperature of air coming from conditioning vents, etc.
 LOVE this product! Use it all the time and still working!! Way cheaper then in stores.
 Extremely accurate, works as advertised.  We actually had some fun testing it on a wide range of surfaces and temperatures.
 Works very well
 Does what it’s supposed to do
 Great buy
 I’ve only had this for a week but so far it works wonderful. I’m using it mainly for cooking which is super convenient- nothing to clean after measuring chocolate, caramel etc.
 Inexpensive and works great. I use it for everything from testing cooking oil in a pan temperatures to you name it. I am coming up with uses I had not initially thought of.
 Use in DIY skin care products
 worked as well as my old one. was accurate and easy to operate.
 Great price for the functionality. Time will tell if the build quality is good.
 This works well. I love it!
 This was the best investment I have ever made in a thermometer. I JUST LOVE IT. Its so much fun to just play with and now i can check the temp on multiple things and never have to wash between pots.... totally love it.
 Works well.  Had to wrestle it from the grandkids, but it works as advertised. You do have to mind the distance limit for good readings but it is FAST!
 Awesome product works great. Very fast shipping
 Works very well and is acceptably accurate for it's price! Have used this mainly to test automotive problems and has held up well.
 Quick shipping with a competitive price..
 Very accurate. Good quality
 quality is Excellent, I would recommend you buy this.
 This thermometer is super easy to use and very accurate. I use it for my BBQ/smoker to get internal temperature readings in different areas.
 Works great. Use it for my outside grill, and checking heat onall my engines.
 You'll start measuring the temperature of everything.
 If you cook on Saltblocks you need this . Makes better use of your time . Very accurate. Yes I have three. Home , houseboat &amp; give as Xmas to son who loves to cook.
 This thermometer has worked well and seems to be very accurate. Nice and clean to use and great price.
 This is ridiculously fun. And my chicken-fried steak has never tasted better.<br/><br/>I can find leaks to the outside using this, and have proven to my boyfriend that, yes, the floor really is 39 degrees.<br/><br/>Highly recommend.
 Only used around the house but love it
 Love it
 Use them for cooking almost everyday.  Quite reasonable.  Bought several for gifts.  Handy to check heat and cooling temps at registers, especially in high ceilings.
 Hubby likes it
 Great gadget to prove your office is too cold.  Easy to use and appears to give correct readings.
 Seems accurate.  Works very quickly.  Has come in handy a few times.
 Works great; easy to use; very accurate; good price.  For now, it's a fun toy ... I'll find a practical use for it someday.
 Works well.  Good for tortoise tank.
 Very good product for money's worth.
 Accurate and easy to use
 Works well.
 The item arrived but would not turn on. Turns out the battery included did not work. Purchased a battery and worked as intended. As other reviews have said, quality feels great and is pretty accurate by a degree or two.
 Great for cooking using a frying pan.  You wait until the temperature is right and then add the food.  An excellent buy!
 This thing is ridiculously fun to play with. I can't speak to it's accuracy, but I know it's within a couple of tenths of a degree. You can do Celsius (The default option) or Fahrenheit (For us backwards Americans), the LCD is backlit, and it's pretty quick to read.
 For something that is so inexpensive and functional it's hard to beat. I use it to gauge surface temperature around the house (registers, floorboards, etc), in my car's engine bay - surface temperature of block, radiator, vents, and of course when using the grill - to gauge temperature on the grates. So far it has held up, gives pretty accurate readings (tested against surface contact thermocouples). It has nice backlight feature. A laser pointer to let you know where you're aiming. Degree F and degrees C capabilities,
 Not as accurate as I would like and get varying reading. I guess you get what you pay for.
 I pitted this unit against my certified candy thermometer with my deep fryer as the standard and it was dead on. Darned fast and it locks the setting if you need to let the trigger go to do something else as you cook..
 Doubles as a dog/cat laser light chaser.  Works within 10" of surface detected
 Bought 6 of these for techs to check HVAC units and breakers and they all do what they need to do without complaint.
 Good product
 I use this to make soap.  It is way better than inserting a pyrometer into the ingredients.  It worked right the first time and works every time.  If there is ANY downside, it is that it will consume a battery in about three months, whether you use it or not.  Thats trivial, in the end, compared to the alternative.  The price was right and it is reliable.  I like it.
 I use this a lot more than I expected. It's amazing how often it's useful to investigate problems where temperature may be playing a role.
 Why did I buy this? I don't know. Do I ever use it? No. Do I like it anyways? Yes. Just holding it feels good. The rubber grip around the outside just feels good to the touch, and it's just fun to play around with. Doesn't seem like a cheap product.<br/><br/>Is it accurate? I don't know. Does that matter to me? No. Because I still haven't figured out why I even bought this.
 Works great! Even the price under $20 was super surprising to me. I check on my BBQ meats temperature and even my cold drinks. Very handy and reliable. The only drawback if you can call it that, is the 9 volt battery. 9 volt batteries are not as available as they used too be.
 Perfect product
 Great product. Works well
 This is a good value thermometer. It measure the temperature of any surface. I have used it to show kids the different temperature in surfaces.<br/><br/>I have also used it to do measure temperature in kitchen pans and such. I would recommend this for anyone who is seeking to do light and occasional temperature readings.
 Used it to find out the AC unit was intermittently going off and on in the afternoons here in Sacramento
 Doesn't work with glass beakers -  cannot tell the temperature inside the beaker.  I wish the product description included that.  Not very durable.
 Nice, sturdy, functional, great price. Use to check temps on soaps and lotions. Will recommend to all
 Now I can tell the surface temperature of just about anything!  I never knew how much I needed to know about temperature. Do you know how hot the external surface of a toaster can get? Almost 600 degrees! Yeah! Sure, I got got burned first, but now I know why!
 This is a handy little gadget. We've been testing temperatures of random things all over the house. Food, people, little objects? Yep. It's been a fun time.<br/><br/>Just a safety precaution: don't point the laser at anyone's eye!
 Perfect addition to the toolbox
 Works perfectly.
 I use this in my science classroom every day! works great! Very accurate
 I bought this to monitor the heat of a wood burning stove. Worked well and I purchased a second to use in my blacksmith shop.
 I like using this gun, it comes in handy for everything. from checking the fireplace, to cooking. It seems pretty accurate as well. Love having this around.
 I bought this to measure the temperature of the basking areas for the vivarium I'm building. I tested it in comparison to my other temp gun (pro exotics) and they say the same thing. So it does its job!<br/><br/>Also my cat likes to chase the red light around. I use it to distract her while I have the snake out for inspection.
 Bought this to use with our wood stove and was really pleased with its quality!
 Product works well and is reasonably accurate.  The crucial part is to be as close as possible for the most accurate reading.  My favorite use thus far is to diagnose a dead cylinder by seeing the difference in temp at the exhaust manifold!
 Works great and super easy to use<br/>Very happy
 Works great and works like the description
 Super easy to use. My husband now goes around the house telling me the temperature of everything. I like how it can read the air temp or a specific item. Great for cooking and grilling.
 Great temp gun for the price. Seems to be within 1-2 degrees of actual temp, which is fine for my applications.
 Works great
 Nice product, good quality and easy to use. I had another laser thermometer years ago- one slip out of my hand and it shattered into several pieces- cheap construction. Not the case with this Etekcity Lasergrip 774 -this tool is very well engineered. Can't believe how little I had to pay!
 Love having this around in our old house. It works great and its easy to use.
 I used this to make yogurt today--it is great!!!  So much easier than a regular candy thermometer which I could never manage to keep from touching the bottom of the pot.  So easy and accurate.  Cooked the same amount of time to get to 180 degrees.  I definitely recommend this!!
 It's very easy and handy
 Works super great
 Bought this to use it for its intended purposed but it has some addition uses/value:<br/><br/>-Identify where heat is seeping into our home during the summer<br/>-Hours of endless amusement watching our dog and cats chase after the laser<br/>-Constantly telling someone their butt temperature and annoying the hell out of them
 Very good tester appears to be very accurate A++
 Works perfectly to measure the temperature of the koi pond water- and the cats love to chase the laser!
 Great
 Great for the price
 Works great from high temps to very low temps. I checked my thermostat reading with it and also outside temperature it recorded 15 degrees which was a degree off from the weather channel but each area Varys in temp. Very Happy with  it
 This thing  is so awesome!  Yes it works!
 Wonderful heat gun. Don't need to say more. If you need a heat gun, get it. It's good.
 I like the size of the thermometer,  fits in work bag
 Not very precise. I can't even get a good reading off of my soldering tip.
 Works as designed
 I've been using it for checking melt temps of lead alloys, the oil temp in my deep fryer, and the temperature of my martinis.  I'm pretty happy with it.
 WOW! Should have bought a couple extra, well above H * stores. Well made and you can feel the difference in quality for such a cheap price. One of this years best purchase for dallor value. Very,Very, satisfied. And Supper Fast shipper! Bill in W.V.
 Works great, and Etekcity Corporation was excellent seller
 I purchased this to measure the temp of my fridge and freezer. Seems accurate, I now use it foe taking temps of random food and household things.  My deck read 102 in the sun. I didn't realize it got that hot.
 It works and is so handy to double-check the temperature on a cooking surface.<br/>Great for making flat-bread.
 Works great for a surface temperature reading device.  The only learning curve for me was figuring out the distance at which to hold it at to get th most accurate temperature.  And hey, it doubles as a laser pointer for my dog to chase around. Win-win.
 I can't put this down. It's wonderful
 This unit came on time, Sunday believe it or not. Thank you Amazon for amazing delivery service. The product works fine but I don't know if or how well it is calibrated but it show the temperature in Celsius or Fahrenheit and it has a screen that lights up by pushing a button.
 excellent
 Does not work on living things.... Maybe it is not supposed to, but human and dog temperatures are not accurate at all... However it does have a good range and seems accurate for food.  Feels pretty well built, as well built as an infrared thermometer under $20 can feel anyway....  And it is just cool, 4 stars
 Bought this to go along with my new flattop grill.  Works perfect - VERY pleased!
 Picked this up to tune my Yamaha and gauge the temps of the pipe when I was adjusting the pilot after rebuilding them. Worked great for that and also made a fun little toy for giving my cat a bit of exercise.
 I'm not a HVAC expert, so not sure about the detail in the instructions.  I can't figure out each of the buttons.
 Was having problems with my AC not blowing cold enough before calling an AC person I needed to check the temp in our air return. The product is well made, looks and feels like a quality item. Item comes with batteries that are easy to install, once installed you just safely point towards the surface or area you need to check the temp and pull the trigger, LCD display is easy to read. I recommend this item for the price and quality of it.
 Bought as a stocking stuffer but everyone loves it - grandmas to toddlers like to know what temperature the wall is. Or their hand. Or an ice cube. Or your ear. Or the steering wheel. Or the carpet. Or the zipper on your pants...
 I like the cross hair laser sight, the back lit LCD screen that's easy-to-read. The housing is well  built.
 use for measuring the temperature of my incubated eggs as well as the temp of the air coming out of the vents :)
 The red laser did not work on mine . Purchased the blue one and that one is fine.<br/>  They replaced the non working with a new one and the new one is perfect.
 EASY TO READ!
 This has been wonderful for cooking but surprisingly I've found other uses like how hot is the fish tank water and endless enjoyment for my dog to chase the laser around. Love that I don't have to shove anything in my meat and loose any juices.
 Great gadget. Purchased on a whim but has proven very useful for checking the general temperature of baby food that has been warmed in the microwave.
 I love it. Works well. Good price.
 Great thermometer.  I use it to check the temperature of various items in my house.  I went thru and insulated everywhere that showed a higher temp then what it should of been and now my house is a good 10 degrees cooler.
 The price on these is unbeatable. I wouldn't trust this rolling around it a toolbox all day as it feels cheaply built. It does work on lots of different surfaces and liquids (I used it for home brew last night). Great to keep around the house for whatever you can think of!
 Quality product, great price, and performs as described. Highly recommended.
 Good quality.
 Light weight,  compact  and easy  to use.  It works very well.
 These thermometers are quick and accurate. We purchased two of these to measure the temperature of a chemical reaction in our line of commercial paints. These Etekcity Lasergrip digital thermometers make the process quick, easy and accurate. The ability to quickly change from metric to imperial is helpful as well.
 Very good product an it helps while cooking with the right temperature!
 I have been looking for a non-contact digital thermometer for awhile to check temps on my 3D printer, outdoor grill etc. Picked this up on sale and it looks to be working well. It seems to be accurate for the most part. A great buy.
 This works really well for soap making! I would buy it again, but of course, I expect it to last. Thanks!!
 Works well and the price is right.
 Nice quality feel.  Works 100% perfect.  No complaints would order again if needed.
 Works great!
 Less than a .5 degree difference from an expensive name brand. Tested side by side.
 This is a wonderful product
 Great IR thermometer for the price.  Very accurate if used at the correct ranges.  No issues with operation.
 I check that pool temperature before going in.  It works perfect.  Tells me when to stay out.
 Use it’s great love it
 Wow!  Great purchase for the price paid (I think this was a close out sales price?).  Tested the accuracy and is reliable.  Purchased over a month ago, used several times in my restaurant, and battery is still charged.
 So far, so great.  I really like this, it gives instant reading on just about anything.  It's very easy to use, and worked right out of the box.  It feels like a quality meter, nothing loose or cheap feeling.  The finish is smooth and ergonomic with easy to read display.  I would like an 'off' button, but it has auto shutoff that works in a few seconds.<br/>  Although I can't attest to it's accuracy, it does seem to be close at least.  I am using it to check my motherboard and case temperatures on my computer as my built in thermometers are a little glitchy and it reads within 3 or 4 degrees of the case thermometers (when they do work).  I also used it everywhere from my freezer to oven and it did seem fairly accurate (Set oven to 350, meter read 342, but that is the surface temp of the side walls of the oven).<br/>  All in all, worth the price and very handy gadget, just remember that it only reads surface temps, can't read air temp because, if it did, it would only read the air temp right in front of the meter and not where you are aiming it.
 This is safer, easier to use, and less intrusive than any other conventional thermometer. And in the cases where it is meant to work, it is fairly reliable and a superior choice.<br/><br/>However, *by design* it is inaccurate when trying to measure temperatures of certain surfaces. It even says so in the manual! Anything with an emissivity, like a stainless steel kettle or pan, will produce an inaccurate reading. Liquids that aren't completely opaque (e.g. the pool water depicted in their very own ad!) will also give inaccurate readings. As a quick fix, the manual says to put something opaque, like electrical tape, on the surface and then simply scan that object. If I'm going to go that far, I might as well just use a regular metal probe thermometer.
 I use it all the time.
 Pleased with product.  Be careful when hooking to battery.  It has a clear plastic cover on it.  Must be removed.
 This is the best temperature gauge I own. After trying the others, and you know what I mean, I finally broke down and got one of these guns. Man, what a difference. I think you should throw away those other gauges and buy this one because it works.
 Works good, I can tell differences in temp all across my snake's tank
 Great tool!  Perfect for checking heat level in pan before sauteeing.  Many other uses as well. Excellent Price. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Etekcity-Lasergrip-774-Non-contact-Digital-Infrared-Thermometer-Yellow-Black/dp/B00837ZGRY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Etekcity Lasergrip 774 Non-contact Digital Infrared Thermometer, Yellow/Black</a>
 As described.  Fast shipping.  Thank you.
 Great value and a good general purpose temperature measuring device. The company is very thoughtful by including the 9V battery required to operate this device in the package...
 MIGHT NOT HAVE THE ALL THE FUNCTIONS OF THE MORE EXPENSIVE MODELS, BUT FOR A SHADE TREE MECHANIC AND DIY HANDYMAN ITS PERFECT.
 Excellent price. Comes with battery. All you have to do is plug battery up and you are good to go.
 Works Well.
 Didn't know these things were so cheap... great find for testing AC issues, whether vents are getting proper cool air, etc.  I suppose I could use it to cook with too?
 This works very well and I have found a surprising number of things to use it for. We have very expensive ones at work and so I compared them side by side. I thought maybe this one was more accurate, though I can't prove it.
 This a handy size for every day use and is well designed for easy and accurate measurement. The measurement cone (1" @ 12") is a good size for almost any measurement. The user manual says the only short comings are: it's not accurate for living things like people and animals, also, on very shiny surfaces. To take a measurement of a room's temperature take 4 measurements, one on each wall about waist high and average them. When it's cold outside the outer walls are usually cooler than interior walls and visa versa when it's warm outside. Holding the trigger will track the variation of an object and when the trigger is released the last reading is displayed with a HOLD indication for about 20 to 30 seconds. There is a separate POWER button for the laser beam, a selector button to toggle between ºF and ºC, and a POWER button for the backlight.
 Wife needed this for a project.  I of course used it to point at every object in our house.  Fun to see where the windows &amp; walls were affected by the temps outside.
 Good little unit for the money, seems to work good.
 Awesome all around
 It seems to be pretty accurate.  I tested it against my Fluke unit and the readings were comperable.
 I use it for everything from checking for air leaks to seeing if my pan is hot enough.
 Exactly what I needed for great price!
 I bought this more as an amusement, but was surprised how useful it has been. I have used it for cooking, in the garage and other things. It works well and is easy to use.
 Seems to work well even after my cat has knocked it off the counter multiple times. The battery life sucks
 Great communicator. Pronto to take care of any issue. good product, Alsome customer service...
 very accurate.  Great way to test your home or office hvac
 Thanks!  Works wonderfully, as expected.
 Not much special to say about this, it works great, does what it needs to do. I use it mostly for cooking to check oil temperatures, or water (just make sure to stir first). Also great in the garage - can be used to check the surface temperature of the car, etc.
 Works well. Bought a year ago
 Very accurate and easy to use. Great price.
 Find out the surface temperature wherever the laser points.  The dog chasing it is a nice bonus!  (DOn't think it finds out the temperature of the inside of meat on a grill, that's a myth).
 I tested mine against a lab-quality high temp thermometer. It was within 1° at 140.0°. I would say that's pretty good for a $13 purchase. Highly  recommended.
 Seems to work.
 i like how it can be adjusted to lower the flame i used it in a dental office.
 Arrived on time, as pictured, and as described. Bought this to check temp of stove top, but is lots of fun to use on various things around the house as well :)
 Great product - good price - small design good for tool bag - rubber finish - high vis - arrived on time - be nice to have a full catalog on Amazon for your company seems to have many items I need - Thks
 You will try this on everything and briefly lose control of your life. Apparently, my feet are really really cold compared to the rest of my body.
 Digital thermometers are a tremendous innovation, and this brand was recommended to me by a chef.<br/>Not only do I love it, I can barely do without it now!
 Fantastic job and fast delivery
 I bought this to get a more accurate reading of various components of my computer as I thought the computer readings were wrong.<br/><br/>I play with it all the time now.<br/><br/>- fish tank<br/>- all over the house looking for cold spots<br/>- the car<br/>- laser is fun for playing with our dog. I'm sure cats would love it a bit more.<br/><br/>Overall a great buy and would buy it again if mine broke for some reason.<br/><br/>Seems to be build well. Doesn't feel cheap to me and has hit our tile floor a few times... Can take a beating.
 Used the non contact temperature gauge for the first time today.  Worked great to compare the temperature of my brake rotors to see if they were all working about the same amount.  I appreciated that the unit came with a battery.
 It seems to work well but some of the readings appear to be on the low side. I will test it some and report back.
 Great product at a great price! Fast Shipping!
 Got it for the wife for Christmas as she wanted one for a while, she has used it a couple times and likes it. Appears to be pretty accurate.
 Love this item.  Easy to use and will be great to help me adjust the airflow for my airconditioning.
 great
 works great. accurate.
 It works surprisingly well and it's very easy to use. There's not even a on/off switch, this spares me the worry of forgetting turning it off and draining the battery . I only had this for a few weeks but it seems the battery can last for a long time.
 It is easy to use.  I bought it to confirm if my rv air conditioners are working correctly or if they need replacement, the tool saved me from spending 4,000 on new air conditioners till some future date.  Just this alone made the purchase well worth the investment.  Thank you for a great product!
 Just as described and shipped timely.
 This works great for taking temperatures for reptile basking spots and also it also is handy for grilling or cooking on pizza stone.
 Hell if I know how accurate it is, sure as hell makes it easier to maintain my oil temperatures when I'm deep frying in a sauce pot.
 do not have anything to compare it with. one time it did not work
 great little tool for taking basically any temp. I use it for chocolate
 You simply do not know the joys of testing everything's surface temperature until you have this!
 My husband bought this on black Friday just for the heck of it because it was cheap. It works very well. He likes to take temperature readings all around the house. He used to to find a draft near our back door that we didn't even realize was there.
 I was having a heck of a time trying to temper chocolate, and I thought this gadget might help. On my second try with this thing, I was thrilled to finally achieve a good temper. No bloom on my chocolate! Eeee! And you CANNOT beat the price. Before trying Amazon, I first went to a restaurant supply store to buy an infrared thermometer, but the one they had cost $130, so this was a steal at like $17.
 Comes with a targeting laser. Turn it off.  Its hard to take temperatures when the cat keeps diving in the way.<br/><br/>Warning: It only measures surface temperature.  The inside of that microwave burrito is still frozen.  The inside of that Hot Pocket is still molten.
 Works well, and easy to use
 It's also useful to see how hot the burner is....the highest I've seen this is 960 degrees. That's pretty hot. Haven't really tried to see how cool it can get. It registered the temp inside my freezer....
 Used this to measure my heatpress platen to ensure even heating and seems to be working good. Be careful though the laser needs to be turned off if you have dogs. ESPECIALLY AROUND A HEAT PRESS! Great news, you can turn it off!
 Works well for such a tiny price. It determined my brake rotors got to a temperature of over 450 degrees and that my rims were 200 degrees while my calipers were stuck on my car.
 I use one of these at my job and although it is a different brand, this one is just as easy to use and seems to be very reliable.  You can't be the price either.
 Works great
 Should have bought one of these a long time ago....works really well for what I use it for...and very quickly showed me how far off my old brewing thermometers were. Shipped quick and works great.
 Nice quality!
 Works well. Had about a 4 degrees colder reading on all my vents than the one our hvac guy had.
 Easy to use! Love being able to check my oil for deep frying. Regular thermometers are difficult because they aren't as accurate.
 Great device - I use it to check surface temperatures of equipment out in the field.  If I don't find the temperature to be 100% accurate, I do find the difference to be consistent and very good indicator of where my temperature is.
 I've shot my cats with this.<br/><br/>I can take their distemper while getting them to pounce on each other<br/><br/>Win-win.
 this is fantastic product
 I use it to test the temp of different rooms in my house.  Just one of those fun purchases!<br/><br/>For those asking about using it for good...no, this is not accurate for that.
 I am a consultant and regulatory consultant for Assisted Living, the product is easy to use to test water temps, ambient room temps and a variety of other environmental concerns.
 Really nice and accurate
 might read a couple degrees low but cheap and easy to use
 Reliable durable and accurate.
 Not entirely sure how accurate it is, but it gets the job done. I use it for food prep so I hope it is accurate. It seems to be. I like the light up background.
 This is a great buy and works great , I would recommend this.
 Arrived fast and seems to be pretty accurate, i think it will work great for the BBQ.
 Pretty good, wish it did temp on humans as well as objects, I guess you can't have it all for the price. Worth the buy
 I love this. The back-light is really nice and it is really easy to setup and use.
 Excellent thermometer.  My kids think it is a great toy as well.  Had to buy a second one to keep in the tool box, cuz the first one is in a tough box.  I recommend as a science toy, my 8yr old loves running around measuring temperatures.
 Easy to use. Great warranty.  Have not needed support, but Etekcity customer support reached out and thanked me for purchase and asked if I had any questions.
 It's accurate as far as I can tell.<br/><br/>I use this mostly to check the pre-heat temperature on my cast iron cookware. It's so much more accurate than the "water sizzling" test that I find myself reaching for this at every meal!
 Finding more and more uses.  Check my tortoise's burrow for temp.  Just read World Health Org has determined hot beverages (149 degrees +) cause cancer (primarily esophagul) so have checked temp of coffee maker brew (165 degrees!!) and micro wave reheat.
 I use this to get a temperature on my pizza steel.  Works great.
 Seems to be accurate and works well.
 Item works and displays temperature but not really sure how acurate the tool really is temperature constantly jumps around 10 dagrees when using
 Surprised it works so well considering the price. Bought it for cooking and hasn't failed yet.
 I don't know why I waited so long to make this purchase; it has made soapmaking and bread baking so much more manageable.  I'm sure there are better ones on the market, but this fits my needs for now.
 Takes accurate temps, even across the room. I didn't even know we needed one.
 thank you works grate
 Product arrived defective. Red laser does not work. However, it seems to measure temperature correctly.  I am returning the unit and will buy another one since the laser beam is important for proper aiming.
 measure a very wide range of temps and objects with this, ive had a lot of fun and learned a thing or two.  everyone i show it to wants it.
 Used as a tool for loading tanker trucks.  Works as described.
 Nice, works great
 You (and your kids) will end up taking the temperature of everything within eyesight. And probably make pew-pew noises while doing so.  Unfortunately, the laser pointer works only intermittently.
 Like ability to check temperatures of many different things from oven to grill to HVAC.  Am concerned however because 9-volt batt ran down while out of town.  May have defective unit, will try a new battery and see what happens.
 Great little device, wonder how I made it without one for so long.  Got one for home use to check grill, food or cold temps.  Use it at work since we have to use test water that is exactly at 76 degrees, works great
 Works very well and easy to use.
 Even tells me when my beer is ready!
 I use this to monitor surface temps in my snake enclosures. Works and surprisingly accurate, awesome value.
 This has been a good tool. I would say it is within a couple of degrees or better as far as accuracy.
 Use this to check temps of my Lodge Cast Iron Griddle and other pieces, it is the only way to do it.
 I use this for my reptile rack and any other enclosures that I have. I recommend for any reptile owner
 Quick delivery, was in local warehouse. Not accurate read on shiny metals, i.e. unpainted copper, but highly accurate on painted or dull surfaces.
 It works as described, it reads different temperatures in different areas of the house but I cannot tell how accurate those readings are
 works well for checking hvac and engine temps
 Got this to check temperatures of the tires on the motorhome. So far it seems to be working just fine...easy to use.
 Can’t ask for more.
 Love this thing. Ive had it for a while now and use it more than I thought I would. Very handy.
 good price, works good
 This is a great tool for my toolbox. Accurate and easy to read. I used it for HVAC and automotive. My wife said she will use it to check asphalt temps before she walks the dogs.
 Simple to use.  Works quickly and like the "real-time" temp. info as you scan across areas.
 so ( i just received the item) it o.k.
 too cool, works great! Great price!
 Very cool little gadget but I wonder how accurate it is.  I took it outside on a cold day and it said my sidewalk was 28 F.  I played with it for a few minutes including a switch to Celsius and back and when I wandered across the sidewalk again it was 18 F.
 Bought this solely for its price point as I have no real need for a remote temperature taking device, and I got to say its a blast. From finding the ambient temperature of my pc, to what temp my cat runs at, I do not know how I have lived without this before now.
 It is off by over 10 degrees very poor product
 HOW CAN YOU MAKE THIS FOR THE PRICE. IT WORKS GREAT WITHIN 4 DEGREES. I CAN ONLY PICTURE LITTLE KIDS CHANED TO MACHINES PUNCHING THESE THINGS OUT. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK I WILL KEEP BUYING,
 I use it when pulling my 5th wheel and cargo trailer. I can shoot the hubs on pit stops, they show about 100-110F so I know the bearings are good. I also shoot the tires, if any tire is under flatted it will show hotter so time to add air. Not happened yet. It is amazing how many other uses this has, once you get it you will see, Reviews show these can be out a few degrees, well, maybe, but for me a degree or two really doesn't matter much. All tires should be close to the same, it is the difference that is the warning and THAT is what I want. Solid little tool, not cheep.I would recommend it to a friend or anyone else. RV's should take heed of this use.
 Works great
 Works great
 very easy to use when making soap @ home.
 Outstanding master tempture. Comes with battery! Also it is good for sub freezing temps. Would highly recommend this product, don't wait.... just order!
 Excellent infrared handheld.... works as advertised and the construction and quality is amazing for this price range.  Highly recommend it and everyone should have one.
 This is so cool. We use it all over. Check for drafts, check the oven temp, check the snake temp, AC temp, etc. This is such a cool invention and this is a good price for one. We love it.
 This is a great thermometer. Easy to use. Great for checking oil temps when deep frying. An added bonus is that you can use the laser to torment your cats.
 Works fast and accurately.  Replaced a more expensive model that finally quit working and I think it works better.
 I use this thermometer for so many things. It's easy to use, which is my #1 priority when buying anything electronic.
 Biggest problem will be knowing where it is when you need it.
 Great
 Not accurate. Use it as laser light for dogs- they love it.
 Works great so, I bought another one for my wife's father and we both checked the temperature of anything that did not move very quick (cats, dogs, wives, etc.)  My son-in-law uses one in his garage to check various parts of motors needing repair, temperature will tell you if a cylinder is miss-firing.
 This little gadget is really cool.  Very lightweight; easy to use; easy to read.  Non-slip grip handle. C or F selectable.  Reasonable price.
 not bad, off a couple degrea but fun to play with
 I bought this for the kitchen. I use it to check pan temperatures.
 I had a lot of fun with this when I got it.  It is a good instrument. I was checking everything in the house from bath water to coffee!
 I use this all the time. It's just really fun to use. Wonder how hot your wife is? Just point and Shoot. (really hot)<br/><br/> Wonder how hot it is outside? Just point and shoot.<br/><br/>Easy to use. Accurate to a 3 degrees.<br/><br/>Great toy.
 Great unit and is very accurate. The dual lasers and adjustable emissivity in this unit are just $3 more than the 774...much better value.
 very accurate buy you will be glad you did.
 This is totally unneeded for me, but its awesome to play with. It also does what its supposed to
 Super device! Use it every day.
 Good
 Used it to confirm my thermostat wasn't opening at temperature.
 Great Price!!!
 Great deal
 I use this to monitor the temperatures in my pet tortoise enclosure, as it is recommended by experts in that area. Very soft nice grip. The light is great. Perfect size too. Appears to be very accurate if you use common sense with what and how you measure.
 Works great as long as the dogs aren't in the room.  They go crazy when they see the little light moving around.  Good quality for the price.
 Unit  good for checking internal food temp when grilling. Also registers surface temp of road or objects outside like playground equipment to avoid burned skin etc
 nice
 Quick, convenient and seems accurate
 so far this thing works great. ive used it for everything for checking temps under a tree, inside my car, in my room, while im working. great buy for sure.
 I purchased this for work because our temperature sometimes is very erratic. It works well I have no complaints
 it's good as it get.
 Had to send it back under warranty because the laser stopped working.
 It was a gift.
 It's well made and works well. I assume it's temperature readings are accurate.  Very easy to use and seems to be well made.
 Everything with order went perfectly!
 Works like it should. Great that it has a auto shutoff. Really inexpensive and a great value. Was kinda leery because it was so cheap, but pleasantly surprised at how well it works
 I got this to demonstrate that my girlfriend was a hot head. It still keeps registering 98.7 when I aim it at her. i'm thinking that if might be broke because steam comes out of her head when I do this and we all know that steam is at least 212 degress...
 High quality -- does its job well.  Only limitation is the upper end of the temperature spectrum is relatively low.  Be sure to check that and compare to other models and your needs.  I use for cooking only, so this one works just fine.
 this thing sucks. measures about 6 degrees below what the actual temperature of most items are and it never gives a constant reading
 I use it to test everything, from morning temps around the house to the temp of my morning coffee.  Great tool to have.
 Soap making made better, a must have in making soap
 It's ok, great for novelty or letting the kids play around with but if you need true temp in high ranges this is not the one for you. You can measure pretty close to accurate (within 2 degrees F) between 0 and 150 F but anything outside those ranges is a crap shoot.
 This is a very cool gadget.  I ordered because I didn't want to have keep 2 thermometers designated for soap making after my previous two both broke.  I also used it to help find where the cold air was coming in around the front door.  Very glad I ordered it!
 Use it for our evaporative cooler. Works well.
 This thermometer is one of the better ones that I have had the chance to get my hands on. It exceeds expectations and for the price you pay you cannot ask for a better result.<br/><br/>Great job Etekcity!
 Works great , can detect warm and cold spots in customers walls and ceilings . Great tool for any handyman .
 Great buy, works well.
 I did not find this to be accurate with the temperature which consistently moves I wanted to use this for soap making but I don't feel that I am getting an accurate reading I might have to just go with a candy thermometer
 Surprised how well this works for the price.  This has many applications from home insulation checks to cooking to electronics (even a cat toy).  It is still new, I hope it will last.
 My husband loves this! He plays around with it to find temperature discrepancies!
 Very please with this unit.  We compared it to a unit that cost over $100 and they were with in 1/2 of a Degree of each other.
 Very well made. Good quality tool for the money.
 This thing is fantastic as a mechanism to gather knowledge. I've figured out where the cold leaks in my house were, what the real temperature of my oven is, and I've occasionally used it when cooking (although rarely).
 Not sure if I just got lucky or what. After reading the reviews it seemed hit or miss with this, but mine is working great so far.
 Got you fam.
 Unbeatable price, high quality, super accurate, works exactly as advertised and expected, great value, highly recommended!
 Much lighter and smaller than my old one.Works just fine.
 Now I have this, I don't know what I did without it. It works like a charm, no problems at all. Very simple. LOVE IT.
 my apartment has been very cold this winter, due to a blockage in the pipes, which they can't fix till after the heating season. This gadget has allowed me to document how cold it is!
 Great
 Perfection.
 Great product!  Used it to fine tune wood stove for most efficient burn, adjusting dampers to maximize heat.  Great tool, great price.
 This is one of those items that has so many uses,  it works like a champ and already several other uses have popped up.<br/>I'm glad I purchased it.<br/>G
 Works great! Fantastic price! Why didn't I buy one sooner?
 Works exactly how it is supposed to.  Great item to have around.  And well worth the cost.
 Of course, you won't get exact measurements. IR will be within a few degrees, but for food and house heat leaks, this thing is perfect for not much cash. Comfortable grip and works well!
 I would say this works well. I haven't had any others to compare to, so I don't know if it's the best non-contact digital thermometer. I use it to read my air temperature from my HVAC unit.
 Good thermometer
 Excellent thermometer gun, I bought this to use for investigating and troubleshooting high temperature spots in vehicle engine and exhaust areas , I have been using it for other applications as well, works great.
 Works great.  I use it to check the temps in my bearded dragon's tank and it is spot on every time.  Love it.
 It's the first laser thermometer I've owned, so I don't have anything to compare it to. Fast shipping, looks good and works well. Helped me diagnose a bad catalytic converter on my wife's Nissan.
 Very nice piece of equipment.  It's quite inexpensive, seems pretty accurate, and has lasted a long time on the starter battery.  I use this for cooking (great to take oil temperature when frying), home maintenance, checking on the weather, etc.<br/><br/>And as a bonus, the cats love to chase the laser!
 as described
 Bought this to measure the heat/cold from my HVAC system vents in the house. Very accurate and easy to use. Make sure you take the batteries out if you're going to store it for a long time.
 Got this as just as another toy. But I find myself using it for a lot of things. I checked temp on, ice box, freezer, oven etc.<br/>Checked the temp reading on this against some fairly known temps and it seems to be very close in readings.
 Pretty accurate, works great. Dual Laser are great to know exactly where you are pointing and the distance you need to be from the target heat source.
 Works great and very accurate.
 Have you ever wondered what the temperature is on every surface in your house?  Well you don't have to wonder ever again if you buy this.
 Works
 Works great.  Great man tool around the bbq / grilling pit.
 Works great in the kitchen for fried foods. Accurate sensor for deep frying
 This is exceptionally useful when you need precise temperature control, such as sous-vide cooking.  Appears to be very accurate.  Point-and-shoot ease of use.  Love it!
 Fast, accurate, and indispensable when manual deep frying and keeping the oil temperature spot on
 disappointed that it only measures surface temperature  -- expected it to measure internal temperature --  my bad
 Like it a lot.
 works instantly, can check cooking oil tempenture too!
 I purchased these for science experiments in my classroom.  They work well, and the students have learned a lot using them
 I was looking for a way to check the temp on RC Car motor. This fits the bill perfectly. I don't know if it is perfectly accurate but it works for me and the price is right!
 Very accurate and easy to use. The little laser pointer in mine died eventually but the thermometer itself is going strong.
 Works good for the price <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Etekcity-Lasergrip-774-Non-contact-Digital-Laser-Infrared-Thermometer-Yellow-and-Black/dp/B00837ZGRY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Etekcity Lasergrip 774 Non-contact Digital Laser Infrared Thermometer, Yellow and Black</a>
 After just a couple of weeks, the laser function stopped working rendering this tool<br/>basically useless for my purposes. Otherwise, it seemed good and results were reproducible
 Perfect!
 So far I've bought two of them. Makes for a great gift, tons of practical applications. Comes with the battery.
 Fun to play with.  Used it to check snow temp (very cold day -3) and wood inside Woodburner up to 900degrees.
 Perfect little digital heat reader.  Highly recommend this for reading surface temperatures.
 Fast and accurate, easy to use and the quality is outstanding...
 Easy to use and does a great job displaying the accurate temperature. You do need to be close to the source your are trying to take a temperature of.
 This only reads surface temps, so be aware of that. The temperature varies as you use it, so it's not scientifically accurate, but it does the job. I use this while I'm cooking, but you're not going to be able to use this to check the temp or a turkey, since it's just reading the surface.
 Works great on the griddle and grill plus all the other things that are just fun to check out.  Bought a second one for my travel trailer for the same reasons.
 Worked perfectly right out the box! Gives accurate temps. I have to join my lye and oils within 10° of each other and this makes it as easy as possible ro do so! Pointed and clicked it said I was ready. I crossed my fingers and away I went! Turned out great!
 I bought this in order to be able to get a quick temperature read on some refrigerators I have as well as to troubleshoot an oven temperature problem I was having. So far, it's worked great!
 Great to be able to zap a location and get immediate temp read-out.  Handy for attic space, and to test temps at ceiling and compare with floor, etc.
 OK
 Good device and works well when using.  Only complaint is no hard OFF switch, found it a few times on while in my carry bag.  I now have to keep it elsewhere to make sure it does not turn on by mistake and kill the battery.  So points off for that.
 Bought this as a white elephant gift.  It was a huge hit as much people don't even know this sort of unit exist.
 This thermometer works so nicely and pointed out a lot of cold spots in my house. The dogs also love playing with the laser pointer.  Totally worth the purchase.
 Wow! What a deal! Works great and helped me determine which furnace vents were hotter than others. Plus, I got to compare those to some supplemental electric heat and determine how to set things up. I've used instant read meat thermometers for similar readings, but the Lasergrip is, like, instant-instant. Buy one just for the fun of it!
 Works fantastic. Very easy to use. I am not sure about how precise it is but for measuring fluctuation around the room and finding deficits in insulation in the walls was very good.
 Its perfect to use around the house and see where the hot spots are on my roof.
 Oh god this is fun. Old fart checking temps
 I've never used one before. I'm definitely a fan. Pretty accurate. Handy in many situations.
 Accurate, tested it and found it to be off about one degree. Bought it to use with my smoker, gauge on smoker I suspect is off a lot. Will find out when I smoke the Thanksgiving turkeys.
 Very simple to use,  pop battery in and go.  I use it to monitor heat tape on my snakes cage. Perfect
 Great price for this unit.  It works well and now I find myself checking temps all over the house.  I bought it for stove top temp readings of pans and it does what it says.
 Mine is consistently 25-30 degree higher than everything else.  How can my cold tap water to be 125f?
 EVERYBODY SHOULD HAVE ONE OF THESE TO SEE THE MONEY WASTED ON ENERGY WHEN YOU LIVE IN A HOT DAMP HUMID JUNGLE. IF FLORIDA WASN'T CONNECTED TO THE CONTINENT IT WOULD CUBA, PUERTO RICO, JAMAICA AND ALL THE OTHER JUNGLE CENTERED ISLANDS.
 Great reader for the price, it is off a few degrees but you have a great tool that gives you a general idea of the temp. Highly recommended, especially for the price.
 works great, I use it to see the temperature of a pizza stone inside an oven. I'm not sure what else I could use this for but it seems pretty accurate.
 Great product for the money.
 I used this product when I was having air-conditioning problems. And wasn't a quick fix but it was accurate.<br/><br/>Would I purchase this again.  yes<br/>Would I recommend this product.  yes
 I enjoy this and got it for a good price. They are useful and fun at the same time. I like to measure the temperature of random objects all day.
 Works pretty well, however batterys run out fairly fast, maybe 4 or 5 uses for less than 15 min each use. Otherwise a decent product. Overall happy with it for the price!
 The thermostat in our old O Keefe and Merritt oven is all over the place. Since I bake bread and time and temperature is crucial I had to find a way to monitor the oven. This meter works perfect. Its very easy to use and read.
 Needs to have a way that the user can calibrate it. The temps seem to be off a bit.
 Works well for my Screen Printing business.  Plus the cats love it.  Wife is getting tired of me pointing at her and saying "Ya Baby, Your HOT!"  The magic is wearing off.....
 Great bang for the buck.<br/>Awesome for temp gauging fry oil.
 Works as expected. Decent grip and quality of material. I also use this as a laser toy for my pet!
 Not made very well. Cheap plastic. Not easy to use and battery is hard to install. not giving accurate readings . Waste of money
 nice one
 I love this thing i have been checking temperature of every thing people, dog, things, fire and around doors to look for leaks :) love it
 Very convenient device. I use it for both automotive and household applications. it is easy to use and accurate, i have cross checked. The first one died after a year and the company replaced it without question.
 Doing some remodeling and this has helped me track down some sources of air intrusion that I wasn't expecting.
 This is so cool! I use one in our DQ, I wanted one for home when I make soap. Works like a charm, no more mess! Super quality, very sturdy! I need a few more at this price.
 This is a nice tool to have around. I use it more to check ambient air temps then anything else, and it works well for that purpose!
 Good
 Accurate, well made and does what it's advertised to do.  A must for vintage VW owners.
 I love, love, love this thermometer for making soap.  It is so great to not have to continually put a thermometer into the soap!
 Arrived promptly and fits our needs perfectly.
 Very simple to use and reads the temperature quickly. I am happy with this product. I like the ability to enable/disable the red laser.
 Exactly as deacribes. However... remember... its 2 degrees off + or -. Would buy again
 Can't go wrong here , great product and arrived timely !
 I bought this primarily for cold processed soap making where accurate temperature readings are crucial.  It is very lightweight and very easy to use.  It even comes with the battery included (it's in the battery compartment still sealed in plastic).  Just install the battery &amp; you're ready to go.  There are a lot bigger products like this out there, but I really like that this one is compact &amp; lightweight.  Makes storing it very easy.  If you're in the market for this type of item, I can tell you that I am 100% satisfied with this purchase.
 Love it. This is SO much easier than my glass thermometer.  I use it to make my candles with for my business and the option of turning the laser off and on is so useful!
 NOT accurate. does not accurately ready freezing, or boiling and there is no adjustment ability as far as I can find.
 I really do not *need* this tool...  But it is silly fun to be able to use to tell surface temps of various things.  For the price it is worth it for the every blue moon time I will benefit from having it.  It works well, is solidly constructed and functions exactly as advertised.
 It looks very good and feels nice. However, the temperature is a good ways off.
 Works great
 Works great
 Works as expected.
 Bought this in July 2016, Work great until two days ago March 22, 2017. Was checking Tempers her on a light wire that was overheating.<br/>First reading 123 degrees  After fixing it Checked temper 580 degrees. It flashed calibration. Then nothing, Changed battery and still nothing.<br/>Just a paper Wight.
 Awesome tool. Bought it to check temperatures in my reptile enclosures. Pretty spot on.
 Accurate holds temp after trigger is released.<br/>9 v battery now I need seven more words all of a sudden.
 Did the job
 works great, i use this to check the temps on my rc motors, engines and esc's
 I got this thermometer for soap making and it definitely makes the process simpler than using regular thermometers and is one less thing to clean.
 perfect for work
 Great item---great price.<br/>I was surprised how well it works.<br/>Buy with confidence.
 doesn't give an accurate reading.
 this thing is great i gave it 4/5 becasue the battery stores in the handle and pops open all the time. need a stronger locking mechanism
 Works well
 Works fine
 Has worked well and held up well!  I use it in a commercial kitchen to check temp on our custom Bread Oven and to see whereabouts  the frying oil temperatures are.  Good Product!
 pretty weak product.  battery drains even if the item is in a drawer and turned off
 great thank you
 Battery doesn't stay in the great, and it's all over the place on readings.  I use it for cooking and it works fine for that...  dunno if i'd trust it for more than that.
 Works very well.
 So far has worked nicely!
 This thing is great. It's useful and a lot of fun. Once I get started using it, it's hard to stop taking temperature measurements of random things around the house. It's super helpful in making sure my water is the right temperature for making coffee in my french press. It's also been nice to test out how different insulated drinking containers perform at keeping liquids hot and cold for a given duration of time.<br/><br/>It's become a great teaching aid for my kids as well; they're always interested when they see that I'm using it and will come over to check it out, then they'll use it to take measurements of their own. One of the most interesting results they've found is that my bottom is a few degrees hotter than my wife's bottom. So, science has proven that I have the hotter bottom!
 Easy to use and reliable reading of temperature..
 Very accurate way of obtaining the outside temperature while you're cooking.
 Funciona a la perfecion lo recomiendo 100%
 It works fine.  Straight forward to use: point, squeeze trigger, read temp.  It's that simple.
 Use this at work to show temperatures of glass in our window showroom
 Great thermometer and the price was great too. Couple of my friends purchased one too after they saw mine.
 Very happy with this product. I use it frequently to check temps while making soaps and lotions and it is very accurate. I was apprehensive about buying this at first because of the low price, but after reading other reviews decided to purchase it. I am very glad I did.
 Works OK
 Exactly as described. Works as it should.
 seems to work fine,
 Works as advertized lazer on it can be a fun toy for pets as well, I use this all the time for various reasons like checking the temperature of my air conditioner, it is helpful when troubleshooting various appliances.
 Haven't had opportunity to use this extensively but appears to work as advertised.
 Good product, exactly as described.
 Even more indispensible than I thought it would be.  I bought it to identify drafts, which it does well, but it has also been great for food safety (in particular heating foods in the microwave).
 Excellent
 works perfect.
 mostly good readings, a few faulty ones
 Great external temp reader!
 It works<br/>It's accurate<br/>It's inexpensive
 This is the second time I have bought an Etekcity digital thermometer. The first one's laser quit working shortly after I got it. The company replaced it free of charge. This one works great.
 this has saved my life a few times, nowing when something was to hot
 Awesome product and seller.
 works as advertised, I have no idea how accurate it is, it seems to be in the ballpark.  For the price I cannot complain.  I use it to check A/C temps and for leaks around windows.
 Awesome temp gun for the price. I test pretty accurately against other temperature device.  It does not have any max or min temp capture settings like some temp guns do.
 Works great for cooking and welding
 Cool little temp reader. Fast temp check when working on cars etc.
 I love this device, it works superbly and I use it a lot. Aim it at the fry pan to make sure I keep it below 325F for scrambling eggs, etc. Get one.
 Works great don't use it too much it will run the battery down fast.
 Quite simply amazing technology!
 Works exactly as described by the description AND the feedback from other buyers of this thermometer. So far so good!
 Good product
 Purchased for husband.  He uses it and hasn't complained.  :-)
 Does its job at a great price. Recommended!
 Works great and accurate readings. Appreciate the battery being included.
 Item as described!
 We saw this on a cooking show. I decided to surprise my kid with it. She used it daily for the 1st two weeks to check the surface temperature of everything in the house, including the people and the dog. Great fun!
 I purchased this for cold process soapmaking, and I'm 100% pleased with my choice.  It reads more consistently and accurately than my other digital thermometers, and it's quick and easy to use.
 works good last long time!<br/>had mine over 1 year
 This thing seems to be pretty accurate.  I tested it with my cooking thermometer and it's within a degree up to 200F.  Above that, it's just fun to play with.  I test my grill, my fireplace, etc.<br/><br/>It's useful for finding leaky windows and places which need insulation in the garage.<br/><br/>By and large, it was an impulse buy meant to be a toy, but I've found it to be an excellent tool.  I recommend them to everyone.
 as advertised
 Worth the Money ... Great Value... Workz as listed
 Fun but not at all even close to accurate lol
 ok
 The thermometer arrived quickly and seems to be well made and accurate so far.
 Purchased for a school cafeteria kitchen.  Excellent temp gun for the money.  We had same model for over 5 years before it finally pooped out on us.  And now its even cheaper than 5 years ago.
 Super cool!  So glad I got this.  First: works fast and easy.  Easy to read numbers.  Accurate +/- 3 degrees is pretty good. The handle is a VERY comfortable soft plastic.
 fantastic product!  was able to use right out of the box and it's become invaluable in the kitchen
 Operates as designed. Cheap and durable. Who can ask for more?
 It works exactly as I expected
 So simple to use that there's almost no point in having instructions. Not a single complaint!
 Cool tool that seems very accurate and works as described.
 Perfect size to fit most hands and love that it not too bulky. Give you an exact reading of the surface temperature of what you're shooting at it and it came with batteries.
 It works!
 I use this to measure coffee bean temps during roasting and have found it quite useful for other things. It's not dead accurate and I've found it to be off by as much as 3F but for my uses it's perfect.
 My cat loves chasing the laser around the house.  The grip and trigger activation make it easy to play for longer periods of time.<br/><br/>Oh, and it can accurately measure temperatures too!
 gives the right temp &amp; works great for the price.
 Works good for what I need it for so I'm happy with the purchase
 Body Temps coming up as 91 degrees F.  Very heavy as well.  Returned.
 Very accurate
 Works well. The optimal distance from target is 14".  Works fair at greater distances.
 just what I was looking for
 Very useful for reading temperature of things
 Everyone should have one of these things. The uses never stop.
 works for what I wanted, glad I bought it
 Like the product.<br/>Great seller!
 The thermometer works as it's supposed to. It's only off by a couple degrees which could be an issue for certain users depending on the activity it's used for, but I use it during candle and soap making and it's just fine. Feel free to ask any questions.
 Good product
 I got this for soap making and it works great. I feel like this was a great value and would suggest someone else purchase it also.
 Great price for a tool that is very precise! I find myself using it so many times a week.
 The laser light did not work, tried a fresh battery but no luck. Called Etekcity and spoke to a real person.  I was told to send email to their customer support and they replied back almost immediately. Said they were sending me a replacement in 2-5 days.  Very impressed with their product support. I will update when I receive the new one.  In the meantime the item does feel to be good quality and the temp readings seem to be in the correct range however without the laser I'm not certain which area it is reading unless I hold it real close to the object I'm testing.<br/>Update 10/26/16<br/>Just got my replacement and it works perfectly.  Very impressed with this company and their customer service.  They know how to keep your business. For the price this is a great buy and highly recommend it.  I would buy another Etekcity product confidently in the future. They didn't even make me send the other one back so didn't have to deal with that hassle.
 does the job
 Love it. This is amazing and seems to be very accurate. Use it on the swimming pool.
 been using this for several years. great device!
 perfect
 Does what it's suppose to do....easy to use
 Fantastic little laser thermometer.
 This is a nice tool, very handy to be used all over the house. I find it particularly handy at the kitchen and checking warmer spots not covered by the A/C.
 My wife says it is just a plaything, but I like that I can check the surface temp of a frying pan and regulate the heat to get the desired browning.  Good to check the temp of the coffee you are reheating in the micro.
 Works, but sketchy
 Very useful tool for under $20
 Very pleased...work as describe!!!! Recomended!!!
 Arrived quickly, works great!!!
 Must have..
 use to take heat reading of trailer hubs during travel......will show if a bearing is running hot before it fails. worth ever cent I paid for it. works very well.
 This thing is FANTASTIC. I can't comment on pinpoint multi-decimal accuracy, but the gross reading is more than accurate enough for my purposes. The laser light makes everything so easy...... Good tool!
 very nice as expressed in other reviews. Who knew you could check your aquarium with this? Aim away from fish ;) Stuff like this could convert non-geeks
 I love playing with my thermometer gun.  It is an invaluable tool when making cold process soap. The price was good, Prime shipping was free and I received it in two days - Awesome!
 It mostly works.  It seems to take a few checks to get it correct but otherwise good.
 Works as is should for me.  I don't do any hard core temping, I only use it to check temps of my pots and pans before I drop food into them.  I temp oil as well when I'm frying.
 Very nice product. I've used it to check temperatures coming from home vent to the heat coming from my av/receiver. Oh the cat loves it too 😊
 works
 A very nice quality temp. gun. The back light feature is nice.<br/>I tested it against my old temp gun, and seems to be dead on accurate. The grip and construction is good, face is easy to read and functions correctly, also includes batteries. Well worth the price.
 Top performance at a reasonable price.
 for the price it basically works as mine is plus 2 degrees higher than a liquid temp probe core temp.
 I just started using a cast iron skillet which is so completely unlike any other pans. Having this to show me the temperature was a big help.<br/>Never thought of this use before purchasing.
 We're using this thermometer for our pizza oven. So far we really like it. Haven't had any issues.
 Works great
 Works as described.
 This product works as advertised and has quick and accurate readings. Can also take a reading from a staggering distance away. Nothing bad to say about it, would recommend to anyone.
 Lots of fun playing with this tool.  Worked easily right out of the package.  Hope to make some winterizing decisions based on the info we gather.
 Neat gadget, works well
 A nice gadget to have. Use in computer repair, check temps of the cpu cooler, RAM, North bridge, and fan air. Has solved a few problems. For me a good item to have. Simple to use.
 Bought this thinking it was for home medical use. Instead, I discovered its handy to gauge the wood stove heat output, and play "tag" with the cats.
 For the $$ spent I am very satisfied w/this unit.  The build quality is very good &amp; has a very good feel in hand.  Compare this to Harbor Freight &amp; be $$ ahead w/likely the same level of build
 I absolutely love this and it was a great price!  Works perfectly for  when I make my bath and body products AND candles!
 Very good and useful piece of equipment.  I love it and use it everyday. I went thru a battery already (2 weeks) but that was the one it came with. I dodon't usually give those batteries much credit.
 Seems accurate enough for my needs... it jumps around a few degrees either side of an average reading.  I don't quite understand why these kinds of thermometers don't have a calibration button.
 Disappointed.  I checked this with many items including my forhead and the stove flames and the temps were really not accurate.
 Perfect! Exactly what I needed! So much better than having use multiple thermometers in different mixtures and bowls, now I can use just one!
 Good price and works for what I needed it for
 Great product works fine
 this small tool is ideal for checking HVAC temperatures around the house
 Measured just about everything when I first got it. Legitimately used it several months later for measuring the output temp of my window AC unit - 65 deg fahrenheit, not bad!
 Works for a few minutes, but then the temperatures starts to get stuck and never returns to a baseline.
 Cool breakthrough for soap making.
 Bastante bueno
 still working just fine.<br/>i got this about a month ago, i've used it a few times and it's still working good.<br/>i was a little worried about the quality, but it's holding up alright.<br/>the battery is included, it was installed.
 Honestly just bought it to randomly check random thing temperatures...<br/>Works as described.
 Works great.
 Sort of accurate.  I like toys a d saw this and thought it would be fun.  Fairly accurate.  I did not expect it to be perfect, but it seems to be pretty close.
 I am a Chef/Owner of a Cafe. I use this several times daily to check the temp of my cold make line (prep stand open are). This is wonderful to keep your food prep safe. I would recommend this product!
 Very high quality product.  Backlight can be disabled, laser can be disabled, the grip is comfortable, the temperature is accurate...  What more can you ask for?
 Works great to find pan and grill temperature. Also use to find vent temp for heat &amp; AC,
 Easy to work with--just point and shoot and you get a clear l.e.d. readout in an instant in either Celcius or Fahrenheit.  The accuracy, however, exceeds +/-3% of actual temperature as read with a glass thermometer.
 Excellent thermometer for the price
 Product works well
 works good,,, little technical ,,, but does work
 I use this in my soap making (and also to terrorize my cats). Hasn't let me down yet!
 Very easy to use, excellent product, and great customer service that took the time to see how well I liked the product.
 Works as intended. Seems accurate and construction feels good.
 Does the job! works well.
 Excellent item. Item received as described. Fast shipping and great packaging. Would purchase from this seller again. A+++
 Excellent little pyrometer. I purchased this to monitor engine temps in different areas of a project vehicle i have been working on. It came in very handy, and I only regret not purchasing one earlier!
 Works as it should, Point Pull trigger and give Temp. It does just that and Prettty accurate too. It could not be easier.
 May uses in a travel trailer, from the burners on the stove to the air conditioning, works great at a cheap price.
 Perfect for beach, or whatever.
 I bought this to help keep an eye on the temperature of our deck ovens at work and to gauge where the "hot spots" are. It's light and reads temperature fast, plus its small enough to put in my chef pants pocket without being uncomfortable. I had no idea these things were so affordable.
 Excellent product. Does a good job.
 It is perfect. The laser can be turned on and off. It takes surface temperatures accurately. If you buy one, you will probably walk around your house testing everything just as I first did.  I've liked for hot and cold spots throughout the house and tested burners, a grill,  a cast iron pan, baking stones, outlets,  water,  and everything else imaginable.
 Very neat little tool the dog loves to chase the laser
 easy to read temps, perfect for testing temps in my cages for all of my animals. thank you!
 it measures a tad lower than i believe the actual temp to be but it is consistent so a mental adjustment is easy. easy to use easy to read product.
 Keeps me from burning myself on engines
 This is a cool tool.  Looking for more ways to use it.
 Nice cheap temp gun, Good for various projects and even for doing a quickie fever check on a youngster or yourself if needed.
 Works very well. I bought it for bring beer. Tested it in boiling water at various temp against my regular thermo. It was within 1-2 degrees at all temp levels. I also tested it on my air conditioning ducts against a dial thermo. It seemed to be right on. Can't beat it.
 Very comfortable and Accurate! Also pretty compact (compared to what i expected) and portable.
 Did not work out of box
 Very fun to mess around with, have used to check the temperature of boiling water, rooms, etc.  Has helped us figure out the hot and cold spots in our house to make the HVAC more efficient.
 Ever one wants me to purchase them one.
 Very accurate. Easy to use. Not something I need/use every day, but it's really nice to have an accurate low cost tester available whenever I need it.
 You have to hold it at 14" from your area you are temping so it can be difficult to hold right to get accurate numbers. But its easier
 This was an impulse purchase over Christmas, but it turned out to be the best thing I bought over the season.<br/>The fact that it switches farenheid to Celsius and works brilliantly from 30cm males it the best addition to my wife's kitchen. Regret I didn't buy more and give them to my friends ands family
 I really liked the thermometer because it is fast! I can make candy or soap and I don't have to waste time waiting for the mercury to rise in the candy thermometer.
 Works great and pretty accurate
 Great value! I use it when making handmade soap. Haven't had a single problem with it!
 Accurate way to measure temps, on ovens stoves, grills etc.
 I have been wanting one of these for some time.  Finally a price that was affordable and it works great.
 Great gadget for around the house.
 Works and described. Fast and accurate enough (check manufacturer accuracy tolerance). Great for seeking out cold/ hot spots and quick general temperatures
 It is super easy to use. Simple. Excelente. First use in 1 sec.
 We have a soap making business, and this is one of the best things we have bought. No more flimsy thermometers for both oil and lye.
 Very handle tool around the house when you need to know the temperature of a surface.  If I were to do it again I might upgrade to the laxer guided model for more accuracy and ease of use.
 Works great
 The Tempature JUMPS ALOT,  and won't give a define reading,  I guess it's okay for cool surfaces at room tempatature
 Works amazingly accurate
 Got this as a Christmas present. It broke after 3 uses. My husband bought it for his brother in law
 You cant get different measurement against the same object if you try multiple times
 East to use. Point, pull trigger, calibrate your oven. Mine was off by 25 degrees.
 use in so many ways
 I use it for home brewing. Its pretty accurate as well.
 I couldn't find the one around the house that I paid $75 dollars for years ago, this one has a better shape and seems just as accurate.
 Works real well. Easy and (I think a little fun) to use.
 Excellent!
 Excellent Product, works like advertised. Very accurate and simple to use. I brought it to measure my rooms temp this summer to evaluate options to make it cooler.
 Great item. Works greatly
 I like this item. It seems to be accurate and is easy to use.The price was great.
 I use this all the time now, get one if you want to see where your drafts are coming from.
 I use this temp gauge on my RC cars. Specifically the engine and ESC. It works well and is compact enough to fit well into my toolbox.
 Has done well on everything so far and led light up screen it can even be read in the dark
 Nice!
 Super quick delivery.  Like other comments about 1 or 2 degrees off is true if u compare to your home thermostat . I'd say maybe 1 degree fluctuation.  Great quality, sturdy feel, and 😉 comes with a battery lol don't let the price fool you .just as good as a 50 to 70 dollars tester
 This will keep your otherwise boring days occupied for at least a week as you walk around the house checking the temperature of everything.  Where can you find entertainment this cheap?
 Very easy to use. I use this for soapmaking and it's great!
 This product meets all my expectations for a laser thermometer.  It performs well and the price was very fair.  The company's customer service is very good, and the process from order to delivery was very smooth.<br/>I recently found out that it also doubles as an excellent cat toy- my cat is crazy about the laser beam!
 This little gadget does it all.  Very good quality and accurate.  There are other infrared thermometers for 10 times the price of this one. This one works like a charm. Quite a bargain.
 great product for checking temp on soapmaking
 Great tool. Works awesome. Would buy again.
 Does what it is supposed to! I only need to take readings below 300 C. This unit is accurate enough for my purpose and the price was right!
 Laser beam is not as bright as previous tools I've bought in the past. If trying to point at an area at a far distance 30ft +, it was somewhat difficult to see the laser beam.
 Not for precision readings.  I've found it dancing around and not reading acurate temps.  But otherwise it's fine.  Works for what I need it for.<br/><br/>I think if it were $5-$10 less then I'd happier with the overall purchase.  For what I paid I was hoping for a little more precise reading.
 Good product
 Funciona a la perfección, es lo que estaba buscando según lo especificado en las descripción 👍
 Powered on no problem. It was highly inaccurate. Wouldnt read over  200°
 Small, easy to use, about 1/2 the price as a similar unit i purchased a few years back. am happy with purchase
 There really is no way to judge the accuracy but, based on what I believe to be true, it appears quite accurate. Easy to use, easy to  handle, actually a lot of fun. Great buy, great price. Very pleased.
 I'm not really using it for it's proper use. It's my dogs favorite toy. I pick it up and they go wild waiting for me to turn on the lazer.
 It works for relative measurements. The sensitive spot isn't very selective, and the spot size changes with distance, so it is hard to measure something small.
 Lots of fun, but very inaccurate.  Back it went.
 works well
 So far Working Ok
 Excellent Product, Great Customer Service !!!!!
 Great way to get instant readings fast and precise. The handle of this gun is smooth, it fits in the hand very very well! Its lightweight but yet feels tough! love the features you won't go wrong with this purchase.
 Works as advertised and has lasted for the better part of a year without any signs of problems.
 Easy to use. It appears to be pretty accurate. Not a bad little unit.
 Nice product at a reasonable price.  It works well within a couple of degrees.  Great for monitoring stove pipe temps, etc.
 Awesome product! Very precise in detecting temperature differences of items very close together. Originally I bought it to verify my catalytic converter is still working. With such a precise product, I began using it to verify the oven temp while cooking Christmas dinner. It works as expected and better!
 this item came quickly and seems to work very well so far. I would recommend it to others.
 Works great.  Quality very good for price.  Temperature seems to generally +/- 1 degree of accurate.
 Great value.<br/><br/>I use this to measure tire temperatures on a car at race tracks.  Works great
 Very good. Excellent delivery time. Good Amazon seller. Highly Recommended.
 Another great value! Simple to use-enough said. Measured against a professional thermometer, it is 99.5% accurate. Buy one - you'll love it.
 A must have around the kitchen and grill!  Temperature reads are fast and accurate.
 Good product ! But i think its better if they build with one laser and Can be work father then how they work now
 This product has exceeded my expectations. Very solid and sturdy craftsmanship. Very well done!
 great tactile feel, clear and crisp display. i bought two at the same time, and they read within 0.5 degrees F of one another.  Much nicer than the broken H@rb0r Fr3igh+ one I used before.<br/><br/>-- updated on 7/27/2016 -- to two stars -- mine broke a month after i bought it with light use.
 Works great. Excellent for the price.
 I originally purchased this unit for use at work to check temperatures of food refrigeration units at my job. One might think that a bit extreme working for a national donut and coffee chain, but I believe in working smarter, not harder.<br/><br/>This thermometer has really excelled at whatever I've thrown at it. I've dropped it on ceramic tile floors and kept it in my car in sub-freezing and sweltering temperatures, and never once had a problem with it. Once, a plastic trim piece popped off after dropping it, but it snapped back on perfectly and snugly.<br/><br/>I have a probed thermocouple thermometer to be used at work; this often involves having a big curly cord sticking out of the door, allowing warmer air to enter the refrigerators and freezers while I wait for the probe to get an accurate reading. Sometimes, this would take 3-5 minutes, and I would have to keep turning the thermocouple back on several times to see if it was ready yet, all the time holding the door closed in between customers to get an accurate reading. 10 different temp readings could take 30 minutes, or more if interrupted. Using this device, and properly aiming the laser, I got readings that were almost always exactly what the thermocouple reported (either dead-on or within +/- 0.2 degrees), and those same 10 temperature readings would take 2 minutes tops (it took longer to write the numbers down and initial them than it took to actually take the temperatures!)<br/><br/>Since then, I have also used it to check temperature of parts under the hood of my cars before I start any work, and also on ovens at work that I am about to clean to make sure I wouldn't burn myself in the process. (Saved myself a burn in a 343-degree bagel toaster last night, as a matter of fact, although the coil of the bagel toaster is higher than the range of this thermometer.)<br/><br/>As other users have noted, curiosity might get the better of you, and you might run around taking temperatures of everything that's around you. I know I certainly did; holding the trigger as you sweep the laser sight around will amaze you as you see how surface temperature changes on different materials, how your AC/heating system is faring, even how much your home hot water pipes lose as they travel from your water heater/furnace.<br/><br/>Do take note that, due to the way infrared beams bounce, certain reflective surfaces will give you faulty readings (the surface of fluids, for instance). This is by no means the most flawless method of checking temperature, it all depends on what you are actually taking the temperature of, but with a little common sense and experimentation, you'll know how to operate this unit and get good results.<br/><br/>The laser sight is fairly accurate, but as explained in the included documentation, how close you are to what you're measuring makes a big difference. The display backlighting is decent, the option to turn the laser sight on or off is a nice feature, and the ability to swap between Fahrenheit and Celsius is also handy if you need it. Digits are clear and easy to read, although the tenths position is a little small for my liking. That's just nitpicking an otherwise great device.<br/><br/>By and large, it's a handy little unit that will serve a variety of purposes, and before you know it, you'll be checking the temperature of your computer CPU, the walls, the floors, the neighbor's cat, just about everything. It's actually a little fun to play with.
 Accurate and easy to use.
 Works perfectly for soap making. Very easy to use.
 I would like for u to say that it is not medical instead of when u start to read instructions!
 Fairly accurate.<br/>I didn't calibrate or test it except checking my oven temperature, which matched what I had the oven knob set to.<br/>Convenient size.
 Works like a champ.
 Fast and Reliable.  Had fairly repeatable results.
 Works great and seems to be very accurate. I really like how the display screen lights up for easier reading. Overall great product and very convenient!
 Works well. The only thing I am unsure of is using it with food. It works great for everything else though!!
 Quality product at a fair price.  Works as advertised, I use this in the kitchen, checking the temperature of oil when frying, as well as other uses around the house.  Simple to use.
 This is a really cool item. i got it for fun and because i always wanted one. It works really well. After i spent hours playing with I actually used it to find cold spots in the house where outlets needed more insulation
 Very exact.  I can shoot the laser at the heat exchanger on my computer and get an exact reading.
 Great product, very useful handy tool.
 works will and and is very use full
 Bought this to use to check the heating eveness for a heat press.  Works well.  Also just plain fun to check the temperature of everyday objects.
 Works great can't believe quality and price. Will definitely buy another after this one wears out.
 Works great, many uses.
 good
 Great
 Performed as advertised. Very satisfied. Recommend.
 This thing is great for measuring temperatures of liquids. It was also used to measure the temperature of the walls to see how well the insulation is wall-by-wall. Who knew!
 Works well and the nice thing is that you don't have to use the laser to take a temp.  Great at finding cold spots in the house. highly recommend
 Wonderful! Works great! Would highly recommend!! Will need 9v batteries.
 Good value for the price. Unable to verify its absolute accuracy but it is excellent for determining relative temperatures across a surface or around a room.
 I love this thing! It works great. Nice heavy quality and non slip handle. It takes the temperature of any surface. Oil temperature for frying or check that the temperature in your refrigerator is correct or the water in your neti pot before burning yourself.
 Have used it a bunch.  Very handy
 Great for my soapmaking.  Works instantly. I love that you can turn the back light off to conserve battery. Great product and great price! Highly recommended.
 Bought this for my new griddle, works great !
 Good price and feels like it's well made.
 Works great as expected. Takes guesswork out of cooking meats
 good
 Very neat product. Instantaneous, accurate temperature with no direct contact. See product info for limitations. For example doesn't work through glass and steam. There are ways around this.
 Very happy with it.
 The temperature was a clear 10 degrees off it's real value. Not to be trusted! Returned for a refund.
 This is my all time favorite product that I have purchased on Amazon. I love it. It was a great bargain. I have seen it for twice the price at retail stores. It works great and we use it at our temperature controlled imaging office regularly.
 This is a tool and also fun to use.  Must be careful with laser lights, though.  Never aim at eyes or pets, etc.
 I bought this to check my grill and wheel bearing temperatures on our RV but use it often as a portable quick reading thermometer.
 It seems to do what it was designed to do just not confident in the accuracy
 WORKS GREAT
 Worked great for about 6 months then became less and less accurate
 Works great. Very easy to use for multiple tasks.
 Husband likes it a lot.  Thinks it works great for the price.
 Always wanted one to help check heat loss around the house.
 Bought this temporary gun for my new refrigerator.<br/>It works for a wide range of applications. Basically<br/>I'm impressed.
 love it ...easy to use...very accurate
 This came quickly and will be a nice gift for father's day
 Significant convenience and accuracy.
 Great item to check the house for energy efficiency.
 good unit works great.
 great way to check surface temps, anywhere.. Doesn't check internal temperatures, so keep that in mind for food. Always use an internal 'probe type' thermometer for that...
 GREAT product for the price!!
 Its fun to use. Has a nice laser that the dog loves too.
 Awesome great quality and value
 Did what it is supposed to do. Very cool device. Easy to use. Have no idea of accuracy but seemed fine
 Works ok, doesn't seem that accurate even when held at the appropriate distance.
 The product has met my expectations.  I purchased the product to use for measuring the surface temperature of my new himalanian salt block.  I am pleased with the simplicity of the device and I feel it is accurate for the purpose.
 easy to use, works quite well and accurate readings
 Use this with cooking, warming cat food and warming subq fluids for cats.  Like it very much
 Good
 This meter aappears to work fine.  I don't have any way to compare the reading but from my limited experience, it appears to be accurate.
 Seems to work great so far
 My son's projects won silver and bronze!!! Good tool!!
 solid material and works great up to 10 feet away from the item reading.
 works just like the high dollar ones
 Works great, used it to check AC temperature and where my hot spots were in the house.
 After being pleased with the one I purchased for myself, I bought two more to give as gifts.  My seven year old grandson took it from his dad and had a blast walking around measuring the temp of everything in sight.
 Got the hands on thermometers beat all to pieces.
 Works as described and intended with out issue.
 Works ok might be off a couple degrees either way.
 Works as advertised and easy to use.  Great at instant read of my wok and cast iron cookware.  I never know if the pan is hot enough before adding oil.  How I know. Seems to be accurate based on comparisons with other thermometers I have. I have used it for about a week.  We'll see how it holds up but for now I am pleased.
 Perfect for the kitchen! Used for cheese, soap, and bread making. What did I do before I bought this?!
 Nice product
 I use it for melt and pour soap making, and cooking.
 This is by far the best works like a charm. Not complicated at all.
 So far all good....  No negative surprises!
 Accurate enough.  Wet ice measures 31F degrees.  Boiling water measures 210F degrees.Laser marker on/off is handy.
 This thing is AWESOME.  Worked great out of the box.  My kids were scanning everything.  I does seem to run about 2-3 degrees cooler than my instant thermometer, but for what I paid, and how well it works it is a no brainier.
 Given to my sister as a food thermometer,  I donr think we ever used it that way because it's WAAAY too fun to measure everything else!
 What was a fun little gadget has turned into a very useful tool.  I use it to get a read on how hot my pans or cooking oil are before throwing things in there.
 It's useful when searching for the energy leaks in my home, and it's interesting to see how hot something is, such as the fire in my woodburning stove or the temperature of a lightbulb.
 Nice product. Good transaction.
 No-nonsense laser-targeted thermometer.  Works well for diagnosing temperatures on exhaust headers on cars, etc.
 Thank you
 Works perfectly
 Works perfectly for checking temperature of air coming out of the vents. And, takes temperature of most anything
 I so far am very pleased with this. I have a thermostat on my air compressor and the digital read out on it is very close to what this says.
 Easy interface to read, useful feature where you can turn off the back lighting or the laser pointer.
 works great
 I bought two of these and on one of them, one of the lasers did not work. Thermometer is fine though.
 Works just as it should
 This product works great! I'm glad that I bought it. I may have to buy another, my son keeps borrowing it.
 Can't get it to calibrate correctly
 Love it!
 Proved worthwhile for the money.  I was skeptical that it would work as intended because it was priced so low but I have had no issues with it and I an confident in its readings.  Nuff said.
 Thanks
 This works really well. I was surprised by the quality for the price. I used it to measure temperatures in my computer. Very happy.
 I love this, use it in my office when they try to turn down the AC for costs. I can show my co-workers it's really 85 degrees when the boss says its 75!
 Works Great!! I use it mainly for my Nitro Rc Car but im sure there are a lot more uses for it. Deff. recommend!!
 Using it in the kitchen to test grease temps when frying on the stove. Works great and keeps us from burning/smoking the frying oil.
 this is number 4.  Keep finding uses for these things.
 I had no idea how fun a IR thermometer would be until I got one. I wasted hours checking temps.
 Great piece of technology. I use this to check the temperature in most goods that are coming in from local food trucks.
 It is very good for the price
 Highly accurate. instant read out.
 Does its job
 This is great for making complex extracts!
 Accurate and still works. Has been awhile now.
 Great price. Works well. It does exactly what it is meant to do. Good purchase
 Nice product. I use it more than I thought I would. Like taking my dog's temperature by aiming it down her throat. Also battery IS included. Doesn't work as far away as I'd like because the temperature sensor beam is a lot bigger than the laser beam.
 I only wish its focal length was a little further away than one foot
 ;kin jo mj o]k, ono 
 Works VERY well. My daughter lives in brand new apartment complex. Even though they are the first tenant in the apartment the windows always have a draft. They are responsible for the heat bill so they were paying too much to heat the place. Management would always reply that the windows were fine. I gave her this and when pointed at certain areas on the window on cold days it was clear to see that air coming in at some areas was from 37 to 41 degrees. It was enough proof that they had to fix the issue for her. I used it to ensure my freezer was below 0 degrees just because I had it. I insulated my front door where it showed I had a major temperature change. I would not hesitate to recommend this. The dog loves chasing the red LED beam it emits so you know it is aimed exactly where you want it.Of course NEVER aim into pets eyes.
 I use this to check on the efficiency of our HVAC system from time to time. Kind of fun to play with too!
 i got this for my bearded dragons tank and i like it a lot so far, it takes relatively accurate tempt, why did i say accurate rather than exact? cause the human temp is around 98.6 and it measures the forehead around 94.5...so plus and minus 5F is not bad at all for the price of this unit. Keep in mind the ones at the hospital cost around 20 times more. So my beardies and I are happy campers of this unit. It was nicely packaged and fast arrival too, pretty much works as described. I like the lazer pointer as well as the LED light. I now am just pointing at random spots to take tempts lol...tempting to sit in my car at a corner and just pretent like i am a cop with the speed gun with a straight face LMAO....thank you Eteckcity...
 One of those "why didn't I have this sooner" products.  Throw away those temperature gauges that you stick in the oil - this is easy, affordable, and a keeper.
 Terrific tool. Accurate, easy to use, and reasonable price. Recommend for home and work use.
 Works as it should. Use it all of the time. Very useful when you have one, I even use it to check the temp of pans on the stobve.
 Great product, awesome price. Very easy to use. Would recommend this to anyone needing to test the temperature of air out of vents.
 I have no professional need for this, but it is a fun toy to play with.  Amazing technology for the price.
 works great
 Works well and quality seems decent given the low price.
 Works great
 The response time is longer than any of the others I've had. It takes quite some time before it finally rests when measuring cooler temps.
 good for the price
 I had to hide this from my husband. I bought it for cooking, he kept taking it to the garage. Easy to use, incredibly accurate, and apparently will entertain men for hours.
 I use to make peanut brittle makes job a lot easier to read  and fast
 The dual lasers add a heck of a lot of confidence in the reading. Accurate and makes for a great gift!
 I bought this for use on the grill to check food internal temps and has worked very well
 good product
 Great device, very handy.
 Works well and feels more durable than my last one.
 It has a terrible range but it works for what I need it to.
 great temperature gun
 It dose exactly what it is supposed to do.  Very useful in soap making, cooking, etc.
 For this price, you have to indulge in the kitchen novelty that is a temperature gun. I ran around for an hour pointing this thing in every which way. I now know the difference surface temperature between my dog and girlfriend's butts.
 Works great. I can't find anything wrong with this!
 Better than I expected .
 Awesome and accurate
 Great for checking the temperature of anything in Celsius or Fahrenheit. I use it to check my cars engine temp, shower water before stepping in, pet cats body temp, deep fryer temp, my herb vaporizer temp. Possibilities are endless. very reliable and accurate, have already recommended it to friends! forgot to mention, it reads higher than advertised, claims -50c to 350c but i was recording up to 500c before it maxed out! great product
 not super acurate, but it is consistent.
 Very accurate meter.  I finally got one of these and its amazing how handy it is to have around.  Tested water temperature from my water heater, room temperature, and vent temp for my HVAC.
 This thing is very easy to use but my mechanic brought his Flir thermal laser thermometer and mine was showing 20 degrees less that his. At least it's consistent so I add 20 degrees to its readout and it is fine. But that sort of deviation is not good.
 works
 easy to use
 Good product for the price.  I'm using to identify cold air leaks as winter approaches.  Temp reading seems to be accurate.  Very handy for hard to reach places.
 Great product
 I use it to check RV tire temperatures during rest breaks.
 Happy with purchase
 Seems to function fine and our dog loves chasing the laser. Lol
 Love it
 Broke after only one week of very infrequent use.
 My husband uses it for work and it doubles as a laser cat toy!
 This came a day early and it works great! I’ve been playing around with it and it seems pretty accurate!
 Perfect for checking my truck &amp; RV tires when traveling. Using it for other things is a real bonus!
 works great
 Use for EVERYTHING! Pizza oven, wood burning stove, measure temp of virtually anything that produces IR.
 Great product; easy to use and seems to work well.  The laser target can be turned on or off, and it has a nice rubbery coat which makes it feel nice in the hand.
 It's fun to play with but not nearly as accurate as I had hoped.
 Works well. and on Amazon hot deals great price.
 This item is small.  I have big hands for a female.<br/>I will be using it tonight when I make soap.
 Sweet little temp gun! I use this for my R/C hobbies as well as for measuring brake temps during track days. Accurate and easy to use.
 Nice tool for the price!
 very acurate. I use it for my aquarium to check the temp.
 A very good product
 Convenient gadget in the house and kitchen.
 Works great for the price, used it to measure heat on a titanium nail. Does not work with quartz bangers.
 Loved it. Works as expected. Will measure surface temperature of anything solid.
 use it for everything needing fast temp reading.
 Just point and cick.
 works great to keep the oil at the right temperature.
 Just used this to measure the temperature of my pool.  Seems to work pretty well...just aim and shoot.  You can see the "laser" hit the bottom of the pool and check display to see temperature.  The little "gun" is solid and seems to be extremely well-built...just keep it away from the kids because it is a cool little device.  Make sure you connect the battery...mine was not.  Of course, if I had read the directions I would have known this.  I was sick of the floating thermometers always breaking and giving inaccurate readings...I hope this device (which I will be able to use for other purposes) will hold up much better.  The cost of this device is comparable to those cheap plastic thermometers...so give this a "shot".
 real cool reading!
 Works great.
 You know you want one.
 I needed to check the temperature of my catalytic converter to see if it is working properly. I was going to go to Harbor Freight to buy one of these for $35. I decided to look on here and found this one. It took a little time to get it but I was ok with that. It came rather quickly and was packaged nicely. I can't believe the quality of this thing for the price. It has a nice soft rubber texture and the color of the display is very nice. I soon knew the temperature of everything in sight. The sidewalk in Arizona in the Summer is around 145 in case you were curious. I've since found all kind of uses for this thing. I checked the walls for poor insulation points. I've used it on my truck to check the tire temps. I could go on and on. I can't beleive I've lived this long without one!
 Can't ask for more for this price. Accurate within 1-2 degrees. Has a hard time accurately reading shiney rounded surfaces though.
 Great product and price! Bought as a gift.
 Easy to use plus both the cat and dog love the laser dot. lol
 For a homeowner it's good, but a tradesman - there are better products out there.
 works great
 Outstanding price and works great!  Bought mainly to keep track of the gas levels in our propane tanks on the RV and, now, no more guessing with what's remaining.
 Pretty accurate, however the first one i got was off by like 30 degrees F, then a month later was accurate.
 Works well!
 Use it to monitor the hoof temperature of one of my horses.  Works great on laser contact for exterior temp.  Only wish it had some way to monitor interior temp too.
 A very good, inexpensive, and rather surprisingly accurate NC InfraThermo for reference lab work, field use or around the home.  First impressions: average build, plastic with a non-slip finish and tool free battery (9v) access, don't expect this to be IP54 water or dust proof item but its "wipe-down" and seems fairly durable.  It could have a little more "heft" to it but has been thrown in bottom of tool bag and knocked around my truck for a few weeks with no issues. Trigger activated Fahrenheit / Celsius by a tenth of a degree, back light is bright and switchable, LCD is about 1" x 1", the digits about half of that, my 45 year old eyes had no problems reading it at arms length; laser point is strong and switchable as well.  Surprisingly, when I compared it to our certified, fixed NC thermo - it was within +/- .3 degrees at 12 inches. I'm impressed.  My only complaints, the selection buttons are small and might be an issue with gloves and there needs to be a wrist loop or lanyard attachment.  Time will tell on the durability but overall I'm beyond happy with it.
 Works good
 works well
 On time easy to use and accurate
 Most electronics do not include a battery.  This puppy did!
 great product
 not a bad budget model, has some accuracy issues.
 I use it to check the temp of my bowl for low temp hits. The laser is about an inch off from the sensor itself so it takes some getting used to.
 This is a great infrared temperature gun. I am buying two more to give as Christmas gifts. The price is excellent and I have had no problems with this temperature gun.
 This is a great invention.  So easy to use and so far has produced what appears to be very accurate readings.  I primarily use for cooking.
 good
 Works perfectly.
 Good quality for the price. I don't use it a lot but it seems to work fine.
 -Great price<br/>-Ergonomic design<br/>-Easy to read display<br/><br/>Overall, a great tool to have around
 Great product.
 A great in expensive surprise for my chef friend.  This allows you to get the exact temperature of a meat with a click of button!  Her husband loved it to check for cold spots on the walls of their 1920's home.
 Seems to give accurate measurements. I have compared it to other infrared compasses. Very well pleased with it.
 Good product
 It is what I expected it to be and at a really good price. It seems to work just fine.
 For the price perfect
 Works great.
 Very accurate and great price! Works perfect every time and has all necessary features. Build quality is excellent!
 Works just great.my wife just loves it in the kitchen.
 works good use for BBQ and other things under the hood.
 This works brilliantly. Highly recommended.
 Works Great !!!!
 Over 6 months with the initial battery and going strong. Dot is accurate without much bleed. Also cool to know that my cat runs at 87 degrees.
 Easy to use, and, I assume, accurate.  Sure reads fast.
 Works great ! Cat loves it too !
 Good
 This works well and a good back up to check temperature of hot rocks for massage coming out of water bath.
 You could probably buy one of these that is slightly more accurate if you wanted to spend a hundred dollars or mor, but for the price, this is perfect and fun to use. A perfect any occasion gift<br/> for my friends and family.
 For the price, you can't go wrong.  It well made and does that job.  With it being so cheap, I don't worry about losing it or breaking it.  But so far, I would recommend it.
 Pretty cool. Works great. Cheapest one I found around.
 Works well for many uses! I use it all the time.
 Makes measuring temperatures during soapmaking super easy
 I cant' tell you why I bought this, but I can tell you my cat's head is around 102 F.
 Excellent for the price, works well.
 Great little temperature guage at a good price reads quick and can use at distances.
 Got this for my husband for Christmas. Works right out of the package, and is simple to use.
 Great to have in the kitchen and while grilling..
 perfect
 Works great, clear across the room.
 works perfectly
 Seems to be pretty accurate.  I like it.
 works as described
 Great product for the price. Used this to test my new split system HVAC unit that was giving me some issues.
 The other inexpensive infrared thermometers I've used haven't had a laser pointer to tell me exactly which point is being sampled and, even though this item is big, I've had it for about three months and it's worked very reliably every time. Super happy with this purchase.
 Great product
 Work fine, nice gift
 Absolute must-have for making soap. Works wonderfully and love the backlighting when working in a darkened space.
 Gets the job done and the temperature readings are accurate !!! Great product for the price.
 I don't know if it just like the one that Alton Brown uses but works great!  I use it to check the temperature of cooking oil.
 I am in love with the ease of using this thermometer while I a soaping.  It has enriched my soaping life.  Get one if you are a soaper.  You will love it! Keep it away from 8 year old boys.  They think they have measure the temperature of everything with it.
 received today and it looks ok so far and at least it works now  not sure how long it will last when i need it , time will tell . feels sturdy enough for what i need around the home and workshop
 Easy to use, reasonably accurate and the illuminated display is an absolute must have feature.
 Good quality product
 Works well.
 Seems pretty accurate for a meat thermometer.
 Great little thermometer, and the cats love the laser. Double the fun.
 comes in handy
 Works great...Use it for cooking, grilling and just about anything I need a temp. reading on....
 Very good I recommend it
 Fast shipping and quality product. Works great!
 I purchased this before but lost it. So this is my second one and it does what it is intended. Point take temp and done. Simple and easy to use.
 Works and seems to be pretty accurate.  I would recommend.
 Not really, I just bought this to get the temperature of water for brewing tea. But if it's good enough for Gale Boetticher it's good enough for me
 Excellent product, is as advertised and worked right away out of the box, no issues at all.
 Love this thing.
 no issues works well
 I purchased this to test a catalytic converter on my car. Works great ! Saved me from replacing it.<br/>I measured several items on the engine and outside and temperatures appear accurate.
 love this product....love taking temp of my cooking casseroles, or a/c etc...come in handy!
 Very nice thermogun ,it is definitely value over its price !
 It works great . I use it a lot now , was surprised how good it works. Great for auto repairs and BBQ ( Real Grill Temps). Priced right also.
 I use this for cooking and for measuring the temperature of anything I want.  Lasers are awesome and this is no exception.
 Everything was as expected, will do business with them again
 Works extremely well.  Highly recommend.
 This little fella can detect very faint differences temperature across such a variety of surfaces, it's difficult to imagine what this can't do. You're just a "point, shoot and hold" moment away from getting the answer on your own!<br/><br/>Thus far, I've used it to check leaky windows, missing insulation and places where more attention needs to be paid to snug-up my flat and close then find any leaks. I've also used it recently to check subtle changes in my granny's swollen ankles, as my GP told me to do (but without this particular little gadget; that was my own idea!)<br/><br/>I'm not sure WHY it had never occurred to anyone else but it works like a charm! No need to consult with half the family to see if they "notice it too?"
 Works well
 Either I haven't mastered working this or it just isn't very consistent.  I don't find that I am getting an accurate reading.  I just kind of gave up on it.
 Fast reading - accurate. Great for Grilling , BBQ, and measuring the heat of surfaces.
 Bought it for ha ha's but like it works great !
 It reads about 5 degrees lower than what is correct. Otherwise, it works fast and easily.
 I got this for kicks because I'm planning on visiting Yellowstone and Yosemite again this year. Last time I was there, I was talking to some rangers measuring the temperatures of the geothermal pools and geysers and I thought I'd do the same. While I haven't gone on my trip yet, I have enjoyed having this around. At first I didn't see any real use for it but I started checking it against my aquarium tanks (which have mercury thermometers in there so I know exactly what temp they are) and it was pretty accurate! +/- 1 degree F but good enough if you don't have super delicate animals. It's fun to be sitting on my couch and know if my animals are happy.<br/><br/>I also used it to make mead. When you pitch your yeast, you don't want it to be too hot (you'll fry the yeast off) or too cold (fermentation will take a day or two to start and take longer). I just laser-ed my must and adjusted the temp until it was nicely in my target range.  If the batch turns out well, then I'll keep using it for that.<br/><br/>Do you need this? Not at all. Is it a fun grown up toy? Absolutely.
 Works good.
 Works great. I'm not sure if more expensive ones are better but this cheap-ie works great.
 Operates as expected.
 Great
 nice product
 when you really  need to know how hot something is this is your "go to" tool
 Finally a great product and good price!
 Using this for my soap making. LOVE it
 Works as described, and seems to work just as well as the more expensive ones. I would definitely recommend.
 So far so good.
 We have measured the temprature of a lot of things, and it always seems right on. I use it when I cook often and have seen marked improvement in me not over cooking as much :) I can't wait to use it to make candy!
 I really like the ease of use. Temperature seems to be pretty close to accurate
 works perfectly and is easy to use.
 I use it when I make aquarium water changes.  Easy now and the fish are not disturbed by temperature changes.
 I have to say I left it the 1st day on my job sigh never to be seen (by me) againt. But for a few hours it was PERFECT!!!
 it works and it's inexpensive.
 Just the laser alone is great for a cat toy (my cats love it) But I have used it for cooking temps and even used this to see how hot my hands are and it works under both extremes. REally great and functional item at good price. It arrived on time and as advertised. would do busness again with this seller if more product were needed. thanks
 Works great purchased for fireplace/wood-burning stove to see the temperatures around
 works well
 good product
 It does the thing for the price.
 I ordered this and another Laser Digital Infrared Thermometer Temperature Gun Non-contact devices and a “certified scientific bulb thermometer +-1degree F accuracy” from Amazon.  I planned to use the Guns to measure the temperature of a swimming pool.<br/><br/>As a test, I placed the bulb thermometer on different surfaces and waited 1 hour to measure the temperature.  I then used the “guns” to check the temperature of the surfaces. On a dining room - table 67.3 F on the bulb 72.4 F on one gun and 71.8 F on the other.  On a refrigerator shelf – (39 bulb F, 44.4 F on one gun and 43.6 F on the other) one gun was 4.5 degrees F higher on average, and the other was 3.2 degrees F higher than the bulb thermometer.<br/><br/>Next I tired boiling water in an electric pot, bulb 199 degrees F on the bulb, one gun187.3 F other 188.2 F.<br/><br/>Also the instructions for both guns said that the “accurate temperature measuring distance was 11” – 14”, so when I was using them to measure the temperature of the pool, any accuracy in the gun would be lost by measuring standing up and pointing it at the pool.<br/><br/>With these results from the Digital Infrared Thermometer Guns, using two floating pool thermometers and averaging the reading would be more accurate.<br/><br/>The guns might work for determining if one surface is at a different temperature from another if the accuracy of the temperature is not important.
 works fine, great price
 i cook all the time in the kitchen, on the grill, etc...  sometimes getting the exact temp right for various foods is pretty hard to do especially when you have to be as exact as possible.  well i seen this and thought i would give it a shot. the packaging was great, instructions were spot on..  so i took it out of the package and i immediately noticed that it fit perfevtly comfortable in my hand..  (and by the way my fave colors are black &amp; yellow so that's a plus) i put a pot of peanut oil on the stove and heated it up to 325 degrres as the recipe i was using stated to.  pulled this thing out  pushed one button and viola!  it worked great and what i cooked came out picture perfect. i use this thing on everything now  grill, oven, cooktop, etc...
 I got it today. So far so good. Hoping it will last long.
 Good quality with reasonable price.
 Definitely a great tool and it's very accurate too!
 Incredible and unbelievable!  Works perfectly!
 Used to find cold spots in house and temp of wood stove. Worked great. Accurate.  Good tool for the money.
 Good quality. Works great.
 If you can pull a trigger you can use this device! I popped the batteries in, and pulled the trigger.... ready to go! So simple, and I keep it in my purse to take the temp of my food when I dine out. Im tired of getting cold food, so now I have something to show me what the temp really is! Great product-
 Great Product and price
 for rough measuring it is very good.<br/>if you do not search for 1 or 2 degrees you are good with that
 This is a second purchase for a friend. I use mine all the time especially when grilling. It DOES NOT give you internal temperatures of meat but gives you a more accurate measurement of the environment inside a covered grill. I have a two burner and a five burner gas grill and I am able to control the temperature to within a few degrees, probably more accurately than an in-house oven. This means I can roast any size joint with accuracy (confirmed by a quick read thermometer). Timing is no longer an issue, which is a useful extra tool in getting food to the table. I might add that in the summer I am probably cooking out at least 12 times per week.<br/><br/>The first one of these I used was in industry and cost well over $500. Oh how the cost of technology falls.
 you get what you pay for cheep but works
 Accurate enough (within 1 degree) when pointed right at the house thermostat.  Makes you want to take the temperature of everything.  Great for grilling.
 THIS THING WORKS AS EXPECTED...CANT BELIEVE IT WORKS THIS GOOD AT THIS PRICE POINT!!
 Use these in my classroom for science lessons. Work great and the students love them!
 Fun tool to have around the house.  I use it to measure the grill temperature when cooking steaks.
 A cool new toy for the BBQ chef.
 works great
 Works as advertised. Handy to take around your home to find areas that need insulation.
 it was nice the handle is not easy to slip... its like rubber not really "plastic thing." Although the casing doesn't come with it but its worth buying for. thank you.
 Works great, very easy to understand
 pretty good but not so accurate
 Great product
 A great way to check beverage temp, oven temp or air conditioning vent temps- to make sure it's working.
 It works well. Seems to be of good quality.
 UNREAL! such an amazing deal!!!
 Got this for my reptile enclosures and couldn't be more happy.  First temp gun I have owned and very pleased.
 good quality and performance
 Purchased this for soap-making. Clean and simple to use at a reasonable price. I think it was a smart purchase. Very happy!
 great product
 Good price and works just fine.
 Always wanted one...this one was affordable!
 I have always had a hard time making pancakes and it's because I could never keep the temperature right.  I got the Etekcity Temperature Gun and made the best pancakes ever.  Great product, easy to use and seems very accurate.
 Works great, good product.
 Works perfectly. Now if only I could find a practical use for it to justify buying (I don't work in the repair/maintenance industry).
 Pretty cool little gadget for measuring surface temperature non-contact.<br/>Easy to use, easy to read and the dog thinks the laser targeting is cool.
 laser is way off and temp seems inconsistant
 Works great, I use to monitor our AC vent temperature
 Worked well for an Albedo lab for students.
 works great
 it is off by about 7 degrees but if u just want to use it for  just finding hot and old spots it is fine but keep in mind NOT ACCURATE.
 very hard to use on small things like soldering iron tips.
 Good laser thermometer. Easy to use. Instructions, instructions easy to understand. Arrived early and in great condition..
 Works as expected.
 Great product works as well as a pricey one. I bought this as a temporary  until my fluke was getting repaired.  It's pretty accurate within +/- 10% not bad.
 great product
 Nice unit. Double IR dots make for precise measurement.
 I've been wanting one of these for a long time but they have been way too expensive.  I use this for a lot of things,  like checking temp in BBQ, motor temp, stove/oven temps,  food temps, soups bakes potatoes, etc. Price is great.
 This thing is great. I've been using it to find where drafts are coming from in the house. It's very well made, and feels sturdy in my hand.
 Perfect for my needs.  Shows temperature quickly and accurately.  Definitely worth it
 Limited accuracy on the reading.  It's close enough for most uses.  Easy to read display.
 Accurate and lots of fun to use. Came with a battery even.
 Works as advertised
 Works great for checking cooking oil temps. Checked reading against two standard thermometers and was real close.
 This digital thermometer is so easy to use while cooking.  It's very easy to operate and seems to be of very good quality.
 very good
 Worked as advertised , seemed fairly accurate, would recommend to others.
 Accurate, and tiny. It's my back up. You never know!
 Just what I needed
 works beautifully.
 I really love the ability to check the temperature throughout a room it makes it easy to find out where there are drafts in the room when getting ready for winter
 We own two of these.  I have one for the kitchen to check the temperature of pans on the stove, oven temperature as well as making sure broth is under 190 degress F for gravy.<br/><br/>The other lasergrip is kept in my husband's toolbox that he uses for the racetrack.  He uses the grip to check the temperature of his motorcycle tires to ensure that they are warm before he gets on the track.<br/><br/>I also used it the other day when our air conditioner was on the fritz.  We have 10 foot ceilings and I grabbed the grip and pointed it at the vent on the shelf. It was at an accurate 55 degrees. Wonderful tool! We didn't have to grab a ladder to check the temp! All I did was point and click!<br/><br/>Highly recommend!
 Love this digital thermometer. I actually use it on my boat to get water temp.
 Seems to be a fairly accurate device. Very pleased with it.
 Works great.. very accurate and the backlighting is nice to. price was wonderful also.
 pretty cool little gadget. not to sure on how accurate but fun to play with regardless.
 This is a wonderful item, lives in the kitchen very close at hand. Ever wonder if your grill is hot enough for pancakes, problem solved. How hot is that soup that you don't want to boil, problem solved, instantly. I could go on, but I think you should get the idea by now.
 good value
 Great item.  Works as advertised and lots of fun to work with.
 I don't think this is very accurate at all.
 addicted to this thing for indoor and outdoor cooking temp check.
 Perfect for soap making. Quick and accurate readings every time and reasonably priced.
 Great produce helps me to make great eggs and pancakes. The back lit light is a plus.
 Easy to use with very accurate temperature readings. Lightweight and ergonomic. 5 out of 5 stars.
 haven't used much yet, seems to work right
 Works as advertised, I used this to find cold and hot spots in the house during summer so that I can turn off some AC vents in places that are already cold and let more AIR in places where it gets hot.
 Fun toy. Not sure how accurate it really is.
 Does exactly what I need it to do read surface Temps so I can make sure my reptiles have the right tempurature
 Exactly what I wanted. Great tool to have if you cook on cast iron cookware.
 Great buy I use it all the time
 Works great!
 This was cheap (an important thing), and functions just like much more expensive models, except that it doesn't have as many function buttons (but it is a LOT cheaper), perfect for use around the house, like seeing how hot a pan is, or if you have cold spots around the seams of your doors and windows, or, in my case, if you have a vapor leak in your floor. I suppose, if you were so inclined, you could use this for paranormal investigations, no clue why you would want to... but you could. You can also mess with your pets, not saying I did, but she did try and climb a wall while I was looking for the vapor leak. If you need one with more functions, or greater accuracy, get a more expensive model, if you need it for around the house, this one seems perfect, if you want to do ghost busting... knock yourself out and buy this one, who needs all the bells and whistles, this one will make you look just as nerdy as the rest of your team.
 Just Awesome is all I can say. Great item great seller.
 No more questioning whether a steak is cooked rare, medium, burned -
 Excellent product at a great price. Very well constructed, accurate. Half the price of those offered locally. Recommended.
 Very Accurate.  Etekcity products work exceptionally well, especially considering their low price.  This thermometer is remarkably accurate.  I've checked it against four other analog and digital units and it is spot on.
 it works well I use it to measure the temperature when cooking delicious sugar cookies to make sure i get them at the most delicious temperature in my mouth which seems to be around 255 farenhight
 Works great.  Very accurate.  Can use with or without the laser on.
 Seems ok for the price.  I do think the temperature may be off a little but will work well enough for what I want to use it for.  Just point and shoot.
 Amazing,I can sit in my chair and get the temp on my fish tanks from across the room.So simple to use.
 This is perfect!  Gives you temps on all your food very quickly.  Every restaurant should have at least one!
 This product was exactly as advertised.
 ive tested it with other people who have similar ones, and this one is off by 5 - 7 degrees from theirs
 works well
 works good
 It works, point and shoot, tells the temperature.  I haven't had a chance to verify it, but it doesn't need to be too accurate for our needs.
 Works as advertised.  Great for spot checking temps all over the house.  Even useful checking the steaks on the grill!
 It worked for about 2 hours, I got a return slip but never sent it back, not sure why, guess it just wasn't worth my time and trouble.
 For the price it's hard to beat.  I paid $16.  It is down to $11 now???  Wow.  Checked it against my $60 IR thermometer.  It's within 2% is my best guess.  Perfect quality for use in the kitchen.  And with the bright safety orange/yellow you will not lose it in the clutter.
 Incredibly useful tool to have.  Way to cheap to not own one.
 Great
 I have 15-20 of these and they work grate with the kids we have in class thank
 works perfectly. easy to read and well lit display. holds well in your hand . I am glad i went with this one.
 Bought one to use at work ( HVAC Mechanic) and couldn't use it because PM  Mechanic liked it better than the one he had. Bought me one for myself.
 I ordered this to measure the temperature of my heating and cooling ducts.  Works great.
 Great gun for the price and makes testing ac return flow temps quick and easy.
 ok
 Works perfect. I accidentally dropped it in a water dish and after drying out it worked just as before.
 Works great, better than a plunge thermometer.  Very quick and easy to use.  Highly recommended.
 Inexpensive and pretty cool.  I check the temp of my food, beer, and coffee.
 Works great, many uses!
 Easy controls, great backlit display, fantastic price.
 Good
 reads temps pretty on the dot....
 Works great for checking the temperature on my Heat press.
 still working after 5 years with accurate reading
 Works great
 Very cool point-and-shoot tool allowing you to check the efficiency of your HVAC.
 It comes with batteries! ;)
 The size is perfect and this is very accurate.<br/>I couldn't be happier with this measuring tool.
 great for troubleshooting
 works great
 Works great
 Great product, seems accurate enough.
 works good, fit and finish is nice, feels like a quality unit
 Very useful and easy to use.  Well worth the money.
 Got it for my dad for Christmas. We had fun seeing the temperature of each other's open mouth. Hopefully it will be helpful in cooking.
 Fun tool not always the most accurate way of taking temps you have to take some things into account more then just point and click for 100 percent accuracy
 Used twice, just went to use it again, does not work.
 very useful well built and accurate buying another for work
 WE use this for screen repair for samsung phone in our shop, bought another one for temperature for my baby's milk and also bath. Great for baking too. We use it quite frequent and is still working.
 Cheap, easy to use, accurate, and durable.  A good buy especially for chocolate and sugar work.  I use it often at home, work, and at school, people often think this item costs $80 or more.
 Great thermal gun for the price, seems pretty consistent and accurate
 My husband and the cats have fun with this item. Great little two in one tool!! Great price also.  J. Goble
 fun to play with...my new toy.  Works great
 Not very acurate
 works well!
 Works good, seems accurate
 Seems to work but not certain it's measuring the internal temp
 Amazing product!  Simply nice to own for curiosity!
 Great value.
 Awesome and cheap!
 For the money this is a great import item for the general public. I did have a refrigation man look at this item and he could not see any difference between his tester and mine. This is great hunters and fishermen to make sure that keep their meat on ice
 Bought this to make sure my salt block was at the right temperature. Now I find myself using it for more and more of my other cooking. For the price this is a kitchen tool for the average home cook. No need to spend more for a professional model.
 My husband is obsessed with this. There is no more to say. :)
 Stop the waste, find out about your energy leaks. A must for serious homeowners who do not like to have holes in their pockets.
 Works fine. Seems accurate. I just use it around the house.
 great product use it everyday, would purchase it again, great for checking woodstove pipe to check temp or many other uses
 Useful item. Happy with quality and price.
 I purchased this for my husband to use for grilling. I have found I can use it to make sure the water temp is what I need it to be when baking bread! Measures and displays temps very fast!
 The cost and the utility of this temp gun can't be beat.  I know precisely the temp of my cooking surfaces and food.  The end products of my cooking have improved dramatically with this one tool.
 I've been taking the temperature reading of everything in my house all day. Absolutely love it.
 We use it to settle whether food is too hot or not.  Its accurate within a degree or two.
 Works great.
 Used this thermometer to monitor the temperature for a bearded dragon. I wanted something that an eight year old could use on his own. This was perfect and did the job.
 Perfect for tempering chocolate. Reliable and pretty darn accurate so far! But it should be known that it only measures surface temperature. I wouldn't use it for gauging steak temperatures or anything, though.
 YES THIS IS THE GREATEST THING EVER!
 I got this for fun. It works great. Not only is it fun, but it doubles as a cat toy with it's laser pointer.
 Cool.  Does job.  can also play with your pets with the laser.
 I would buy it again
 I needed a thermometer for soap making so I can male sure my oils and kye mixture are near the same temp. This is perfect. So glad I found it.
 Not sure how it works, but it is very accurate and a good deal for the price.
 I purchased this to test the temperature of my heat press.  It is very easy to use and works fast.
 GREAT
 This does exactly what I need it to do. Measure temps without a mess. Has a laser off feature that I also like.
 Lost our original one, so this is a replacement. Doesn't feel as nice as our original, but it is quite a bit cheaper in price.
 works great.  use it on everything
 Great. Accurate. Professional grade reads higher than most thermometers
 Seems to work well. Great for the price. Is pretty close to older analog thermometer I used to measure accuracy.
 Absolutely love this and use it daily!
 This is a very accurate temperature reader.  We use it to read our babies bath water and it does great!
 Use it everyday to check skillet temperature. Very precise.
 Product was bought to check temperatures in a malfunctioning refrigerator.  Works as advertised but make sure to set emissivity correctly for the surface temperature that you are measuring.  Temperature will vary greatly if not set correctly.
 This is a cool little instrument at a low price. You will not go wrong for the price.
 Works great with my soaping liquids.
 A1
 Well made. Cheap$$ but does its job. Many uses being a mechanic.
 works great especially for the price
 works good its in with of 1decre of my snapon
 Cats and dogs love chasing laser.  Trigger is easy on finger compared to other laser toys.  Thermometer is awesome.
 Works well and accurate. Also works great for playing with the cats and dog with the laser pointer.
 Cheap, easy to use.  I used it for setting the thermostat on my truck, no issues.
 I had no practical need for this, but it was fun to have.. and somehow turned it into a great drinking game! quality and fun!
 Works a stated! Great price what a bargian!
 I use this to cook on my griddle and it does the job well. It's small and simple- very intuitive
 Fun gadget
 great for checking temperature of rooms, areas of rooms, meat on a grill, etc.
 This product is junk. Upon arrival and battery installation it would not even turn on.
 Love to use this making soap!<br/><br/>My Dad uses it to check the temperatures on the bearings on our baler!
 I bought this for my husband.  He has had a lot of fun using and testing it to make sure it is working properly.  It works as promised and can't be beat for the price.
 On point. Great weight. Came as described
 Works great. Good value.
 Excellent with good quality , works good
 Not sure how accurate it is especially over any distance.
 Really great product and works wonderfully
