 I feel like every review should've opened with "THIS THING SCREECHES". Would've been good to know. I thought "the timer will sound" meant a pleasant little ding or chime or I would've even been okay with a short elephant trumpet, but instead this tiny but mighty cooker will put out a continuous, shrill, miniature SIREN. What is it Lassie!?!? Is it the world's smallest hurricane flood warning? Are the tornadoes coming!? Is there a fire!??<br/><br/>No it's your eggs, they're cooked, because some designing genius thought, you know what folks want to hear as they rouse gently from slumber and prepare their breakfast in the lazy morning? A shrill-af non-stop siren that'll raise your cortisol and maybe gnaw a bit into your mental health. If growing up you ever dashed to open the Microwave before it hit 0, just to spare yourself and your roommates the alarm from that loud microwave beep, boy is this the adult version for you.<br/><br/>I'm honestly surprised not more people have remarked on this. Everyone is like oh good eggs! Perfect poach! Mm eggs! Gee yea the eggs taste good when going down with my heart medication bc that bugger shriek still makes my breath catch. I live in dread of it now. But I also want eggs.<br/><br/>And I guess this does make eggs. It's $20. It's a fun size that fits well on the counter. The poached eggs not gonna lie come out a bit ...ugly looking, but I just want eggs. Softboiled delivers as promised. The lines seem pretty accurate, I've found when I go above or under them, the cook does vary appropriately (under/over).<br/><br/>So I'll keep it for now until I'm rich enough to afford a better one and also therapy for the siren that haunts my dreams.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-RMG67GBY18LBN"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91cS1-UyY2S.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91B2l80zQtS.png"/> This definitely cooks eggs to absolute perfection. And it doesn't take long at all! I've never been able to master the medium boiled egg, and with this, I'll never have to learn! Love this device!<br/><br/>The ONLY problem is the "alert" that the eggs are done sounds like an all out nuclear-air strike alarm, or at the very least, my fire alarm. I nearly shat my pants each time my eggs are done. I'll likely keep it because the eggs are so perfect, but just be aware of the banshee that gets released each time eggs are fully cooked.
 This was absolutely the most trifling thing I've ever purchased. I bought it because I have a turtle who eats boiled eggs kind of in bulk. I decided to test drive it on myself and make some poached eggs.<br/>---Oh my Lord Baby Jesus.---<br/> There has never been anything so repulsive created within the four walls of my kitchen. I followed the directions to a capital T, but the "poached" eggs this thing produced were mostly clear, watery, and straight up insulting. They went right from the device to the garbage disposal. I wouldn't eat those eggs with YOUR mouth. DEE-SCUST-ING. Never again. Not even for the turtle.
 If you are on the fence about getting one of these, GET ONE.  It really is as easy as it sounds to have a perfectly cooked egg, no guesswork.  If you're particular about egg yolks like me and like them soft but not runny or raw, I've attached an image of a perfectly soft boiled egg that was cooked as directed (I timed it, this one was 11mins. You don't have to time it at all as the buzzer will go off, just for reference).  Just have an ice bath ready next to the cooker and let the eggs sit for a minute or two in there...peels come right off :)  Makes healthy eating a breeze in the morning!  Where has this been all my life!??!?
 I do not understand all the positive reviews, my experience could not be more opposite. I followed the cooking instructions to the letter, and I was left with soggy uncooked egg underneath a layer of cooked egg. I tried several times, and all results were the same. A complete failure. And the buzzer/alarm is every bit as obnoxiously loud that has been described in most reviews both positive &amp; negative.
 This mom's new go to appliance.<br/>I make bento lunches for my son, and his favorite is hard-boiled eggs!<br/>I toss six eggs in with less than a 1/4 cup of water and 14 minutes later the unit shuts off by itself and I come back and easily peel the eggs. (I mean the shells slide off!!)<br/>I no longer have to wait for water to boil or watch and wait to turn off the stove.<br/>The eggs cook while the kids are in the tub and voilà lunch/breakfast is ready for the next morning. And I'm guessing if I forget or run behind I could have these ready while he get dressed for school in the morning!<br/>Custom omelette's in a hurry is my next adventure!<br/>And did I mention how tiny and cute it is? Perfect for a kitchen with limited counterspace! See the picture for size comparison next to a one cup measure!
 Use this all the time and it works great!  My husband thought I was wasting my money and now he is hooked on using it also.  It is so easy to use: 1. You just pierce the eggs with the special point that is on the bottom of the water measuring cup. 2 Put the eggs in the special egg holder with  handle that makes it easy to remove. 3. Add the water from the special measuring cup that is marked showing soft, medium and hard boiled. 4 plug it it in and in about 12-15 minutes the alarm goes off so you know they are done.  A tip to be aware of is do NOT lock the cover when cooking or it will not go on, also the metal plate is super easy to clean just wipe it with a vinegar water solution.  Once the alarm goes off, take off the cover be careful as there is a bit of steam, I just place them in a bowl of water using the handle to cool off while I  get ready for work.  I do not know why but the eggs seem to slide out of their shells when peeling using this machine.<br/>  It also comes with another accessory to make mini omelets or steamed veggies which I have not used yet, but plan too.  One last thing you will get a recipe book for ideas to try  also.  I love this!
 The idea of having a "set it and forget it" device which will produce a hard boiled egg with the same consistency each time is a great idea. However, this product is far from that idea. I have cooked several eggs on it, in the hopes it would magically get better but it doesn't. I have cooked over two dozen eggs at different levels and they are very inconsistent. For example this morning I put in two eggs and enough water for hard boiled. One egg was done perfectly while the second had a liquid center. I have tried the other two settings, medium and soft, multiple times and you get an egg that has a middle so soft you need a straw to eat it. To bad because I really wanted this to work out. Oh well, off I go looking for the next idea!
 The advertising stated  something like " cook eggs faster that the time it takes to boil water.  By the time I pierced all the eggs, placed them in the cooker and added water, it took about 19 minutes.  Not impressive.  When peeling the eggs, half of them came apart and stuck to the shell leaving the bottoms all torn up.  Not a pretty sight for deviled eggs.  Was just totally disappointed with this product and returned it after only one use.
 No need to prick the egg? Try again. All egg steamers on the market either "require" (how are they going to force us, stomp into our kitchens and scowl?) or "suggest" that we prick each egg with a needle prior to cooking to avoid explosion, all units except for the Chef's Choice Egg Cooker. This unit is marketed with the claim that you should prick or pierce the egg and I decided to test that claim for this and two other machines.<br/><br/>I purchased the Chef's Choice Egg Cooker and compared it to the machines of two friends. One bought the Dash-Go (she paid $20) and one has the $60 Cuisinart. Basically, they are all exactly the same, operating on the same principle of filling a base with water and steaming the eggs in order to cook them. Where the difference lies is in the controls and in the "prettiness" of the counter-space sapping device. While the Cuisinart could do more eggs at once, it didn't cook them as well when we did more so we found that six or seven was as many as we would do in that machine so we were back to each machine cooking the same number of eggs and, once again, that issue of pricking the eggs was our greatest concern.<br/><br/>And so we tested, six eggs in each, several times. We tried a batch of unpricked in each machine and one or two cracked and cooked outside the shell in each unit.for each of two tests. We then pricked the eggs, using a sewing needle (because the little needle cups they send out with some units get lost so easily that they may as well not even send them) and, low and behold, all batches in each machine came out perfect, that is to say, un-cracked and cooked identically.<br/><br/>While on the Cuisinart the flaw was evenness when doing more eggs, with the Chef's Choice, the flaw was the control lever. The instructions on the side of the unit, the timing and selection on that control lever, seemed more of a suggestion than actual instruction. The eggs never seem to come out exactly as the label would suggest and, at least on the machine we tested, the unit had to be set higher in order to cook to the lower level. The Dash-Go was simple and easy to use, cheap in appearance and price, and did the job equally as well.<br/><br/>I won't tell you not to get the Chef's Choice or the Cuisinart, if you are in love with the visual design of one or the other (as how a thing looks on your counter can often ruin your day, if it is cheap or the wrong color). However, if you are not desperate to have the exact stainless look of the Chef's choice or the tall egg shape of the Cuisinart sitting on your counter, I strongly suggest that you consider other cheap models first, starting with the Dash Go. The stainless is just a waste of money if you are purchasing it for anything other than appearance.<br/><br/>As to the one distinguishing characteristic of the Dash Go that makes it the best, in my opinion, the handle on the Chef's Choice unit is only on one side which can (and does) lead to attempts at lifting followed by immediate dropping. The handles, that's right, there are two, on the Cuisinart, are positioned too close to the base of the lid which leads to steaming of your hands as you open the unit. I found this uncomfortable. The handle. and we're back to one, on the Dash Go is a knob on the top of the dome. All you have to do is lift it off and the handle you are using to do that lifting is as far away from the outflow of steam (coming out from around the rim when you open the unit) as it can possibly be on one of these units. You could even tie a string around it if you wanted and lift it off from even farther away, as it is a shaped knob with a thinner portion below a larger, door-knob portion, allowing for a string if a string be what you need. I found that the knob on the top was adequate to protect my hands from the steam, all by itself.<br/><br/>Also, as with all units you should use distilled water, as the bases, like a tea kettle, will become covered in calcium within a few months which is very, very, un-pretty.
 I've had this cooker about a month and I have used it several times every week.<br/><br/>Hard/Medium boil: -  The marking for hard boil on the cup resulted in eggs that had a slightly squishy yolk in the center which is no good for deviled eggs so I fill the water cup almost all the way to the top so it cooks a bit longer. I can boil 1 or 6 eggs at a time and they all come out the same level of doneness with the same amount of water and wait time after the buzz. I do leave them in the cooker a few minutes for a hard boil just to be sure the yolks are solid and I have yet to get any green or tough yolks doing this and the whites remain tender as well. The medium line was pretty good for the softer eggs I ate as a snack by themselves. I haven't tried making soft boiled eggs as the medium boil was as soft as I like!  VS cooking on the stove, the eggs from the cooker cool much quicker and without ice in the water, plus they peel just as easy a few days later right from the fridge. Not sure if I'd leave them past a few days as the shell needs piercing for boiling, but so far so good on 2-3 days. Also as mentioned in other reviews there is discoloration on the heating plate after boiling eggs but it doesn't occur when using either of the egg cooking platter so I do not think it is rust but sediment from the shells.<br/><br/>Omelette: - The markings for omelette are right on for me. I get a nice firmly formed egg that is still tender and an interesting puffy top layer. It isn't so much an omelette as a thick egg patty and perfect for a sandwich on toast or a bun. There is a bit of overhang on an english muffin, but not so much you can't make it work. The recipe booklet says you can add things like spinach to the egg in the cooker but I haven't tried that yet. After the buzzer goes off I can add some cheese to the top and cover it for a minute while bread is toasting and the cheese melts nicely. Be sure to use vegetable spray to coat the cooking cup for easy release.<br/><br/>Poaching: - Haven't tried poaching myself but a friend has and said it worked well. Again, need to use that spray or else it's a mess and hard to get out!<br/><br/>Other thoughts: - I wasn't shopping for an egg cooker, or even thought I needed one, before I saw this listed as a lightning deal around Thanksgiving. After reading so many funny and entertaining reviews regarding the buzzer I had to hear it for myself! I was a little disappointed that the sound wasn't quite the 'Klaxon of Doom' I had been expecting. It is more like a high pitched annoying perpetual buzz that you really don't want to continue listening to but could easily be missed if the washer/dryer/dishwasher was going at the same time and you're a few rooms away. Overall the cooker does a great job making it possible to get a hot breakfast made while getting ready in the morning. I've probably saved hours of time and hassle on the few dozen hard boiled eggs alone. I wouldn't be without the cooker now and aside from the urge to make a REAL omelette now and again (with 3 eggs), I am happy to let this cooker handle all of my egg cooking needs.
 We got this egg cooker back in July 2016. My whole family loves this little egg cooker.  When we first got it we were surprised at how really small it is, mom however fell in love with it's size.  In any case no one could wait to try it so it went straight to work.  We started with the omelet and even though it was a simple omelet it was really light and fluffy and tasty.  We did add, to 2 eggs, green onions, a little bit of milk, salt and pepper, and  covered it with cheese when it was done.  yummy!  My dad has improved the omelet by adding sides like avocado and tomatoes, he loves this little egg cooker.  We have managed to boil (cook) 5 jumbo eggs, no more than that on the jumbo's and the eggs come out spot on.  We adjust the water to our liking.  Now since we have had it for about 2 months we have found that it will cook more large eggs at a time than jumbos, so that has been a plus, thing is ... it takes about the same amount of time just less or more eggs, depending on the size.  We have found that some of the eggs do get a little scorched on the outside.. but it has not effected the inside at all.  OHH let me tell you, the doctor wanted my mom to eat a boiled egg before bed instead of a toast *which was her go to*, we would boil her eggs and then peeling them was the most horrible thing to do.  We would lose almost half the egg to peeling, which is why we found this "little" gem.  The eggs peel so nice, no fuss no hassle and no loss of egg.  We have had no real success in the poached.. still working on it, and we haven't tried all the other options the cooker says that it does, we are just really happy to have a quick hard boiled egg cooker, that also makes, what we call, "Great Egg Cakes &amp; Hard boiled eggs".<br/><br/>9/26/16  I wanted to add, about the scorching on the metal pan part, it does stink and it does discolor the bottom of the eggs, but it add no nasty flavor at all to the egg itself, and it only happens when boiling eggs.  With this in mind I wanted to upload pictures of this, and that the fact that it is easy to clean if you use vinegar or you can use a scouring pad on it.  It comes out clean either way.  The pictures are of the burn, and with vinegar, the effect of the vinegar and the cleaned product.
 What a disappointment. If you're looking for fool-proof poached eggs, avoid this worthless little gizmo. I wasted countless breakfasts and a dozen eggs trying to get perfectly poached eggs. First use,  I followed the instructions and ended up with soggy, watery, undercooked, inedible eggs. Next time, I added more water (extra cooking time). Same outcome. I tried using a silicone cup. Inedible. I'm returning it because I'm starving and frustrated.
 For those who smoked through home ec: On stovetop, bring water to boil, add eggs, wait 11 minutes, remove eggs. Perfect hardboiled eggs all day.  But, if you're bored with that and want the excitement of never knowing how your eggs are going to wind up, with the extra danger of heated plastic enveloping your food in possibly carcinogenic vapors, please donate $15 (or more if it's not on sale, sucka) to the manufacturer of this tarted up hotplate.  Bonus: pays for itself with the iron and copper deposits that form on the heating element after just one use!  Ka-ching!!
 Its convenient, compact and time saving; this kitchen gadget is a game changer! I was hesitant but after reading all the reviews I was ready to try it and I am glad I did. Prep takes 30-45 seconds to fill the appropriate water level, poke the eggs and place in tray. Three eggs take about 7 minutes, six eggs takes about 11-12 minutes. Yes, but buzzer is obnoxious and annoying but it's not designed to be pleasant- I appreciate that its loud and obnoxious, less chance of a fire. Once these puppies are cooked and cooled off, it is a breeze peeling and prepping. I used to hate making hard boiled eggs specifically because I'd have to peel them and lose 1/4 of the egg with the shell; thankfully none of that is the case with this device and i'm so glad I stumbled on it while browsing Amazon. Definitely recommend getting this product, you will not regret it!<br/><br/>Also, I noticed there were some reviews complaining about the residue aftermath on the 'base' where the water boiled out but it's nothing out of the ordinary. We have hard water and it cleans up just fine. It's not any different than what we already experience on our pans but its just more shallow than your typical pan.
 I like the concept and, after some fiddling, it does a decent job.<br/>My fiddling involved dialing in the right amount of water to get what I was hoping to get. For example, using the supplied measuring cup for hard boiled eggs left the eggs with a slightly soft center - not runny but certainly not cooked all the way through.  I now put a bit more water into the measuring cup (for me - half way from the line to the top of the cup) and they come out fine.  I've had to do the same thing with all of the other egg dishes that I've tried although I haven't tried them all.  My advice is to do what I did, cook one egg at a time (let it cool down each time) and take notes.<br/><br/>I'm not convinced that it's "rapid"; it took 12 minutes to produce a hard boiled egg which is pretty close to the time it takes my induction cooktop to boil water and give me the same result. It is an easier cleanup though.
 I don't like watching my pot to find out when the water starts boiling. So I bought this Dash Egg Cooker. It delivers perfect eggs by steaming them until the water placed in the device has evaporated.  The exact amount of water is added to the cooker before it steams the eggs--there is a measuring line on the plastic cup that comes with the device. Next to each measuring line are the following words: "Hard Boiled, Soft Boiled, Poached, etc." Fill the cup with water to the line for the egg type you want and then add the water to the device. Then simply puncture each egg with a spike that is attached to the measuring cup, place the eggs in the device with the hole on top (duh). You close it, press the button on front and walk away. When an alarm sounds, it turns off automatically. Your eggs are done. No need to watch water boil. No need for daily cleaning. It's quite small. Love this thing. For under 18 dollars, what's not to like?
 I have a different brand egg cooker in my winter residence (also purchased through Amazon) which works perfectly!  But, while it automatically turns off, there isn't an alarm that alerts you when it is done.  So based on the reviews, an it's recommended status, I decided to buy this Dash egg cooker.  What a mistake!  The first cooker came with a cracked top.  The replacement is not damaged but it doesn't work well at all.  I never know what "type" of egg I am going to get....hard boiled, soft, runny yolk, inedible????  What a waste of money.
 You know those objects that are totally unnecessary, but you see them and fall in love and live forever in happiness with your random kitschy thing? This is that thing. I saw this egg cooker on a Buzzfeed list and, even though I am a fully functioning adult who has never had trouble cooking eggs before in my life, I knew I had to have it. I have not been disappointed.<br/><br/>It makes especially lovely, perfectly round omeletes with minimal cleanup required. Hard and soft boiled eggs cook evenly and taste great. The poached eggs are tender and melt in your mouth over toast.<br/><br/>I do believe that the water (thus, time) required to cook eggs is based on room-temperature eggs, the way they're kept in countries outside of the USA. If you keep your eggs in the fridge, add an extra third or so of water to the cooking time.<br/><br/>As other reviews have mentioned, the timer alarm is LOUD. Like, picture a fire alarm mixed with an incoming nuclear missle alarm, but make it about 12 times louder. There's no way to turn it off, so prepare to muffle it up with some cotton and tape if you want to keep your ears.<br/><br/>It's the perfect kitchen appliance. I grin from ear to ear every time I use it.
 Oh my god how did I ever live without this thing?! It's such a time saver and seriously cute to boot!<br/><br/>The packaging for this product is great -- several informative booklets and gorgeous design all around. The product itself is tiny -- about half the size of my rice cooker -- and takes up no counter space at all. It almost reminds me of Japanese design, for its simplicity and efficiency.<br/><br/>Using the product couldn't be easier: just pierce the eggs, put in the right amount of water (I general put in just a little more than the line for hard boiled, since my first batch came out a little less hard than I'd have liked), push the button and walk away. The only thing I don't like about this product is the fact that the buzzer does not stop buzzing until you attend to the cooker. So you couldn't just set it to cook and walk away to take a shower or do the laundry or whatever -- you need to come back and physically turn it off, lest you and the neighbors be subjected to the drone of its alarm.<br/><br/>BUT besides that, it does its job wonderfully! My eggs have all come out cooked just to my liking. I've only tried hard boiled, but I imagine that soft, poached, omelette, etc. all turn out just as well. It's a great little design and I'm so glad I splurged. You should too!
 I have been using this since the beginning of March 2018.  I love it. The buzzer scares our animals every time it goes off.<br/><br/>I do 4 eggs at a time, at 6-7 minutes I take out 2 for medium (whites done yolk a little liquid)  and leave the other two until the buzzer goes off.  I run the first two under cold water so I can peel them easier.  The others go into cold water to stop the cooking process and then into the refrigerator for later use. Use caution if you remove any during the cooking time the steam will scald you.<br/><br/>Since you have to poke a hole in the fat end of the egg to cook them (this is so the egg does not break/crack during cooking) do not leave them in water for long.  I have found that fresh eggs have to go under running water so they will peel easier.  Eggs from the store peel easier after cooling if you forget the cold water bath.<br/><br/>Clean your egg cooker as soon as possible since there is scale on it after each use.  I let it cool some and use a net covered sponge to scrub it a bit with vinegar and water. Don't submerge  your cooker, just scrub a bit and wipe off with towel/paper towel.  I only use bottled or distilled water in mine to do the steaming.  No house water as ours comes from a well and is full of minerals I don't want on my food.<br/><br/>Watch your time and adjust to your desired firmness.  I have been writing it down since I tend to forget.  Enjoy!!
 I must say, I have become very fond of this little unassuming appliance.  It's as handy as a toaster.  I like the way it saves me from having dishes or pans to wash that have cooked egg white stuck to them.  After just a bit of experimenting I found the right procedure to make my cold extra large egg come out just the way I wanted it to.  The only negative is that there is some sort of a brown residue that builds up on the heating plate.  I think this residue may be unavoidable because of the minerals in water, but I think if I had it to do over I would look for one of these little appliances with a nonstick finish instead of a bare aluminum heating plate.<br/><br/>UPDATE:  I discovered how to restore the shiny aluminum heating plate to a like-new condition.  I did try following the instructions in the booklet, but they did not work.  Instead, I filled the little cup to the "hard boiled" line with pure white vinegar.  I put that into the egg cooker and actually used that to cook an egg.  When the egg was done the heating plate had a lot of loose debris that had been the minerals in the water used to cook prior eggs.  That did not come off easily so, using bottled water rather than water from the tap, I poured it in and boiled it off.  This removed all remaining mineral deposits, leaving the hot plate restored very closely to looking new.  Now I no longer use tap water to boil my eggs.  Others have suggested distilled water and I am sure that would work great.  But since I don't want to deal with storing large containers of distilled water, I am now using regular store-bought drinking water to make my eggs.  So far, no mineral deposits have built back up.  Since this process was so easy and worked so well, I am upgrading my previous 4 star rating to a 5 star rating.
 Let me start off by saying that this egg cooker really does seem to work well.  I've used it twice, once for a soft boiled egg, and once for a medium boiled egg.  I thought the soft was too soft - yolk really not cooked at all.  But the two medium soft eggs were perfect for me and just how I like my soft boiled eggs!  But...this little machine has one drawback that for me is a deal breaker.  The noise it makes to signal that cooking has stopped and the heating plate is dry is ungodly.  It scares my dog.  My dog is a little skittish, but he is perfectly fine with all the dings, bongs, bells, and buzzes coming from the microwave, the over, the refrigerator doors, the washing machine and dryer....  But the noise this egg maker makes is not a bell or a chime; it is a heart stopping buzz.  It seems completely unnecessary for it to be so harsh and loud.  So, the little egg cooker is going back.  I'm going to have to look for one that dings, like appliances are supposed to do!
 Bought this on a whim. We love boiled eggs, but did I really need to spend money on something that I already could make in a pot?  Yes. Yes, I did. This thing is worth every penny. Cheaply made, but it does the job perfectly. And I never have to worry about over/under cooking etc.  Love this random purchase.
 Best. Invention. Ever. If you like hard boiled eggs and are like me and can't ever get them right, this is what you need! I get up in the morning, add my water, poke my eggs, push the one button on the machine, shower, and breakfast is done. I do recommend adding a bit of extra water, especially if you are cooking more than 3 eggs at a time, but absolutley fantastic!
 I had one similar to this that I loved.  Unfortunately, it broke so I ordered a new one.  It works exactly as expected, except this one comes with an audible alarm when it shuts off.  Now, when I say alarm, I mean an ALARM. It woke my wife on the other end of the house when my egg was done. The dog cowered in fear before slinking out of the room with her tail between her legs.  It's super loud, and will not let you miss that the eggs are ready.  I have a sneaking suspicion that this alarm came out of some kind of prank device, as the sound is constant, and eerily similar to a combination between "the most annoying sound in the world" from the Farrelly Bros' opus, "Dumb &amp; Dumber" and a cicada in an echo chamber.  I suppose this could be a good cooker for the hearing impaired individual who enjoys a nice egg, which is good, because if you aren't hearing impaired before you use it, you will be afterward.<br/><br/>TLDR: Egg good. Too loud. Induces Rage.
 I rarely cook eggs in bulk, so I used this only 5-6 times in about 17 months. The first time I followed directions carefully and prepared hard boiled eggs -- they were *very* hard and rubbery. The second time, again following directions carefully, I prepared hard boiled eggs, and some were hard and some still had semi-liquid yolk. Third use, same procedure, it shut off after a couple of minutes, water all boiled away, eggs not cooked. I put it away after 1-2 more attempts with inconsistent results. Brought it out today to try it for deviled eggs and it won't turn on at all. Also, the alarm is obnoxiously loud, louder than my smoke detector, and it goes on and on and on until you shut it off. My neighbors thought it was a smoke alarm. It gets one star for being cute and compact, and for having detailed instructions. If you get a good one, you'll probably be happy, but the one I got never did work properly. ETA: I always use the same brand of eggs, large, and not extra large or jumbo.
 Bought this product thinking it would perfect for my morning schedule.  I never really got hard boiled eggs, but soft boiled was okay.  The more I used it, the softer my yolks were.  The last time I used it I bit into my egg and yolk squirted everywhere.  I returned the product for a refund. Not a good experience for me.
 VERY DISAPPOINTED!  I bought this to poach eggs (haven't tried for hard boiled).  Anyway, cooked 2 eggs as per instructions and both eggs were raw!  I cooked again and now the whites are cooked perfectly but the yellow is hard as a rock.  Is there no good egg poaching methods out there?
 Eggs cook perfectly and are easy to peel. No clue why they had to use a tornado siren for the buzzer. It will wake the entire house.
 Poaching eggs has presented a problem as well as cooking an om "omelette".  When adding the proper amount of water, as directed, the poached eggs turn out practically uncooked...watery and runny..  I added more mater, which increased the cooking time, with the same result, runny, under-cooked eggs.  Then it occurred to me that the poaching cup and omelette tray are make of plastic and probably don't get hot enough to properly cook the eggs.  I tested my theory with two metal poaching cups from a stove-top egg poacher in my cupboard.  The cups are small enough to fit perfectly under the electric cooker dome.  I prepared the eggs in the metal cups, added the amount of water prescribed for the electric cooker, and gave it a go.  The result was that my theory was correct!  The eggs turned out PERFECTLY.<br/><br/>I would suggest to the maker of the DASH RAPID EGG COOKER replace all of the plastic parts with non-stick metal parts.  It will result in a much better product for the consumer.  Might even rate a 5-star review...
 As an egg cooker, this product seems to work well for me under the following conditions: Extra Large eggs, Added recommended water to produce Hard Boiled Eggs. The eggs were very fresh for store bought egg with a date code out about 30 days. The eggs were perfectly boiled with no discoloration of the yolks, and peeled easily. The Beeper indicator was loud enough to be heard in another room but not objectionably loud. The tone is unique, so easily recognized as coming from the egg cooker and not some other appliance.<br/><br/>Having had an egg cooker years ago I was somewhat disappointed in the quality of the lid and Egg tray components. Extremely low quality (thin) plastic. It is odd that the manufacturer would use a nice Stainless steel boiling surface and then skimp on the few extra bits. My old cooker had a glass lid and metal egg holder and poacher. While it can not be expected to have glass and metal, they could at least have provided a couple of pennies more plastic for slightly thicker parts provided. The egg poacher and omelette trays are so small they have to be placed on top of the Boiler try after the boiler tray handle is removed from the tray. Lots of fiddly bits of plastic to get lost. The parts will require extreme care that they don't end up broken. First impressions are the longest lasting, this cooker does not exude quality.<br/><br/>Bottom line, a decent, cheap egg cooker.
 Due to trying to eat keto, I eat a LOT of boiled eggs because they're quick and filling.<br/><br/>I haven't perfected a recipe, though, and gave in to buying the precooked and pre-shelled ones. But that feels so dumb, spending all that extra money! So I read all the reviews and figured for $20, why not?<br/><br/>First try, WOW. Perfect boiled eggs. Shelled so easily!<br/><br/>THAT ALARM HOLY MOSES PEOPLE AREN'T KIDDING. I was so startled and confused, I thought it was the smoke detector or some random gadget somewhere, screaming at me. But, since there's no on/off, just plugged in and unplugged, it makes sense they put on something to make sure it can't be left in after the water's steamed out.<br/><br/>I was really looking forward to poached eggs. Sadly I still am. I followed the direction to the letter, placed the tray squarely in the middle, and got one hard boiled egg and one under done egg. Nowhere near even cooked as over or under as each other.<br/><br/>The omelette feature would be amazing if it worked. See my photos, the egg was NOWHERE near cooked, not remotely. I actually did it twice, and got nowhere.<br/><br/>Subsequent boilings, eggs have cracked and that webby thing happens (see photos). But, it's still way better than any other method I've tried. Faster, more consistent, and easy shelling. Disappointed at the false advertising (just make it a good egg boiler and don't try to sell us with features that don't work!), but pleased enough with the hard boiled eggs.
 I love the features of this egg cooker, with mutliple options to cook eggs epecially the speed that it cooks it. It is perfectly cooked and well work the price for the amount of time it saves. The only thing I would change is to make some of the covers and cooking utensils steel or glass. The problem with plastic is that it may leech and be a neurotoxin. Although it is a #5 plastic, I still fear after reading online that it may be victim to age.  Overall, a nice addition to the kitchen, but I hope they add a nonplastic option.
 So many people like this a lot - and I don't like it much at all.  I waited to review this until I had tried it multiple times.  So far my efforts at poaching have failed.  The water is gone, the beeper is beeping and the outside looks ready - but there is always nasty runny white when I take it out.  No matter how much I increase the water and thereby the time I get the same result.  This hard-boils fairly well - again the water/time issue had to be adjusted.  The resulting eggs peel pretty easily.  But not better than my results on the stove top and certainly not more easily.  I was hoping for more convenience and this is just a pain.  Last, the beeper - it is LOUD.  I read the reviews and told myself it couldn't be that bad - but it is.  So loud it scares the dogs.  It almost sounds like a smoke detector going off, maybe not quite as loud but too close for a tiny appliance.  It is cute - I'll give it that.  So instead of being able to go do something else I find myself loitering around the kitchen so I can turn it off immediately.  Not more convenient.  I think part of the problem is that we buy jumbo-sized eggs.  The cook times are probably intended for smaller eggs.  But it is really too much work to hit the perfect water/time target.  At least my family has gotten several hearty laughs over my efforts to make a poached egg with this thing.  I caught my husband sneaking into the kitchen to cook the eggs in a skillet so he didn't have to watch another woman vs. egg cooker match.  I give up - I'm giving it away and I feel a little sorry for the person who gets it.
 I was looking forward to receiving this so I could prepare up to 6 poached eggs at a time.  Upon receipt, I found out the poaching tray only accommodates TWO (2) eggs at a time, not SIX (6).<br/><br/>The Product Description clearly says: "6 Egg Capacity Electric Egg Cooker for Hard Boiled Eggs, Poached Eggs, Scrambled Egg"<br/><br/>This is absolutely not true, and I lost several days waiting for the cooker to arrive only to find this out.
 Okay, I NEVER write as much as I have on this product as it made me a believer that if I can do it, anyone can with this little miracle of a hard boiled egg maker!!!!  I am the worst hard boil egg maker in the WORLD! I not only ordered one but four additional for my children and aging parents after for the first time made the PERFECT hard boil egg! This product is amazing as it also has a small dish that you pour scrambled eggs into and let the same concept of the steam cook your PERFECT scramble eggs! Hint: when using the measuring cup that comes with the product, put a little more water above the suggested line for scrambled eggs and by the time the water has evaporated, the egg looks like they are going to push the clear plastic lid off but it doesn't. The air in the egg will deflate and trust me, you will have the best scrambled egg ever! You will know when either your hard boiled eggs or scrambled eggs are done when the obnoxious timer goes off but it is a GOOD obnoxious which lets you know you when the eggs are ready and not forgetting them on the stove top and ruining them! LOL
 I kinda am ashamed I love this so much. I mean, hard boiled eggs, how hard are they to make? They aren't, although there are about 17 different "best way" tips to make them. They aren't thaaaat hard. The glory to this is that I set it, walk away and wait for the alarm. Yeah, it is an alarm and not a buzzer. Yes, it could be quieter, but ya know, it isn't that big of a deal. Unplug it and it stops right away. No, they didn't have to make it this loud, or did they? Because it really is a set it and go appliance, I can see how you would walk away and do your thang and forget all about it and they keep cooking. This won't let you forget it, so I'm okay with the loud, don't forget me buzzer.<br/><br/>Now, making this even better, those soft or medium boiled eggs you can make with this. Those things are more annoying to make and that's when I really love the set and go of this thing.<br/><br/>You know you want it, you're here looking. Just get it, it is cheap and easy to use and makes things easier.
 I wish I could say this product was a winner.  But, I can't.  The first one I ordered, the on/off switch didn't work.  The unit came on the second it was plugged in and did not shut off when it was done cooking.<br/><br/>The replacement product had the exact same problem including the on/off switch plate was loose and about to fall off.<br/><br/>So, I can't really recommend this product although it did cook the eggs great.  I'm just concerned about it being a fire hazzard!  And I had to just plug it in and out to turn it on/off instead of using the on/off button.<br/><br/>Overall?  Cheaply made, not durable, safety concern
 I LOVE this thing! I use it probably every other week to make hard boiled eggs. It's so easy to use and clean/store. Yes it does make a louder sound to let you know it is done but I like that feature because 1, I'm hard of hearing and 2, if I'm in another room I can hear it go off. Idk why so many reviews make it sound like the most terrifying sound. All you have to do when the alarm goes off (which kind of sounds like an amber alert), is hit the power button to turn it off. It's simple. I'd recommend this product to anyone. I use it to meal prep so again the alarm is handy because I get distracted making other food. The eggs are super easy to peel when done too! Everyone actually asks me where I got it or people that had one, commented and said they use theirs all of the time too and they love it.
 I'll start by saying that I've only used this to make hard and soft boiled eggs so can't attest to the poaching tray.  I'm overall pretty happy with this little device - it makes it significantly easier to make hard boiled eggs and is almost completely hands off.  You add water, punch a hole in the bottom of each egg, turn it on and wait for the beep (which is really loud and terrifies anyone who isn't expecting it, including pets!).  It took me a few tries to get my eggs to turn out how I wanted - we prefer a very solid yoke in our hard boiled eggs and add more water to achieve the desired consistency.  A little frustrating until you figure out how much water to add and how long to leave the eggs sitting after the timer goes off (I fill the measuring cup all the way to the top and let the eggs sit in the cooker for a while after the timer), but overall definitely a good purchase!
 This worked so much better than I was expecting.<br/><br/>I make 6 eggs at a time. I like them completely hardboiled so I fill the little cup almost all the way to the top with water (past the "hard" line). As soon as they are done, I just pick up the whole tray by the handle and set it in the fridge. No cooling necessary and they are still easy to peel. I've tried both distilled and tap water and both leave the brown marks on the metal. However, I have a little scrub brush that I use soon after cooking and it takes maybe 15 seconds to clean it all off. Haven't had any issues with the piercer or eggs cracking (I use t he cheapest eggs from Walmart).<br/><br/>My only con: The alarm is fine, but the little button is useless. It feels very cheap and is hard to push in. It's easier to just unplug it when done.
 The cooker is quick, easy, and makes eggs reproducibly well, whether you want soft, medium, or hard boiled. (I have not used the functions other than boiling eggs.)<br/><br/>As others have noted, the alarm that sounds when the eggs are ready is horrendous, and should be able to be switched off.<br/><br/>That said, removing the alarm is not too hard. (See photos)<br/><br/>I recommend trying not to leave it for hours: The heating element will continue to cycle as the thermocouple cools and resets itself. This may not affect the eggs much, but it uses power and may not be good for the longevity of the cooker.
 This is a lot smaller than you think it is - though why I thought it would be bigger, I don't know. The first time I used it, I filled the water to line on the cup for soft boiled, and followed the instructions for the timing. It should have been 7 minutes, but at 5 minutes, the machine began to emit a high pitched wail that, I have to admit, was extremely irritating. Apparently, all the water had dried up and the machine was having a bloody panic attack. Which made no sense because I followed the instructions and put the amount of water it told me to. Since then, I just fill up the little cup of water to the top, then time the eggs myself and remove them when they're done, rather than relying on the machine to tell me when they're done. While it would be great to be notified that your eggs are ready, rather than having to time it yourself, I don't particularly want to hear that screeching in my house again. Which is why I removed a star. I haven't tried poaching any eggs, so may change my opinion once I've done that. But, I don't particularly need poached eggs too often and didn't buy it just for that. If you're looking for a little machine that can boil your eggs to the consistency you like without having to deal with a pot full of water, adding salt, vinegar so you can shell them, then trying to decide if you should put them in before or after it the water's boiled, then timing them based on whether or not you've put them in first, etc. etc. etc., then this is perfect for you. You stick the eggs in, poor in the water, and then time them per the supplied chart. Ta da! They peel fairly easily, not perfect or anything, but not bad either. And the whole thing is so simple. No oil, no major mess, or a pot to wash of salt and vinegar water. Yes, I do the timing myself, and use some prongs to remove them, but even that is easier than trying to fetch your eggs out of boiling water. I even take it with me when I visit with family because I don't trust them to get my eggs cooked with a soft yellow, but not runny white!
 This is an adorable little egg cooker!  When I got it, I was surprised at how tiny it was.<br/><br/>Great for making hard boiled eggs - simple, easy to use, makes six hard boiled eggs in 16 minutes.  No guessing if your egg is done correctly (it is), no fooling around with pots of water, salting the water, watching the timer, then dumping out water after.  Simply measure the water for the cooker, use the handy tool to pop a hole in the top of the egg, pop them in, and turn on the cooker.  Minimal prep, minimal clean up.<br/><br/>Made an omelet with cheese in it - it did not cook the omelet as quickly as advertised (when the alarm sounded, it was still half cooked), but it was no big deal to add more water and turn it back on.  Was much easier than cooking an omelet on the stove and tasted the same.
 Pretty much what I expected but a couple things to consider before you buy one. This thing cooks based on the amount of water you pour into the heating base and the cook time varies depending on your altitude and its impact on the water boiling point. We live at nearly 6000 ft so water boils at a lower temperature and evaporates faster than at sea level meaning the soft boiled level of water is unedably runny. After a little experimentation I've determined the medium level of water equals soft boiled at my altitude. It would have been nice to have some consideration for altitude in the cooking directions. That's not a big deal but the timer buzzer is. This thing sounds like a smoke alarm when it's done cooking with a ridiculous volume level and it doesn't quit until you push the power button. If you don't mind the crazy buzzer it's worth $14.
 Compared to most people I am a heavy egg eater (6 eggs every day for breakfast with no bread). I wanted something to make boiling eggs easier.<br/><br/>The omelette tray is for 1 or 2 large eggs, maybe 3. The poached egg is something that I will never use but both trays serve for the purpose. The product is a lot smaller than I thought.<br/><br/>What I liked:<br/>For hard boiled eggs is where the unit really gets it done right. You can prepare 6 large eggs at once. It's quick and does the trick well.<br/><br/>What I did not like at all:<br/>Once you start using the product you will notice a kind of rust on the water pan. It is not rust but it will never look clean again, at least I have not found something to properly clean it.<br/><br/>The thing is:<br/>If you are a light egg eater this product may be great for you.<br/><br/>Right now I am looking for another product with a large omelette tray that can prepare 6 eggs at a time and not just hard boiled eggs.
 I own a older model that is all metal that I have  had for years that just started  to not work  properly so I ordered this one that I returned due to not working as it should
 First test HB  not as hard as I like but I will tweak it till I find right combo - I live at 7 thousand feet in the mountains so that might make a difference. However; VERY easy to peel. Plus the alarm that freaks some out was not all that loud. Perfectly fine. Anything so I do not have to watch a pot boil. :)UPDATE:  Because of the high altitude I found that I don't need to immerse the eggs into ice water. I remove the eggs from the cooker and let them stand for about 10 minutes to come to hard boiled.. Even if they stand at room temperature for a couple of hours peeling is easy. NEVER boil again!<br/>Further UPDATE: I found a way to clean the hard water accumulated deposits without serious scrubbing; just ad one teaspoon of cream of tartar with water measuring to hard boil line and plug in..works like a charm...all nice and shiny like new!<br/>UPDATE: giving these as Xmas gifts!!
 I got this thinking hmm it could be good. I switched to eating hard boiled eggs everyday for breakfast and also for snacks during the day. Lost a few lbs within a week. I don’t really eat the yolks, but give some to my cat and dog. They know when it’s breakfast time and eagerly await their piece of the yolk. Their coats quickly got thicker and shinier.<br/><br/>Back to this, yes the metal plate gets rust looking residue on it. The manual says it’s the minerals from the water. I wipe it with a wet napkin or paper towel and it largely comes off.<br/><br/>Buzz is super loud and annoying. My wife still sleeps through it which is great for me. I’ve had this a little longer than a month and plan to give some out as housewarming gifts. I make soft boiled when I have bread to toast. Soft boiled also come out much quicker in the morning. You can store the measuring/poking cup in the unit when you store it. I’ve kept this on the counter since I use it so much.<br/><br/>I’m glad to have found this as it keeps me from eating junk snacks.
 The egg cooker I received was obviously used. The dome lid was covered in scratches and fingerprints. The instructions state if the device is unplugged in the middle of a cook cycle, it'll resume the cycle automatically when it's plugged in again. Sure enough, it automatically turned on the first time I plugged it in, and when I tried to cook 3 eggs in it with a 12 minute timer, the obnoxiously loud buzzer went off halfway through the cook cycle. It was stated as shipped and sold by Amazon, not a third party, so I'm very disappointed. As for how it functions, yes it hard-boiled the 3 eggs. I left them in for 2 minutes beyond the recommended 12 and they were just done enough. I prefer mine very rubbery with firm yolk and these had soft but fully cooked yolks.<br/><br/>To summarize, it works, the buzzer is loud, annoying and useless, and I would be embarrassed to gift this to someone knowing Amazon is sending out used units.
 I have bought three of these so far. One for my family at a discount during the prime day, and liked it so much, that bought two more for full price for gifts. It takes a few moments to set up for the eggs cooked right. As for the "scream of death" alert sound - I actually like it, because it can literally get you down there from another floor when the eggs are ready. When making soft boiled eggs, it is actually a good thing - as while the evaporation process ends with the alarm, it is still quite hot inside, and eggs may continue cooking a bit more, which could make them a bit harder than desired. I usually pull the eggs from the cooker as soon as it starts yelling at me and put them under cold water. I also must compliment the manufacturer for a great customer service. Lost my measuring cup, and contacted them to buy a replacement, but they immediately sent me one at no cost (not even shipping charge).
 I loved my egg cooker and used it a few times a month. Unfortunately, I purchased this in August of 2017 and as of yesterday the device is broken. It will not turn on and will only buzz when I push the power button. I am disappointed that the item has not lasted even the one year warranty. I have ordered a replacement but I am not confidant on the device longevity
 I initially was really excited about this product but am very much disappointed. I carefully read the instructions, and every time I cook eggs it makes an incessant buzzing noise that will not stop. After the first use the bottom half of the product was coated with very difficult to clean white egg residue. It's hard to clean, extremely noisy and does not even cook the eggs correctly. Do not waste your money on this product.
 Honestly, I had my doubts about this. I wasn't even aware that such a product existed until I was linked here from another site. It was on sale, and most of the reviews were good, so I figured why not take a chance on it?<br/><br/>The claims are true. This is the easiest and fastest I have ever hard boiled eggs. I just got it, and I haven't tested it for making anything but hard boiled eggs, but oh man is it great for that. It was easy, it was fast. I dumped the eggs into some ice water after cooking for about 15 minutes, and these were the easiest to peel eggs I have ever made. The wife is giddy, and making deviled eggs as I write this.<br/><br/>I took one star off for the buzzer, because I'm fairly certain that it's attempting to summon demons from the underworld. Those claims are also true.
 I have been using this egg cooker for about year and a half and it is still working fine.  I hesitated to buy this as I did not want another special appliance that takes up counter space.  However, this egg cooker has a small footprint.<br/>Making hard-boiled eggs or soft-boiled eggs is a breeze. I just pierce the egg shell and put in the measured water and flip the switch on.  This is all that is required and there is no need to set the timer.  The only thing, that I wish is that sound that signals the eggs are done would not sound so loud.  It sounded like that the fire alarm is set off.<br/>This is not a necessity appliance as one can boil eggs in a pot with water but this is so convenient and the eggs can be cooked consistently.  While I do not eat boiled eggs every day, I eat them enough to justify placing this egg cooker on my counter.  Highly recommended if you like boiled eggs.<br/>BTW.  I agree with some of the reviewers about using distilled water or filtered water as I did not and the egg cooker currently has some water stain.  This is just cosmetic and does not seem to affect its function
 I love this little gadget!  A coworker of mine suggested it because she saw me struggling to peel my hard boiled eggs every morning at work.  I decided to buy it because I do eat hard boiled eggs a lot.  Well this gadget works great.  I put my eggs in.  I don't pierce them like the instructions say.  I did it once and didn't like that the whites come out of the hole.  So, now I never pierce them.  So, I put the eggs in and about 3/4 of the cup of water, turn it on and walk away.  I get the kids ready for school and do my thing without having to worry about "turning off the water" for the eggs.  They are cooked perfectly every time.  And they are SUPER easy to peel!  The shells literally come right off.
 Look, we need to have a talk. This is an awesome product, my eggs have always come out perfectly (I do put in more water than suggested - I fill the measuring cup that comes with the cooker to the very brim right before overflowing,) and I used to have another one of these a couple of years ago that I literally used to death. This isn't the problem.<br/><br/>The problem I'm having with this egg cooker, which I never had with my old egg cooker (was it defective? I don't know) is the BUZZ. This thing is as loud as a fire alarm. It is LOUD. I used to always set the timer for 12 minutes and do my own thing and wait until the timer would go. Nope, that's not needed with this. You will never have to worry about your eggs burning, even your neighbors can hear this sucker. Want to cook eggs at 3am in your tiny apartment? Better not if you have neighbors that can hear through your walls or the fire department might visit you.<br/><br/>All in all, this isn't worth one star because I've had awesome eggs and people always compliment them. This isn't worth three or more stars because I probably lost a lot of my hearing. I'm really happy my boyfriend doesn't live with me yet because the poor guy has bad hearing and might not pass his state patrol hearing test if he's in the same room as this. So yeah, buyer beware.
 Poached eggs raw underneath and overdone on top. Try to add more water to cook for longer and it just buzzes and makes you wait 5 minutes before it will turn on again. Tried twice, second time used warmer eggs and added extra water - same result. Wasted 4 eggs on this and returned.<br/><br/>If you plan to poach eggs or make omelettes, I would not purchase this device.
 Wow, where do I begin? Let me first off by saying that I use to dread the process of hard boiled eggs. Grab a pan, fill it with water, wait for it to boil, take it off boil and cover, ice bath blah blah blah. A lot of work for an egg. Not to mention during the peeling process i’d either destroy the egg or it would come out with more craters on it than the moon.<br/><br/>I then bought this. Easy Assembly. Filled it with 6 eggs, added water with my little pre measure cup, covered it and plugged it in. After about 10 minutes the timer went off. Quick ice bath and went to peel. Holy Sh** was it easy to peel these things. The shell just falls off it with ease.<br/><br/>What a product. A life/time saver.<br/><br/>A+<br/><br/>P.S. The buzzer that goes off sounds like a fire alarm, so don’t panic, your kitchen isn’t on fire, your eggs are done!
 This thing is awesome. Breakfast in minutes, and preparing hubby's breakfast for the week is fast and easy. I've tried other "fast egg" products like ones that go in the microwave and they were gross - eggs came out tasting/smelling like plastic.  No such issues with this product. Everything tastes delicious.<br/><br/>Tip: I've found if you are adding cheese to your omelette/scramble, you should do that at the end. Otherwise it tends not to cook on the bottom of your eggs.  I've also found I have to add a very slight bit more water than the line designates for scrambled eggs, otherwise they are still a little too raw (even after waiting the recommended 2 min after the finished buzz).  We're at a high altitude, so maybe needing extra water is just because of that.
 Worked very well easily boiling our large eggs, and it looks good on our countertop, but in less than a year it started leaking water (we now keep a dish under the cooker) and the automatic shutoff stopped working.  I can't complain too much since it only cost $15, but I feel that it should work properly for at least a year.  I did have to mark the water measuring cup with a permanent marker because the marks were barely readable.  The eggs do come out well.
 I wound up returning this. I wanted to like it, but it just didn't work. My hard boiled eggs were never cooked fully. Soft boiled eggs were always too runny. Poached eggs were never cooked enough. I tried adjusting water levels and could never get it to work right. At the end of the day, it was easier and more accurate to just boil a pot of water.
 When my boyfriend first asked me to order this I complained because I didn't want another crappy gadget we use only a couple of times that takes up room in our small kitchen. The reviews about the egg shells sliding off hard boiled eggs convinced me to try it (stuck eggshells are the worst!!) and I'm glad we did.  First of all the thing is tiny. I store it in a small long cabinet above the fridge. And second, it's true! It is so easy to use and I have yet to have an issue getting the shells off a hard or soft boiled egg. That is awesome!<br/>We tried the poached eggs too and they also cooked perfectly. The only thing I didn't like was how they looked. It doesn't really matter, just for some reason I was expecting them to look pretty and in the shape of traditionally poached eggs, but they come out looking like they came from McDonald's.<br/>I also wish they had an option for glass or ceramic trays or something other than plastic. I know it's BPA free but it's still plastic...<br/><br/>Oh and the buzzer to tell you it's done is outrageously loud and obnoxious lol. No complaints though, the thing is great!
 A very convenient way to boil and prepare omelettes, but I find that hard boiled eggs are never quite cooked right through even it the added water level is slightly higher than the marked level on the measuring jug. The markings on the measuring jug 'disappear' when water is added to the jug. I would be nice if the markings were black or raised on the outside of the jug to make reading them with water added a little easier. I do like the loud alarm at the end of the cooking cycle as I am slightly deaf and other appliances I have, I either cant hear them or I have to set a second timer on my phone to alert me, if I miss the appliance timer alert.
 Pretty simple one button operation. Love how it's able to do soft through hard boiled eggs, even though in my experience it hasn't been an exact science as it depends on a few factors (size of eggs, number of eggs, amount of water, how long cover is left on after finished) but it's been consistent enough once you get it down in your mind. Haven't tried the omelette or poaching trays yet as I really just bought this to make lazy soft-boiled eggs for shoyu tomago. Unlike some other reviewers I've seen, I find the metal base plate to be very easy to clean with a soapy sponge as long as you wash it after each use (seriously, why wouldn't you anyway?)<br/><br/>The timer alarm isn't that loud, even with it sitting right next to me it doesn't hurt the ears or wake the dead ( or my sleeping baby)
 Who: purchased for 2yr old daughter<br/>What: yellow egg cooker/maker. Qty 1, All pieces came successfully. No weird smells or defects. Cheep engraving and random animals.<br/>When: arrived late (used 2-day Prime) but they promise two days from when shipper puts it in mail so 2 days doesn’t count when it is shipped from third party.<br/>Why: I am NO COOK but my husband got my daughter hooked on hard boiled eggs so I needed something to make sure I was not undercooking the eggs. Also, as a parent you get easily distracted by toddlers. So, this made sure I didn’t overlook or forget the eggs. Love it! Loud chirping noise when done (under 20 minutes) and I use a spray bottle of vinegar to whipe it down after (so no weird spots on the metal).  Highly recommend throwing them in an ice bath after so that you can peel off the egg’s shell easily.<br/><br/>Overall: happy with purchase. Will write back if damaged through use.
 Holy cow, this thing is amazing! I read some reviews before deciding to buy this product and was pretty pumped before it came. After opening the package I was a little skeptical because I wasn't sure how well it was going to actually work. I was wary because it has one button on the front and the directions just indicated that you fill the accompanying measuring cup up to the fill line depending on how you're cooking your eggs. I wasn't sure how the machine knows when to shut off, so I thought my eggs were going to blow up! But it knows, it really does! I put my desired amount of eggs in (1-6 eggs) filled up the measuring cup to the fill line for hard boiled, poured the water in, set the lid on top, turned the power button on, and then waited! After the timer went off a few minutes later they were done. I let them cool down and I cracked one open and it was perfectly hard boiled.<br/><br/>PSA: The timer is very alarming. I think it's way worse than a smoke detector alarm. Just be prepared!!!
 This device promises to turn boiling eggs into a set-and-forget operation, like a rice cooker for rice. It's small and inexpensive. Does it work? Well, sort of.<br/><br/>The device is a basic steamer that works just like a rice cooker: you measure out an amount of water into the bottom onto a small hot plate, place your eggs in the tray above the hot plate and cover with the vented dome. A sensor inside senses when the water has boiled away, turning  off the heater and sounding an alarm. The only cooking control you have is the amount of water you add to the hot plate.<br/><br/>There's a small plastic measuring cup that lets you measure out a remarkably small amount of water. It also has a small spike on the bottom for pricking the shells. This step is unnecessary, really: if you didn't prick your shells boiling your eggs in a pan of water, no need to start now. The measuring cup has markings for soft, medium and hard eggs. The instructions suggest that reading these markings is all there is to it, but that's not true and the over-selling is probably the reason for many of the complaints in these reviews. You need to calibrate the amounts by trial and error. The first batch I tried the "medium" marking on the measuring cup, and found my eggs not even cooked to "soft": the white wasn't even firm. A couple more tries and I found that about halfway between "medium" and "hard" was enough for soft-boiled eggs. The amount of water you need varies with the size of the eggs, temperature of the eggs, temperature of the water, altitude, and probably more besides. Trial and error will find the right amount for your own conditions. Even then, I sometimes found my eggs cooked a little unevenly, but not too bad. The eggs cook in a few minutes (about 5 or so) and there's really nothing to clean up afterwards, so it is more convenient than using a saucepan of water, as well as being easier to time.<br/><br/>The reviews are right: the timer alarm sound is unpleasant. It's like the hurricane warnings on your cellphone. Of course, you do need to take the eggs out of the machine and cool them quickly to stop them cooking when the time is up, just like any other cooking method, and there's no risk of failing to do that with this alarm sound.<br/><br/>Some people ask about the dark ring around the yolk and about ease of peeling after cooking. Using this machine has little to do with either issue. Eggs get a dark sulfurous ring if they're hard-boiled and then allowed to cool slowly. If you cool your eggs in ice water immediately after cooking, you won't get the dark ring, whether you use this machine or not. And if you want eggs that are easy to peel the shells off, use older eggs. Very fresh eggs are difficult to peel when they're boiled. This machine won't help with either issue, but it won't hurt either.<br/><br/>The device also comes with plastic trays for cooking poached and scrambled eggs. I tried these but found the eggs cooked very unevenly (part raw part rubber), so I didn't bother trying again. Perhaps if I was living in a dorm where this was my only cooking appliance I'd persevere.
 I bought this for my wife ... actually for me as she eats a couple of hard boiled eggs every day with her salad for lunch and I do the cooking. The first morning I used this is also the last morning I will use it. What a joke. I first tried cooking a soft boiled egg per the instructions and I ended up with a way under cooked, runny egg that I had to throw away ... couldn't even peel it, it was so underdone. Tried a second one at the medium setting per the instructions and, again, an egg so underdone I had to throw it away. And this from someone who has always preferred his eggs under cooked. For my third try, I used water half way to the hard setting and finally ended up with a soft boiled egg that was edible.<br/><br/>However, this last time left the hot plate a complete mess as egg white boiled out of the little hole you have to prick and become scalded onto the hot plate.  In addition, I thought I was getting a TIMED egg cooker. The type you could turn on and then go about your other tasks. But NO ... this one has an unbelievably obnoxious alarm. If you somehow don't hear it, your egg will just keep cooking until it explodes. Dumbest design for any kitchen gadget I have ever seen. Both for cleanup and ease of use ... stick to a small pot for boiling your eggs. This thing is an absolute waste of money.
 I eat a fair amount of hard boiled eggs and was getting frustrated with so much wasted water boiling eggs all the time. Enter this gem! I actually saw the larger version on a Refinery29 listicle over the holidays but went with the smaller 6 egg version since I'm normally cooking just for myself.<br/><br/>The good: LOVE the hardboiled eggs that come out of this. I typically make 3 at a time, so it takes ~12 minutes. Overall that's not a huge time saver, but it IS a big water saver because you just use a little bit in the provided cup. There's no actual timer on the item, so I usually set the kitchen timer along side so that when I'm moving around the condo I can glance over and check on the time left. I have been using the provided accessory to poke a hole in the top of the eggs before boiling, and it always works perfectly every time. Seriously, you can't screw this up. Fantastic hard boiled eggs. The unit itself is also super cute and pretty small, so it can fit into any corner of your kitchen.<br/><br/>The "meh": The buzzer is unnecessarily harsh. For real. It's not as loud as I was expecting based on other reviews, but it is way too harsh for the morning. It makes me rush back over to the kitchen to turn it off as soon as I can (which is also why I set the kitchen timer to keep an eye on things - I don't want to be surprised!). I also tried making the omelet with two eggs, and that didn't go so well. I had to put it through the cycle twice because the first time it didn't cook all the way through, and then it was a little dry. I'll try to experiment with it a bit, but that's not my favorite feature right now.<br/><br/>Haven't tried the poached eggs yet, but hoping that it works out well. Overall I'd still definitely recommend this appliance if you eat a lot of hard boiled eggs.
 I'm pretty happy with this purchase.  I like eggs, but don't want to fry them and have a lot of cleanup afterward.  Three eggs is my average serving size, but with this cooker I can spread eating 3 eggs throughout the day.<br/><br/>I don't pay strict attention to the instructions.  My preference is not to have an egg that is cooked so much that the yolk is like a bright yellow piece of chalk, but to have the yolk cooked very minimally.  I put more water in than needed and cook the eggs (3) for eight or nine minutes and then put them in a bowl and run cold tap water over them for a few minutes to stop the cooking process completely.  Then into the refrigerator for the next day.  It's easy to control the cook to your preference with a little practice.<br/><br/>Let's hope that this holds up over time.  Even if it had to be replaced every year, it would still be worth it to me.
 The product comes with a boiling tray that can seat up to six eggs. It also has a stem to pick the boiling tray up from the center so as not to come into contact with hot eggs or the hot plate. It has a water measuring cup with a pin in the base for poking a small hole in the boiled eggs. Finally, there is a plastic 2-egg poaching dish and a separate plastic omelette dish.<br/><br/>The way it works is you measure a certain amount of water and pour it onto the hot plate. The hot plate makes steam to cook the eggs. The steam is released through a small hole in the top of the lid. When you have the eggs prepared, you press a button on the front and the hot plate gets the water to boiling very quickly. When the water is evaporated, the buzzer sounds and your eggs are done.<br/><br/>1st try: Poached eggs - I lightly buttered the plastic poaching dish and put in two eggs. I did not break the yolks. I added the recommended amount of water for a hard poached egg (approximately half the measuring cup). Unfortunately when the buzzer rang, the eggs were still quite runny. I added another half-measuring cup of water. That hard-cooked the poached eggs. They will have water from the steam on them so you may want to dab that off with a paper towel before eating.<br/><br/>2nd Try: Omelette - This time I made my omelette with two scrambled eggs and some ham. I filled the measuring cup to full. The omelette was fairly well cooked and only mildly soft in a couple of places. The round shape made it perfect for a sandwich.<br/><br/>3rd try: Boiled eggs - This contraption makes a very good hard-boiled egg. Make sure that you watch the time however because my timer went off at just after the 9 minute mark with a full measuring cup of water. You can just add more water and turn the machine back on. You may have to wait a minute or two for the hot plate to cool down a bit otherwise the thermostat won't allow the plate to heat.<br/><br/>Cleaning: I wipe mine down right after use. Beware! The hot plate will give you a nasty burn if you don't let it cool down some. The plastic pieces clean up easily. Remember to lightly grease the plastic omelette and poacher trays before use.<br/><br/>Overall this unit does work. I took one star away because the recommended timing doesn't match the actual timing, meaning you have to experiment for awhile. I have used it five or six time so far and I like it.
 I thought my wife was crazy to want to spend $20 on an appliance whose sole responsibility is to hard boil eggs. I can do that same task in a pan on the stove and don't have to babysit it. But fine, being the good husband I am, I bought this for us to use so she could make hard boiled eggs too.<br/><br/>Man oh man was I ever wrong! This thing is wonderful to use and the eggs truly come out perfect every time.<br/><br/>The buzzer is more like a BUZZER!!!! You definitely won't have to worry about staying in the kitchen to hear it go off; I'm pretty sure my neighbors hear it.<br/><br/>With 6 eggs set to hard boiled, it does seem to take a LOT longer than the 4-7min the book says (if I recall correctly). It takes closer to 15min. This isn't a problem, just be prepared the first time you use it and let it cook until the buzzer goes off, the eggs will NOT be over cooked.<br/><br/>My wife also grew up eating soft boiled eggs in Germany and missed them, yet we never tried making them ourselves. The Dash Rapid Egg Cooker makes them with zero effort and they come out perfect too!<br/><br/>If you're hesitating, just buy it. We're not ones to throw our money away on frivolous purchases, but this was well worth the money!
 I bought this on a whim and have been pleasantly surprised by how easy it is to make perfect hard boiled eggs with it. I do have a few tips.<br/><br/> If you like the centers of your hard boiled eggs to be light and powdery, make sure you used the full amount of water and let the eggs sit for 3 minutes after the alarm goes off. My measuring cup has a little hole in it and some of the water dripped out the first time I made eggs. The eggs were fine, but had a darker center than I like.<br/><br/>The written instructions didn't say which way to place the egg after piercing the fat end. You want to put the egg with the pierced hole at the top. There was a separate picture sheet that showed this, but I didn't see it the first time.<br/><br/>After cooking, place the eggs in an ice water bath for 5 minutes or so. The shells will slide off easily.<br/><br/>Many people have commented on the alarm being obnoxious. Maybe mine is a newer model, but my alarm is more of a chime. It's loud, but not jarring or unpleasant. You want it to be loud because it doesn't automatically shut off and  you could have a mess if you forgot about it.<br/><br/>I haven't tried to make poached eggs or omelettes, so I can't comment on how they come out.<br/><br/>If you want to make hard boiled eggs that are easy to peel every time, this little gadget will not disappoint. Another plus is that it's small and all components fit inside, making it easy to store.
 I thought this was one of the silliest ideas I ever heard of. Why pay ~$20, for a gadget that could only cook six eggs, when I had pot that could cook 18 on the first layer?<br/><br/>But I read the reviews, and decided to buy one. I could always return it if I didn't like it.<br/><br/>I love it. Pour in the measured amount of water, poke holes in the eggs, set them on the egg holder, drop on the lid and push the button. Come back when it screeches at you. And EVERY ONE of those little buggers peels easily. LOVE IT!<br/><br/>The poacher works, and the omelet bowl makes decent scrambled eggs - just forget about making omelets.<br/><br/>I have read other reviews that claim the eggs are undercooked. Those ppl are either ignoring the instructions, or they live at high altitude, or their unit is defective.<br/><br/>There may be better ones on the market. Don't care. This one is cheap and works well. It's a keeper.
 Do you like EGGS? I mean do you really LIKE EGGS? Like not a casual fling with eggs but like a RIP ROARIN' TORRID NEVERENDING ROLLERCOASTER HOT STEAMY 50 SHADES OF EGG LOVE AFFAIR WITH EGGS? Well look no further cus this cheap plastic piece of crap that probably costs 40 cents to manufacture is your new best friend. It makes eggs real fast and real perfect. I was skeptical, but my first run produced six perfectly hard boiled eggs and the shells slid right off effortlessly like Shawn Kemp's breakaway sweats when he's done warming up. I mean these things are FLAWLESS. You poke a hole in those suckers, put em on the thing, dump some water in and put the cover on and before you know it you're screaming your ass off in delight at beautiful cooked eggs like Kevin Calabro going apes*&amp;t over a Ricky Pierce fadeaway jumper. Wanna do a Cool Hand Luke cosplay? This is your unit. Wanna eat eggs with the Big Unit Randy Johnson? THIS IS YOUR UNIT.
 I was so pumped when I got this. First couple of uses eggs came out great! Especially the hard boiled ones, but after a few uses it started leaking like crazy. I tried using less water, but it still leaks. It makes me nervous with it leaking water and being electrical. Will have to get rid of for safety.
 I never, ever thought I would buy an egg steamer. Until I started buying free-range eggs. I gave this one to my niece and she gave me the Deluxe 12-egg version. We both love them for hard-boiled, cage-free eggs that are so difficult to peel. I've used this twice now and it's great. The eggs cook quickly and almost all came out in one piece, without any dings. Both times I only had one egg that wouldn't peel. The second time I was even able to sneak an extra egg onto the top rack. Cons: 1. My unit is already water-spotting on the interior metal, which is addressed in the directions. 2. While all the parts stack together for storage, the outer parts do not snap together, and the cord can't be wrapped around the unit to hold everything together. It easily falls into pieces when putting it away. I solved this by using one or two long elastics. Depending on the length of the elastic, put one under one handle, bring it over the top knob, wrap it around once, bring it down under the other handle, tuck the cord under the elastic. Now it stays together in one piece. We absolutely recommend both units and would definitely buy again.
 This little egg cooker thing makes the best hard boiled eggs that I have ever come across. Let me give you a little background, I cannot make hard boiled eggs. I would either under cook them, smash the shells into the egg and just making a mess, or cause them to explode (yes its happened.) I just couldn't do it. I'm pretty sure the Hulk would be better at making hard boiled eggs AND peeling them, than I ever could. Until I got this little device. Oooooo man. Once I got the hang of it, I have made 6 PERFECT hard boiled eggs. The first two times, the eggs exploded because I pierced the wrong end of the egg.(Hint, pierce the larger side. Otherwise all of the insides come out.) Then I figured out that you really should just leave the eggs inside the steam for about 3 minutes after that horrid buzzer sounds, and then they are cooked perfectly.<br/><br/>Onto the buzzer problem. I had expected it to be ear-piercing loud. It's not THAT loud, but its jarring. My boyfriend and I stand around the egg cooker terrified of when it will sound. Its scary, I won't sugar coat it. I tried to see if there was a way to disconnect the buzzer, or at least muffle it, but I'd need heat proof tape for that. If I get around to it, I'll update it with what I found. But honestly, despite me having a heart attack every time the buzzer goes off, I would say its worth it to get this cooker. Let me say it again, 6 PERFECT hard boiled eggs. Definitely worth it if you eat a lot of eggs like me. Just buy ear muffs for the buzzer and you will be fine.
 This worked fine until this morning when the ON light would not come on.  However, both the cooking function and the alarm still worked.  My husband had to take it apart to replace the LED bulb - not a trivial task.<br/>Hint:  Peel off the label on the bottom to reveal the bolt that holds everything together... and good luck!
 Don't like it at all. I'm terrible at making hard boiled eggs and thought this would help but it doesn't. The eggs weren't cooked all the way. I tried to poach the eggs and that didn't go well either. Too runny. I waited too long and can't return it or I it would definitely go back.
 I love the color of this little guy. And the size. But the instructions and times are way off for everything but hard boiled eggs. My dad made brilliant soft boiled eggs every morning of his working life, by boiling them while he was in the shower. It was uncanny.<br/><br/>I have never made a decent soft boiled egg once in my life. Yolks are hard, or the whites are sputum. That's the long and the short of it. So, I thought for twenty bucks, I'd give this a try. With some egg-sperimentation, I managed to get an almost soft-boiled egg on the medium setting. The outer part of the white was hard, the inner part was mostly cooked except for some gross stuff right by the yolk, which was just warm enough to be good.<br/><br/>I'm going to keep trying, but I thought my neighbors might like a break from the buzzer. Holy moly, what a racket.
 These little egg cookers are fabulous.  Never overcook you hard boiled eggs again - or soft cooked or medium.  But better than that, it has a variety of uses.  It is my go to prep tool for par cooked vegetables iin casseroles or for omlets.  I also use it to steam 1 serving of vegetable to have with a whatever meat serving I am sauteing up on the stove.  But best of all, this device has elevated my weekday breakfast for meh to yum.  Saturday afternoon, I use it to steam a variety of veg that I enjoy in an omlette &amp; refrigerate in single serve containers for use for the rest of the week.  Each morning, I get up, start the coffee, slice some cheese if the mood moves me, dump the veg of the day in the bowl along with 2 beaten eggs &amp; set the cooker to do its thing using the maximum water amount.  As soon as the buzzer signals the end of the cook cycle, I pop the cheese on &amp; recover.  By the time the coffee is brewed &amp; the toast buttered, I also have a yummy omlette to enjoy as well.  Okay, it is strictly speaking not an omlette since it is not filled &amp; folded.  In that case, think of it as a steamed frittata.  Best of all, if I am in a hurry, I can turn it into a breakfast sandwich for on the go eating.  It also is wonderful for steaming a single portion of cod or a salmon steak.<br/><br/>There is only one drawback to this device.  The buzzer that sounds at the end of the cook cycle is enough to wake the dead.  It is not just this cooker, it seems to be all cookers.  It really is a small price to pay for such a handy device.
 I eat a lot of boiled eggs in lots of different ways.  I have lots of different methods for cooking them from stove top steamer (works great but does not have a timer and I sometimes forget to tell Alexa to start a timer for me when the water starts to boil, and sometimes I don't notice the water is boiling to tell Alexa to start a timer and my eggs are over cooked) to my Instant Pot (works great, but too much hassle to get out and put up...that thing is heavy!)  Picked this little gem on a Black Friday deal, and I am happy with the purchase.  I have used it several times now, and each time the eggs are cooked to perfection.  Not as happy with how they peel once cold, but they peel better when you follow the directions to put in ice bath, crack shell, put back into ice bath for a couple of minutes, then peel.  The timer is LOUD, you do not mistake it (scared me the first time I heard it).  I did use a Sharpie to highlight the measuring lines on the water cup to make them easier to see.  Yes, I recommend it if you are a forgetful cook like myself.  This is set and forget until it screams at you.
 My favorite thing to make is a Smoked Salmon Omelette:<br/>-2 large eggs (scrambled) with salt and dill to taste, and splash of cream (or half &amp; half)<br/>-1 oz shredded Smoked Salmon<br/>-1 oz Monterey Jack cheese<br/><br/>This is the solution I've been looking for!  My doctor insisted I start eating a low carb breakfast every day when he prescribed a new medication to control my blood sugar, which proved more difficult than I had expected.  My work schedule starts at 7:30am so it's hard to eat before I leave the house, and fast food doesn't offer much in the way of low carb options.  Enter the Dash Egg Cooker!  Now I can prep my breakfast the night before and cook an omelette, or steam a few "soft-boiled" eggs right at my desk!  It does take a little experimenting to figure out exactly how much water to use, but if it comes out under-cooked it's easy to add a little more water and let it cook a little longer.<br/><br/>I loved it so much, we bought a second one to keep at home!<br/>HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
 I AM IN LOVE!!!!  Being on a keto diet, eggs are essential.  I don't have a kitchen at work, so I've had to resort to cooking eggs in the microwave.  Hard boiling eggs in the microwave can be done, but it's tricky.  Most of the time they end up under cooked or over cooked and then they are a pain to peel.  Not with this baby!  I've used it three times now, twice with 4 eggs in it and once with 6 eggs in it, and they come out PERFECT!  EVERY. SINGLE. TIME!  You just put the water in the bottom, poke a hole in the egg with the tool provided and turn it on.  When the water evaporates, the buzzer goes off and you have PERFECTLY hard boiled eggs that peel off practically in a one piece shell!  Also included is an omelette tray and an egg poacher tray.  I haven't used those yet.  If you like deviled eggs or tuna fish and/or egg salad but don't make it enough because you hate the boiling and peeling of the eggs, you will NOT regret this little contraption!
 I bought this little egg cooker after reading some great reviews on it.  I had been wanting a poacher but liked the ability to make hard boiled eggs to have on hand.  I first did 6 hard boiled eggs  and was very pleased with the results.  I can now keep them ready to go in my fridge and they are cooked perfectly.  The poached eggs are great but you have to really pay attention to the water level you use in the little plastic measuring cup.  I have done just under the water line and had  runny yokes and then done a little over the line and the yokes were fully cooked so you can play around with that until you find the perfect egg for you.  My only wish is that the poacher could do 4 eggs at a time so if you have a guest eating with you one set of eggs didn't get cold while the other cooks.  I think this would be great for an on the go type of person or a college dorm.  I have thought about bringing it to my work and making eggs on my break.  Clean up is very easy.
 I'm so glad I decided to get this little cooker. Perfect for quick mornings when I don't have time. I just crack my eggs, put them in the tray, turn it on, and go about getting ready for work until the timer goes off. I'm not a fan of the timer sound - it's not pleasant, but then most timers aren't, I suppose. Either way, I definitely recommend it.
 Best. Boiled. Eggs. OfYourLIFE.<br/><br/>The scrambled/omelette and poached eggs are ok, but not anything spectacular. But the boiled eggs are amazing. If you are like me and either eat them on the go, or pack them as a snack, this little device is WORTH IT. If you don't eat eggs that much, or don't completely rush in the morning like me, then don't bother getting it.<br/><br/>In the morning, I wake up, quickly get this thing cooking and turn on my coffee maker, by the time I am done in the bathroom this thing is buzzing and letting me know to turn it off.
 I will admit that I bought this product during a sale and may not have pulled the trigger were it not deeply discounted...However, it has far exceeded my expectations and has, thus far, proven to be a little gem of an appliance that is worth more than I paid for it. I love eggs, especially "soft boiled" eggs (where the yolk isn't chalky), and even though I know I could theoretically make them just using a pot and some water, I seemed to never have time  or energy to get around to it regularly ... This little do-dad , however, is a game-changer for anyone who loves eggs. Thus far I've only used the hard or soft-boil methods (as opposed to the omelet or poaching plates) but it works great every time and the prep couldn't be easier. I probably use it 3-5 times a week to make two or more eggs that I nosh on for breakfast or a snack, or as a recipe component for a larger meal. Also, for those of you who pay for your own water bill, this device has the advantage of using steam, so you consume far less water than you would if you were filling up a pot to boil eggs the traditional way.
 I bought this item to use for hard boiled eggs. I make them frequently and I was not getting consistent results with my old stovetop method. This little cooker is very simple to use and makes perfect eggs!  I’m very happy with it. $16 well spent for this little bargain. It’s very cute, compact for storage and I love the retro aqua color.<br/>I had read reviews before I made my purchase and was prepared for a terrible, heart-stopping buzzer to indicate it had completed the cooking cycle but it didn’t make a sound. The instruction manual confirmed that a buzzer would alert me. So I called their customer service and was told that they have eliminated the buzzer because of complaints that it was too loud. This is the reason I’m only giving it 4 stars. I would have thought they could have changed to a buzzer that was a bit quieter rather than eliminating it completely. The alert sound would be helpful.
 I'm just piling onto the positive reviews here, but let me just reinforce the virtues of this awesome cooker:<br/><br/>- stink-free hard boiled eggs in 13 minutes<br/>- makes peeling hard boiled eggs easy without resorting to vinegar, ice baths, etc.<br/>- makes fluffy omelets that are far better than those in cooked in the microwave gadgets... in 5 minutes<br/>- tiny counter-top footprint<br/><br/>I could go on, but just buy it!  It's awesome.<br/><br/>This is now on my list of life changing devices: chop wizard, rice cooker, yankee apple peeler/corer/slicer, and egg cooker.
 I have had my Dash Go egg cooker for two weeks and have been using the $#!&amp; out of it. I love this little thing. It cooks up to 6 eggs at a time, and eliminates many questions, like "How long do I boil these eggs? Do i start the timer when i put them in the boiling water? Or after the water starts boiling again? Or do I start in cold water?"<br/><br/>Here's how it works. The alarm goes off when the water you put in boils away. If you are cooking more eggs or want the eggs cooked hard, then you use more water than if you're only cooking a couple of eggs and want them soft. So once you know how much water makes the eggs come out the way you like them, you are GOLDEN. You *never* have to wonder again! And there is no forgetting the eggs on the stove, either. The alarm on this thing is just hideous, and very loud. So it will tell you, and you will heed it. You will RUN to it the first time you hear it, promise. But you will not forget or ignore it.<br/><br/>The eggs come out perfectly clean, too. Super easy to peel, and I think the secret is that it comes with a little push-pin and you put a hole into the egg shell at the wide end of the egg. My personal theory is that allows steam to get in and it gets between the shell and the egg, allowing you to experience maximum peeling success with minimal shrapnel.<br/><br/>The takeaway from this last part is that if you are someone unlike yours truly, if you are someone who already knows how to boil eggs in a pot, you might not need this little appliance. Just poke a tiny hole in the wide end of the egg and see if that helps them peel better. But if you ARE like me and too dim to reliably boil eggs on the stove, but you really like boiled eggs? Then click this link and buy this critter!<br/><br/>The heating plate under the egg holder gets scrungy, even if you use filtered water like I do. I think it's egg sweat. But don't worry about it - it is not rust. Just scrub it a bit and poke the next half-dozen eggs.
 I. Love. This. Egg Cooker. Holy moly, this thing was worth every penny (and it was so cheap that there weren't many pennies!). Basically any modern nutritionist recommends that a person eat eggs, and especially the egg whites. I really only like eggs when they're hard boiled, but making them on the stove is the bane of my existence. It's much too complicated (imo) to watch a stove for a pot of water to boil, add the eggs, and in the end usually end up with greenish-tinged eggs that are impossible to peel. At one point I bought the pre-boiled eggs at the grocery store, but that got really expensive real fast.<br/><br/>What I love about this cooker: It's basically impossible for you to mess up your eggs. I like my eggs to be completely hard boiled, so I fill the cup up to the top line, and after the buzzer goes off I keep them cooking for about another thirty seconds. The buzzer is LOUD, which is extremely helpful if you're not in your kitchen while they cook--no worries about them getting overdone. The cooker can hard boil 6 eggs at a time, which I think is a good number since they do go bad after several days.<br/><br/>Helpful hint: After I puncture the eggs and start them cooking, I fill up a mixing bowl with cold water and stick it in the refrigerator for the entire time the eggs are boiling. After the eggs are done, I stick them in the bowl (still in the holder) for about 5 minutes, and then refrigerate them. When it comes time to peel them, the shell and that thin skin underneath come off super easily with this method.
 So, my wife and I eat hard cooked eggs on a regular basis. We have tried most every method we found. Certain cook times, cooling methods, covered, uncovered, fresher eggs, older eggs. And while some methods worked better than others, there was never a tried and true method that in every case produced perfectly cooked, easy to peel eggs on a consistent basis. Every time my wife cooked eggs, there would ALWAYS be such cussing that it would make a sailor blush. Then I found the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker !!! Bought it as somewhat of a gag gift for Christmas thinking she would get a kick out of it. Expected her to use it once, cuss loudly, and it would sit in the cupboard. BUT ALAS..... This works EXACTLY as it says. Use the cup to measure water, turn it on and presto !! Perfectly cooked, easy to peel hard cooked eggs. Every Time. Never Fails.<br/>As others have reported, the alarm does make a very loud screech when the eggs are done. But as opposed to the cussing from the wife, it is well worth it. And the neighbors are happier too!!!<br/>My wife turned around and bought her sister one after just a couple of uses, and she likes it as well.<br/>Have not tried other temps of eggs, or the omlete maker, so cannot comment on those functions.
 This does exactly what it says it will do. The eggs come out right (even though using the poker ruined two eggs today) all the time. Not much faster than normally boiling eggs. The poached egg part and water recommendation did not work that good. It just came out as a semi circle boiled egg so use less water for that.<br/><br/>The alarm is crazy annoying and will definitely get your attention. There is no way to turn it off unless you unplug it from the outlet. You would think that pressing the power button would do it but it does not.<br/><br/>Also it turns on as soon as you plug it in. So make sure not to plug it in without water while you are preparing the eggs.<br/><br/>Its basic. It feels cheap. And the button is a lie it does nothing. BUt it does the eggs just right and is not slower than normal boiling.<br/><br/>Edit: using the part for poached eggs is honestly weird and if you use less water it's just under done.
 okay, I always cook the hard boiled eggs on the stove for years. I wanted to try something new. This is perfect for just doing six eggs at a time. Great for use for two people households. The unit really works and I am so happy to have  this. Read all of the directions, I do leave my eggs in the cooker for one extra minute to make sure that the yokes are completely done. I made the egg salad recipe and it is so yummy. Tastes like Frisch;s egg salad. I love this little egg cooker and recommend you to buy it. Easy to assemble and clean.
 It was good for about six weeks.  In the beginning the alarm was REALLY REALLY LOUD.  The sound gets softer with each use.  By week six, no alarm.  Now I have to stand next to the cooker and watch the the eggs cook.
 I wanted an egg cooker like this to avoid having to watch a boiling pan of water, and free up a stove burner. It works, and my first batch of hard-boiled eggs came out perfect. However, the tedious part is pricking a hole in the egg shell. The first egg I tried crushed to pieces in my hand. I later learned to just lightly tap the piercer, then twist it in. Anyway, with one switch and a well-marked measuring cup, it worked well. The worst thing was the annoying buzzer! That shrill alarm (sounded like a smoke detector) went off when the eggs were done, but it kept on and on and on... my only recourse was to unplug it! I plan on finding whatever hole the alarm sound is emitted from, and cover it with tape to dampen the sound. All in all, though, for the price, this item is decent. I especially like the included recipes and instructions, refreshingly in accurate English, unlike most imported items. Worth the price.
 Really amazed how easy this is to use. There's a water cup with a little pinpoint on the bottom that you poke a hole in the bottom of the egg, then put them in the container, fill it with water with the water cup you just had in your hand, and press the button. That's it.  Clean up is just wiping off the plate with a wet paper towel and the eggs are perfect each time.
 I really like this egg cooker! The main benefit for me was the easy peel of the eggs. I eat hard-boiled eggs for breakfast and my frustration came with peeling them. Other than that I don't notice much of a benefit over regular boiling. If easy peeling comes with having ANOTHER appliance I say it is worth it for me. If you have no trouble in the peeling department but are just curious, I wouldn't bother. The taste and the consistency are the same. The 4 stars is because the alarm is DREADFUL!
 I eat hard boiled eggs practically everyday, and I love this little appliance. It is definitely in the top 3 of most used, favoritest appliances in my kitchen, behind the microwave and Magic Bullet. In the past when I boiled eggs, I’d sometimes get distracted, and the water would boil over. Now I set it and forget it.  There are 2 cons: First of all, I don’t like having to prick the hole in the eggs, and I’ve learned that it’s best to do so over the sink because every now &amp; again, one will break as I prick the hole. Secondly, the buzzer is really loud and obnoxious. On the other hand, I’ve fallen asleep waiting for my eggs to cook, and there’s no sleeping through this buzzer. Also, I find that it tends to undercook the eggs a little, and I like my hard boiled eggs cooked well done, however I have found that by adding a little more water than recommended, my eggs are perfectly cooked through. If you like hard boiled eggs and eat them frequently, you’ll love this appliance as much as I do.
 Ordered the Dash since my son did, and is really enjoying it (for his diet)!!  I decided to give it a try when it had a price drop!  Used it twice so far (recently delivered) seems to work fine!  We will see what this second batch of hard boiled eggs does--first one was Great!  I left them in about 2 minutes more after the buzzer came on!  The buzzer doesn't bother me at all--in fact its great that it has nice &amp; loud tone-especially with the TV's on!!<br/>Love that i now am not making a mess anymore--since its so hard to clean the round egg line in the pan-after boiling them!!!! * UPDATE:  *Checked the eggs for the 2nd time-came out soo perfect---shells come right off--i waited about 1 1/2-2 minutes after the timer went off--couldn't be more perfect!!! (Should be in a magazine)  Since i was only interested in perfect hard boiled eggs-love this great cooker-this is it!!!! Love it!!!  I'll try poaching another time! sure that will work also!
 Love this egg cooker for boiled eggs, not so much for poached since the shape of the poaching tray is weird and the eggs tend not to cook on top when using the poaching tray. But for boiled eggs, this little unit is absolutely amazing ! would recommend to anyone who needs to boil eggs. Comes with a little egg piercer and a little measuring cup to add water. I find that for the size eggs I buy (Large) The line on the cup is a bit high for my size eggs so I used a sharpy to make my own line through trial and error. After using the pierce tool and cooking my eggs they peel like a dream, shells come off with no effort at all. Beware the alarm for this when it is done, sounds like a Smoke alarm in a High school, there is no way you will miss, it, but it will also make you jump out of your shoes the first few times you hear it. 5 stars.
 Have you ever tried to make deviled eggs for a wedding or baby shower before and they’ve turned out terribly? Ladies you know what I mean, you take the eggs out of the pot you peel the eggs and the eggs start falling into pieces and sticking into the eggshell as a result the egg is destroyed and into the trashcan it goes. With the dash, deviled eggs can’t be messed up. I just had the best deviled eggs of my life and will probably make deviled eggs daily thank you Dash— thank you. All the think, that the only reason I purchased was because of the infomercial on the daily deals page. I’m really excited to see what Amazon has up their sleeve next so I know what other gadgets could be life-changing.
 This is really a really ingenious cooker for a single person.  I've always liked poached eggs but they are such a mess and you have to be very diligent with its cooking process.  This little cooker does it perfectly with no fuss, no hassle!  And what a easy  way to hard boil up to 7 eggs!  There are two suggestions that I would make:  1.  Make the omelet and poached egg dishes teflon (I wouldn't mine the extra expense) because it's a hassle to oil the dishes and even then some of the egg sticks(I really like teflon when cooking eggs!).  2.  What everyone was complaining about "THAT AWFUL SCREECHY BUZZER!!!"  Didn't the people at their R&amp;D notice it's VERY ANNOYING?  However I fixed the problem, I took the bottom off (one little nut at the center of the bottom) I then cut one of the white wires leading to the round black buzzer and now, voila no buzzer.
 You need this but may not realize it yet. I saw something similar on TV and found this for only $20 on Amazon and decided to give it a try. I like medium- and hard-boiled eggs but find it a pain to boil an entire pot and have to babysit them so they don't overcook. Therefore, I don't make them as frequently as I would like.  I use this cooker at least once, sometimes twice, a day. It's ridiculously easy to boil or poach eggs just like you want them. It's also great at making a small omelet and for steaming vegetables. I have a full size steamer but only use it to cook enough to feed a small village. With this thing, I can cook a single portion in a few minutes.  While it can be annoying, I appreciate the alarm.  The alarm is as loud as an air raid siren and sounds like it's signaling the apocalypse, but it lets you know the eggs/vegetables are done. The alarm continues to sound until you unplug the cooker.  The cooker shuts off when all the water has steamed away so there's no risk of burning it up or starting a fire.
 I just got my rapid egg cooker today and I can tell already I will love it! I’m a huge hard boiled egg fan but I can never make the perfect hard boiled egg (when I make them on the stove I always end up over cooking them). This cooker gave me the perfect hard boiled egg and it was so easy. For those that purchase this you will see some rust colored minerals on the heating of after you get done cooking your eggs, don’t worry, it’s just the minerals in your water, it is not rust! (It explains that to you in direction guide). Over all I’m happy with this egg cooker so far and can’t wait to use it for omelettes.
 I really like hard-cooked eggs, but my egg-cooking fails are frequent...and frustrating. I saw a review of this little appliance and decided to try it. I'm so glad I did; it is just perfect for me. The various cooking inserts offer surprising versatility in preparation methods. The most-used feature for me right now is the "boiling" of the eggs. The cooking stage—soft, medium, or hard—is determined by how much water you add to the appliance. So far, I've found the cooking times to be consistent and accurate. The unit has an automatic cut-off feature when the cooking time is complete. I am in the process of downsizing my kitchen, so adding a new appliance seems counterintuitive. This small appliance is so versatile and such a time- and frustration-saver that it has easily earned its place on my shelf.
 Where was this a million almost-cooked-through-eggs ago?? I can't tell you the number of times I have boiled eggs in water on the stove only to crack one open and realize the yoke is not cooked through! Or I've cooked them way too long trying to ensure they're cooked all the way through, only to have the the pretty, yellow yokes turn gray and crumbly. Frustrating for egg lovers until buying this!! I LOVE this egg cooker! It is literally one of my most favorite kitchen items I've ever owned. It's so easy! This is our process to getting perfect boiled eggs every single time...<br/><br/>1. Fill up the small plastic container of water to the top -- not just the fill line and pour into the metal base. Set black tray on base.<br/>(When we fill it to the fill line the yokes weren't cooked completely through.)<br/>2. Put eggs in upside down (narrow top part of egg goes down on the tray)<br/>3. Prick the top of each egg with the puncture tool<br/>4. Put lid on top and push the button<br/><br/>When time is up, a loud buzzer goes off and doesn't quit until you push the button again. (This is the only change I would make -- it needs the buzzer but then like an auto turn off after 2 or 3 seconds). I let the eggs sit for a couple minutes or until I'm ready. Then I put them in a ceramic bowl in my fridge to use at my leisure throughout the next few days. With a family who loves eggs, we use this at least once a day, sometimes more. And every time the eggs come out perfectly.<br/><br/>(Another thing I love about this is that it lets me make deviled eggs super fast for dinner. Usually for deviled eggs you have to plan time ahead. With this, I can have them done in about 15 minutes. Cook the eggs, slice and mix yokes with a few ingredients to make the filling, fill egg whites with mixture and ta-da! Deviled eggs with dinner!)
 Back in the late 70s, I was gifted with a great product called the, ‘Eggcetera’. I loved it. It cooked two eggs perfectly: soft or hard boiled and even poached them. It was compact and easy to clean. It was the perfect sized appliance for a single person or a couple.<br/>Well, inevitably, the poor thing wore out. For some reason the manufacturer no longer produced it (!!). I went back to the cumbersome (to me) method of cooking eggs in hot water. I searched hi and low for another Eggcetera but always seemed to just miss the last one for sale in all the usual places.<br/>I really didn’t want to buy a multiple egg cooker, I live by myself and couldn’t see getting a 7 egg cooker when I only wanted to cook 1 or 2 eggs. And there was the size factor, who wants a large unwieldy item on their counter?<br/>Reluctantly I purchased the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker,<br/>after all it can cook up to 7 eggs, surely that’s a clunky appliance right there, right? WRONG!!<br/>This is the cutest appliance I have ever seen! It is much smaller than could ever be believed, yet it can cook up to 7 eggs at one time. But better than that: not only can you soft or hard boil your eggs, and poach them- you can also make omelettes in this. Now, if you are thinking these omelette are flat, tortillas like, you will be delighted to know the omelette come out incredibly fluffy.<br/>To top it off, it is soooo easy to clean. I have to admit, my poor Eggcetera has been surpassed.<br/>If you are looking for a very versatile egg cooker that is super easy to use, is supremely easy to clean, and has a very small footprint on your counter ( it’s smaller than my toaster!), you need the Dasher Rapid Egg Cooker.
 A lot of people have had issues with this not making certain types of eggs, which I initially found true. However, after switching to smaller eggs, the issues for poached and omelettes has resolved. Personally, I just make soft boiled eggs, and they're perfect! My trick is grab some tongs and immediately grab the eggs when the buzzer dings and place them into a bowl of cold water, otherwise they will continue to cook. Its pretty fool-proof, honestly. Also, I use a kitchen timer, not the machine.
 Great cooker for boiled eggs, but horrible for poaching and omelette. Been playing with the water proportion, time cooking but impossible to get poached eggs. They are either over cooked or if using the timer and measures in the instructions it’s barely cooked except for the outside.
 I haven’t been able to make perfectly peeled eggs in decades and this did it on the first try.  That was a huge surprise. I honestly bought this expecting to return it.  I  have not eaten boiled eggs in years because they’re such a nuisance to cook and peel.  But the Keto websites were raving over it. So I figured why not. The beeping noise, yes it’s pretty loud. But It doesn’t sound like a fire alarm. It’s more like a Amber Alert on your phone. However you can’t leave eggs cooking forever. And the whole point of owning a machine like this, is so you can walk away from it and be distracted with something else for a few minutes. So I like that it alerts me.  And besides which it only takes 7-12 minutes to cook eggs,  so you’re expecting the noise.<br/>All in all I’d say if you don’t eat eggs because they’re such a nuisance to peel, I would buy this because it’s a game changer.
 I use jumbo eggs and can only fit 5 at a time and still close the top properly, but they do come out perfect every time.  I tried poaching and wasn't impressed and have not tried the omelette tray, but that's not what I bought it for.  I was having a heck of a time peeling hard boiled eggs and this thing makes perfect peelable hard boiled eggs.  Fresh or old, no salt, no vinegar, no magic incantations, just perfect peelable hard boiled eggs.  I do put them in a bowl of cold tap water, no ice - just right from the faucet, to cool down before peeling.  Haven't tried burning my fingers on hot eggs to prove whether this helps peeling or not.  The steamer does make an incredibly irritating buzz when the eggs are done.  You just push the same button to turn it on to turn off the buzzer and steamer.  No need to unplug.  I don't think the steamer automatically cuts power to the heating elements when the buzzer goes off because I tested the unit by adding more water to it when the tray went dry and the buzzer went off.  The buzzer went silent and the fresh water started to boil within a minute.  The blue light never went off.  I suppose the blue light and buzzer might be time delayed and go off after a while but I can't handle the buzzer to check that out.  So the steamer could be a fire hazard if left unattended.  I think this is an issue the manufacturer should address more clearly and should be fully explained in the description of the item.  It would be nice if you knew it were like a toaster that makes a noise and shuts itself off.
 This is a cute little egg machine.  I bought it mainly to hard boil eggs as often shells are hard to peel.  Plus, if eggs are overcooked they are green inside and are too hard-boiled.  I am on my second batch of hard boiled eggs now, and I love it.  The eggs peel beautifully without pulling off the egg white.  Also, they come out a nice yellow color inside.  Once the buzzer goes off, I shut it off and take the eggs out using the handle on the egg holder and put them in cold water to stop the cooking.  Then, they go into the egg carton and into the fridge for use as needed.  Before this, I didn't eat many hard boiled eggs because I was so frustrated peeling them and knowing how long to cook them and getting them under or over cooked.  Problem resolved.  There is a little brown residue left on the heating element when concluded, but a little water and a magic eraser sponge cleans it off with ease.<br/><br/>I haven't used the egg poacher of omelette maker yet, but look forward to doing that.  I bought this mainly to do hard boiled eggs, and for that alone it is worth the small space it takes in your cupboard.  Eggs are an awesome food with easily digested protein, and a hard boiled egg makes for a great snack.  Enjoy!!
 This little gadget has become my best friend. I bought it on a whim, never expecting it to become my standby! I bought this about a month ago and have used it almost everyday. It "boils" the eggs perfectly. I like my eggs done "medium" ; and that's how they come out. I have also made hard cooked eggs, which also came out perfectly .... also.... they peel easily!!! What more could you want?  I have not tried poaching an egg, nor have I tried making an omlette, but if those functions work half as well as the "boiling" does - they'll do fine. The little machine is very easy to clean. Just wipe dry with a paper towel.<br/>The only negative is that when the eggs are ready it sets off a tone that is very like the old Emergency Broadcast tone, and it is loud enough to wake the dead!! Your eggs won't ever get overcooked with that noise going on.<br/>Yes, I love my Rapid Egg Cooker and have no hesitation in recommending it.
 Not sure if I received a dud or not, but I poked the holes in the bottom of the eggs with the pin thingie. Placed poked hole side up in cooker. filled cup to hard boiled line. Followed all instructions. Super annoyingly loud buzzer goes off after way longer than 7 minutes. Put 3 eggs in the thing and all still runny in the middle. So tired of ordering things that I think will make my life easier, waiting for the order, reading instructions, tearing the packaging down, and then being disappointed after first use. I better have gotten a dud, because if I didn't these reviews may be fake. Shame on me, $20 or whatever I spent on this junk, directly to the trash. Back to a pot and boiling water for me. Usually the simple old fashioned way ends up just being the best way I'm finding.
 I live alone and I like to have multiple options for cooking, especially breakfast.  I also have a tiny kitchen so this equally tiny egg cooker is perfect for me.  I've only used it a few times but so far it's done everything I've asked of it and I can say that today was the best yet when I used it to poach two eggs.  I did not use cooking spray or oil to coat the egg poacher as instructed and that was my fault and the eggs did not come out easily but I used a small plastic spatula to get them out and they came out good enough and were great!  Lesson learned, always use a little oil to coat the poaching and omelet containers.  Making boiled eggs using steam was straight-forward although I don't know why they say to use the included device to make a tiny hole in one end of the eggs but again that is not a big deal.  Overall I'm pleased with my purchase.
 We eat a ridiculous amount of hard boiled eggs in our house.  This little egg cooker is fantastic.  Two issues from other reviews concerned me:<br/>1. The noise it makes when it's done cooking.  Yup!  It's very loud and very, very annoying.  Nothing can be done about it lets move on...<br/>2. Eggs aren't cooked completely.  In our experience, put in slightly more water than is recommended.  It appears that the unit cooks till the water is gone.  More water = more cook time = perfect eggs.  You might have to experiment a little with your cooker to get the system down perfect.
 I've had this egg cooker for about 6 months now, and I like it a lot.  It is simple and quick.  Some people complain about the loud buzzer.  It is loud, but you can turn it off with a quick touch of the button.  Also, unlike the previous brand I had, I can hear the buzzer in another room, so I don't have to stand around in the kitchen and wait for the eggs to be ready.  The one thing I would change is that it cannot cook more than 4 jumbo eggs at once.  They just will not fit.  So I do four jumbos or six large.  And I am happy with the way the eggs come out.  Usually easy to peel.  And having this is much better than wondering why the house smells awful because we forgot we were cooking eggs in a pan! When the pan goes dry and the eggs start burning, it is not a happy experience.  No such problems with the Dash Cooker.<br/>Good product.
 My partner loves eggs so I got this to make him lunch. It makes boiled eggs perfectly. The yolk isn’t too runny and it’s never grayish-green.<br/><br/> My only issue is I’m not a fan on how it poaches eggs. It turns into a lump and isn’t as soft and creamy as if you were to just stir water in a pan and dump em. But that’s not the products fault, it’s just me being picky. I also noticed that the poached eggs don’t cook equally when using both slots. Make sure to grease the pan as egg was annoying to get off.<br/><br/>I used to boil my partner’s hard boiled eggs in water with some vinegar. I read online as this helps the egg shell come off. The fresher the egg, the more difficult the egg shells come off and we eat fresh farm eggs. The shells are VERY difficult to peel using the Dash Rapid Cooker. I’m afraid if I use vinegar, it will affect the metal/stainless steel or whatever material the water chamber is made of.
 This is my egg go-to! I love that I can start it and walk away.  No more eyeing the stove for those perfect hard-boiled eggs. I cook four eggs almost every morning while I'm getting the kids up and ready to go out the door.  Alarm goes off, I grab my eggs and go out the door. Easy easy easy.<br/><br/>I'd give it five stars, except sometimes my husband manages to screw up his eggs by putting too many in or not using the right amount of water.  You do have to kind of 'figure' out exactly how much water you prefer for your favorite eggs.  There is a measuring cup that comes with it, but we have found it's not exactly right all the time.
 Be still my heart! I love this machine! I have given everyone in the family and friends this egg cooker. It is great! I only wish that I had had this sooner. Since I purchased this I make eggs several times a week. I purchase in the be-u-tiful red color and just leave it on the counter. When I first got it i was worried about puncturing the egg.  Now I use this easy way: hold egg in left hand, (I am right handed)  large end up, place hand with the needle in it braced on hand with egg and in a rocking movement tip the needle into the top of the egg. The hole is not noticeable. But it will be there, I also, place the cover (NOT LOCKED) so that the vent hole is between two eggs. When finished cooking remove lid (watch steam) place rack with eggs into sink and run cold water over while cracking. Then peel. They peel very easily. You will love this product.
 I was pleasantly surprised at how small the cooker is. It holds up to 6 eggs, as described, but takes up way less counter/storage space than I anticipated, so I'm happy.<br/><br/>I've only used it three times - got it yesterday - and it made two batches of perfectly runny soft boiled eggs, and a batch of hard boiled eggs with no gray ring around the yolk and firm but tender whites.<br/><br/>The alarm to let you know it's done is loud, but it's a cheerful chime,so it's startling but not frightening,like a buzzer would be.<br/><br/>I'm concerned about the longevity of the cooker,but since I got it for under $20 on sale, even a year would be excellent value.<br/><br/>I hope to try the poached egg option and the enclosed frittata recipe soon.
 I bought this item for work to hard boil eggs, that will be used in chef salads.  The salads are prepared in a different area so we were constantly imposing on the kitchen just to boil a few eggs.  The oven has four burners and can become crowded quickly.  Fast Forward...<br/>I have now purchased 8 more for people at work who were amazed how simple it is to use and easy to clean.  The old way of using an entire pot of water to boil eggs is now down to a few table spoons.  Frittata's are my personal favorite. We've used spinach, tofu, zucchini, mushrooms, broccoli etc. to make quick, healthy delicious meals.<br/>More recently discovered I could scrape out a Portobello mushroom place rounded side down and pour two well beaten eggs into it.  Cooked, placed a slice of swiss on top and splashed with balsamic vinegar after the cheese melts. YUM!<br/>It will also handle halves of baby red potatoes, yam discs (about 1/4"), green beans, brussel sprouts.<br/>Went from trying to stay out of the cooks way to ordering one of these for our cook!<br/>I only hesitate returning it to work because I use it so often at home and if anyone sees it I'll probably have to take the time to order another one.<br/>Almost forgot, the poached eggs turned out beautiful.
 BEST. INVENTION. EVER. Especially for the price. Recommended on a podcast as a great gadget to solve the egg-cooking problem. Love hardboiled eggs, but the process is painful without this little wonder. With this gadget, it's super simple and uses a minimal amount of water. I cooked 4 1/2 dozen eggs in rapid succession and every time, they cooked and peeled perfectly. If you are a busy cook, frustrated by eggs that don't peel well after hard-boiling, no matter what you do - GET THIS NOW!! I can't say enough good things about it. Best $20 purchase EVER for the kitchen!!
 So this is the 3rd rapid egg cooker I've purchased. I give them as gifts and would straight up break some bodies knee caps if they tried to steal mine. My family of four's hard boiled egg consumption is concerningly high since buying this but until a cholesterol test on my 5 year old puts an end to our fun we are riding this dream as far as it takes us. Also be warned if you buy 3 of these Amazon starts suggesting you buy every egg product ever created but honestly it is worth it.
 Used it for 1st time today and cooked 6 perfect hard boiled eggs. Took 15 minutes before alarm went off and then we let eggs sit in cooker for about 10 more just because we weren't in any hurry and wanted to make sure they were done. Same as we do when we cook them on the stove. Then I put them in a bowl of cool water for a couple minutes and we peeled them. They were much, much easier to peel than eggs from a pan. My hub had no trouble piercing the egg shell with the tool but I will have to get used to that myself. I was worried about breaking the eggs and cracked the shells also in addition to piercing them but we cooked them anyway and they turned out fine. The alarm was loud but but is not intolerable to us. I like how it goes off until you turn it off.<br/><br/>The only complaint I have is the box we received was torn, see pic, so if I had been giving this as a gift I would have had to return and order another.
 It is a convenient and easy way to hard boil eggs, but does nothing that you can't do with a pot and a burner. Seems to be mostly error proof, though if you don't use enough water you will get soft-boiled eggs, which might be what you want. Alarm is easy to hear from another room. It is small and doesn't take up much space (6 egg version). I've eaten a lot of eggs lately -- it has that affect on you. Should last forever. I would not use it to make Deviled eggs. For that, it is easier to boil 12 or 18 at a time. The eggs are no easier to peel using this cooker, indeed it is considerably worse than boiling eggs the usual way followed by a 20-minute ice bath and then peeling. With the cooker, it is hard to get a perfect peel. But for everyday eating, it's very convenient.
 I have used this little appliance every day since receiving it.  I chose the white, and it looks perfect in my kitchen.  Looks like a little toy instead of an appliance.  Oh, my.  I have eggs every day now.  Love the hard-boiled and also the poached on toast.  I made one omelet and didn't care for it because the condensation makes the omelet a little watery.  I have not messed up one single egg while peeling using this product.  I've seen the reviews that say you need to peel them immediately, etc., but I have found that they peel perfectly whether cool or hot.  Eggs are such a wonderful source of protein (and lecithin from the yolks).  I'm so happy with mine that I ordered one for my sister and sister-in-law, and they've been raving about theirs, too!
 What a time saver this is. No more boiling eggs on the stove for me. I had basically stopped making hard boiled eggs because I was never sure if they were done, overdone or not completely cooked. I poked the bottom (large end) of the eggs as instructed. The instructions say how much water to add in the bottom. Since I was doing 6 eggs it said it would cook them for 16 minutes based on the amount of water you added. Placed the eggs in the rack and covered them with the lid. Do not lock the lid while using. When the buzzer went off I removed the eggs and then immediately dropped them into an ice bath for 15 minutes.Next came the part I always dreaded; trying to get the shells off without pieces of shell sticking to the egg because the membrane is stuck to the egg. Boy was I in for a pleasant surprise. The shells came off with no problem whatsoever. Yes, I am in love with this egg cooker and will now make hard boiled eggs more often.
 Im very happy with this product.  My wife likes hard boiled eggs and all the reviews tell you how great this is for that.  I prefer medium boiled eggs where the yolk is liquid but the whites are firm.  This is great for that!  You may have to tinker with the amount of water you use and how long you let the eggs sit after the timer goes out, but once you find out what works for you its fantastic!  The omelet feature is good- the omelet tastes good and is convenient but in my opinion looks unappetizing.  While medium boiled eggs are my favorite, sometimes I will make a feta omelet and it is great on a bagel for an egg sandwich- but if I had to put the egg hockey puck on a plate it just isn't appealing to eat.  I had high hopes for the poaching feature but each time it ended in complete disaster and I would not recommend this product for that.
 I saw this come up as an Amazon deal.  I have to admit that I didn't even know these things existed - it wasn't a big investment though, decent reviews, so why not?  This little machine is amazing!  It does make a pretty loud noise when the eggs are done, I equate it to a tea pot whistle.  My family loves deviled eggs, but I hate making them.  This makes it so insanely easy!  My family of 4 when through 2 dozen eggs in 24 hours of receiving this little gem.  Happily, our egg consumption has not continued at the same rate.  Buy this, you will love it.  Don't lose the little water measuring/egg piercing thing though or you will be very sad.  I have not used the poacher or omelette maker so can't comment on that part of it, I have made 1 - 6 eggs soft and hard boiled though and this thing is great!
 This seems like a great egg cooker. It does everything it needs to do, but we often cook eggs while getting ready in the morning and aren't always around to monitor the process. This egg cooker emits the most annoying buzzer that reminded us of the emergency broadcast system buzzer they used to play on tv or radio in case of a natural disaster. The sounds does not turn off by itself and was so loud it made my three year old cry. We had to return it. Other than that, seems to work fine.
 I read all the reviews and bought this model primarily because of the loud buzzer when done (and boy is it loud!).  Also got one for my mother.  We have never been able to peel eggs with more ease!  Really!  I couldn't believe that for this price it would work so well for peeling hard boiled eggs - I even recommended to a neighbor who has chickens, and they ordered one the same day and gave it the true test by using with eggs laid the same day (eggs usually won't peel unless at least 2-3 weeks old).  They couldn't believe it worked and then recommended to their friends with chickens.  A couple of pointers - if your eggs are really large and your want to ensure your hard boiled eggs are cooked 100% (no "spot" in the middle), use a tad bit more water than recommended.  And also, if using 2 eggs when making an omelette, you'll need to stir a bit when the buzzer goes off, add more water, and then cook another round in order to make sure your eggs are not runny.  Haven't tried poached or soft boiled yet.
 I eat a lot of hard-boiled eggs and was looking for a quick and easy way to cook them that didn't use a lot of energy or space and was easy to clean-up. This cute, little, unassuming device is the perfect solution! Set it and forget it and when it's done, turn it off, let it sit for one minute, and then put the eggs in a bowl of ice water. The eggs are cooked perfectly and peeling is a breeze.<br/>Clean-up is simple and painless. Just rinse off the top and tray and wipe off the stainless steel plate with a wet paper towel or cloth. Any tougher spots or hard water come right off with vinegar and a little elbow grease. It has such a small footprint that I can use and not get in the way of other food prep. I have used a couple of times per week since I received it and I haven't had a single egg crack open.<br/>I haven't used the omelet or poaching trays, so I cannot comment on those features. I only bought it to easily boil eggs and this device has far exceeded my expectations.
 I don't know how I lived without this little gadget before. It's total footprint is probably 6x6x6 inches. It comes with a measuring cup to measure the correct amount of water, depending on how hard or soft you want your eggs cooked. When the water is gone (maybe 10-12 min) it buzzes to let you know it's done. No cracking eggs with egg white leaking out, no forgetting you have eggs on the stove, no scuzzy saucepan to wash, and the eggs are EASY to peel after. Even the very fresh ones. Love it so much I bought one for my mom. The only downside is the alarm. It is loud and doesn't shut off automatically. You have to get up and turn it off. Why not just make it buzz for a few seconds, then automatically turn off the noise and the unit?
 I've been wanting an egg cooker for a while and finally broke down and bought one. I splurged the couple extra dollars to get the green one. This came nicely boxed with an egg tray, an omelette tray, and a poached egg tray. There is also a handle for the egg tray and the domed lid. I made 6 large eggs the first time around, and they came out perfectly. The buzzing sound from the finish alarm was louder than I thought it would be. I suggest that you take the time to read the manual that comes with it. I like my eggs to be hard boiled, so I followed the instructions to leave them for an extra minute before putting them in an ice bath. As this is a nice small model, storing it is no problems and all of the extras fit inside and the lid has a twist style lock to it so everything stays together. I recommend this product.
 I wasn't sure if this would work but it does the job even better than I expected.  I tried one of those silicone egg cookers and found it cumbersome, unwieldy and time consuming. Since I am eating so many eggs these days, I decided to give the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker a try.  I was very pleasantly surprised. making soft or hard boiled eggs is a breeze and omelettes turn out wonderfully.  Even though the instructions say to spray the little pan, I haven't yet and the eggs just slip right out - no sticking (except maybe for cheese).  Even with cheese, the clean-up is done in no time. The only minus is that the timer buzzer scares my dogs.  Through trial and error, I've learned how to adjust the amount of water I use since I usually cook extra large eggs. The makers may want to add some markings and/or information about that in the future.  As I said, I am VERY HAPPY with this product - I even plan on taking it with me on vacation to make quick an easy breakfasts, etc in my RV.
 This is a one hit wonder, but man, has it changed how many eggs we eat, how we eat them and how often we eat eggs. It has one downside, and that is the buzzer literally sounds like the national emergency broadcast system sound when that sucker goes off and you will let go some pee as you are informed your eggs are perfectly done. Everyone in 100 feet will also know your eggs are done. Get an egg topper if you go for soft or medium eggs. Love the thing except for the buzzer.
 Ok. So here I am. I am the type of person to buy a gadget and try to justify spending the money on it later.<br/><br/>I bought this little egg cooker hoping it would work as advertised. Let me tell you something. It does! It's really simple! And the eggs peel easier than if I had put them in a pot to do it. I usually make hard boiled eggs so can't comment on the medium or soft boiled versions. I got carried away with how well this thing worked I made 72 hard boiled eggs. Egg salad sandwich anyone?<br/><br/>Happy!
 Overall, I love this product! It's a handy little egg cooker that is small, compact and convenient. The design of the product is very sharp and eye-catching. I love how small and easy-to-store it is. I do, however, wish that it was made with a bit more of a sturdy material. When I took it out of the box, I was slightly disappointed with the quality of the product. It feels like a cheap plastic, which made me feel like I was unboxing a child's play toy, rather than a grown up cooking appliance.<br/><br/>However, I will say this product works great. I've made omelets, poached eggs and hard boiled eggs. All have tasted great and are super easy to make. It truly is a set it and forget it type of appliance. It comes with a little measuring cup that tells you how much water to put in for what you're making. I will say, after a few tries, I've noticed I need to put in a bit more water than the recommended amount. Otherwise, the eggs come out runny and slightly undercooked. Additionally, be forewarned...this appliance let's off a timer the sound of a fire alarm. First time I heard it I about had a heart attack.<br/><br/>Overall though, I love this product and it gets the job done in minutes.
 I never would hv thunk it!... boiling eggs is easy right.  This thing lives up to its claims. For me, most gadgets dont deliver on their purpose that would make you say .."now thats really worth it"  This thing is small yet u can do up to 6 eggs at a time... quickly and to the doneness u want...Easy to clean.  Easy to peel eggs...Easy to set and walk off untill u hear steady beep that its done.  even starts up beep again until u reset it  to remind u order up!!!  Havent tried omelet style much but its ok..stills set and walk off...claims it will do fish and other things...not sure i want to junk it up doing that.  Like another reviewer said..."its earned a place on my counter" I got it on sale so it was an easy try for me... not sure of longevity yet
 This is the best egg cooker I’ve ever owned. It’s simple but very effective. It cooks the eggs perfectly every time, and I find that if I make all 6 I eat them every time versus throwing away unused raw eggs that get old. It’s very rudimentary. You poke a hole in the top of the egg, add amount of water to get desired yoke firmness and snap on the lid. It comes with a little cup with marks for water and it has a little needle at one end so it’s all in one. There is a little tray to make mini omelette/ scrambled eggs which I haven’t tried.  It’s also small and takes up very little space on my counter.My only complaint is the shrill sound it makes when the water has cooked off and eggs are done.
 LOVE this product! Right off the bat I made 3 perfect hard boiled eggs, although I think I would have to steam them longer if I cooked more eggs at once. After a dunk in an ice bath the shells came off unbelievably easily. I did add a little more water than the line on the provided water cup suggested to get the eggs to the right consistency after the alarm went off the first time but it’s still better and easier than any other hard boiling method I’ve tried...you just have to fiddle with the water to get it just right! Have since successfully made plenty of soft and medium boiled eggs as well.<br/><br/>The omelette component works as expected. First 3 photos are of 2 egg onion, ham and cheese omelettes. When cooking I added water up to the hard boiled egg line and then refilled once up to the soft boiled line to achieve the consistency I wanted since I like well-done omelettes.<br/><br/>When trying the poaching feature for the first time I once again used more water than the suggested amount since that’s what seemed to work for the other features. Additionally, I made sure that the sides were well coated with non-stick cooking spray and this seemed to ensure that the poached eggs did not stick to the sides! A solid coating of non-stick spray is a must or they may get stuck in to the plastic. If you find the poaching feature difficult to work with then soft boiled eggs are insanely easy to make with this machine and require no cooking spray.<br/><br/>After reading reviews I didn’t think the alarm was quite as loud as described but I’m still glad I was prepared for it. You can simply push the button to make the alarm stop and don’t have to unplug the machine.<br/><br/>Highly recommend this product, especially if you’re on the fence about it! Very compact and easy to store and frees you up to do other things while cooking.<br/><br/>UPDATE: Still love the product. One of the best Amazon purchases I’ve ever made! If you like eggs this is a must-buy. All features work as described, although you may find yourself needing slightly more water than the provided measuring cup suggests.
 I was very excited to get this egg cooker and start using this. I like having eggs in the morning but constantly having to watch the stove while trying to get ready or do other things can be a hassle.<br/><br/>Pros: works GREAT for hard boiled eggs. I was amazed at how perfectly the eggs came out and the best part was I didn’t have to keep time for a pot on the stove.<br/><br/>Cons: the timer that tells you when it is done cooking is VERY loud and obnoxious. Also, I have used the “omlette” dish a few times now and I am rather disappointed. It does not cook the eggs thoroughly. I followed the directions and put the right amount of water in, but every time the eggs come out undercooked in the middle and over cooked on the outside edges.<br/><br/>I have not used this for poached eggs yet (I don’t really care for them), but I will probably just stick to using it for hard boiled.
 I can't think of any negatives about this cooker. It makes PERFECT soft boiled eggs every time. I haven't much explored the omelet or poached egg capabilities but boy can it do  boiled eggs. Once I determined how much water to use for my preference (soft yolks but not runny) it has been a snap. Some raters complain about the little hole maker. It works just right for me - haven't had any accidents. Since I'm not doing many omelets or poached eggs there is minimal cleanup. It would take too long to cook a good amount of omelets or poached eggs (and too much more cleanup).  Drop the cooked boiled eggs into a bowl of cold water and the shells practically peel themselves. For me, it's the square peg perfectly fitted into the square hole. Hope it holds up with use.
 I was kind of excited to get this.  I have mastered eggs in every fashion but it is time consuming.  A quick egg cooker would have been nice during the week.  Test 1: soft boiled.  In each test I used grade A large eggs.  The soft boiled eggs came out underdone twice.  The whites were still runny.  Cooked 3 eggs at a time for the test.  Test 2: poached.  When I started this test I noticed how thick the poaching tray was.  The steam would cook the egg top down and I bet myself that the top would be overdone and the bottom would be raw.  That is exactly how it came out.  Poor design.  I have stopped the testing there and assume that it will do hard boiled.  I doubt it will do it as good as a sauce pan but that is neither here nor there.  Bottom line, this cooker just can't get it right.  Im thinking lots of these ratings are bots.
 Okay... I'm actually OBSESSED with this rapid egg cooker!! I bought the CHEAPEST one I could find (this one) and it works like an expensive appliance.<br/><br/>I like my sleep. A lot. So I do not give myself a ton of time to cook and eat breakfast in the mornings. But with this, I can hop out of bed, throw my eggs however I want them that morning in this beauty, and go get ready! No more watching over the stove in the morning or watching water boil, I just press that button a get on with my day! It buzzes when my eggs are ready and (careful, it's hot) I grab them and go!!<br/><br/>If you eat breakfast every morning, or if you want to but you just don't have the time to cook, then worry no more! You have found the perfect appliance for you! And, it's so small, it can be tucked away just about anywhere! No need to leave it laying around the counter. Everything fits inside the container so you won't have random parts going every which way.<br/><br/>I'm telling you, you person reading this, trying to decide whether to spend your fifteen bucks elsewhere, you need to buy this!!
 I feel really inept, but I have never been able to perfectly cook hard boiled eggs on the stove. Half the time, my eggs end up underdone even after I leave them boiling for a long time. I gave up on boiling them in a pot on the stove, but I really do enjoy have hard boiled eggs as a high protein meal or snack. I have never used an egg cooker before, but I am very glad that I gave this one a shot. First of all, it is really compact! I love that it doesn't take up very much space so it's easy to store. It can do 6 eggs, which I think is the perfect number for just one person. Basically, you measure out the water using the measuring cup they include, pour it onto the plate, pierce the eggs with the included pin, arrange the eggs, and turn on the machine. In about 15 minutes, you get 6 perfectly cooked hard boiled eggs. The eggs are easy to peel and the machine is easy to clean (just wipe down the plate with a wash cloth). I know it might seem silly to get a machine to do a job you could do some other way, but I am so glad I bought this egg maker because it's pretty much idiot proof! I highly recommend it for busy people who can never quite boil eggs the old fashioned way.
 This is an okay product. I don't really use it anymore because it's too unpredictable. You have to get the water exactly right. One millimeter too low and the eggs come out too soft (the length of cook time is relative to how much water you put in). You put in too much and it overcooks the eggs. They put in a line for visual aid but I find that makes the eggs really soft. In the end, it works, but for me it's more trouble than it's worth.
 I had one of these awhile ago that my husband had ruined by putting raw egg onto the metal cooking plate (don't do that). I decided to repurchase this cause I had loved my original. It is essentially the same tool but this one makes a loud annoying beeping sound when it is finished my first one didn't do that. I'm sure they added that for a reason but I can't figure out why. I prefer it to just shut off and not beep. I had to unplug mine to get the thing to stop beeping at me. Overall it cooks eggs perfectly and is a nifty gadget in my opinion but the beeping makes it so the appeal of the first one it just shutting off and me getting to the eggs when I could no longer there cause now I have to get to them to stop the beeping. I have to add I only make hard boiled eggs in this so I can't judge how it does making any of the other long list of things it can make.
 I loath "single purpose" type of appliances or kitchen tools. Saw this on a deals website and figured I couldn't go wrong for $15. After having a few too many rounds of not done-well-enough "hard" boiled eggs, the timing couldn't have been better to find this little gadget. Also pleasantly surprised it can be used for all sorts of things when I'm being lazy and don't want to dirty a whole bunch of pans.<br/><br/>Tried it this morning and it's AMAZING. Perfectly cooked, non-gray or runny yolks in less than 15 minutes. This is perfect for easy meal prep and ready to go to put on salads or for breakfast with toast.<br/><br/>I haven't tried the omelet cooker yet but definitely will be. Great little kitchen tool that doesn't take up a whole lot of room. Just do it!
 I LOVE Dash Rapid Egg Cooker. My husband and I are trying to eat more healthy and what better snack than protein in the form of a boiled egg? In the past I had the hardest time trying to figure out how to cook hard boiled eggs and they never came out the way I wanted them to.<br/><br/>With over 6000 reviews this caught my eye and I wanted to try it out. After all, it's only $19.99 so not a problem if it doesn't work.<br/><br/>Everything about this little machine (size, convenience, perfectly cooked eggs) is great. I agree with the other reviewers - be aware of the loud sound it makes when it's done. It's great if you're on the other size of the house so you can hear it but if you're in an apartment it might be jarring but nothing to be afraid of.<br/><br/>The footprint of this is small so easy to store when space is limited. Definitely recommend!!!
 I was first skeptical if it was going to be worth it. There was an initial learning curve, I live in a very dry climate and found that I needed to add about 15% more water to get perfectly “hard boil” eggs. When your humidity factor is less than 25% it will hasten the cooking time. Poached eggs are easier to add more water and a timer. 3 minutes for soft, 4 minutes for firm whites and less runny yolks and 5 minutes solidly cooked. The water reaches boil very quickly and you need to be careful with the steam coming out of the vent.<br/><br/>Maybe, I will try the little omelette pan next.
 I thought maybe this was a joke when I bought this thing I'm terrible at boiling eggs but love them so I gave it a shot. I've always got GREAT hard boiled eggs now.  Are the directions really accurate ? For me not really. I'm talking about the hardness of the egg but that is just something you need to experiment with. Me I've found a little bit less water is better , and cool the eggs in cold water.  I've got it straight now and do make the perfect Hard Boiled EGGS..... And it only takes minutes. No more waiting for water to boil , and everything else to make a Hard Boiled Egg..... Now I've got to learn to do eggs benedict with this thing , and I'm sure they'll be perfect with a little practice. Clean up ? What clean up ? I really do love this thing !!!!
 I raise my own chickens and ducks, so we eat a lot of eggs! I purchased this product after a recommendation from a fellow chicken person. Anyone who has tried to hard boil and peel fresh eggs knows the struggle. This product hard boiled my eggs perfectly and they peeled with ease! The only downside is a lot of my eggs didn't fit properly when I tried doing 6 at a time, I'm assuming it was designed to accommodate basic large sized eggs. I would give this product a 5 based on that, but poaching has been problematic. I first poached a couple duck eggs and my whites were very runny. I chalked it up to them being even larger than my chicken eggs and added more water. The whites cooked, but so did the yolk. I've had the same issue with my chicken eggs. I have yet to find a precise cooking time for perfectly poached eggs.
 What a terrific little machine. I bought this to use during my kitchen reno when I had to set up a substitute "kitchen" in a bedroom. This egg cooker makes perfect hard, soft and medium eggs. All you have to do is punch a little hole in the top of the egg with the water measuring cup with the needle on one end. The cup is marked with levels for the different types of eggs plus poached and omelettes. Pour the water in the bottom of the machine and press the button. It will automatically know when the eggs are done and a buzzer will sound. Very convenient and very efficient. It is also fast and VERY easy to clean. I love this egg cooker!
 Love my Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker :)  I'd give it 4.5 starts if I could.<br/><br/>Pros: Saves me the time and mess when I need to boil a few eggs. Eggs turn out great every time.<br/><br/>Cons: The metal bottom tends to get burned once the eggs are done steaming.  Happens every time even though I follow the use instructions to a tee.  Also, the timer that goes off when the eggs are done is so loud.  My dog and I freak out every time that thing goes off. Lol!<br/><br/>***Note sure if this is news to anyone else, but if the metal bottom of the cooker scorches (burns), just add a bit of vinegar and dish soap with hot water.  Let sit for a few mins and wipe clean.  Looks good as new.
 LOVE THIS!!  If you like eggs, you have to get this...seriously!  I LOVE hard boiled eggs, but hate having to boil water, then cook, then drain, rinse...blah blah blah.  I usually don't end of making them because of the time involved.  This is awesome!  You just add a little water to it, and go.  I do this in the morning before I get in the shower, then by the time I'm dressed, they are ready to peel and eat!  No stove, no dishes, no mess.  They also peel SO much easier!  It's crazy that I never knew this existed before now.  I think of all the eggs that just expired in my fridge.  I also love how small it is.  It is really small, so storage is no problem.  This picture makes it look way bigger than it is.  Won't disappoint!
 So, I bought this a few months ago, thinking why did I do that? I will not really use this.  I can put an egg in boiling water. So I put it away.  Recently I was ill and could only eat bland or BRAT diet.  One of the things I could eat hard or soft boiled eggs.  Pulled out this device and used it the entire week.  Eggs was the only protein I could eat. I was so thankful to use this and I could do the poached, soft or med or hard boil. My favorite was a medium hard boiled egg sliced over white toast.  Yum.  Believe me it is important to have some sort of variety when you can only eat a limited diet. I was so thankful I purchased this. Super quick, super accurate and helped me stick to the bland diet without going crazy.
 We call this thing the Eggulator.  It is a hoot.  Pop in 6 eggs and a few minutes later the thing starts singing!  Ping bong, bleep!  Voila- hard boiled eggs!  Never forget your eggs and boil the pan dry again!  It took us some time to figure out the exact amount of water needed to boil off to create the perfect level of cooked eggs.  However, doing the poached eggs were a different story. A bit difficult to deal with, I don't really need to use it as a poacher.<br/><br/>We bought it after I forgot a pan of eggs on the stove and left the house only to come back to a house full of smoke!  It turns off automatically with that silly song- never worry again.  Happy eggulating!
 I used my egg cooker for the first time today. It was pretty simple. Just fill the water level, poke a hole in the bottom of the egg, and plug in. The alarm sounds when done, unplug egg cooker. I removed the dome and let the eggs cool for 15 minutes. When I went to peel the eggs, it was the easiest time I ever had peeling the eggs. As others have said the alarm was .. quite alarming! There was a slight discoloration to the heating plate, due to the hard water I have. The residue easily wiped away.<br/> The eggs came out perfect and taste great. This egg cooker turned out to be a nice little gift for myself.
 I would buy this again, and again, and again. I knew the Dash brand name from a prior yogurt making purchase, and was very happy to find that this egg cooker delivers quickly and evenly. I have been using it now for a couple of weeks, and it is superb. Eggs are perfect, and peeling them is ridiculously easy. I use the "hard" setting on the plastic cup, and they come out evenly every time. Before this, I had tried everything: ice water, ice cubes, baking soda...the results were never consistent. This saves time and headaches.<br/><br/>One thing to be aware of: there is no automatic shut off, so you do not want to put this on and then leave the house. It buzzes loudly when ready and takes only 12-15 minutes each cycle. The instructions say to turn it off before unplugging it. When I know I will be home for the next half-hour I set it to go, turn it off when it buzzes, unplug it, and then transfer the eggs to the fridge. You can also let them cool for a bit in the container.
 This is one of the best products I have ever purchased. Is smaller than it appears in picture, so takes up little counter space . I was admittedly skeptical, and tried as soon as it arrived. To my amazement, it worked beautifully, and I have used 3 times thus far -- perfectly hard boiled eggs, EASILY peeled -- a big plus for me as I have neuropathy in my hands. Love not having to drag out a pan, stand there while water comes to a boil, time boil, etc etc. You can leave the kitchen while using the DASH-- a very loud buzzer will let you know when eggs are ready. I will be giving this product as gifts!
 I know this review is going to be lacking but I only make what I eat. I have only used this to make omelets and I LOVE it! This cooks them perfectly. I use egg whites and the standard setting leaves them a little more wet than I like so I do as the instructions state and leave them in the cooker for a few extra min. I add a few veggies and cheese and they are so yummy!!!! You may be thinking why bother buying this if your only going to make one thing, but there are good reasons for me. First, I can set it an leave it. When its done it makes an annoying sound. Second I am REALLY picky about eggs, and this cooks them perfect. They don't burn, if anything it under cooks them for my liking but the instructions explain how to fix that.<br/>My only real negative is that it's kind of small. Each person has to make their own, but its so easy, and everyone likes different things, it hasn't been a big issue for us.
 I've been eyeballing egg cookers for a while now because I wanted an quicker, easier way to poach eggs.  I went with this little fella because of the look (leaving it on the counter doesn't clash with my wife's décor) and the reviews.  I know a lot of reviews stated that there was a death cry when this contraption was finished; it isn't all that bad.  Yes, the sound is quite alarming, but it's not deafening or overly loud.  Having said all of that, let's get down to business.  I've tried poaching eggs several times with this little doo-hickey and it does not poach eggs.  The first time, I used precisely the correct amount of water and put two medium side eggs in the poacher thing-a-ma-bob.  The eggs came out with a lot of water in the tray and most of the egg whites were not cooked.  I'm guessing that the steam is falling back down into the bottom of the tray, thus causing a runny mess.  So, in attempts to alleviate this situation I was having, I added more water to the second batch, hoping for a better batch of eggs.... wait for it..... NOPE.  The exact same runny mess came plopping out of the trays like a hangover Taco Bell bathroom fiasco.  The final time I tried poaching with this machine, I added less water, just to see. Heck, why not?  This produced an even runnier mess.  So, I'm back to poaching eggs the long and hard way.  HAVING SAID ALL OF THAT, it does everything else it is meant to do.  So if you are not a poacher of eggs, then this little ball of joy is FOR YOU!
 Why wasn't this item in my life years ago???? Never AGAIN will I sit in front of a stove waiting to hard boil eggs the long and water-wasteful way. The Dash Rapid Egg cooker is EGGCELLENT.  I've attached a photo so you can see the color of the red one in particular and how nice &amp; small it is... &amp; how it can hold all the extra stuff too! It comes with easy to read instructions &amp; cleaning tips. Probably the worst thing about the product is the very scary noise it produces whenever the cooking time is up. I get that it probably needs to be turned off asap but it makes every hair on my back stand up when I hear it. I've played around with it a bit and have enjoyed both immediately submerging hard boiled eggs into ice water and also just letting it sit a bit longer before icing them. Haven't tried the other settings yet- but if its anything like the hard boil process I am sure it will be great.
 Really nice and easy to use to make hard boiled eggs. Makes decent omelettes. The poached eggs are okay, a bit of a wet slimy mess but I have difficulty making poached eggs any other way so I guess it’s better than nothing. The buzzer is very loud and annoying. My cats always get scared and run from the room when it goes off. The buzzer doesn’t go off unless you unplug it. If there were an auto off, the buzzer wasn’t so annoying, and if the poached eggs were better, then I’d give it five stars.
 This little egg cooker is a gem! Where has it been all my life?? I have only used it for hard boiling eggs so far, but that use alone makes it worth every cent. As others have said, the eggs peel effortlessly EVERY TIME. I’m in love! They come out perfectly done with a yellow yoke. I do fill the water cup to the top but have learned I don’t need to leave them in the cooker after the alarm sounds. They are done at that point. My husband and I don’t find the alarm as annoyingly loud as others have said. It gets your attention, but it’s not that loud and I actually appreciate the fact that it doesn’t sound the same as every other electronic appliance in my kitchen (timers, microwave, dishwasher, etc.) It’s easy to clean and use.  I love this little gadget so much that I am giving one to my adult children for Christmas.
 Perfect eggs. Just perfect. On my first use I did three hard boiled eggs as a test. I set my watch timer to 12 minutes (matches the estimate in the guide book), and the (extraordinarily irritating) alarm went off within moments of my alarm. If you immediately rinse the eggs in tap/cold water, it stops the cooking process and separates the inner egg shell membrane from the albumens. The shells came off so easy! Definitely great for hard boiled. Haven't tried the medium or soft boiled options, and I'm not particularly interested in the accompanying omelette trays. But this is going to make food prep for the week SO MUCH EASIER.
 I feel a little foolish having to purchase an appliance to perform a task tha can easily be done with a pot of water, but I’m very glad I did.<br/>Making the soft boiled eggs I love is now a fast and simple tasKs. It really is a set it and forget it process<br/>Poke a tiny hole in the egg with the base of the small measuring cup (provided) pour in the measured water, and hit the button. Go watch tv for 10 minutes and be prepared to have the wits scared out of you when the timer goes off.<br/>Seriously made me jump off the sofa and bolt for the kitchen. Everybody thought it was a smoke alarm going off.<br/>I usually let the eggs rest in the machine for about 30 seconds longer than the timer and then put them in a bowl of cool water while I begin peeling.<br/>The eggs peel easy and the eggs are done to perfection.<br/>The appliance is very small and stores easily.
 I love that I don't have to worry how much something is simmering for and how long. There are so many myths and wives tales on how to hard/soft boil eggs. This has really taken the guess work out.<br/>The screeching others have complained about appears fixed with a lovely chime melody to alert you when it's done.<br/>I've only used older eggs up to this point, but have fresh ones in now. The first old egg batch, I didn't put a hole in the shell, I've never done that before. They were impossible to peel. The second batch did get the little pokes and it was much easier. The built in poker is safe and very easy to use, even for a poking novice.<br/>Most eggs look like they're put in the cartoon pointy side down, that's a new revelation! I've poked the fatter tops, like the manual says.<br/>I made our own mark on the measuring cup for how we like our eggs, not hard boiled, but not too soft.<br/>Haven't tried the poached tray or omelet one, but am very excited to try streaming asparagus or broccoli for one. Seems awesome to do when heating a whole pan is too much work.
 Ok so I'm one of the people that thought "this thing is crazy, who needs a special item to boil an egg?"!  OMG I do, you do, everyone does lol!  It really is awesome!  It uses just a little water, 11 mins later it screams, you scream and your eggs are perfect!  I have fresh eggs, so obviously they are all different sizes, shapes, colors, etc.....they all cook perfect and are way easier to peel!  I actually only bought it for my husband, so he could cook his breakfast running out the door, now we have all kinds of stuff with eggs because it's so easy and fast.<br/><br/>UPDATE:  ok here’s some pics...all different sized eggs, all cooked together, all peel perfectly, and all are cooked perfect!
 Was eager to try it out and decided to do poached eggs for my hash. The tool was easy to assemble and was nicely finished. When I went to put the required water into the measuring cup I found that the markings  were almost impossible to read. I had to guess at the proper setting and must have been wrong because the egg whites on the two eggs were not fully cooked . I intend to paint the markings to make them readable. That might cure the problem.
 On my path to eating better, I like to make boiled eggs for breakfast in the morning. However it is such a hassle to add it to the list on things to do in the morning. This egg cooker has saved me so much time! In the morning I just put the amount of water for what I am cooking onto the plate from the measuring cup put the eggs on the tray and press the button. This egg cooker has an automatic sensor that knows how many eggs you put in and how much water you put on the plate. I cook hard boiled eggs and it cooks them perfectly in about 15 minutes and stops automatically. There is a buzzer that goes off that lets you know that it is finished and turned off. Best invention ever for my mornings.
 Fabulous little tool for calorie counting. Cooks 2+ eggs perfectly. I bought red to save the extra money and, though it looks a bit cheesy, I wasn't planning on leaving it on the counter anyway.  The alarm though....HOLY HORRIFIC BUZZER BATMAN! My husband the engineer offered to disable it for me, but then I may overcook the eggs. I'd love to bring one in to use in the office kitchen, but suspect the buzzer may cause a heart attack in our elderly patients. Would have loved to give it five stars, but that buzzer... would buy again in a heartbeat.
 Ok. I had no idea these things existed until a blogger I love posted about it!! I loooove this egg cooker!!!!! It makes perfect hard boiled eggs and I love just 4 egg whites in the omelet option..so yummy. Couple of things though. One is-my eggs take like 15 minutes not 5 like everyone else is saying. Not sure why, it still is easier than doing it by hand though. And also sometimes after I get the egg patty out and put more eggs in the beeper beeps again and I have to unplug it a couple times to get it to “reset.” Also the beep is obnoxious 😳 it’s terrifying lol. All those things are small potatoes though. This thing works great and brings me joy!!!
 This is one of my most used kitchen gadgets.  I hear people say “ Why spend 20 bucks to boil eggs?”  For starters this can do so much more.  I bake omelette, steam veggies, warm tortillas, cook soft and hard boiled eggs, and have even done rice. I found that the measurements for water in the book are a little light but you can either add more water than it calls for, or leave the lid on until it cools so that it cooks longer.  The set it and forget it function if this is a life saver early in the morning too.  This does come with a shell piercing device attached to the measuring cup. For eggs in the shell a very tiny hole is made to help cook the egg and to make the shell peel off flawlessly.  Also just one tip. If you don’t put the handle on the egg rack you can put one extra egg in the cooker!  I highly recommend this gadget if you eat eggs more than once a week!
 This is the best kitchen appliance I have bought in a long time! Super easy and quick to use. I have a busy schedule and I make egg salad a LOT to take with me...this saves me SO much time and effort. Set it and forget it, but the super loud continuous buzzer/alarm will NOT let you forget it, which is a nice safety design. Takes exactly 16 mins to boil eggs and they are perfect. They're also REALLY easy to peel! I've never peeled eggs so easily before. Huge plus that I hadn't even considered. This little contraption is also pretty small and stores easily. Even if you only boil eggs once in a while, it's worth it!<br/>I have not used it for the omelettes or to poach eggs yet, but I do plan to in the future. We make eggs Benedict once in a while and poaching is a mess if you're not a pro!<br/>Overall this product is wonderful and I highly highly recommend it!
 Works fantastic and I will give it 5 stars.  The only issue, and this is not the fault of the cooker, is that when I make a HUGE omelette, it takes more than the "omlette" amount of water.  Simple fix, duh; just add more water and let er rip.<br/><br/>We have one of these at work and use it every single day.  Three of us each have two eggs.  We have a bowl of cold water next to it and when the eggs are done, we put the eggs in the water to cool.  We clean the cooker once a week.  It's been months since we bought it and it's still going strong.  Easily one of the best kitchen devices I've ever seen.  I mean, for $15 how long does it have to last?  If the one we have at work blows up tomorrow we got our money's worth.<br/><br/>And of course, each one of us bought one for home.  My 10 year old daughter uses it to make eggs on Saturdays.  Just a brilliant piece all the way around.
 This is amazing! Could be black magic but it makes me so happy I'll allow it. Where has this been all my life? No more screaming obscenities and throwing eggs against the wall while having a temper tantrum because I couldn't get the shells off. This does exactly what it says it will do. The only thing I would change is the design to include storage for the small optional parts. Those are always annoying to find a place for in my kitchen. Other than that, it is perfection. I have already ordered another one for my daughter. THANK YOU in advance for the mountains of deviled eggs and egg salad to come.
 We now have a constant supply of hard boiled eggs.  I was in full doubt mode when I bought this, however the price and reviews were great, so I gave it a chance.  This little guy has proved itself worthy of every star I gave it.  First it is a surprisingly small device.  6 eggs at a time is worth its smaller form compared to the 12 egg cooker.  (I bought the 12 egg cooker as a gift and didnt know the size difference till they opened it.)  It really does not save any time, that is why I was so doubtful in the first place, however it has made the process so much easier that we now make them all the time.  And if you are a water or electricity saver person this will save you a ton of both.  Besides all that the eggs come out perfectly!  No more green around the yokes or had to peel eggs.  These eggs come out picture perfect.
 I needed wish I discovered this little egg cooker in my life years ago!!!  This little egg cooker is amazing!!!  It's small (won't take a lot of space to store), it's easy to use, it makes the absolutely perfect hard boil eggs with easy to peel shells.  Put your eggs in, pour water to set how you want your eggs cooked, push the button and walk away.  You'll hear a loud enough ring that's done!  I haven't tried the omelettes yet, but I see the reviews are outstanding.  Again, perfectly cooked hard boil eggs, peeled easily....happy I bought this just in time to make eggs for Easter----super EASY!!!!  Fantastic price!!!  Love it!
 I love soft boiled eggs and if you love them as well then you know how difficult it is to get the time and water boiling right so your eggs come out like you want them. For me, most of the time they'd be over cooked coming out of the saucepan.<br/>This little device has solved that problem. It is super simple to use. Just pour the pre measured amount of water from the little provided cup onto the heating element, pierce your eggs with the provided shell piercer, put the eggs onto the tray and press  the only button on the device.<br/>That's it. No hassle, no mess, eggs just like you want them. Also does poached eggs and omelette. It does have a loud buzzer that announces when your eggs are done and that may be about the only drawback, but it isn't for me. Not when I can enjoy eggs they way I want them.<br/>The price is good as well.
 This thing is fantastic.  It works great and I've never peeled a boiled egg so easily!  However, I have to remove 2 stars simply because the buzzer on this thing is terrifying.  The first time it went off I thought it was my fire alarm.  My dogs panicked and bolted to other rooms, hiding under my desks my bed.  They seriously should have made the "complete" noise something way less dreadful.  Would give 5 stars easily if they fix the buzzer.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R311313DG5RVXW"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91AgUWkp6RS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A13w4u--VMS.png"/> Well I bought it this a week ago and was really looking forward to well cooked eggs without guessing the time and cook of the eggs. But I’m not too crazy about it so far. I was babysitting my boyfriend’s little brother at their mom’s home and she had an egg cooker from GNC and it was AMAZING so easy to peel but this brand... is definitely not that great with peeling. I have fresh farm eggs so i wasn’t sure if because they’re not refrigerated that it would effect it but i also used an organic brown egg from the fridge and it peeled awful too. the first time i used it i was going for a medium boiled egg and got a soft boil. Second time i had to measure water between medium and hard boiled to get a good medium boiled egg. I don’t know how i feel about this overall because i was looking forward to not playing the guessing game and having a good peeled egg but I’ll keep using it this month and update later!<br/>It’s a pretty color and packaged well and the alarm is actually a song which threw me off completely haha.
 I travel and can be out of town for weeks to months at a time. Many times I do not have a kitchen to use.  So I bring this with me.  It is relatively small but cooks up to 6 eggs.  It has the water measure to help get the right amount of water for the way you like your eggs (you have to adjust that some based on the size eggs and your desired 'doneness').  It also has a little thing at the bottom of that water measure to pierce the top of the egg so they do not break when cooking.  It needs little maintenance other than wiping away some of the build up. It came out sparkly clean when I put a little white vinegar on it one time.
 This thing's great! Holds A half dozen eggs, used A tiny amount of water and makes perfect hard boiled eggs!<br/>Instruction book couldn't be clearer and after A 10 minute read I had it up and running. I like hard boiled eggs but making them in A pot with A quart or more of water is A pain. With this unit U can make 2 or 3 in no time. I will be using it to poach eggs for breakfast and make breakfast omelets as well.<br/>As an added bonus it steams veg and fish.<br/>Nice loud buzzer to alert you when the food is done also.<br/>For one or two people it is the perfect size. Best 17 buck's I've spent this month!
 I really didn't want to buy this appliance.  "Who the heck needs an egg maker??" I said time after time when my friends were raving about it.  "Use a freaking pot of water" I chortled...  Then my husband sucked me in and wore me down until I ordered one.  I just ordered a back-up in case it breaks ever.  We use this at least once daily.  It's amazing, it's simple and my husband makes me restaurant style breakfasts with poached eggs. How did I not buy this thing years ago??<br/><br/>As some have mentioned, the "buzzer" is alarming.  It's kind of like the amber alert sound on your phone.  We just stand near the thing to turn it off right away.<br/><br/>For those like me who are wondering "do I really need this thing?"  The answer is yes!  Your hard-boiled eggs really truly will peel easier, you will have gorgeous poached eggs, and it's fast, simple, easy to clean and easy to operate.
 I have to admit that I was pretty skeptical about this product, but decided to try it due to the great reviews.  When I received my package, I anxiously opened it.  Imagine how disappointed I was that one of the handles (that lock the unit together) was broken off.  I decided instead of returning it, I would keep it since it did not affect how it actually worked.  I read and followed the directions and to my surprise, my hard  boiled eggs came out perfectly cooked.  After placing them in the cold water to stop the cooking process, I tapped them on the counter and could not believe how easy the shell peeled off. I cooked 18 eggs that day.  I was so impressed with it that I'm thinking about purchasing additional cookers as Mother's Day gifts.  I would have given it a 5 star review but since the handle was broken I deducted a star.
 This buzzer sounds like a fire drill. I have a room mate and I wake up a half an hour before him every morning and this scares the both of us. I'm not exaggerating at all. The eggs taste delicious afterwards. If I wasn't so desperate for one of these, and I knew the screeching sound it made, I would never buy this item.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-RCIP40RPT5PSL"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91BvTbJ4-mS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91fOWUGBpNS.png"/> It made "boiled" eggs amazingly well! The yolks were cooked exactly how I like them! I still put them in cold water immediately after cooking to make peeling easy.<br/>I just tried the "poaching" option. Adding water to the "poached" line still left some raw whites. I waited for the steamer to cool down and added water to the "soft boiled" line and cooked it again. That left me with almost fully-cooked yolks as seen in my photo. I think next time I will just add a tiny bit more water from the get go.<br/>As seen in my video, it doesn't make an annoying buzz. It's actually a cute little chime!<br/>I'm honestly so happy with this purchase. I live in a dorm room. I'm sure I'm not supposed to have one of these in my room. I don't see this being a huge fire hazard, especially if you follow the instructions and unplug it after use. It's small enough to hide if there is a room check. Regardless, I definitely recommend for any college student!
 What can I say, my friends convinced me to try this since I take or purchase hard boiled eggs for work everyday.  I have used this at least twice a week since I received it.  The directions are easy, I was a little hesitant the first time I pierced the eggs but it was fine. The eggs were hard boiled to perfections.  I let them sit for a couple of minutes and then run them under cold water ( makes peeling them easier). Now I have Hard Boiled eggs all the time.<br/>Cleaning is easy I use the Magic Eraser and it keeps it looking bright and new.  I have the red and it is a great little addition to my kitchen collection.
 So far this has been a great egg cooker.  7 of my large eggs fit in it well.  It came with very easy to read instructions.  I cooked two batches of hard boiled eggs back to back.  It too about 16 minutes to cook the eggs.  They turned out perfect and were extremely easy to peel.  There was no hassle of boiling water and very minimal clean up.  I did run them under cool water after they'd cooked.  When the eggs were finished a very loud timer went off, but that might be good if you were in a different room.  The only downside I have noticed is the bottom plate.  It burned the first time I cooked eggs from water stains.  I did try to clean it with an erase marker like they suggested, but it didn't fully clean it.  I will have to try some vinegar.  Other than the bottom plate issue which is minimal, this cooker is awesome.
 I got this in and used it the same day.  Easy instructions for hard boiled eggs.  I love the egg shell poker. One review said they lost it because it was so small...not sure how you could lose this unless you dont put things in specific spots to always go back to.  I buy jumbo size eggs and all 6 fit in there, but just barely.  The lid did not go all the way down and a small crack happened on one of the eggs in the back.  The eggs still cooked evenly for me.  I put in an ice bath after the cooker was done and the eggs peeled beautifully...never had that happen before in my life.  It was fantastic. Took about 15 minutes for the 6 eggs.  It was wonderful being able to pour the little bit of water in, close the lid, hit the button and walk off.  No watching the pot.  It turns off automatically when the sensor sees the water in the bottom is gone. Well worth the price.
 ...the whole point of this egg cooker is to allow you to cook your eggs during your busy morning, while attending to other things.<br/>It shuts off automatically, however, the buzzer does not.  It is so loud, it will awaken the neighborhood if your windows are open.  It is as loud as a smoke detector.
 This is so cool. It takes the guessing how long these eggs need to boil out and you can't go wrong with this. It has a very loud alarm when there done, it can be annoying but it really helps. I've walked away to do something and forget I have that going on which is sad to say, ( I can walk in a room and forget whyI went in there, I have that special talent), so when the alarm goes off its loud enough to hear through the house.<br/>It does it's job for good hard boiled eggs. If you want softer, you put less water in. Very convienant measuring cup with the needle on bottom to poke the eggs. This thing is tiny but really works. Just remember after you poke the tiny pin size hole in the egg, make sure you put the hole side up, not facing down. I learned the hard way when the eggs didn't cook right and it was a mess LOL!
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R1RV82XZURV8NT"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81LBvwM2TIS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91cyItHJLzS.png"/> I love this little guy. This cooks a set of 7 eggs within 10 minute. With the normal way of boiling the fresh eggs in a pot, you cannot peal the eggs fully or easily. This this little cooker you can!! There isn't much cleaning to do when the eggs are done. The direction do say to poke a hole in the top of the egg before cooking. I have tried this both ways and they both work I prefer to not poke the hole because it there is less mess and residue.  I would highly recommend this product to anyone that eats boiled eggs. I normally eat around 18 eggs a week and this is saving me a ton of time.
 We are trying to incorporate more healthy foods into our diet and that includes snacks. Also, insert some adult telling you to eat breakfast here. This product has made eating both snacks and breakfast 10 times easier. Also, I'm notorious for over boiling (its in my family) and for under boiling (because I'm inpatient which also runs in my family) so this egg cooker has been epic. Usually I just pop an egg in and then go take care of my dogs and by the time I'm done, breakfast is served. Also super handy when I'm hangry (hungry and angry). I also like to poach my eggs in this. Haven't tried cooking other things in it yet. I have no desire to steam veggies in this but according to the box, that is a thing.
 I don't know how I did without this for so long! I have looked at so many video's on how to hard boil eggs and peel them easier.  They never came out pretty when I wanted to make deviled eggs UNTIL I tried this baby! It cooks 6 eggs at a time and gives a loud buzzer when they are done.  It can also cook a small omelet and poach eggs, although I haven't tried it for that.  I absolutely love the fact that I can peel the eggs right away, or after refrigerating and the shells come right off! It is an inexpensive way to get boiled eggs without the aggravation of boiling them! I don't post about a product often unless I love it or hate it and I always read others reviews. When I put a post out, you can believe it works, because I am super picky.  Great product for the price and you can buy ones that hold larger quantities of eggs, as well.
 Ok, so I saw this and really didn't think it was going to work well.  It's inexpensive (got it on sale) and it's tiny.  Frankly, I thought it'd be one of those cheap kitchen gadgets that you use a few times and toss in a cabinet never to be seen again.  This makes PERFECT hard boiled eggs!  We like to eat them a lot in our house (plain, egg salad etc) and I can make 6 perfect hard boiled eggs and peel them perfectly in around 15 minutes.  I have used it 3 times so far and every single egg has peeled perfectly.  And it's so small it fits well on my counter without taking up a ton of space.  Well worth the money!  (Devil Dave's fiancee)
 Made my first batch of hard boiled eggs and it was great! I didn't read the directions close enough and closed the lid....it is to remain just as a cover, not locked. The eggs were pretty easy to pierce and the best part was that after they were done and cooled off, I was able to peel them without losing egg attached firmly to the shell. That alone makes this worthwhile for me. I am on a ketogenic diet and eggs are one of the staples. The entire process to make hard eggs was so easy a child could do this. The only thing that threw me was I didn't get that button pushed hard enough to actually start it and had to try again. I did lose any eggs, but I did have a few that oozed out of the top and one that cracked. I think if I hadn't locked the cover, they would have been perfect.
 This egg cooker is fantastic. I purchased it so that my 8 year old daughter could make hard boiled eggs without me having to worry about her handling a pot of boiling water. It is so simple to use and she loves that she can make her own eggs without 'being watched'. I have also made the scrambled eggs which I thought were good. I did not add anything other than cheese but that was added after the eggs were cooked. We liked ours so much that we ended up buying one for my mother, who loves hers too. She adds a bit of salt to the water when she hard boils eggs as she says this helps with peeling them. Others have commented on the 'rust' that has appeared on the heating element. I have found a rust color after using but have been able to clean it out as soon as the element has cooled enough to wipe out with a damp paper towel. I also like that the measuring cup, scrambled egg container and what not can be stored in the dome.
 This product does a good job cooking eggs.  I read the reviews and these are my recommendations concerning the complaints about it.  The eggs were a bit under cooked for truly hard boiled eggs, I just added a little more water and they come out perfect.  The bottom looks burnt after multiple uses.  I use distilled water, a gallon is 89 cents at WalMart and will last a month or more, and I wipe the unit clean after each use. The buzzer is no more obnoxious or louder than a cheap alarm clock.  Realize this is a disposable appliance, if it works 50 times you will have gotten your $17 worth of use.  The only real minor problem I've had is poking the hole in the raw eggs before cooking, I've cracked 2 eggs doing this.  I am now more careful when I do this and haven't cracked an egg since.
 This is a decent appliance. Does really well with boiled eggs. I was disappointed with it’s poaching abilities. Tried adjusting the water quantity to control how runny the egg was but it always came out too runny.  The poached egg container is too narrow which might possibly cause this. Finally, it has a really loud whistle when the eggs are done . I am not sure why they couldn’t come up with a more graceful sound rather than a loud whistle that scares kids and sounds more like an alarm. I am sure there are better egg cookers out there. I wouldn’t buy it if I could redo my purchase.
 This thing looks like a little cartoon spaceship. (I did the aww and chuckle thing.) I had no idea how cute and compact it would be. I purchased the red from a warehouse deal at a good price. Red is not my thing but the price diff was great and it will be stored in a cabinet anyway. The item arrived in two days and in perfect condition!<br/><br/>The manufacturer thought of everything...trays, little pans, a dual-purpose egg piercer and measuring cup, and a lifter for the egg tray...and it all fits compactly within the unit for storage. Nice!<br/><br/>It has a buzzer that goes off when the eggs have finished cooking, which is a nice feature so you can take the dome off to prevent further cooking and as a heads up that it's time for a cold water bath. The buzzer is annoying as all get out, but hey, it gets the job done. You would think with all the buzzer options out there the manufacturer would have chosen another, less annoying sound.<br/><br/>As soon as it arrived, I had to wash it up and put it to the test. Two batches and all the eggs were perfectly hard-boiled in half the time of the stove method. With a few cold water rinses and a few good hard shakes with cold water in a sealed container, they were ready for the makings of egg salad in no time!<br/><br/>The water reservoir does spot but as long as it cleans up with a vinegar solution and doesn't interfere with the cooking process, I'm all in. That kind of metal does that with heat. Another reason for the timer...so you're not burning the cook plate dry, as some posted pics have shown.<br/><br/>I wondered how this could make hard-boiling eggs any easier but now I see what all the hype is about. GREAT little kitchen gadget! I'll be using this a lot.<br/><br/>Update 7/16/17<br/>Couldn't be happier with this product! Can make hard-boiled eggs for great egg salad in no time.<br/><br/>Cleaning is a breeze! A little vinegar poured onto the heating surface cleans any water spots and brown discoloration like a charm! Cleans like new after each use with very little effort. Bought another as a gift!
 I can finally and successfully cook poached eggs!  I haven't tried anything else in this as I primarily bought it to poach eggs.  I'm not sure what issue others have, but I have had great success using Large eggs. I'm not docking anything for the buzzer, it is a bit loud like others have stated, but I wonder if I can quiet it down by finding the buzzer and taping over it like I did for my garage door timer/closer.  No big deal, I know the eggs will take about 5 minutes so I quickly turn it off when it buzzes, it kind of reminds me of the old Operation game.
 I'm sitting here eating my delicious breakfast sandwich, and it occurs to me that this product is good enough to merit a review.<br/><br/>This is the kitchen gadget you never knew you needed.  First, it's small.  It takes up about as much room as a large cereal bowl.  All the components can be self contained with the locking lid.<br/><br/>Secondly, everything is really easy to use.  Boiled eggs get pricked, tossed in their holder, add the water, and go.  My husband, who has been known to start small kitchen fires is able to use this.  Older children who know to be wary of steam can use this.<br/><br/>Thirdly, it's fast and super convenient. The aforementioned fire starting husband is in the army and has to wake up super early most mornings.  He's only ever had time for cereal in the morning.  Now, he can have an omelette!  I crack two eggs in the omelette pan with some herbs, pop bread in the toaster and let my pooches out.  By the time I get then herded back inside, I'm a slice of cheese and ham away from a very satisfying hot breakfast sandwich.<br/><br/>This thing is also super easy to clean.  A quick rinse of whatever you use and dry.  There is sometimes some brownish stuff on the heating element, but again, rinse it off while it's hot and dry with a towel.  Done.<br/><br/>Anyway...this device is a must have!
 This thing is great! This cooker actually works and makes the perfect hard boiled egg. The product is small enough to keep at work in my desk, which is great so I can make myself a hard boiled egg, egg salad or even an omelet right at my desk.<br/><br/>The packaging of this item is great and includes a quick start guide to get you right into using the item. Was super simple to take right out of the box and use. I can't say enough good things about my purchase of the Dash Go Rapid egg cooker.<br/><br/>If you're looking for a great product, this one is it. Best purchase off Amazon yet.<br/>Can't wait to use this at home to make some hard boiled eggs for my potato salad recipe. Usually I dread making the hard boiled eggs (or even forget to) after the rest of the salad is made. This cooks up 6 hard boiled eggs in 15 mins, and when I say the come out perfect, I'm not lying. They crack open easily and are the perfect egg.
 This silly thing is FANTASTIC!!!  My husband makes boiled eggs every morning before leaving for work, so I thought this would be easier than using a pot.  I was right! He really like this because he doesn't have to watch it like a pot and it shuts off automatically.  He said it cooks the eggs perfectly. We saw these when we were in Italy over the summer and I thought they were clever. Every hotel we stayed in used these when they served breakfast.  So glad we saw them, otherwise my husband would still be using a pot :)
 I just order this little egg cooker. I love hard boiled eggs but they take too long on the stove. This does it in half the time. Who new you should poke you eggs before cooking? That's the other hassle with hard boiled eggs, the peeling. If you poke them the shell peels right off. I use brown organic free range eggs so I always feel the shell is harder than the other variety. Not sure what the real difference is, but poking them made it so easy to peel. I was afraid the egg mighr break but it didn't. This is a great egg cooker for a very reasonable price. I do like my eggs cooked hard but they came out medium. I will need to play with the amount of water I use. But over all it's a great product that is easy to use.
 This little Dash Rapid Egg Cooker does an AMAZING job !! !! !!<br/>If you follow the instructions, you won't have any of the problems other people who gave this one star have had.<br/>My only advice, is when making a 2 egg Omlet, fill the supplied filling cup to the top. I have made about 3 dozen eggs<br/>So far ( pharmacy boiled, omlets, poached ), and have had no issues, just perfectly hard boiled eggs.
 I just used this yesterday for the 1st time.  Read the instructions and off I went.  This works exactly as advertised.  I don't have to wait for my water to boil anymore (like I used to wait for my kettle to boil and whistle) - Yay!!!  This is the modern way to boil eggs &amp; I'm not looking back!  Hard boiled eggs turned out great.  The alarm isn't too bad if you're prepared for it - and it's easy to clean.  Best of all, it doesn't take up a lot of space.  It's a keeper!
 I  bought this so I could make perfectly cooked SOFT-boiled eggs....this one does it (but I did add water to the "medium" line because I hate undercooked gooey stuff). This did the trick. Also does hard-boiled in about 10 minutes....the peels don't stick! I havejust started trying poached, but haven't been too successful yet (but soft-boiled are so similar that I probably won't use that dish). Omelettes are perfectly cooked and can be served in cute little circles! BEST kitchen appliance I've purchased in many years (and I hate to buy ones that are never used).
 I loved mine so much I bought one for my brother and his gf. We grew up eating hard boiled eggs for breakfast. I’m often forgetful and have left a boiling pot unattended while i went out for drinks!!! Yikes!!! Only to remember about my boiling pot in time to rush home and find all the water evaporated and loud popping noises from the eggs exploding. WHOOPS! never again!!!! This has happened twice. :(
 I don't always go back and review products, but felt I had to do so here. This little gizmo is amazing! I have now made my 3rd batch of perfectly hard-boiled eggs that peeled like a dream. I love boiled eggs, but rarely made them since I was never able to get them quite right no matter which method I tried (and I tried them all!)! With this, I just followed the instructions (bottoms up, prick the end of the egg, and put in the water from the measuring cup), and voila! Perfect eggs! My daughter also used the omelette insert, and it worked fine. But really what I'll use this for will be boiled eggs. Over and over again. The only (minor) drawback that I can see is that there is a residue that collects on the hot plate that is a little off-putting, but it doesn't do anything to the eggs and is easily wiped off with a paper towel once it cools down. This is the best money I've spent in the kitchen in a while! Highly recommend!
 I very much like the simplicity of this egg cooker. I had no trouble making any kind of egg, although hard boiled is my favorite! Just be gentle using the needle to poke the egg with. I have been lax on occasion doing this step and have ended up with a broken egg all over my hand and floor. Its not difficult to do, in fact my 9 year old son has made eggs with it. The buzzer to signal your eggs are finished is very loud, as though your smoke detector is going off. The silver tray gets spotted quickly but that is easy enough to clean if you follow the directions included.
 I was kind of skeptical about this egg cooker, but the price was right so I gave it a try. I was blown away with the ease of cooking my eggs. I added water, eggs, pushed the button and walked away. When the alarm rang (it wasn't as shrill as some people were claiming), I ran my eggs under cold water and put a layer of ice on them, to cool them quickly. I tried the "One Hand Peel" (a video posted by another reviewer). I was so excited that I was able to peel my egg with one hand!! The yolk was cooked to perfection! I can't wait to try an omelette!!<br/>The machine is small so it fits nicely into a cupboard. Easy to clean and store .. win win!
 Love this egg cooker! It takes a little bit of trial and error to figure out how much water you need to get your eggs the way you like but once you figure that out it's awesome - the measuring cup it comes with definitely helps. The heating plate dose get a little discolored from the minerals in the water, but the cooker literally comes with an instruction sheet on how to clean it off, so I'm not sure why people are complaining. If you wipe it while its still warm with a little water and vinegar it easily comes off. The eggs peel super easy every time! I definitely recommend this product!
 I just received this egg cooker, and I was excited to use it. However, as soon as I opened it, the black plastic handle on the side of the dome snapped off while I opened the plastic. You can see where the handle broke off on one side in the picture I posted. Concerned about the durability of this product. I'm hoping I can return this and get a replacement or find a more durable product.
 I literally have made deviled eggs three times since I got this machine. My boyfriend eats a ton of eggs and (since he doesn’t cook) told me the other day he never realized how much trouble making hard boiled eggs was before we got this machine. So many people marvel about it, we have gotten three friends to get one! The omelette is a bit small for him, but perfect for me! And I love the poached ability, eggs Benedict is a favorite around here. 10 minutes, perfect eggs every time.
 I suck at  making hard boiled eggs.  I've Googled instructions, there are like 20 different variations of it...  You spend money on eggs, time boiling them, time cooling them down, just to crack them open and find out they are either runny inside, or they are overcooked and you have that unsightly gray ring around the yolk...  This device is awesome!  Poke the hole in the bottom of the egg, put the egg in the ring, pour the appropriate amount of water into it (the measuring cup tells you), plug it in and wait.  No need to set up a timer, it will buzz when the water is gone.  I loved it so much, I bought one and shipped it to my mom!
 What an amazing product for so little money!<br/><br/>We have had this for a few months and have used it several times a week. The primary use it has received is making hard-boiled eggs. They are perfect every time and it's incredibly easy. I have always loved soft boiled eggs but they are too much of a hassle to deal with most of the time. Not anymore. The Dash cooks them to perfection with no problems. Without a doubt, this has been one of the most useful additions to the kitchen we've ever had.<br/><br/>Egg lovers, rejoice.
 I bought this because I enjoy soft and hard boiled eggs and they never come out perfect in the pot. This gadget is very small about the size of a cereal bowl which is great for storage, you poke holes on the bottom of your eggs pour the amount of water associated with how cooked you want your eggs and wait until the water is gone it then makes an alarm like noise to tell you they are done. So far I have only made hard boiled eggs with this but man are they good! No sulfur smell in my house or greenish over cooked yolks no more! Wonderful gadget, life changing!
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R6VKXHQ39JHQ9"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1usqd+xzES.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91QKijshtOS.png"/> My wife got this for me for Christmas since I like to eat boiled eggs. It cooks the eggs perfectly and doesn’t take long. Easy to clean up when done. The alarm is loud and always makes me and my kids jump. Not a big deal. I use it almost everyday so I can eat boiled eggs on the way to work. This products works very well. I started a YouTube channel called KProductsReview and have a video showing how I use the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker making boiled eggs. I’ll upload it here too.
 Recommended by a friend and I love this egg cooker! We like hard boiled eggs  and like them with a nice yellow center and too often, I get green/gray outer edges. Worse, I have had issues when peeling the egg - pretty much pieces of the egg come off with the peel. No more! I've used this egg cooker 6 or 7 times so far and I'm getting perfect hard boiled eggs. You poke the wide end of the egg, put it in the cooker with the poke hole facing up, pour in the water, put the top on, press the button. In about 12 minutes, the eggs are done. And the shell comes off so much easier on these eggs. Maybe because they were steamed or because of the poke hole - I don't know why and I don't really care. I haven't tried soft boiled or poached eggs in this cooker. I loved it so much I bought two more for gifts for ladies that will love this too.
 I wanted something that would let me cook boiled eggs quickly without constant monitoring and water changes and such. This fit the bill. It cooks 6 eggs in under 20 minutes that are easy to peel and perfectly done Every Time. For the price, you can't beat it. And, when we had a Superbowl party and I was designated deviled egg maker, this worked perfectly. I wouldn't trade it for anything and definitely is one of my favorite "appliances that replace other appliances" . It's right up there with my crock pots, sandwich maker and electric griddle.
 I've had this thing for quite a while and figured it's about time I do a review. I've made many dozens of eggs in this thing and I can't imagine ever going back to boiling eggs in a pot.<br/><br/>Let's talk about the buzzer first though. Yes it is as bad as all the reviews say it is, the thing is like a nuclear war alarm. I've pretty much gotten used to it at this point and while I could easily take a star off for the fact that they could have gone with a less annoying buzzer I won't because I just love this cooker so much. If you want a more gentle buzzer the 12 capacity cooker from the same brand(which I also happen to have) has a much quieter one that won't wake up the whole neighborhood.<br/><br/>I'm also going to mention that I only do hard boiled eggs in this cooker, I absolutely will not eat an egg if it is under cooked so I can't comment on how well it does soft boiled or poached eggs because I simply don't make them. It does hard boiled eggs beautifully though. They always come out with perfectly yellow yolks that never turn even the slightest bit gray. For the most part they do peel pretty easily but it also depends on the age of your eggs, older eggs peel easier than fresher eggs.<br/><br/>It is also incredibly small and takes up very little space on the counter. Which is great because I already have very little counter space to spare.<br/><br/>As far as the clean up goes I have a tip to make that metal plate look shiny and new every single time. All you have to do it pour a little white vinegar directly onto the plate while it's still hot, let it sit for a minute and then just wipe it off with a paper towel. A lot of people mentioned the brown residue that builds up on the metal plate while cooking. The residue is NOT rust, it even says that in the manual. It is also not from using tap water, I've tried using distilled water and saw no difference. The residue is from the minerals of the egg shells. The vinegar trick I mentioned above will get rid of all that residue though. I hope this is helpful to someone.<br/><br/>In conclusion, I love this egg cooker and highly recommend it as long as you can get past the horrible buzzer.
 Cute. Watching it makes you happy.<br/>A breeze to clean.<br/><br/>You'd think it being all made out of plastic would cause it to melt. Nope. I'm truly amazed how they engineered the heat transfer.<br/><br/>The coolest thing about it is that it automatically turns off when it's done. It knows when it's done by when the water is gone. Such a brilliant design. Thus you control the duration by how much water you put into it. And of course they have a pre-labeled water measurer marked for different styles of cooking (poached, medium-boiled, soft-boiled, etc)<br/><br/>The only thing a bit confusing is how they conveyed the measurements (or lack thereof) of how much water to put for various numbers of eggs.<br/>There is a little table in the instructions, but it's labeled without units, and it's not clear at all.<br/>But of course, you can just do trial and error, and mark your own preferred water levels on the mark for numbers of eggs, and how well done you like your boiled eggs.
 I was so excited to receive this for Christmas, so my teenage kids could easily cook hardboiled eggs and omelets. Its compact enough to store and easy to wash. Cooking hard boiled eggs wasn't too cumbersome either. What didn't work was cooking an omelet. We did exactly what the instructions shared; however, when the timer went off the omelet was runny liquids in the middle and the water in the basin area had evaporated which I think is why the timer went off. We tried cooking an omelet several times and the same thing would happen... the water in the basin would evaporate causing the egg cooker start alarming. When we checked on the omelet, the middle was runny.
 I like this egg maker. I only gave it a 4 star because it takes some getting used to before you get your eggs the way you like them. There is no timer on it. You put a certain amount of water in and when all the water is gone the alarm goes off. I will say, the alarm is obnoxious. The sound it makes when it goes off makes you think something is wrong and it doesn't shut off on it's own. You have to turn it off manually which can be annoying if you aren't standing next to it when it goes off. You have to poke a hole in the eggs before you cook them, it's not bad at all. I like that you just add the water, poke a hole in the eggs and put the lid on and that's it. Pretty simple for boiled eggs. I did have a few batches not cook all the way through. For the price, it's worth it.
 Couldn't wait to get this in the mail and am not disappointed!  My husband informed me while I was at work that "my weird egg harvester thing" had arrived. He doesn't get it...yet.<br/><br/>I opened it as soon as I arrived home and popped six eggs right in, after double checking the directions of course. I've already watched a bunch of unboxings and reviews.<br/><br/>I must eggspress how much I love eggs. It's a lot.<br/><br/>Anyhow, followed the directions. Made the pinhole with the included hole popper thing/measuring cup, added the amount of water for hard boiled, put the top on and pressed go.<br/><br/>In about 10/12 minutes it made a VERY loud done noise. I'm not gonna lie, it startled the crap outta me, but there was no mistaking that my eggs were ready.<br/><br/>I ran cold water over them for a few, then had to see the results. They came out perfect!!  Not too done, just the right amount. I love this thing. I can't wait to try out soft boiled for breakfast.<br/><br/>Definitely recommend for fellow egg people who don't wanna bother with boiling pots of water and eggs cracking and boiling pots of water. Also, people that don't wanted to bother with boiling pots of water. :)
 The wheel.<br/><br/>The printing press.<br/><br/>The Dash Rapid Egg Cooker.<br/><br/>These are the inventions that have revolutionized our world.<br/><br/>They should give these things out instead of medals at the Olympics. I am now responsible for an egg shortage at all of the grocery stores in town and my family knows that we are to make sure to grab our egg cooker and escape in case of a house fire.
 This thing is pretty amazing. It cooks my eggs fast and I don't have to worry about watching a timer or possibly over/under-cooking my eggs. The buzzer that tells you they're done is really obnoxious and loud, BUT its good because you basically HAVE to get up and turn it off. So that way your eggs are perfect every time. I did have an issue once when I accidentally bought XL eggs instead of my standard Large eggs and the egg white basically boiled out of the top of the egg and got on the heating plate. I've never experienced that with my standard Large eggs. One other thing is that my boiled eggs peel SO EASILY now! I always struggled with that before.
 My husband LOVES boiled eggs and was driving me crazy with buying them already boiled every time I went grocery shopping. I did some research and saw other reviews and decided to try this one out. He LOVES it! It works great, its small and sits out on the counter without taking up space. The eggs have come out absolutely perfect every time. Yes, the metal part at the bottom does stain, and yes the alarm is pretty annoying. Who cares? In the time I have had this little cooker, I have saved over $10 I would have spent buying eggs already boiled. He can make them anytime he wants; it doesn't take long and he doesn't have to stand over the stove and watch a boiling pot.
 Does it all! Wonderfully tasty eggs fixed the way you want them fast and without error! I haven't had soft boil eggs since I was  a kid because I was never able to make them right! This does it and does it right.  You just fill the water glass to the amount needed for the type of egg you wish, plug it in, set the timer and GO! Perfect egg every time! Now please know that you may need a tad more or less water, it all depends on how you like you egg BUT I'l say 1 tiny tweek to the time and done deal! I make 6 in the evening, put in the refrig and then next morning grab them to take to the office....Health, quick, great tasting...I give this a 4.5!
 This thing is my favorite kitchen item.  I thought it was a silly item until I purchased and used it.  Wow!  I have since purchased it for other people who also love it.  I use mine for hard boiled eggs.  Even with farm fresh eggs, I can peel the eggs easily and have smooth whites for deviled eggs.  I have friends who love it for omelets, and friends who love using it for poached eggs.  Just put your eggs/ingredients in, and walk away to finish your morning routine.  When it is ready, it will let you know.  I get a kick out of poking the little hole in the egg.  Some reviews said they break the egg when they do that.  I have not broken one; perhaps they are not holding the egg when they do that.  If you hold the egg in your hand, it pokes easily without breaking.  I put the cooked eggs into ice water as soon as the timer goes off, and I never have green around the yolk.  My friends who make poached eggs said you have to figure out the timing depending on how set or runny you like your egg.  This thing is the best gadget you didn't know you needed!
 This device works as advertised.  They only thing that I can say is that it's made out of very cheap light weight plastic.  The jury is still out, but this egg cooker probably won't last very long in my big hands.  There are many bad reviews about poaching eggs with it.  I tried a few times, and found that the steam settles into the poached egg holder and if you're not careful flipping the poached eggs onto your plate you will end up with a lot of hot water on our plate.  We found that if you take the eggs from the holder with a small slotted spoon you will get a nice poached egg without all of the water.  Overall, it's not a bad purchase.
 Definitely had to review this product, I love mine!! if you make eggs on a regular basis you need one of these.  I struggled making eggs for years, I hated the process of peeling the eggs especially when the shell didnt come off easy.  With this the eggs come out exactly how you want them every single time and the shells literally fall off by simply tapping each end and rolling them in your hand.  Must have for boiled egg eaters!  one note, I did notice the metal tarnishing already, looks like it could be a little cheap not sure it effects anything but still I highly recommend getting one of these!
 I don't like frivolous gadgets but this little boiled egg cooker is really useful.  After a bit of calibration (I use slightly more water than called for to get fully cooked egg centers.) it cooks perfect boiled eggs every time.  I can cook any number I want and they turn out perfect every time.  Don't bother to use the pin provided to poke a hole in the eggshell.<br/>Hint:  Put water in the boiler tray immediately after you take the eggs out to keep it clean.
 This little guy is fantastic!<br/>Makes perfect soft boiled, hard boiled for deviled eggs, poached, and the perfect omlette!
 I bought this because I eat a ton of eggs and it has such great reviews.  It was under the impression that just following the instructions should produce perfectly cooked eggs every time but unfortunately that just wasn’t the case for me. Hard cooked eggs for deviled eggs came out undercooked in the middle. I mostly eat poached eggs so I tried using the poaching tray many times. Filling the water to the poach line poduced eggs that were set on the top with the yolk and white completely raw on the bottom. I tried experimenting with adding a little more water each time and the best I could get it was completely cooked yolk on the top and raw yolk on the bottom. I don’t know if I got a bad unit or if all these people just like eating gross eggs but I’ve given up on this thing.
 I am in love with this egg cooker. I have done it all with this thing: hard boiled, soft boiled, poached and omelets. I am still getting the hang of poached, but getting there. Have to use a bit more water than called for to get the whites cooked and the yolk still soft. Also - don't forget to spray the tray with cooking spray when doing poached or omelet to make them slid out easily. Cleanup is a breeze. I use a little bit of White Vinegar to clean the heating pad (where the water goes) and it comes out just like new. One of my best purchases.
 I was a bit skeptical but the product is perfect.  In 16 mins you get 6 perfectly cooked hard boiled eggs.  I much better solution than a boiling pot of water.  Since it takes 30 mins to cook 12 eggs in a pot anyway and removing the shell is at best hit or miss; I can cook 12 in the Dash in the same amount of  time plus getting the shell off is very easy.<br/><br/>NOTE: The unit will not auto shutoff so you must still attend the process but it buzzes loud enough to be heard all over the house.
 I bought this after seeing it mentioned in an online article.  I had no idea how tremendous this little device would be!  It definitely is a superior way to cook hard boiled eggs which are great to have on hand as a lean source of protein.  But you can also make poached eggs and an omelette.  Today I steamed a portion of broccoli.  I'll probably use it as well to make baby food for my new grandson.  That's a lot of value for a product costing well under $20!
 The main selling point of this item should be that it saves time over boiling eggs in the pan.  The trouble is, it doesn't really do that, because you often have to refill the water more than once so you can't just set it up and leave it to do it's thing.  It doesn't even matter if you're cooking 2 eggs or 6 eggs, the water measuring item is all wrong.  Fill it right up to the hard-boiled level and it still doesn't even cook them to soft-boiled.  I mean, in time you can probably figure it out but after five or six attempts I'm still guessing, and haven't gotten a good egg without spending as much time messing around with the thing as I would pan-boiling them.  The alarm sound is also ridiculously loud and annoying, so if you leave the thing alone you run the risk of annoying/waking up everyone in the house. And your neighbours too probably (if you live in an apartment).<br/><br/>Edit - I've used this a couple more times now and if anything, it's getting worse.  Five eggs yesterday, didn't go too badly.  Three eggs today, filled it up 1.5 times, so it leaked water out onto the worktop. Ok no big deal.  Crack one open, nope not even soft-boiled.  Add some more water and cook the remaining two eggs again.  Crack one open, still barely soft-boiled, runny yolk, and partially runny white.  Third attempt with the final egg, just about acceptable but far from perfect.  Just not worth the time and effort anymore, back to the pan it is.  I hope someone can produce one of these things that actually works like it's supposed to.
 Certainly is easy to use and other than it takes up valuable counter space, I found that the cooking times were all over the clock.  For a medium soft egg, one time was right on; the next was so raw that it needed to be cooked again.  I actually timed the process and found about a 50% variability for the same amount of added water.  Hard boiled was no problem.  It also makes a difference in cooking time for the type of egg being cooked--brown eggs take more time than white, so don't mix them in the cooker!  I gave it away to a less exacting person.
 I would have given this five stars because it works well. However, the buzzer that goes off when the eggs are done sounds like some kind of emergency alarm and IT DOESN'T STOP! My husband and I freaked out when we first heard it because we didn't know what it was. Why doesn't it just beep? Or some kind of sound with pauses? Why make it sound like an emergency buzzer?
 I use this mainly for poaching eggs. It cooks them perfectly and in a short time frame. I also use it to make hard boiled eggs occasionally, mainly for tuna. To make cleaning easier, I recommend using some type of oil before poaching. I use olive oil. I put a little in each side and rub it in thoroughly. Then I crack my eggs and drop them in. Follow the rest of the instructions for excellent poached eggs. With the oil, the eggs slide off easily leaving very little if any egg on the side. Now if only I can make some hollandaise sauce easily for some eggs benedict.....<br/><br/>Its compact which allows it to take very little room. Cleaning is easy. The instructions are easy. It works so well, my dad and sister got one too. They use it for hard boiled eggs mainly, but my sister liked the poached eggs as well.<br/><br/>I've not used the omelette feature yet, so I can't really say how that works. I have read that sometimes it doesn't cook omelettes thoroughly and a second cooking will do the trick. If this is the case, a second cooking is not a big deal, at least not for me. I suspect that putting too much in the omelette dish is what requires a second cooking.<br/><br/>Either way, I'm very happy with this purchase and would recommend it. My father and sister each bought one and are happy as well.
 Great little gadget. I discovered by accident and confirmed through experimentation that if you start it dry when using the omelet dish, the eggs will bubble up a bit and have a much better texture. Load up the eggs, put on the cover, but don't add water. When the alarm sounds, turn it off (just stops the alarm, doesn't turn off the heat), add the water, give it just a second, then turn the alarm back on. Using it as directed, the eggs come out too smooth and slick for my liking. Boiled eggs come out great, and I haven't tried poached.
 This is an awesome little cooker.  To get the best hard-boiled eggs I actually add water above the line on the measuring cup when doing 6 eggs and then let them set for about 2 minutes after the timer.  A perfect egg that shells so easily.  But what I really like is the omelette maker.  I make egg, sausage, and cheese sandwiches at least once a week, and the omelette maker creates a perfectly cooked egg that fits on a slice of bread exactly.  Add green peppers, onions, bits of cooked sausage, shredded cheese, and you have the perfect egg sandwich.  This is a must item if you are an egg enthusiast.
 I love hard boiled eggs, but have always had problems getting fresh eggs to peel decent.<br/>I tried all of the tricks for "easy peel" eggs and failed every time (other than giving them a week or 2 to age)<br/>I've cooked at least 5 dozen FRESH eggs in this cooker and almost every single one of them came out easier to peel than anything I've tried before.<br/>I'm buying another one today.
 I love that with one push of a button I can run off and do other tasks; a beeper indicates when it's time to shift the eggs to cold water.  I used to get distracted when boiling eggs; letting the water boil off with many heat-distressed pans to show for it.  Remember that "a forkful of egg salad represents more cruelty than a fork-full of steak" -- unless your eggs are labeled "pasture-raised" they come from laying hens that have been over-stocked in Treblinka-esque battery cages.  I hadn't eaten eggs for years but we've found a humanely-raised source and I'm now delighting in them daily thanks to this handy gizmo.  (Since farm-fresh eggs tend to adhere to the shells more, I've found that refrigerating the boiled eggs overnight works like a charm for removing the shells from newly-layed eggs.)
 Overall, I love this product for hard boiling eggs and making easy omelets. The only issue is when I make boiled eggs there is staining on the metal bottom and a faint burnt odor comes from it. The stain can be mostly wiped off with a damp cloth, but is still slightly visible and the eggs are perfect. A bit of nuisance, but the overall product is great.
 This egg cooker works very well, is small, and highly convenient. I liked it so much that I bought one as a gift for a friend, and he likes it too although he received a defective measuring cup that had a hole in the bottom. A couple of hints, be sure to use spray on cooking oil on the omelette and  poached egg tray, be sure to use the small spike on the measuring cup to place a hole in the top of eggs you're hard boiling, and finally, if it seems like it isn't cooking the eggs enough, fill the measuring cup with just a small amount of extra water, beyond the measurement on the cup, that's what determines how long the eggs are cooked.
 Like a little kid on Christmas, I open the box as soon as I got home from work. After a quick little wash of all the parts, I immediately began trying to cook everything (except soft boiled eggs, never been a fan).<br/><br/>Omelette - perfect. I added a little cheese and it was wonderful. Fluffy and soft. Great with some good toast.<br/><br/>Hard and Medium boiled eggs - again perfect.  The whites were wonderful and the yokes were what you dream of when you think of perfectly boiled eggs. Also, no weird green/gray ring around the yoke.  Poking a hole in the egg was a little nerve wracking at first because I am a big clumsy oaf and thought I was going to smash the eggs but I did not.<br/><br/>Poached - they were great. Next time I might add a little more water as the whites were not quite as firm as I prefer for poached (yes I'm ow they will be runny on poached eggs, but these were a little toouch so for my taste).<br/><br/>So why 4 stars you may be asking after such a great review.  THAT SOUND THOUGH...  I mean I understand a timer needing to make a sound to make you aware the process is complete, but Lord have mercy. It sounds like someone took and ice cream truck and beat the living hell out of it until it scared away all the cats from their neighborhood and then decided they wanted to share that sound with the world.<br/><br/>That is why 4 stars. That God awful sound that shanks my soul like a snitch in prison.
 It's awesome!  I use it often.  Once you get the exact amount of water dialed in to make your eggs the way YOU want them this thing does the rest consistently every single time.  The first one I bought was for me, the second one for my wife and now she's making them her way and loves this thing too.  I'm trying to thing of something negative to write to balance out the positive and can't think of anything.
 I bought this to use at my desk at work and I have to say it cooks perfect hard-boiled and medium-boiled eggs. I haven't tried making any other kinds because I prefer these for breakfast, but I do have plans to try many of the things that are listed on the box like steaming veggies, poached eggs, and omelets, but not fish because it's poor etiquette to cook fish in an office setting. I like having the buzzer on the machine because sometimes I start getting into work and am distracted within the 9-ish minutes it takes to cook the eggs (I usually cook two at a time). The only thing I wish is that the buzzer wasn't so loud or had a volume control because if there are other people in the office they think there is an alarm going off or something, but I get to work way earlier than most people so it's not usually an issue. This is a very minor issue, though, because it's better to have the alarm than not.
 This was an Amazon Recommendation and judging by the 5 star reviews, I just couldn't go wrong.  After the first use, I like medium done poached eggs.  I followed the directions and measured the right amount of water.  What i got when the timer went off was a nice poach but really much more runny than I prefer.  The second use provided worse results.  I put enough water for hard poached eggs.  When the water was gone, the timer went off and the eggs were cooked on top but the underside was completely clear and runny.  I'm reading the warranty next to see how to get my money back or exchanged.
 The egg at the end cooked as it is promised however i have several problem:<br/>1. you have to poke the egg everytime so if you accidentally loose the needle then the thing is useless.<br/>2. it makes a LOUD high pitched beeps when it is done and it DOES NOT go away, it is really unpleasant sound.<br/>3. it does not poach the egg well, the bottom of the egg white is uncooked where the surface is very cooked.<br/><br/>It takes a lot space on my counter and i think i rather just boil egg myself. so i do not recommend this.
 Updating my review from 1 to 4 stars. Even though the Omelette feature does not cook in the times that is stated---I have to refill the water and "cook" 3-4 more times in order for the omelette to cook through! I was hoping this would speed up my egg making for my kids in the morning before school, not even close. Also, the "ready beep" is loud and stays on for a long time. Very annoying and loud. The auto-shut off doesn't happen for at least 2-3++minutes. You need to run over to the machine and turn it off to get the beeping to stop.....I have figured out how to use in spite  of the kinks and the way it executes the omelet is actually very nice (light and fluffy) and perfect to cut up in bite size pieces for my kids.
 This little cooker is fantastic.  I usually do not buy appliances that are limited to one purpose, but after a friend told me about it, I thought it sounded good.  Better than good.  Takes up very little space in a kitchen drawer, easy to use and clean.  Eggs cook quickly, the alarm can wake the dead, but hey when I wander aware it gets my attention! The eggs are creamy and delicious (steamed not boiled) and, get this...every egg peels easily within seconds!  I've used the poaching and omelet feature, and they are ok, but it's the hardboiled and softboiled eggs (control by the amount of water you add) that are my go to.  Buy it! You will not be disappointed.
 I really love this device. It saves me time in the morning as I try to get ready for work and cook at the same time. The eggs come out amazing and is very efficient. I bought this mostly to make hard boiled eggs but I have also used it to make an omelette which came out fine.<br/> No you are probably wondering why the four stars. The reason I knocked off a star is because of the buzzer. When the eggs are done a buzzer sounds and you have to manually shut it off. There is no off switch for the buzzer. Which I find kind of a pain in the butt.  But overall for the price I really love this thing. I highly recommend it.
 I love this little egg cooker.  It's small so it doesn't take up a lot of room.  I followed the directions for the type of egg I wanted (usually hard boiled) and they come out perfect every time!  I also love that they peel pretty darn easy (easier than when I used to do them on the stove).  The only complaint would be the noise when it's done, very loud and obnoxious.  But I think its to make sure you don't miss the timer saying they are done... you wouldn't want to leave them in and overcook them.  The noise is not a deal breaker for me (just don't use it when people are sleeping).
 I love hard boiled eggs for protein especially when I’m on the go as a student/worker but it’s hard to wait for the water to boil then put In the eggs and get ready all at the same time. This cooker is amazing!! Saves me time, it’s quick and I don’t have to watch it while it cooks I can go get ready and then I hear a loud buzzer notifying me when the eggs are done! (The buzzer is really loud sounds like a basketball game buzzer) I was surprised how fast the eggs cooked and was afraid they were still raw.
 This is a life saver with all the eggs eaten in this house! This has been best for hard boiled eggs just the way each person in my house likes them...I like them soft and gooey so I get mine and my kids like firm or best for egg salad. It's great. The poached feature we still have to play with a little...that hasn't seemed to suit the way my kids like their eggs but we still have to play with that a bit. We love it...it's so easy and yes...it's normal that it looks rusted but I highly recommend!
 UPDATE: Perfect poached eggs! I bit a little more water in the measuring cup that the line but that’s just my preference. Don’t forgot to use a spray cooking oil. Haven’t tried scrambled yet but imagine it works well for that, too!<br/><br/>Original: I’ve only used it to hard boil eggs and it has been great. I actually eat hard boiled eggs again because it's so easy! However, my heart stops when the timer goes off..check the video reviews. It’s a high pitched piercing sound. Positive thing is that my butt gets off the couch real fast to turn it off!
 I bought this Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker after a friend posted pictures of hers on social media. We like hard-boiled eggs in our house and this is the easiest way to make hard-boiled, soft-boiled, poached, "steamed," and a little 2-egg omelette...incredible little machine. You use the cup to measure the amount of water according to which type of egg you want to make, pour it on the hot plate, put the eggs in the proper container, put the cover on, push the power button and wait for the "done" alarm to sound. No more timing...and you get perfect eggs every time. Using the little egg piercing poker on the bottom of the water cup makes the shells so much easier to peel off!! I've been recommending this to everyone.
 Works very well.  Super easy to use.  My only complaint is the alarm that indicates that eggs are done should be used for the Zombie Apocalypse.  Seriously, the first time it went off, I nearly soiled me bloomers and was putting on shoes to evacuate my condo.  Went in the hall and the sound wasn't there went back into deafening screech in my condo looking for a ladder to remove the batteries from my smoke detector, then...duh, the egg cooker.  I made eggs three times and it makes me jump every time and I am not a person easily startled.  I
 Cooks eggs very well, but not for the Trump era. Every time it finishes cooking eggs, it makes the exact sound that the emergency alert makes on TV and radio. At a time when we are all looking for incoming missiles, this is not helpful.
 At first I thought my eggs were coming out undercooked. Then I discovered the secret: residual heat. Instead of grabbing the eggs and throwing them in an ice water bath when the timer goes off, like I would when making traditional stove-top eggs, I simply turn off the unit and walk away. Once the eggs are cool enough to touch, they're the perfect done-ness. And poking a hole in the large end of the egg seems to make a big difference in peeling - I just tap the poked end (ha) against the counter to crack the shell and it peels right off; it's much much easier than when I boil eggs. I'll never eat cold boiled eggs again!
 First I wanted to just buy an egg poacher and then I came across this cute little thing.<br/><br/>It is amazing! I can get ready in the morning without having to run back and forth having to keep an eye on the stove.<br/><br/>It comes with everything you need from an alarm when the eggs are ready based on your desired consistency and a needle on the bottom of the measuring cup to poke your eggs for easier peeling.<br/><br/>I've no idea how long I was able to live without this because I use it every day 😀
 This is honestly the best purchase I have ever made.  Maybe you don't need it if you can boil eggs and have them come out right every time, but I just...can't...do it.  I have checked for advice online.  I have talked to my 92-year-old grandmother.  I have done everything - the ice, etc.  I just can't peel the darn things.  Even if you normally can do it on your own, this would be a lot easier than boiling water, timing them, icing them, etc.  This Egg Cooker is magical.  It's MAGICAL.  You don't even need to time them.  It knows to do 12 minutes for 3 eggs and 17 for 6 eggs though I don't know how.  But I have tested it.  Its magic.  Eggs peel perfectly every time.  Its beautiful.
 I love this gizmo. No more wasting time filling a pot with water waiting ten or more minutes for it to heat up then timing it so my eggs come out right. Just add the eggs you want to this, fill with the recommended water amount (more for harder eggs, less for softer) then push the button down to start. Really easy.<br/><br/>Tip: you can leave your eggs under the plastic dome after the machine turns off if the eggs aren’t done to your liking. They’ll keep cooking.<br/><br/>Con: the sound when the eggs goes off is crazy loud. Worse than a smoke detector. Although I suppose it’s that loud to alert you to turn it off so it doesn’t catch on fire when done.
 It doesn't get much easier than this egg cooker.  It's compact and easy to use with virtually no clean up, especially if you're just boiling eggs.  It cooks my eggs quickly and there is no mess.  I use it at my cubicle desk.  Other than the buzzer that rings when my eggs are cooking, it is not disruptive in the office.  There is no odor when the eggs are cooking so it's perfect for use in an office environment.  I've made omelettes with sausage crumbles and boiled eggs numerous times, and I'm very pleased with the performance of this egg cooker.  I've used a ceramic egg cooker in the past and the texture of my eggs in the DASH cooker is similar to eggs cooked on the stovetop.
 This little egg cooker does it's job - I have so far used it to hardboil eggs.  It's 'timer' is based on amount of water added and it sounds a buzzer (a sortof off-putting buzzer, but it does it's job of letting you know you need to come back and turn it off since it's dry) when complete.  It'ss smaller than I expected, but fits the eggs well and takes up very little counter space.  It heats the water quickly and the timing seems accurate so far.<br/><br/>It is not an automatic shut-off, so its important to not go too far during the short cook time.  I expect it wouldn't be very pleasant to have it run dry for a long period with eggs inside.<br/><br/>It works well, and I like it.
 I like medium boiled eggs. So you know how hard it is to get that right? Most of the time I am so disappointed in my eggs. But with this adorable device my eggs are PREFECT every time. The timer is so loud you can't avoid it. Here's a hint of you like extra large or jumbo eggs like I do, add a tiny bit more water. It was made for small or medium and your eggs will be under cooked.<br/><br/>I put the water halfway between medium and hard and my eggs are great. Fully cooked but still soft and creamy. I am so happy. My boyfriend laughed at me for "wasting money" on this. But now I don't throw away eggs because they are overcooked. And i can make them only when I want them a few at time. Love this thing.
 I bought this for myself because I love eggs for breakfast but hate cooking them....I have tried making the poached eggs a few times and the whites were runny and unappealing.  I have tried increasing the water level so they cook longer but that doesnt seem to help.  I have also let the eggs sit after the alarm goes off hoping they will "rest" and continue to cook.  Still runny and unappealing... On the good side, I have made several omelettes and they were very light and airy and cooked just the way I like them...I usually just beat them in a bowl with a little milk, some cheese and maybe a bit of very finely chopped veggies.  Love the omelettes and know I would love the poached if only I could find the magic water/time combination.  Next I will tackle the hard boiled eggs so wish me luck..
 For those that prep their meals and snacks ahead of time, this is PERFECT.  I start a batch while I'm prepping other snacks and meals and BOOM, I have six nicely cooked boiled eggs to divide up into the week for snacks in ye ol' lunch bucket. The style of the eggs (hard, med or soft) depends on the amount of water you us in the provided (and marked) measuring cup.  Turn it on, wait, and the crazy buzzer will sound off telling you the eggs are done. Takes about 10 minutes for perfectly boiled eggs. No mess, no fuss.
 This is the best little device out there ! Instead of getting a larger pot and waiting for the water to boil, you just add a little water to the bottom and hit start. They cook in record time and the buzzer ( is loud enough to hear ) when eggs are done. My 17 year old son is cooking his own eggs after working out now and I don't even have to. Also the little poker that pokes a hole on the bottom of the largest end is so simple-comes with a cover as well so you do not have to worry about any accidents. Cooking 4 now actually as I write this - So glad I came across this sweet little egg cooker for my sons Christmas gift. I'd get one for everyone in my family as well coming up this year I like it so much.
 Works well, quickly, and efficiently.  Still evaluating full range and the other options aside from egg boiling.  Based on the few batches I've done, I would say I have a preference for slightly more cooked yolks for hard boiled eggs, for the primary purpose I bought this for, and that's to make deviled eggs.  For regular eating purposes the yolks are fine.  Maybe a little more experimenting with different eggs will yield different results, and I am using the recommend water amount and don't know how much additional water would be safe to add.  Overall I am pleased with this.
 Good for basic hard boiled eggs. They do peel easier and aren't complicated to make. Perched eggs or even soft boiled is more complicated with this device. It  said that it stops on its own but there's no timer so what good is that unless you want hard boiled eggs. I thought it actually had a timer which you can set to go on and off which should help in making the eggs you want, when you want it. If you're just looking for hard boiled eggs this should be perfect.
 Not worth the 50 of the eggs that are cooked well.  Followed the instructions, good portion of the eggs overcooked and explode.
 ...get one of these sooner! Don't care how differently I hard boil eggs, I end up throwing half the egg out due to stupid sticking shells &gt;_&lt;  I was going to buy one of those eggsters or whatever they're called, then came across this little beauty. Have made several hard boiled eggs for different recipes &amp; not once did my eggs stick to the shell. My deviled eggs look gr8 now!  The little guide also gives you a few ideas on different preps. Have had scrambled eggs, super moist &amp; easy clean up. Takes up very little room on the shelf.
 Love it.  This is sooooo simple and makes perfect boiled eggs.  Easy to peel.  Tried making omelette's- turned out fine for one.  Steamed fresh cauliflower and also Asparagus- turned out perfect for a serving for one. Easy to clean.  Just follow the instructions.<br/>Update: about 5 months into twice weekly use, it started over cooking to the point of the shells being darkened on the outside. We use Egglands Best eggs so the shells are fairly dense. After 7 months of use, the button used to push in order to turn it on and then push it in to turn it off when the ringer sounds is in stuck in the on position. Have troubleshooted without success.  Also noticed the price has greatly increased from $14.96 purchase price last March 2016.  Time to replace, unfortunately...or try the oven method!
 My thoughts on the <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Dash-Rapid-Egg-Cooker-6-Egg-Capacity-Electric-Egg-Cooker-for-Hard-Boiled-Eggs-Poached-Eggs-Scrambled-Eggs-or-Omelets-with-Auto-Shut-Off-Feature-Black/dp/B00DDXWFY0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dash Rapid Egg Cooker: 6 Egg Capacity Electric Egg Cooker for Hard Boiled Eggs, Poached Eggs, Scrambled Eggs, or Omelets with Auto Shut Off Feature - Black</a>...I bought this because the family loves eggs in the morning, but get a little tired of the basic scramble or fried eggs.  I love hard boiled eggs, but it's usually a hassle and a crap shoot to get them right. I saw a few posts in social media about egg cookers and did some searching.  I found this product reviewed highly on a couple sites and the price was reasonable so I bought it.  Overall, this product exceeded my expectations and works as advertised.<br/><br/>PROS:<br/> - Consistency - the eggs come out the same every time<br/> - Ease of use - Pour in a little pre-measured water, pierce the top of egg (super easy with tool), put on the lid, push button (&lt; 1 minute effort)<br/> - Automatic - It beeps when done you don't have to watch it or maintain it<br/> - Flexibility - You can adjust the doneness of the egg by reducing the water (the measuring cut has recommended settings and that helps)<br/> - Fast - Depending on your hardness preference (4-8 minutes)<br/><br/>CONS<br/> - Another gadget to store in the kitchen somewhere<br/> - The unit is hot at the end of the cook, and you better wait until the steam escapes before touching/opening (&lt; 1 minute)<br/> - I've made so many eggs, I can't eat them all<br/><br/>It works with any size egg.  It cooks evenly regardless of 1 or 6 eggs.  I was happy to get a kitchen gadget that does exactly as it advertises for once. My wife didn't even yell at me for buying another gadget this time because she likes it so much.<br/><br/>TIP: Buy this hard boiled egg pealer...it's amazing and works every time. These two products together is a kitchen zen moment. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/THE-NEGG-BOILED-EGG-PEELER-RED/dp/B01MT9U0HK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">THE NEGG BOILED EGG PEELER RED</a><br/><br/>In summary, I highly recommend this product, and I would buy it again.
 This review is for the Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker.<br/><br/>I ordered the Aqua and it is so adorable. Cant believe I am saying that about an egg cooker.<br/><br/>Makes perfectly poached eggs. I did find I needed to tweak the amount of water to get them just the way I like them.<br/><br/>This is well worth what you pay. Well made and super easy to use.<br/><br/>So much better than what I was doing with a pan on the stove top.
 Here’s how this is going to go for you.<br/>Step 1: pull out the egg cooker and it’s 17 attachments from that drawer where you keep random kitchen stuff that always seems like a good buy.  You know the location I’m talking about<br/>Step 2: Figure out what kind of eggs you can cook based on the attachments you’ve lost<br/>Step 3: try to remember how you to use this thing.<br/>Step 4: regret throwing away that instruction book<br/>Step 5: watch a series of YouTube videos as you slowly wither away from hunger.
 The color alone makes me so incredibly happy! This little thing is pretty awesome.. poke a hole in some eggs, pour water in the basin, set it and forget it. There is a handy tray in case you want an itty bitty omelet or if you want a poached egg (it can poach 2 at a time).. which is great, because who has time to boil water, put in some vinegar and stir a damn egg into it in the morning hoping and praying it won't break? Not me, that is for sure. It boils 6 eggs at a time, and the beaker/poker cup has water fill lines on it telling you exactly how much water to add for each temperature boiled egg. The only negative is that the metal plate will discolor over time and I can't get it off :(
 Great. Easy clean up. Poached and hard and soft boiled are great. Omlette function is odd- created puffed eggs that looked like popcorn or Styrofoam. Not appealing. Only particularly bad thing is the noise when it is done. Piercing buzz that seems like it should convey something much more serious - like someone on their deathbed flatlining or "evacuate and take shelter". And it doesn't end until you unplug it or un-push the start button. It is the stuff of nightmares.
 This is possibly the BEST product I have ever found!! Well, I didn't actually "find" it -- a friend told me about it! What an awesome way to make hard-boiled and soft-boiled eggs!!!!! Easy peasy!!!! No more boiling a whole pot and watching a timer!!! Just put a little water in the bottom of this unit, put your eggs in the tray and press a button for Soft of Hard boiled eggs!!! The timer alarm on this unit is loud enough to hear in another room!! I did hard boiled eggs -- and the shells peeled right off!!! No more need to run under cold water!! Can't believe I lived this long without one!!!
 This is a fantastic egg cooker. We purchased this unit for the kids ages 9 and 12. Boiled eggs makes a healthy breakfast, and no boiling water means no mishaps or potential injuries. This cooker meets all my expectations. Out of the box, we steamed 6 eggs to a hard boil, and they came out absolutely perfect. Use common sense when handling the eggs, as they will be scalding hot. We went over some safety issues with the kids and we feel comfortable letting them get up in the mornings to cook their own eggs.
 I have been using this for about one month now and I have not had a single egg that was hard to peel after being hard boiled. Poking the shell with the included tool seems to allow the egg to separate from shell and makes for easy peeling. Today I made omelettes using the included pan. They were cooked to perfection in a very short time and tasted delicious. I will not be hard boiling eggs without this ever again.
 This was a replacement for an egg cooker I had for many years. Was skeptical of the low price but it's working remarkably well. So far have just used it for hard boiled eggs &amp; they have turned out evenly cooked &amp; easy to peel. I like the alarm that let's you know when the eggs are done, although you do have to unplug it to silence it. The included cup for measuring the water &amp; piercing the eggs is a nice touch &amp; the heating plate cleans up much easier than my old one.
 I LOVE THIS STUPID THING haha I bought this to make deviled eggs for Christmas day. Making hard boiled eggs was super easy. BUT the real gem of this product are the inserts to make pouched eggs and omlets. You put it on and go do other things. Come back and breakfast is ready. My husband made a face when he saw this on the counter but I have caught him making pouched eggs on a few occassions. Make sure you spray the intersts with cooking spray before you add the omlet or poached eggs.
 The product works as advertised, however, the pin at the bottom of the cup was missing and I had to improvise. Also, it said to get hard boiled eggs, you needed to cook it for 12 minutes. I measured the correct amount of water according to the line and it finished 5 minutes early. The water had all boiled off before the timer went off. The egg wasn't completely hard boiled but was well cooked for the time it did cook.
 I am an egg fanatic. form soft to hard boiled, to poached, omlettes, or scrambled, I love them all. I especially love this little gadget for hard boiling eggs. This tool takes the hassle out of boiling eggs and cuts the time virtually in half. Another plus to this appliance is its small footprint. It does not take up much counter space, and all of its parts can be stored inside and put away when not in use. My only gripe is the alarm. It is very loud and very annoying, but I it is important to have. If you do not want your eggs overdone, you have to go over and turn off the machine or else you will endure the screeching. If it were me, I would only deduct half a star for the noise, but Amazon doesn't work that way, so I have rounded down.
 My family &amp; I love to eat hardboiled eggs...but the process is a pain in the behind.  Not hard...but too long.  I bought this little cooker loving the idea that I could kind of assembly line hard boil eggs.  That is exactly what I do.  I use all of the space &amp; cook 7 eggs at a time.  They turn out perfectly hardboiled and  it takes about 5-6 min per "session".<br/><br/>I tried the egg piercer and didnt find that it made a difference in how the eggs cooked or their ability to peel after cooking.  So now I dont use it.<br/><br/>If you love hard boiled eggs, but are lazy &amp; dont like the rigamarole of traditionally hard boiling eggs (like me) - this is for you.
 So far I love this little baby.  I'm not a cook and have been known to burn boiled eggs!  I just followed directions for filling and the outcome is terrific.  Yes, the buzzer is loud - perfect for me as I frequently get occupied with something else and forget I have something cooking.  I put the eggs under cold water, add some ice and about 10 minutes later - easy peel the eggs.  Wish I had gotten this years ago.  Oh yes, I bought some vinegar and poured some in the egg cooker and let it sit.  Dumped the vinegar, wiped with a paper towel and voila the cooking area was spotless.  Who knew???
 My two year old is obsessed with hard boiled eggs.. having to boil the water and go through that whole process is time consuming.. if I forget about them it ends badly. I bought this hoping it would make my life easier and it did exactly that! Add water to the try, poke holes in the eggs, plug it in and voila! The plastic feels cheap and if not taken care of I doubt it would last long but I hand wash each piece and put it away between uses, so far no complaints.
 Nice little cooker.  Follow instructions and will get perfectly boiled eggs.  Clean up can be a chore on occasion if egg gets on them.  Instructions suggest not dishwasher safe (but reviews suggest otherwise).  No issues after repeated trips through dish washer.  Poached eggs - whites were a little runner than I prefer so will add a bit more water or just let them sit a minute.  Use multiple times a week.<br/>Update:  Very happy with purchase.  Orginal review still accurate.  Clean out base with white vinegar and water on occasion.  Use regularly.<br/><br/>Have had for a year and still happy with same.  I use for poached or omelettes regularly.  Don't use as often for boiled eggs as used to as wife makes bigger batches in insta-pot.  I still prefer to use this egg cooker.
 Surprisingly smaller than anticipated.  Fits right in the corner of my counter top without barely taking space away.  So, it's always ready to go.  I solely use it for cooking eggs in the shell; don't trust the plastic stuff so much for getting the egg content in direct contact with plastic trays over a metal heating plate.<br/>But as an egg cooker it does do a great job.  The automatic shut-off gives a sense of safety, however if you want the eggs cooked to exactly the consistency as you desire, you still need to stand by to take them out immediately after the shut-off in order to not have an after-cooking process.  Contrary to some reviews there is no buzzer or acoustic signal.
 I ordered this for a friend, not even knowing that egg cookers existed. We opened it up and could not get over how ADORABLE it was! Then we tested some of the features by hard boiling and poaching some eggs. We don't really eat omelettes.<br/><br/>We hard boiled eggs and took them out immediately (because we were too excited), it took about 10 minutes and I would recommend letting them sit in there for a couple minutes once the timer beeps because they were like medium-boiled. This would be perfect for making quick egg salad for one person without going through the hassle of boiling water and waiting.<br/><br/>Same goes for the poached egg. Got a little excited and it was pretty perfectly cooked when we took it out besides a little runny bit on top, just let it sit inside for another minute. It took about 6 minutes I'd say. I was so happy when it made a nice poached egg, it's my favorite way to eat an egg but I hate having to stand over the pot and wait for the perfect moment to take it out of the water. Now I can go do other things and come back to a perfect egg!<br/><br/>Overall, I am totally in love with this thing!! I hate making hard boiled eggs or even poached eggs because waiting for water to boil is actually a form of torture. This cooks the eggs perfectly with no waiting or mess! I am buying one for myself and everyone I know
 We love this thing! We use it daily, and that's no exaggeration. I use it every morning for my omelet, and my husband uses it every few days for his hard-boiled eggs. We like it so much we bought one for my Dad -- and he uses his every day! I read that someone complained about rust. They were mistaken, it's not rust at all. Depending upon whether you have hard or soft water, you'll eventually get some brownish residual. It's easy to clean with a sponge, and when I don't clean it for a while, I pour some white vinegar in the basin and let sit a bit. All the brownish residue comes right up.
 I cannot speak to the durability nor the versatility as I have only been using it for a few days and only do hard boiled eggs so far, but I love this little contraption and I plan on buying one for my parents!  It gets the job done quickly, and the eggs are easy to peel.  I have a love/hate relationship with the buzzer.  When the eggs are done, not only does the appliance shut off, but there is a buzzer that sounds until you go turn off the button.  I wish it just shut off.  It isn't such a deal changer though that I would knock it down a star as it does remind you that the eggs need to come off if you want them THAT done and no more (there is enough heat/steam that the eggs will keep cooking for a while if you let them stay in the appliance with the dome in place).  I look forward to trying omelets in the future.
 I bought this on a whim. It was a great sale, plus a rebate and cash back. I thought, hey, if the eggs are easier to peel it's worth it. We eat a fair amount of hard boiled eggs, but they never peel well. Oh my, was I pleasantly surprised. Not only does it make PERFECT hard boiled eggs that peel like a dream, it makes OMELETS! We try to eat low carb, and eat a lot of eggs, but I was getting sick of the standard scrambled eggs. This little beauty makes moist, delicious omelets that I have not grown tired of. I add another 50% more water for a 2 egg omelet. I have used this every day since I bought it. Bonus - my 9 year old is making her own omelets for breakfast!
 Product came on time and in substantial paking.I previously had used this product while visiting and liked it so much I purchased it.While on my visit the steamer had no usage info so I just put the eggs in fat end first and filled with water and waited for it to buzz.I let sit in steamer to cool several minutes them peeled them with ease.I have no idea why steaming makes eggs easier to peel than boiling but love my little egg cooker and will use it often.The product info says to poke a hole and cook on small end....not necessary in my kitchen.
 It's kind of stupid to think we need a special gadget just to boil eggs, but I'll be an SOB if I don't love this thing. I'll go through a dozen hard boiled eggs a week and this makes things sooooooooo much easier. Just pour a little water in and hit the button and you're done.<br/>The one complaint I have is the done buzzer is the most annoying sound of any kitchen appliance I've ever encountered. But at least it gets you to respond on time so you don't overcook the eggs.
 Once I got into the habit of using this, I LOVE it! I keep it on my counter-top and use it about twice a week. It is small and doesn't take up much room at all. I have used it for hard-boiled eggs and for poached eggs (using the round container) and the results have been consistently great!<br/><br/>The plastic measuring container is 'spot on' as far as the quantity of water needed for each type of egg (well, at least for the ways I've used it). It comes with a small detachable bottom that has a pin in it to puncture the fat end of the egg before you steam it. And, best of all, I don't have any trouble peeling these eggs! I just squish each end, then roll the egg to scrunch it, then peel from top to bottom and then around the middle. One HELPFUL HINT: once the alarm has gone off, remove the lid so the steam escapes. If you let them sit there, they will cook even more and I have found that green oxidation color around the yolk. If I take the lid off right away and let them sit, I have a nice moist perfect hard-boiled egg. I would imagine if you plop them in cold/ice water right away that would keep them from cooking more. as well.<br/><br/>ONE NEGATIVE ITEM (FOR ME) and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5: the alarm that automatically turns on when the eggs are done is quite shrill, like a smoke detector. I guess if you live in a house or bigger apt and have gone to another room then this might not be an issue. However, I live in a 575 sq foot, 1 bedroom apartment and the kitchen is right next to my living room (open concept) and this thing makes me jump up as soon as I hear it because I feel like my neighbors can hear it too and think my smoke detector has gone off. Although, it may auto-stop the cooking process,  the shrill alarm doesn't shut off until I push the button off. I guess I was expecting  something more like a BEEP (or repeating beep) when it is done. But, like I said, if you live in someplace bigger, this may actually be a plus so you can get back to the kitchen when the eggs are done.
 Over the years I've tried different ways to make hard-boiled eggs, but every time I got different results.  So, I was a little skeptical at first on this product, especially when reading reviews about the banshee-shreking timer alarm.  But the alarm sound wasn't bad at all, and the consistant quality of the resulting hard-boiled eggs is worth the price.  Unable to use Extra Large eggs since they are too big to fit the lid over them, so optimum results with Large eggs.  Also, so incredibly easy to peel so that the eggs are done and perfect looking!
 I've only used this egg cooker a couple times as of this review, but it's great.  I'm fully capable of boiling a well-cooked hard boiled egg on the stove, but this cooker makes it incredibly quick and easy.  The directions are easily understood, the eggs cook quickly, and they peel well also (especially if you put the eggs in an ice bath immediately after they finish cooking).<br/><br/>One thing to note is that 6 "jumbo" eggs, as opposed to large, will not fit in the cooker.  The lid will not close.  I was still able to do 4, however.
 I love this little gadget.  I have the smaller, 6 egg version.  Have used it for soft boiled (why bother it's so messy), hard boiled and mostly poached.  Easy to clean up.  Mine cooks on the raw side so I use a bit more water than the little cup lines say.  Just play around until you get the right egg texture.  Slip out of the cooking cup easily, but be careful it and the cooker part are very hot, and lots of steam when you first take off the lid.
 On a recent trip to Europe, I discovered that I like medium boiled eggs. So I came home, would let my egg sit out of the fridge for 10 minutes, boil the water, then submerge the egg and let it boil for 6 minutes. Yes. Six minutes. I would set the timer on the stove. While this yielded great results, it was also tedious and not the most "hurry up and get out of the house" friendly routine. Enter the dash go rapid egg cooker. Pierce your egg. Pour the water. Press the button and wait on the buzzer. DONE! No more stove timers for me!
 I've been trying to find a way to boil eggs that doesn't turn eggs green inside. Then there's the problem of peeling them. I've tried the 13 minute method. I've steamed them in my steamer. I never got results I wanted. Eggs wouldn't peel perfectly even if I used older eggs. I bought this thing. You put water in it, the eggs, and you walk away. Perfect boiled eggs everytime. Never had a problem peeling them. You will need a better piercer for the shells.
 I bought this for my sister because she makes eggs for her husband every week. She boils them, cools them in an ice bath, then peels them. The white part always sticks to the shell, what a mess. This machine is awesome! Cooks eggs perfectly, shells peel right off. She loves it❤️
 This is a wonderful kitchen gadget!! My husband was doubtful when I ordered from Amazon (after reading all the positive reviews!) - but now he's a 'believer' too!!!<br/><br/>The only downside is we wish it could do more eggs at once... We like to have some to make egg salad and still have some hard boiled eggs in the frig to grab for lunches etc... But that's a minor 'flaw'!!<br/><br/>Edited to add:  Absolutely LOVE this egg cooker -- have ended up getting several for friends as well and they've loved them too!!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  Did find one other "downside" -- wish the "done" alarm would have auto shut off or at least become intermittent after a few minutes so you don't have to immediately run over to shut off the ear piercing sound...  Maybe newer models will have this...??  But DEFINITELY GET ONE OF THESE if you eat eggs at all - BEST PURCHASE EVER!!!!
 Okay, so I’ve had this egg cooker for over a month now and I’ve been really happy with it. The truth though is that I use it almost always for making hard boiled eggs (perfect healthy snack food). I have used it for making some  omelettes, but they look so processed when I do make them. Taste is fine and they do cook well even when adding onions or cheese. But like I said; this product I bought for making hard boiled eggs because I’m horrible at boiling them in the stove. Here’s the best part for me and makes this product worth the money: after the eggs are done cookin and cooled just by placing them in the microwave, they’re so simple to peel. Literally takes only seconds. I’ve already recommended this product to a couple of family members.
 Makes hard boiled eggs a lot easier to cook and with hardly any cleanup. Used it three times so far, and have really liked how it cooks the eggs. However, I do have to say that removing the shells is no easier with eggs steamed in this device vs. the old fashioned way of boiling in water. And that is trying eggs from three different suppliers.<br/>However, that is NOT a big deal, at least to me.<br/>The end of the mess and making sure a pot does not boil over makes this a great buy.
 This is a fun little gadget.  I followed the directions for hard boiled eggs and they came out perfectly.  You use a tool to prick the larger, bottom side of the egg, and put that side up.  You add the desired amount of water for a hard boiled egg and put the lid on.  The cooker makes an alarm when finished. The egg shells peeled right off under cold water and didn't tear up the egg like they seem to do after being boiled in a pot.  I have not tried the omelette tray yet, but will soon.  There is an instructional book with recipes that is helpful.  It's a small appliance and does not eat up counter space.
 I had HG with this pregnancy and could not tolerate the smells of cooking for several months. My hubby is a protein crazy body builder that loooooves his eggs.  I bought him this as an apology that I wasn't cooking for him. He loves it!  Turns out it is one of the best thinking-of-you gifts I've ever given him. The eggs turn out perfectly. The heat automatically turns off when the eggs are done, so he throws in some water, puts in the eggs, presses 'on' and gets ready for work. By the time he's ready, the eggs are ready and cooled. Shells come right off and make perfect boiled eggs. He uses this daily with no problems and consistent eggs.
 Received this today so I had to give it a test drive. The hard boiled eggs turned out great (I left the lid on a minute or two after the timer sounded), as did the poached egg. I took the lid off directly when it sounded when I made a 2 egg omelette, and it could have steamed for a couple more minutes as it was a smidge runny when I flipped it out of the pan.  Works great!  I’d never used an egg cooker before, and wished I would have gotten it earlier
 Finally perfectly cooked eggs.  Funny story.  At Christmas, my mom was making deviled eggs.  She wouldn't use the egg cooker that my dad bought as she thought it was silly.  So she boils a dozen eggs and the darn things won't peel!! She was about to boil some more and I said, "mom let me make them in the egg cooker."  She rolls her eyes and walked away.  Fifteen minutes later I'm easily peeling perfectly cooked eggs.  She used the egg cooker eggs but muttered about it the entire time.  LOL
 Glad I came across it on Amazon!  Rarely had much luck in making soft and medium boiled eggs just right until now.  It does take some "practice" it getting it right.  Eggs out of the fridge do take a bit longer so simply add more water, a table spoon or two.  Eggs at room temperature come out great using the water recommended water levels.  Have to use vinegar to clean the water tray every few times after use due to the water quality here.
 This company over-delivered when it comes to stacking value. The packaging is amazing and they even have some recipes you can try inside the user manual. The instructions where very clear and the eggs taste delish! No more boiling water in a clunky pot. Also when the eggs are done a nice melody rings in the background. I was reading somewhere there was a loud buzzer but maybe they fixed that issue. If you like eggs you need this product.
 Used it for the first time tonight. Made 18 flawless hard boiled eggs while doing other things. Things about it that delight:<br/>1- It does exactly what it is supposed to.<br/>2- My wife thinks it's cute.<br/>3- The house doesn't stink from boiling eggs.<br/>4- By dropping the eggs in an ice water bath for 5 minutes, they peel easily.<br/>5- The alarm is nowhere as egregious as some of the reviews say. Good grief!<br/>Use a magic sponge to clean the heating surface - easy!
 It’s amazing how many times I had to look up how to make hard boiled eggs when I used the stovetop.  Did I bring the water to a boil first, lid/no lid, how long, etc., etc.  Using the rapid egg cooker is super easy and just as basic as can be!  I love it.  I purchased it quite some time ago and it is used on a regular basis.  As far as clean up - rinse the pieces and wipe it off and you’re done.  My eggs are perfect each time.  My only warning... the buzzer is super loud - so you’ll want to be close by when your cooking time is almost through.  And remember to shut it off vs pulling the plug.  Otherwise, the buzzer will start up again when you plug it in.  Definitely an appliance that I would recommend!  Enjoy!
 Seriously better than boiling eggs in a pot! Received this as a Christmas gift one year and I've been using it at least 2-3 times a week for my salads! I've only used this product for hard boiled eggs. They come out fully cook in less than 15 minutes. Be careful when they're done cooking, it's extremely hot. I would recommend letting it sit in the cooker for about 10 minutes (if you have the time) for them to cool down a bit. Otherwise, just run it under cold water. I've purchased this for friends who come over and ask me about my egg cooker sitting on my kitchen table. Best part is that it's easy to clean!
 This little gadget is the BOMB. My hubby makes fun of me with my gadgets, but he loves it, too.  Makes doing eggs so easy!.  I just set it up, go back to getting ready for work, and they are ready without me doing another thing.  I use extra large eggs and if I want soft boiled, I just fill the measure cup with water to the top line.  If I want a perfect hard boiled, I just fill it to the top of the cup.  It's relatively small, and will do six eggs at once.  I seriously love this thing.
 Very clever how the device works and seem to work well. The device works very well for cooking soft boiled eggs consistently. The water steams off and does all the cooking and timing. A very nice plus is that shell is pretty easy to remove. Fresh organic eggs can be very difficult to peel because the whites pull off in chunks with the shell. But after steaming and cooling in a water bath, most of the shell comes off cleanly (but it's never perfect). Recommended.
 If you want poached eggs, you have to put enough water in the device for hard boiled eggs...if want to do hard boiled eggs, you need to buy something else.  Unfortunately, I tried to contact customer support by email but they responded.
 i received one for a birthday present along with a set of new kitchen knives, i love kitchen ware! i have been using this egg cooker once a week since august and am sooo pleased with it. the shells peel right off and 12 min for hard cooked eggs, love it. i do keto so hard cooked eggs are my  thing. I told my mom about it and since here and her husband are also keto ing i sent them one. they were super excited when it arrived and started using it right away.
 This egg cooker is great! Very easy to use and clean! Makes fantastic eggs as well! My 4 year old had stopped eating eggs, but he now likes to help fix eggs with this and he now eats every bite! Also, don't let the loud buzzer keep you from buying this, it's loud, but that's kinda what it's intended for. Not as loud as a fire alarm as other reviews have stated.
 I rarely boil eggs because it's such a pain.  While researching how to more easily boil a perfect egg, I came across this awesome little egg cooker.  You put in the water (measuring cup provided), add the eggs (holds up to 6), pierce the egg ends with the pin provided, turn it on and wait for the buzzer.  You can walk away and not worry about watching boiling water.  So easy.  Both soft boiled and hard boiled eggs come out perfect.  Everything stores away inside the cooker, so it takes up little counter space (a premium in my small apartment).  I will definitely be having boiled eggs more often now.  I wish I had bought this long ago.<br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Dash-Go-Rapid-Egg-Cooker-White/dp/B00DDXYC6O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker, White</a>
 As another reviewer put it “where has this been my whole life!” I made a dozen hard boiled eggs. I followed the directions and the eggs turned out just as I hoped. They were easy to peel and perfectly cooked. Some things I learned was that the measuring cup has an egg piecer so you don’t need to buy one separately. If you do pierce your eggs make sure to do it over a plate or the sink. And an ice bath is definitely a good idea once the eggs are done. Things I don’t like was the sound the eggs make when eggs are done. It’s a bit jarring like a fire alarm.
 It's great! So easy to use no mess The shells come of easy as well. The omelettes are delicious. I'm 70 years old and live alone. The alarm is great too. It turns off by itself and the alarm is loud enough to hear over tv when the eggs are done and the water is gone. Almost half the time when I made hard boiled eggs on the stove the shells would stick to the egg. They don't with this great appliance. Bless the woman who told me about it at the super market. This thing isn't gathering dust!
 I love this thing!  It is very small and compact, easily sits on a counter or in a cabinet.  It cooked my hard boiled eggs perfectly!  I also love soft boiled eggs, so I will try that next.  You just add water, push the button, and it does the rest.  I thought it was a little weird that you poke a small hole in each shell (small hole poker included), but it was super easy to do, and didn't cause any problems.  It really makes boiling eggs fun!  The hard boiled eggs came out perfectly yellow, with no green, over cooked edge.  I've never been able to hard boil my eggs exactly right, but I can now!  It's the best small (and inexpensive) appliance I have ever owned.  I love this thing!
 So being suspicious about 'gimmicky' products I figured what the heck. Read the instructions and did 6 eggs-Now I struggled terribly with the peeling,that is what prompted the search for another answer, and I think this is it! Once I figured out that the membrane was the culprit to my peeling problem this cooker is the 'beast'!! Puncture the large end-put the small end down and push the button once you have added the right amount of water. Once the water is gone the cooker overheats and shuts off. AWESOME
 This little egg cooker has changed my life. I love eating healthy hard-boiled eggs but hated the time and effort it took to cook the eggs and cook them well. In the past it was a "hit or miss" ordeal--sometime over cooked or under cooked. No more!! With the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker I get perfect hard boiled eggs every time and the shells nearly fall off. I could not be happier with this product. It makes the perfect hard-boiled eggs nearly "set and forget".  I even love, and laugh at, the "wrath of a 1,000 demons" "buzzer". You can't miss it no matter where you are in the house! Don't think more about it...just buy one!!
 I absolutely love this little machine! It cooks a perfect egg every time and so quickly! It takes up very little space on the counter and in the cabinet (when not in use). I am so happy with this purchase! I did find out, however, that some people can not hear the sound that the cooker emits when it is finished cooking. My husband suffered some hearing loss when he was in the military and some sounds he can not hear. This is one of them. If you have hearing loss you can still use it, as long as you keep an eye on the machine, as it is finished cooking when the light goes out!
 Love this egg cooker.  I've only done boiled eggs so I can't comment on the other cooking features.  For boiled eggs this couldn't be easier.  Use the little measuring cup for the right amount of water, pour the water on the metal plate, put your eggs on the egg tray, push the button.  Boiled eggs have come out perfect every time.  The only annoying thing about it is that the alarm when it's done is practically like a fire alarm.  And it doesn't stop until you turn it off or unplug it.  So don't start your eggs and try to go take a shower.  This is not enough of an inconvenience for me to drop a star.
 Cooks eggs exactly like you want though, so its a good value for the price.  Ive never had a proper soft boiled egg before this since its so hard to get the timing down in a regular pot.  I always over/under cook them when I try soft-boiled, but this unit does them perfectly.  I didn't think the button worked on this thing for the first month i had it since  it was so difficult to push (i just got used to plugging/unplugging it to turn it on and off).  Alarm is really loud.
 This little device speeds up cooking of soft, medium and hard boiled eggs by at least 10 minutes because I don't have to wait for water to boil in a pot first.  Water starts steaming very quickly.  The alarm isn't crazy loud either.  Put the eggs in an ice bath afterwards and they peel easy.  Comes with a measuring cup that also has a pin on the bottom to puncture the eggs before cooking. Excellent instructions too. It also makes poached and small omelets too.
 This device is so easy and safe to use. I love hardboiled eggs; however, often times it seems near impossible to shell them without making them look botched! These eggs cook just right depending on how well done you like your hardboiled eggs. Moreover, their is a built in timer that sounds loudly to let you know the cooking is done. If you are like me, I get impatient waiting and watching water boil. So I can turn this egg cooker on - go get ready for the day - and turn it off when the timer goes off. I like the loud timer because I can hear it inside my walk-in bedroom closet. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
 This is one of those product that you either love or hate.<br/>Pros:<br/>- Very easy to assemble and use<br/>- Does not require much cleaning, if any at all<br/>- Consistent results every time once you figure out the water levels needed<br/>- Removes the risk of fire due to forgetting the stove on<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>- Inaccurate instructions/measuring cup. We did over 15 different tests, followed the manual, experimented... nothing gave us the results as they were indicated neither on the measuring cup nor on the manual. We had to run our own, lengthy, tests (and two dozen eggs) to benchmark and record the amount of water needed for each egg softness level.<br/>- Loud alarm once finished: I get that the purpose is to notify the user, but a switch off LED and a small beep should be more than enough.
 I've only used this handy, compact, versatile appliance to make hard &amp; soft boiled eggs but I will attempt other quick recipes.  For me, the auto-shut off function is a must have feature.  Cleans up easily (most parts are dishwasher safe).  The price is right too.<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Dash-Rapid-Egg-Cooker-6-Egg-Capacity-Electric-Egg-Cooker-for-Hard-Boiled-Eggs-Poached-Eggs-Scrambled-Eggs-or-Omelets-with-Auto-Shut-Off-Feature-Black/dp/B00DDXWFY0">Dash Rapid Egg Cooker: 6 Egg Capacity Electric Egg Cooker for Hard Boiled Eggs, Poached Eggs, Scrambled Eggs, or Omelets with Auto Shut Off Feature - Black</a>
 I was skeptical because of some reviews..  but let me tell you!!  I love love loverly love this thing!!!!  It takes a second to understand. But I can’t imagine my life w out it now!  So awesome!  I think the people who said they had trouble peeling the eggs didn’t have as much patience when dealing w a soft or medium boiled egg!  I love this machine!  I am going to make this my go to gift!  It is so fast and easier than boiling !!!
 I love this thing. I even bought one for my sister and then my nephew took it over because he loved it so much period it makes my hard-boiled eggs perfectly and they're easy to take the shells off and they're not overly cooked. I definitely like being able to use the Omelette feature since not everyone in my house likes to have omelets period And I love to eat eggs and this makes it so much easier to have them daily.
 Love this! Yes, as otgwrs have said, it’s not a gentle ping when the eggs are done, but I can hear the buzzer all the way in my bedroom which I like. I don’t have to stand around and watch. The “hard boiled eggs are the best I’ve ever made. I have them maybe 5 times a week for either breakfast or lunch. Clean up is easy, but I followed another reviewer’s suggestion and use distilled water (which I always have around).
 Bought this for hubby. He loves it. Eggs come out perfect. Eggs peel easier. You just have to play with the water level to get the eggs soft to hard boiled. He also poached and loves it. The photo shows a side by side comparison with a mini chopper. It is a small unit but it doesn’t need to be larger. Would just take up more space. It’s BPA free as well. So buy it and have fun with it. For the price, don’t know how long it will last but good for now.
 This is wonderful.  I love using it.  Cooks them great.  I add just a little more water to it as i like cooked a tiny bit longer.  When the water is gone it will souls an alarm for you to shut off.  The ice water idea is great and makes it a breeze to take off the shell.  The only problem is I wish I would have bought the bigger one.  The one that cooks 12 at a time.  My four boys eat these too fast!<br/>I have not cooked eggs another way yet.  Poached, scrambled etc.
 My husband eats 2 hard boiled eggs every morning for breakfast, so I was boiling eggs very regularly and it was a real pain.  This appliance is a game changer for me because it's extremely easy to use, fast, it turns itself off when its done, and the shells peel off much easier than the old-fashioned boiling method.  I think it's because with this, you prick a hole in the top of the shell using a tool provided.  Like another reviewer commented, the alarm when it's finished cooking is strangely super-sonic like a quiet fire alarm and would probably make a dog howl, but we've adjusted. I've used it probably 6 times so far and love it. It's also very small (like maybe 8" diameter), so easy to store.
 Hard boiled eggs are great. Soft boiled eggs are great. Poaching and omelettes are kind of sketchy. The price and the quality of eggs it produces is fine. What cannot be understated is the amount of noise that this tiny machine will make when it thinks it has cooked your eggs. The first time I used it, I thought nuclear war had commenced and I needed to duck and cover. It was a fire alarm and carbon monoxide detector and tornado warning all rolled into one ear-bleeding appliance in the kitchen. My dogs ran into the closet to hide. I thought I needed to save family heirlooms. Turned out I just had some soft boiled eggs ready to eat.
 I bought this because we have backyard chickens now &amp; will be eating a lot more eggs. Didn't have real high expectations but after using it many times, it's an amazing, quick, no hassle way to hard boil eggs, soft, medium or hard. Eggs come out perfect &amp; shells peel much easier because the big ends gets pierced with the included needle in the water measuring cup. When the eggs are done (water is all boiled away) the heating element shuts off so there are no worries. The alarm is loud but it can be heard anywhere in the house letting me know the boneless chicken is ready. I liked it so much I also bought one for friends up the street!
 I like the amount of eggs this unit holds.  It is perfect for two or three people.  since I purchase this unit we have enjoyed deviled eggs, egg  sandwiches,eggs in salads.  Only problem the on button and automatic shut off does not work.  I need to stay very close by.
 Y'know, a lot of people complain about the sound that the buzzer makes.  After about 8 seconds, I didn't hear the buzzer any more.  In fact, I couldn't hear anything at all.  Good thing I had plenty of cotton balls and gauze to stop the totally unrelated bleeding from my ears.  The eggs come out perfect almost every time and I use this thing a few times a week now.  It is small, convenient and it cooks eggs with better quality and consistency than boiling on the stove.
 Very cool product.  Boils eggs nicely to hard-boiled; a single one was underdone but was even more tasty as medium-boiled.  The buzzer when the cook cycle gets finished should be used as a torture device for screaming kids, misbehaving dogs, or in place of washboarding terrorism suspects -- or alternately marketed as an alarm clock for those dead-to-the-world sleepers.
 My long time favorite egg cooker was KRUPS F2307051. After it failed ( after 5 years in service) I decided to give Dash to try. I tried to cook eggs in instant pot ( awful) and by regular boiling. In both cases I was struggling to clean the eggs.<br/><br/>Dash works on similar principle as Krups, you just add water and close the lid. So far my eggs come out excellent so I keep it.<br/><br/>Pros: eggs easy to clean, nice pouched eggs<br/>Cons: unknown quality plastic construction (toxic?), measurement cup comes without proper marking.
 I was telling my hairdresser that my son loves hard boiled eggs in the morning.  However, he hates to make them.  He has a hard time getting the shells off.  My hairdresser told me that she had purchased the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker.  She explained that it is so easy to operate, and the shells are easily removed.  She went into her kitchen so that she could bring it out to show me.  Since she so highly recommended it, I immediately went to Amazon and purchased it before I left her shop.  My son loves it.  He said the the shells do come off very easily.  It is true--hairdressers do know everything!
 not sure about selling damage stuff but it is what it is. it does cook the eggs and does its job. not worth my time to return for another unit, even thou i should. it is just upsetting cus you can clearly see it was damaged before shipping, so it was a out of stock damaged product on the box. I will fix it with superglue but didnt not expect that from amazon. yes, the eggs are good, still getting used to pocking the egg's bottom. the most important thing is that makes easier to change your habits and add good nutrition specially in the morning, eggs are one of the most complete food out there and we can safely eat up to 5 a day i think.
 Forget using the recommended measuring cup water levels. Not enough to get the eggs hard boiled. I find it best to double the amount of water and set a kitchen timer for 15 minutes. That also avoids the ear piercing screech if the water boils off. Bringing eggs to a boil in a pan on the stove followed by covering and letting sit for 12 minutes works as well of course. This unit saves a couple minutes and the need for  intermediate intervention. Maybe it's useful for that. And forget piercing the eggs. Does nothing except often breaking the thin shelled eggs.
 OK, at first glance, the cooker looks a bit flimsy, BUT---it works exceptionally well and hardly uses any water to cook the eggs. Very easy clean up, also.  I like hard boiled eggs and don't like the yolk to be soft, so I left the eggs in a couple of minutes after the (very loud) timer went off and they turned out perfectly.  I used to have a problem with peeling the eggshells off cleanly.  All the eggs I've cooked so far have been easy to peel.<br/><br/>There is the option of making omelets, also!<br/><br/>No more boiling pots to watch or wasting water to cook your eggs.  Hopefully, this egg cooker will prove to be durable and last a long time.
 Love this; I take it with me traveling and cook right in the hotel. Make an omelette roll it up in a tortilla and breakfast sandwich just like I like!  Re-heat left overs; steam shrimp, crab, pot stickers. Makes cooking for one busy person very simple. I keep one in my travel bag and another at home. Hard boil eggs without the hassle of boiling water and cleaning a pot. Poached eggs are super simple and clean up is a breeze. Everything stacks right under the lid. Small and compact ..
 The dash rapid egg cooker is great.  I can make an on the go, quasi-healthy breakfast every week day for my wife and I.  It allows me to put the egg(s) in and forget about them, so I can do other things in the morning like get our kids ready.  It cooks with steam so it's a lot better for you than  eggs cooked in bacon grease or butter, and on weekends I use it to make omelets.  You can soft or hard boil six eggs at once!  This has been one of the best  products I've ever bought off of Amazon, and I got some of my friends one as a gift and they love it, too.
 I am not one to believe hype. I always read the negative reviews and the 5 stars with a dose of salt and skepticism. But a friend tried this gizmo when it first came out, because her mom loves eggs but forgets to turn the stove off. She raved about it, and given I can't keep hard boiled eggs in the fridge longer than it takes for everyone to find them, she insisted I try it.  All I can say is: if you like hard boiled eggs, BUY THIS. Ridiculously easy to use, to clean, and small sort of retro cool looking.
 Bought this on recommendation of a friend. So glad! We do lots of egg salad. Never had consistent results. Make sure you pierce the bottom of the egg with enclosed tool! Others writing about the annoying timer sound. It is a bit bothersome, but big deal. It's a small thing for such a gem of a product. Not ones for snatching up every kitchen appliance that comes along. BUT glad we snagged this one! FAST EASY CONSISTENT SMALL
 This thing is awesome and makes hard boiled eggs a piece of cake without boiling a pot of water, inadvertently cracking your eggs, or over/under cooking. The only scary part is poking a small hole in the top of the egg with the little tool but it’s not bad after the first few times.
 This little machine is truly the best thing since sliced bread. It takes the guesswork, time, and bother out of making perfect boiling eggs. Clean up is a snap. I had relatives visiting recently and this device made serving breakfast effortless. It allowed me to appear the perfect hostess. If this one ever breaks, I will promptly buy a new one.
 I am not an appliance gal but this egg cooker is worth giving up some of the valuable real estate on my kitchen counter. How did I get by without one? First, it's adorable (if you're a guy I know you're rolling your eyes but, hey, I dig the way it looks). Second, it cookes hard boiled eggs really quickly, much faster than boiling a pot of water on the stove. Plus you can choose how done you want your eggs. Third, it's super easy to use and I don't have to hover near the stove so I don't overlook them. It has a loud buzzer that lets me know when they are done. Fourth, it uses much less water than the traditional method even though they still need an ice bath afterward. Fifth, clean up is minimal. Sixth, all the parts store inside the unit. Definitely recommend!
 I love hard boiled eggs and this literally makes making egg dishes quick and easy. I’ve own many brands of egg coolers like these and they are so much better than the traditional boiling water and blah blah...only con is that if you use crappy water the minerals in the water will show up brown on the heating element. But just as it suggest in the instructions a little bit of vinegar and all is new
 The egg cooker is fantastic! Although I had to adjust some timing and experiment, it was pretty close to instructions. However, if you ever lose a part... This is sadly why I can't give this full rating, as the support for this product is abysmal. FIVE TIMES I've called for a replacement part my roommate for some reason threw out. It's either not shipped, was lost, they gave me the wrong part, or the information was lost. Is anyone even trained??? Go ahead and order it, but if you want good service if you lose a part or if it breaks, stay AWAY from this company. Not worth the hassle!
 Was given as a gift for my Mother. She loves the color and the ease of use. Our only complaint is that this egg cooker does not only not seem to turn itself off automatically upon completion of cooking. Oh, and be warned, the chime that the device makes when the eggs are cooked is very loud and harsh- similar to a fire alarm. The sound is almost somewhat amusing to me though because of how off-putting it can be.
 Eggcellent! This is the most nifty gadget I have. I'm glad I purchased. Don't forget to spray cooking oil when making poached eggs or omelettes.<br/>Yummy
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R7W8TUAAJFNCK"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91JsfteYEQS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91amP7tDaBS.png"/> Love mine at home so bought one for our RV. We nicknamed the one at home “the banshee” because of the screech when it’s over. Imagine my surprise to hear MUSIC when this one finishes the cycle!! MUSIC! Watch the quick video I made to hear. (I just ordered a second one in the same color so hopefully it will play music, too. Time to retire the banshee!)
 It's a great egg cooker.  I use it mostly for hard boiled eggs and poached eggs.  Filling up the water container to the hard boiled eggs line was perfect.  The first time I tried poached eggs, i filled up the water container to the poached egg line, but they were too runny so I just added a little more water to cook them longer.<br/><br/>Easy to clean.  Easy to figure out.  My mom loved it so I bought one for her also!  Buy one!
 Love this little contraption. It's so easy to use. Makes making boiled eggs so much easier. All you need to do is fill the measuring cup to soft, medium or hard pour it onto the cooker, look holes on the egg she'll and place them onto the egg tray and turn on the cooker. It holds 6 eggs for boiling. The cooker automatically shuts off when all of the water has evaporated. Eggs come out perfect! Clean up is easy. I just use a damp paper towel and wipe everything down ready for next use. I haven't use the other tray options yet, but I'm sure they work great. I used this every week to stay on track.
 Love this egg cooker!  I don't know why but I can't figure out how to cook eggs...until now!  I don't have to figure it out now that I have this little amazing gadget.<br/><br/>The only thing that drives me bananas is the buzzer at the end. It's super loud and annoying especially if you walk away from it and hear it from the other side of your office or house with sleeping kids!<br/><br/>All in all, I would highly recommend this product. My sister turned me on to it when she started a diet. She raved about it!  Now I find myself telling all my friends about it too!
 This is so easy.  You don't have to screw around with boiling water.<br/>Just pour in the water.<br/>Poke a hole in the large end of the eggs.<br/>Put them in the cradle large end up.<br/>lock the lid.<br/>Push the power button<br/>Walk away until the alarm goes off.<br/>Once the alarm goes off in what seems like no time at all, put the eggs in a cold water bath.<br/>Awesome results!!!
 I absolutely love this thing! It's so easy to use, has a mess-free, 3-second cleanup, and provides perfectly hardboiled eggs! You don't even have to set a timer depending on which type of egg you're making - you just put in the appropriate amount of water (as listed on the included measuring cup) and this little guy beeps at you when it's ready. 3 eggs? 6 eggs? Poached? Doesn't matter, it knows! Just as a side-note-partial-warning though, the buzzer on this thing is slightly terrifying the first time you hear it. Even so, I cannot recommend this (somewhat unnecessary and arguably frivolous yet still excellent)  appliance enough. I love it!  Happy egging!
 I only use this for hard-boiled eggs (the omelet/poach feature seems strange to me), but I will say that this thing creates the perfect egg every time. I used to only make boiled eggs occasionally because I could never get them just right. This cooker takes all the guess work out of it. After they cook, just let them soak in ice water for about 5 minutes and the shells come right off. Easy to clean and easy to use: everything (except the base) is dishwasher-safe and to operate there is only one button. Couldn't be easier.
 I received this as a gift and I am enjoying the ease of making boiled eggs.  Be sure to read the directions so you set up the inserts correctly.  Now I make boiled eggs much faster and I don't have to keep an eye on a boiling pan on the stove. This cooker does have an automatic shut off, but be ready for a loud buzzer at the end.  It has a small footprint, so it fits into my cabinet easily.  I just got it so I'm hoping it is durable and holds up to steady use.
 Absolutely love this product. It makes perfect soft, medium, hard and poached eggs! Make sure to cook SLIGHTLY longer (add a smidgen more water in the cup) to avoid watery whites. The shells literally SLIP off the eggs and come out looking perfect.<br/><br/>As if this product wasn’t perfect enough for eggs, I happened to figure out my bamboo steamer fits perfectly onto the egg cooker and as long as you continue to add water (took about 2 “hard boiled egg” amount of water for 15 min to steam frozen buns).
 The cooker it’s self works like a charm. I hard boiled six large eggs yesterday, following the directions including the hole in the top of the egg, and they came out exactly as I wanted them.  The best part, at least with the one egg I opened for my salad, is it was very easy to take the shell off.  The only negative I have found is the on/off button does not work so I have to plug it in to start and out when the buzzer goes off.
 I always avoided making hardboiled eggs because I hated waiting for a huge pot of water to boil, and then inevitably I would forget the eggs and overcook them, or else pull them before they were fully cooked. This little machine is great as it is a very small footprint, and making hardboiled eggs is pretty goof proof as the unit has a self timer, and it comes with a measuring cup for the correct amount of water. It also comes with an egg shell piercer that works great w/ no trouble, so no need to purchase anything extra.
 I love this! I ti so easy to use and I get perfect eggs every time. No more boiling on the stove with water splattering everywhere and ending up with cracked eggs. I put the eggs on and go about my business until i hear the beeping. The eggs are so easy to peel. I am addicted to poached eggs for breakfast in the morning now. I bought this in 2016 and it is still going strong. I can assure you when it goes out I will buy another one. If I could give it more than 5 stars I would.
 I really like this. I can put in as little or many eggs as I want. When done, the peels come off so easily. I gave it a four because when the beeper goes off they are not quite finished. However, if I leave them in the unit for an additional 5 minutes they are perfect for me. I put my eggs in the unit when the eggs are cold from the refrigerator. This could be the reason they are not quite done.
 Works fine functionally, but this particular model does not have the auto shut off feature. It will sound a very loud alarm to notify user that the eggs are done and you need to shut off the unit manually. I will be returning item for a different model that has the auto shut off feature with no alarm.
 I watched a youtube video to see how to use this, it's extremely easy although it comes with instructions. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because you cannot set a timer for the cook time, so you have to make sure you watch the time. If you go solely by the egg cooker alarm, it will be slightly undercooked. By the way, the timer- makes this horrendous sound that makes you want to unplug the whole thing and throw it out of the window.
 I didn't even care for boiled eggs so much until we purchased this, and now I eat them regularly. I bought it mainly for my husband, who gets very snackish but is trying to stick with a low carb diet. Super impressed with this little thing. Sure, the timer scares the bejeezus out of you first time lol It reminds me of the fire alarm from the dorms in my college days. It's not as loud as people say though, and certainly not a dealbreaker when it gives you 6 perfectly delicious, easy to peel eggs!
 I really like it a lot. It does work, although if you are like me, I like to make sure my eggs are fully cooked. I've found that it typically under cooks the eggs. The simple fix is to add a little more water and it works fine. It really is simple to make all kinds of eggs, faster and easier than other methods. Plus, clean up is simple. This thing is really small too - it doesn't take much room up at all. Overall, I am happy with the purchase.
 I love this thing.  It's surprisingly tiny, which makes it easy to store even with limited space, it works as advertised and even comes with a little measuring cup with a (covered) pin on the bottom to pierce the egg shell.  The eggs have turned out beautifully every time I've used it so far, and it makes it so much easier to always have some hardboiled eggs available for snacks.  And they peel so easily!!  The alarm is kind of a shock at first as it's REALLY loud, but at least you definitely know when it's done!
 So versatile and cooks it just perfect. Fast and quiet. Be careful of the steam vent because it is extremely hot so don’t put it under a shelf where items could get damaged.
 I bought this because I'm kinda lazy, and really like poached eggs for breakfast.  I've tried several other things to make my eggs, but this thing is great!  It cooks my eggs fine, and will also heat up a piece of sausage if I want.  The only drawback is that the tray gets hot, of course, and there is no handle to make it easier to remove your eggs.  I just took to using a knife underneath, and then tilting the tray to remove.  I love it, I even bought one for my 83 year old mother, and she uses it too!  For $15, you can't go wrong...  Just buy it.
 This little thing is awesome. It makes perfect hardboiled eggs. I haven't had any issues peeling hardboiled eggs made with this. I'm giving it 4 stars because there's a bit of a learning curve with the other egg dishes. I haven't been able to figure out poached eggs yet, even when following the directions exactly. So you might have to do some experimenting before you find out exactly how much water you need to get your eggs the way you want them. No matter though, it's still way easier than using a whole pot just for two poached eggs.
 Can I say how much I love this product?!  It is such a quick and no-brainer way to hard-boil eggs, and I've never had such easily peeled eggs as a result.  Yes, you could argue it takes up counter space, but it is a tiny product and very lightweight; I wouldn't trade it for anything!  Never boiling my eggs on the stovetop again!
 Never had good luck with boiling egg or peeling them. But with this it is so easy and fast. The shell basically slipped right off. Very happy with this purchase. I have haven’t tried any of the other features not sure if I will. Hard boiled eggs is all I wanted. It does have a annoying buzzer, but it is effective bc you don’t need your eggs to set there at get overdone. Run them in cold water after then peel.
 Does a great job boiling eggs to different levels of hardness, but holy crap, that buzzer is loud (like a fire alarm!). Would like to use it earlier in the mornings, but if anyone in the house is sleeping, I can't. Let me know if anyone has discovered a hack to quiet this thing down...<br/><br/>Oh, and I don't use the poaching or omelette functions, so can't speak to how well they work.
 I ordered this product thinking it would be another terrible As Seen On TV product.  I was completely wrong.  I boil eggs every week for my lunches and dinners.  I was tired of boiling them in a pan.  They were always overcooked and extremely hard to peel.  Once I received this product, I gave it a try.  I was amazed of how easy it was.  The eggs were perfectly cooked and with no mess.  Peeling them was a breeze.  No more ruined eggs due to the shell sticking to the egg.  If you eat cooked eggs, order this product!  There's also many other ways to cook them with the attachments it comes with.  It is also a price you can't beat.  You won't regret it.
 I was hesitant to buy this. But thought I will try out. It's probably the cheapest and most convenient item I have bought in recent times. Boiling egg is fast and easy with this. Just put water and place the eggs and switch on. Cannot believe how fast it gets done. Done perfectly too.... so easy to peel the eggs.<br/>Unlike the pre-boiled and peeled eggs, tastes much creamier and tasty too. Also, instead of paying for pre-boiled unknown quality eggs, now I buy Organic Pasteur eggs only. It's cheaper and healthier.<br/><br/>Good only for boiling, Other things did not workout great for me,<br/><br/>I would recommend this without any hesitation.
 As advertised, this Egg Cooker is easy to use and holds six rather large eggs easily.  However the main reason I bought this cooker is the understanding that the cooked eggs would be easier to peel than pot boiled eggs. Not so.  We have farm raised chickens and our eggs are fresh from the nest.  Even after soaking these eggs in ice water for 20 minutes after cooking they still will not peel easily.
 Hands down, the best kitchen item ever!! This was so much smaller than I expected so it doesn't use a lot of counter space. You premeasure the water in a provided cup, poke a hole in the egg (so much easier to do than it sounds), turn it on, and in 12 minutes you have perfectly cooked eggs. It even times for you but they recommend 1 extra minute for more cooked eggs and I agree. Once done, I drop them in ice water for a bit and they peel so easily. They are cooked perfect every time! I love making and peeling eggs now! So fast and the cooker is really quite cute!
 I got this product to replace the one I lost that used to be on the side of my toaster.  The reason I rated it only three stars is because no matter what I do it seems to break open at least one or more eggs each time I use it.  Yes I do poke the hole in the eggs like it suggests which I did not have to do with my old one on the toaster.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/><br/>Cooks up to 6 eggs at a time<br/>Fairly easy to clean<br/>Alarm lets you know when they are ready<br/>Auto shut off of element<br/><br/>Cons:<br/><br/>Eggs constantly break<br/>takes much longer than my old toaster attached one
 This product is extremely easy to use. I feel like it’s always a guessing game to get the perfect boiled egg. This egg cooker helps you with that. Plus, No cracked eggs during boiling!!! You can have soft, medium or hard boiled eggs. I found though that I need to leave my eggs in a bit longer before cooling them off in water if I want my yolk hard for hard boiled eggs.
 The thing is designed for large eggs or smaller.  The timing of cooking is dependent upon the amount of water dumped into the hot plate.  There is a little measuring device that indicates recommended amounts of water (which is unreadable by anyone with normal vision).  In otherwise, cooking times is a crap shoot.  Just learn how long to boil your eggs.  You'll be happier and your guessing  at times will be just as accurate as thing gizmo.
 I used to hard-boil eggs the old fashioned way but no more!  This device makes it faster, simpler, and the shells peal more easily.  I also like the poaching function.  Just toast an english muffin, whip up some hollandaise sauce, slap down a slice of Canadian bacon and you've got yourself a good Benedict.
 This is the most used kitchen appliance I've ever owned. It takes up minimal counter space, and all of the parts don't in itself so you can lose any of them. My only gripe is the buzzer on it sounds like a fire alarm, so I unscrewed the bottom of the unit, and clipped on of the leads going to the piezo buzzer. Problem solved! I highly recommend this to anyone who likes eggs.
 This little gem is awesome!!  Perfect hard boiled, easy to peel, eggs every time.  Still perfecting the poached eggs.  How much water you put in, determines cooking time. First time the whites didn’t get done.  Added more water the second time and let them stay in the cooker a couple minutes before removing the lid. Didn’t rate the durability cause I didn’t feel I’ve used it long enough yet.
 I love this egg cooker! I’ve been eyeing it for months and then my mom finally bought it for me as a gift. I’ve been using it to hard boil the eggs I take to work for breakfast. The peels slide right off and the eggs are perfectly cooked. I also poached some to make eggs Benedict and it came out great! The only flaw is the obnoxiously loud buzzer that goes off when the eggs are done. Besides that, I love this cooker!
 It is small! I like that all the extra fit within the container not like one of the competitor. If I could, i would give it a 41/2 because cooking the omelette is not the best except if you do not mind your eggs a little wet. Very small negative compare to the quality of the eggs, the sound when it is ready and the shut off. I do not know why the red was cheaper, but i do not mind the color and saved money. Will buy for gifts!
 SO glad that we purchased this product!! Huge time-saver. Cooks 6 hard-boiled eggs without the hassle of boiling water and cleaning a separate pan. Notification "buzzer" sound is a little annoying, but not too loud, and that is our only real complaint. Eggs peel beautifully and taste great!<br/><br/>As indicated in the product guide, the heat plate does need cleaning occasionally due to mineral build-up from water. This will probably vary depending on what's in your water, but a little magic eraser action and warm water (as prescribed) works really well!
 Have not had the product long enough to certify the durability of the item. But have used it several times so far and am very happy with this product. I eat hard boiled eggs, one daily and it is a pain to boil them in a pan on the stove. With this product, you put in the eggs and forget it. The item beeps when finished cooking. I got the six egg cooker, wish I'd gotten the dozen egg cooker. I love this gadget. Judy Ziegler
 This item is pretty great. The hard-boiled eggs come out like they do in magazine photos - perfect, pretty yellow yolks in white eggs. I notice that the "boiled egg smell" is a little stronger when you take off the lid, but oh well.<br/><br/>Just a couple of tips:<br/><br/>1. If you accidentally break an egg when punching a hole and get raw egg in the cooker, wipe it up before starting the cooker -- otherwise it throws off the time for some reason.<br/><br/>2. Do NOT start this when anyone is asleep. That alarm is awful.
 Purchased this for my sister for Christmas who is not a very good cook but love eggs especially hard boiled eggs. I gave it to her before Christmas to try it to make sure it would work so that you know if it didn't work we have time to return it and get something different. Funny thing is is after her trying it I never even got to wrap it LOL it never left the counter she used it daily and still uses it daily. It is quick convenient and does not take up much counter space and once you get the hang of it very easy to use and clean. All in all one of the best products that actually does what it's supposed to.
 Have only used this for hardboiled / Poached eggs and it works perfectly. Pierce the bottom of the egg, then place them in with the pierced side up and leave it on until it buzzes. That buzz sounds like a fire alarm from hell though and only goes off when you kill the power, so be around it when it goes off unless you hate your roommates or neighbors! These make the easiest soft boiled eggs I've ever had and make boiling eggs much more convenient.  You can also use it as a steamer for veggies, etc and omelettes, but if you want max 6 hard boiled eggs at anywhere from soft to hard-boiled, then this is the device you need.
 It says it doesn’t rust, but whatever showed up on the bottom of the plate after the first time I used it will not go away. I’ve followed all the directions or recommendations for cleaning and (what looks like rust to me) is still there. I continue to use it, and appreciate the simplicity for boiling eggs, but when I’ve tried to make other recipes I’ve ended up with disasters my family refuses to eat. I wouldn’t buy it again but will boil my eggs with it for now.
 It cooks the eggs well but I have no idea what they were thinking with this fire alarm of a done sound. It is heart attack-inducing and it doesn’t stop until you unplug it or hit the power button.  It’s like a screaming banshee.  Otherwise it is very cute and compact just like they advertise.
 I hate useless kitchen gadgets and try to avoid them.  This is not that!  It is the greatest thing ever.  As long as you put the eggs in an ice water bath after the timer goes off, you will have perfect soft-boiled eggs every time.  It's the easiest thing to use and clean.  One of the best purchases I ever made.
 I was so excited to order this egg maker. My sister had a different one back home and I'm sad to say that this egg maker does not deliver the same results. I love medium boiled eggs and every single time I try to get this result, it turns out too soft that I cannot even peel the egg after chilling it. It's practically garbage and I would not recommend this product to anyone. I am not sure why this is different from other egg makers. I originally thought the measure cup that comes with the product does not offer the right amount of water to properly make medium boiled eggs but I have even tried adding more water and the eggs still end up with runny whites... Not happy whatsoever.
 It is a good egg cooker after all. Otherwise I would rate it ONE star.<br/>The only reason is that, the alarm is SUPER SUPER ANNOYING!!<br/>Not only because it is loud, but it is at a frequency that human's brain hate so much. It sounds like fire alarm, but I feel it more annoying than that. Every time I hear its alarm, I just can't help jumping out of my chair, rushing to it and turning it off. And my heart keeps beating crazily for a few minutes after turning it off. And huge upset comes to me for a long time.<br/>Trust me, don't buy this mood killer!
 I love this product! It was a gift from my son and daughter-in-law and now I've given three of them to other family members and they all love it. I put the eggs in the cooker and forget about them until the extremely loud alarm goes off letting me know they are ready. It uses just a small amount of water. I love that the "boiled" eggs peel so easily. The shell comes right off. Highly recommend!
 Easy to use but after using it several months you can tell you get what you pay for. It's definitely not as high quality as some of the more expensive ones. The tray gets burnt/rusty build up every time and you have to wipe that out. Also the timer doesn't make noise when it's done anymore so I have to pay attention to when the light clicks off. Not a huge deal, but I will end up buying another one soon.
 This is the best thing I've bought from Amazon this whole year!  I opened it immediately and cooked a full load of hard boiled eggs (6).  They were fantastic and, according to the timer I set, took only 12 minutes are were done to perfection.  I can't believe how small it is and easy to store.  It worked so well that I bought a second one for my sister.  I got the yellow and it's a beautiful, soft butter color.  Highly recommend.
 Love this contraption. I’ve poached eggs and have soft and hard-boiled eggs. Everything is laid out so well with simple instructions. Water level is key to accurate cooking. Clean up is a breeze. The only negative is the alarm for when your eggs are done is a bit annoying and doesn’t shut off til you do it. I’m sure it’s a safety factor especially when the water is gone. Mine is aqua and it’s the best $20 I’ve spent in awhile.
 The Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker is so neat and fun to use! I used it the next morning after the delivery, and I cook my eggs only in the dash go. I make a dash to cook my eggs. It cooks every egg so perfectly, and they come out so fluffy every time. It cooks a variety off egg dishes, and you can cook vegetables, and some meat like fish. Very wonderful kitchen gadget, and I highly recommend if you love eggs, make a dash to buy the Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker! You will not be disappointed!
 I want to give this product a 5-star review because it makes great eggs, but my heart is still racing from the ill-conceived "buzzer" function. It sounds like a smoke detector going off. And it goes on forever. I turned it on last night and left the room. And when that buzzer went off, it was horrific. I ran the length of my house and unplugged it since it was STILL going off. I thought the product had malfunctioned. The eggs taste great and the product was easy to use. But I'll be looking for something that doesn't have an air raid siren attached to it.
 Where has this been all my life? So it takes about the same amount of time to cook the eggs (12 mins or less) BUT it uses only a few ounces of water. I’m not wasting a whole pot of water to boil eggs AND I don’t have to keep an eye on it.<br/><br/>You also get to decide if you want soft, medium, or hard boiled eggs.<br/><br/>Perfectly boiled eggs every time.
 UPDATE: 4-28-18<br/>The egg cooker can no longer cook thoroughly. The eggs come out still runny in the center. We tried cooking fewer eggs at once. That worked for a time, but I can tell that it’s failing quickly. So this egg cooker isn’t built to last. When it worked, it was great. But it should have lasted more than a year. -1 Star on the review.<br/><br/>ORIGINAL REVIEW:<br/>The only thing this does well is boil eggs. Dont bother with the poached eggs and omelettes, they come out so runny. Its faster and easier to just make those in a pan. But man this is the perfect boiled egg machine! They come out perfect every time. And so easy to peel off the shell. For the price, its handy little tool to have in your kitchen arsenal.
 This may seem like something silly to own, but it takes the guesswork out of making hard boiled eggs.  It's not that big to store, and I have a seriously tiny kitchen.  The eggs come out perfectly cooked and peel easily.  The omelette and poached functions taste similar to microwaved eggs, but that's not what I bought it for, I bought it for hard boiling.  It screams like a tea kettle though, instead of dinging when it's done so that took some getting used to.
 When I saw this product, my first thought was... "How difficult is it to hard boil eggs...?"  (Actually, my husband does it so it's really easy for me!)  But I thought I'd give this egg cooker a whirl to give him a break.  It works GREAT!  It is so simple and so compact - we've used it many times and love it!  That said, the poached eggs are difficult to get "just right" but for soft, medium or hard boiled - this cooker is perfect!!
 Do you remember those times when you literally thought time had skipped. That happened to me today when I fired up this egg cooker. I read the instructions, which I normally do not do, and proceeded to steam some eggs. What seemed like just a minute or two and the cooker buzzer started going off. I thought "No way are the eggs done!", but I was mistaken....they were cooked exactly as they should have been. Being surprised is an understatement. I don't impress easily, but I am impressed with this little cooker.<br/><br/>I also raise chickens which means I have a ton of eggs. The hardest thing about hard boiling fresh eggs is that the shell always, and I do mean always, sticks and you end up nearly destroying the egg to get the shell off. Not today! I am now a believer in steamed eggs, and I am sold on this little Dash Go cooker. It simply works!
 I absolutely love this little Egg Cooker.  My eggs come out perfect every time...I just set it and forget it.  From what I read it is supposed to shut off automatically but I have not found this to be the case.  I think the heat shuts off but it sits there and emits a shrill sound until I unplug it.  I just dump my cooked eggs in ice water for a few minutes and then refrigerate.  They peel very easily and come out perfect every time.  Oh...also...I do not use the pricker that is located on the bottom of the water measuring cup and have not had any problems. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who eats boiled eggs.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Dash-Go-Rapid-Egg-Cooker-White/dp/B00DDXYC6O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker, White</a><br/>I love it! When I saw it on Amazon at the price I wasn't expecting a lot but I was happily surprised when I started to use it.  I haven't tried the omelet setting but poaching, soft boiled,and hard boiled eggs were easy. No having to watch the water boil, or watch the clock. Measure the water with the little cup that comes with it and it beeps when it's done. The measuring cup has a pin to pierce the egg before turning it on.<br/> If you like soft boiled eggs I would recommend an "egg topper" and egg cups.
 Easy to make perfectly boiled eggs in the most hassle-free way. I hate collecting kitchen gadgets but this one is a winner. My morning starts by loading this egg-boiler and wonderfully cooked eggs the way you want it is ready in minutes.  Makes a great gift for everyone.
 I could not make hard boiled eggs properly to save my life. I bought this egg cooker hoping it would make it easy....and it DOES!!! I immediately made two batches of hard boiled eggs when my package arrived. They are the most perfect eggs I have ever had. It was super easy. The machine is super little and cute. I just got it yesterday so I can't speak to longevity or anything but so far it's amazing. YAY!!! :)
 So awesome. I'm not a morning person at all and am usually rushed. No more waiting on water to boil. I put the eggs in, push the button, and go and get ready for work. When the buzzer goes off, you push the button again to turn it off and your eggs are done. I throw them in a bag and carry them to work with me. I've bought a total of 3 of these now. One for me, and two to gift to others that liked mine. I need more devices like this that simplify my life.
 This is a great egg cooker.  So far I've used it for omelettes and hard boiled eggs (no poached one yet).  It cooks them so well!  This cooker is now my go-to kitchen gadget.<br/><br/>I read a low star review on how the cooker can't make omelettes... Just add a bit more water so the cooker cooks longer.  I find that one measured amount of water per egg (up to three eggs) works well.  Your mileage may vary.<br/><br/>Overall, I am VERY happy with this cooker!
 This is amazing.  Simply fill up the water (just a small amount) and depress the button.  After it completes there is a loud noise letting you know to press the button again to turn it off.  It auto shuts off, but you need to still press the button again.<br/><br/>The eggs were perfect to peal and the yolk right after was soft and delicious!  The yolk can get harder if you leave it in there for a while.  Either way this thing is the best invention ever.
 This little egg cooker is a time saver in so many ways. I know that each time I use it I will ALWAYS have perfectly cooked eggs that are easy to peel. I always struggled with cooking hard boiled eggs, they never peeled well. I even tried baking them in the oven, which worked but the shells never came off nicely and chunks of the egg stuck to the shell.<br/><br/>With this egg cooker that has never happened, ever. I’ve had it for nearly a year so I’ve had plenty of time to test it.
 Do you love hard boied eggs and want to make it painless and no messing wth boiling water?  Look no further.  This is the PERFECT handy dandy lightweight appliance to meet your every eegg cooking need.  They also make bigger veersions if you want to do a dozen at a time.  Just add the measured amount of water, add the eggs, plug in and push the buttton.  Self times and alarms LOUD when the eeggs are done.  Cannot  be easier and foolproof.
 I got this when it was a lightning deal.  I had really wanted one for a while, because sometimes I crave eggs, but never really got in the mood to boil a pot of water and cook them, and I really don't know how long to cook them.  This was really easy, the accessories are nice, and I've been having fun with making hard boiled eggs and egg salad sandwiches!
 I've only used it a few times now, but I only have done the "poached" and "omelette" portion of the egg cooker and both dishes turned out good, I did have to cook the omelette longer tho so I needed to add more water as that is considered the "timer" portion.  When the water runs out it shuts off so the second time I did the omelette I just added more water than the suggestion line filler and kept an eye on it.  But all in all neat little product!
 This egg cooker is good but sometimes doesn't always cook the egg all the way through and if you poke the hole in the top too big the white oozes out and makes a mess. And the timer alarm is disturbing! It sounds like a fire alarm and does not turn off automatically. It sends my dogs to the crazy farm by time I run over and turn the cooker off. Other than that, it is a good cooker once you get to know all the quirks.
 My hubby mercifully bought me this after so many failed egg-peeling attempts. I’d been working on a specific boiling/cooling method for months just to try and manage an easy, successful peel, every time.<br/><br/>Well.....that endeavor has been laid to rest. My little “Egg Martian” as I call it, is my solution. I’m taking it with me when we travel for Christmas.<br/><br/>Easy to use, easy to throw accessories in the dishwasher. Super easy clean up!  You will NOT miss the timer alarm.....it’s loud....you will know when your eggs are done, so will the neighbors. 😜👍🏼
 This thing is amazing. I eat hard boiled eggs ALL the time when I'm dieting.  Boiling the water, peeling, and clean-up is normally a pain. I really didn't think this thing could boil an egg better than the traditional way.  It does.  I've never had such easy to peel eggs.<br/><br/>I hope the creators are listening, because I have ONE suggestion:  Make the top double as a cooling vat. Put a little tripod on the top of the dome so it becomes a bowl to cool your eggs after they're boiled.
 One of my favorite little gadgets for my kitchen. We are busy so when I have time I poach a bunch of eggs and put into Tupperware so we can just Grab &amp; Go in the morning.<br/>I have made frittatas which turned out wonderful with spinach and cheese.<br/>My favorite is the hard-boiled eggs once you poke a hole in the top the steam seems to help when you want a peel them the shells come right off.
 This little egg steamer is so awesome! I raise backyard chickens and hard boiling fresh eggs is difficult because it’s hard to peel fresh eggs but the folks in the FB chicken group recommended steaming them and sure enough it works! I can peel my fresh eggs so nicely now! Price is wonderful I’m thinking of buying a second one for our large family.
 The best and easiest hard-boiled eggs I've ever made. No watching the pot or timing anything at all. The Dash Rapid Egg Cooker does it all for you. I've been using this for more than 6 months (making hard-boiled eggs a lot more frequently than I would bother with by the old-fashioned way) and every egg has peeled easily, both immediately after cooking and even when refrigerated for a day or two. I highly recommend this product.<br/><br/>I also highly recommend the Customer Support service. I lost my measuring cup/egg piercer and called StoreBound to buy a replacement. James instantly offered me a free cup! You can ask for a replacement part at 1-800-898-6970 (Mon- Fri 7 am to 7 pm PST). No charge for the part or the shipping, and I was encouraged by the representative to call again if I needed this or another part at no charge.
 I love this! I use it every day and have since the day I got it. Cooks eggs evenly and quickly. You just set it up and forget about it. If this broke, I'd certainly buy another just like it. You just have to scrub the heating plate every few days or so as residual builds up.
 I was pretty excited about this little contraption.  It is a little weak in the cooking department.  I used it for hard boiled eggs and ran the eggs through twice to be sure they cooked thoroughly.  The first time around they were not a cooked as I like them.  Pretty easy to use.  Probably one of those things that is fun because it is new and will eventually live in the back of my shelf.
 From top to bottom, this product looks good. Simple packaging and design, instructions that are visual and easy to follow. You prick the top of each egg on the top with a needle. The needle also doubles as a water measuring cup so you get your eggs at the right consistency. They took me from 7-10 minutes, which I think is a time saves. I used to take 20 minutes using a pot of water and this product eliminates the guesswork. My only gripe is that it's made of all plastic, but I think that's reflective of the price. Also the alarm that goes off once finished is obnoxiously loud. I wanted to use this at work, but it sounds like a blaring alarm clock once the eggs are ready. But I'm happy with it.
 What a waste of time. It didn't even turn on right out of the box. It's ok, I probably wouldn't have kept it anyway. I can tell by all the cheap Chinese plastic parts that it won't last.
 Such a simple item but so GREAT to have for hard boiled eggs.  I havent taken the time for the rest but I love hard boiled eggs and they are perfect every time.  I couldnt be happier.
 Terrific little egg cooker!  I only use it for hard boiled but we eat loads of hard boiled eggs so I make about 3 batches a week.  Eggs are always perfect, easy to peel and cooked just right.  Super easy to use and also easy to clean up. Small, so it is easy to store.  The cycle finished alarm sound is not all that pleasant but the purpose is to let you know the eggs are done and it is not easy to miss this signal!  My model does not turn off on it's own, I have to turn it off manually.  But it seems to me you need to be there to turn it off anyway so you can remove the eggs so they don't overcook.  I highly recommend this product.
 After numerous failures in properly boiling eggs, I decided to buy one of these and glad I did.  Boiled eggs are consistent and not over/under cooked.  Easy to prep and boil eggs.  The timer is super loud.  Also, hard to clean off hard water stains that have boiled onto the metal cooking plate.  Overall, this thing boils eggs better than me!
 Tried to make an omlet, put water till the omlet line. Push thw power button. After 1 min the water evapurated but the omlate was not ready. Clean it as the instructions show. Put 4 egges, punch them, put water for hard egg. Open the T.V cause I thought that I have 15 min. After 2 min the machin started to buzzer - no water. Egg was not ready. Put the rest of the eggs with water (full mesuring cup). After 2 min start to bip again. Put the rapid egg cooker where it belongs to -trash can and made eggs at the traditional way.<br/>Amazon will replace my unit (20/03/18). If it will work better I will change my review
 Love it!! In addition to making boiled eggs, and scrambled eggs I have  used it to cook small chicken breast and small piece of fish steak and both came out fine, so might be something to consider for fresh lunch preparation at work
 Very easy to use. Great for when your always rushing and don't have time to eat. I wanted it for the hard boiled eggs. My family has also tried the poached and the omelets. Works great for individual use.
 I absolutely adore my Dash mini-waffle maker so I figured this would make a great companion item! It's wonderful. The instructions are clear and the product is very easy to use. You'll have to adjust the amount of water as you use it to find the right amount to your egg preference. No more boiling eggs!<br/>Be forewarned though....the "done" alarm is really LOUD!
 I really love this egg cooker. I for some reason have the hardest time hard boiling eggs. This little thing had made my life so much easier.<br/><br/>So far the only thing I have used it for is making hard boiled eggs. I will admit like other reviews mentioned the buzzer is horribly loud. I wish there was a setting that you could possibly change if you aren't completely filling it with eggs and only doing 2 let's say. It had been a little bit of a guessing game but not a make or break deal for me. It has made my life much easier and that's why I gave it 5 stars. Yes there were some things I would like to see added but for that price I think it's great. Plus it's not another large item I have to figure out where to store. Love the size and the look.
 When the timer goes off, it sounds like a smoke detector going off.  We have small children and it's so loud that it makes them cry.  Cooks eggs just fine, but the timer is plain awful.  We have a two story home and I can clearly hear the timer go off in the downstairs kitchen when I am upstairs in a bedroom with the door shut.
 So my wife and I have access to all the eggs that we want (a friend has chickens at their place). I read the other reviews about this Dash Egg Cooker and decided to give it a try. After washing and wiping everything down I followed the instructions and started with 6 hard boiled eggs. Simple Simple Simple is all I can say. The egg shells peeled off in 2 pieces from each egg. I'm guessing between pricking a little hole in the egg, the steam and then the cold water is enough to release the egg completely from the shell. Summer started today and this evening my wife will take the dozen hardboiled eggs that I made between other tasks on my list and make some egg salad with them. Tomorrow I'll hard boil some more and make some deviled eggs with them. This has got to be the easiest way to make eggs period. I know I have not peeled eggs this easy since I don't know when. Put the water in, add the eggs and turn on. Machine turns off at just the right time. How much easier can it get?
 This egg cooker has seriously changed my life. It's so easy for me to make a healthy snack or some eggs to put in a salad for lunch. There is hardly any eggy smell when using the Dash. It's super easy to operate, even my boyfriend who doesn't know salt from sugar figured out how to use it. Some people are complaining about the piercing alarm noise it makes, and while yes, they are right it is very loud, it definitely shouldn't be a deal breaker. I actually find it funny now when it doesn't scare me half to death.
 I LOVE this egg cooker! Works just as described and is really cute on my counter! Even though making eggs is super easy, this product makes it even easier because I can walk away from my kitchen while they're cooking (perfect for when I'm running late to school) or use the stove to make something else while I'm cooking my eggs! Also, it really makes boiled eggs easier to peel. I've even used it a few times to steam my veggies, which is great for me bc I'm only ever cooking for myself and the small serving that it allows me to make is perfect for just one person.
 This is a HORRIBLE product. Organic eggs are NOT cheap and I’ve wasted more than a few eggs with this. Through the tiny pinhole a good portion of the egg comes out of the shell while “cooking” so it’s wasteful there, and then I followed the instructions to the tee and the picture shows how a “hard boiled” egg comes out. I’m sending this back for a refund and I’ll just make my eggs the old fashioned way. Takes about the same amount of time anyway.
 Great and efficient way to hard boiled eggs. Can cook eggs multiple ways but I use it for hard boiling mostly. Only thing I don't like is the brown deposit that is left behind after the water is boiled off even when using filtered water. The deposits can be removed best if still hot but once its cooled off and had time to set in, will leave a light residual brown stain that hasn't affected its performance so far
 It's a nice little setup, and it works well for hard/medium boiled eggs (I need to figure out adjustments for the water line for true hardboiled since the yolk was a touch under, but I like it that way), but as many have mentioned, it's not good for poached eggs.<br/><br/>When I used it for poached eggs, I followed the directions, used their provided measuring cup, etc... and while the top looked cooked, I received uncooked egg whites when flipped over. Not slightly uncooked, but completely uncooked, the same look and consistency as when you crack it open.
 I love mine so much, I bought several as Christmas gifts.  It is so easy to use and the eggs come out perfect every time.  I used to have this huge rice cooker that I kept just for hard boiling eggs, not anymore!  This egg cooker is convenient, cute and does a great job.  I love being able to make poached eggs as well - so easy to do!
 I really like this thing, it's easy to use and to clean. However, I do have a couple of things to warn people about. First, the buzzer. When your eggs are done it lets out an incredibly annoying, very LOUD and constant non-stop trill. It sounds remarkably like a smoke alarm.  Second, no where does it mention this, but for either boiled or poached, it's better to let the eggs sit for at least 20 minutes or so to warm up to room temperature before cooking.<br/><br/>Now yes, the instructions say if you want the eggs cooked more, you add more water and this is true. However, even if you do add more water, you cannot increase the time. Through experience I have seen that no matter how much water you add, really cold eggs just don't have long enough to heat up to completely cook all the way through.<br/><br/>My strongest recommendation is to set the eggs out to warm up a bit.
 This egg cooker does make the best hard-boiled eggs hands-down.  However, it does lose one star due to the most annoying noise ever when the eggs are done cooking.  It's a noise that is similar to a smoke detector going off and it does not stop and the egg cooker does not turn off unless you get up and unplug it or turn it off manually.  So pretty much whatever you are doing you need to stop immediately and run into the kitchen to unplug it.  I had an egg cooker a while back that chirped lightly when the eggs were done and shut off automatically.  That would be preferable.
 This thing is fantastic! Why have I been boiling my eggs for 30+ years?? Easy to use (have only used for soft, medium and hard boiled but not other options yet) and easy to clean. The ONLY reason I give four stars is the timing seems to be off. I have to let eggs rest an extra 4-5 minutes after timer to get the correct results. Example: I want medium boiled eggs and when timer goes off I rinse egg in cold water then crack the egg is way underdone. But knowing that and now giving extra time to sit I'm happy to not boil anymore! Will buy as gifts also!
 I have had one for a while and bought one for a friend for Christmas. He is overjoyed with it. It makes perfect hard boiled eggs and is a real time saver. I love popping a couple eggs in, starting my coffee, doing my other normal morning things and then my eggs are ready and I'm good to go! Recommend this product to anyone who likes eggs.
 I raise free range chickens and I'll be darned if boiling their eggs isn't a huge challenge.  I've tried so many methods and none are foolproof until this came along.  Have used it and every time they are perfect.  LOVE THIS!!  Stop the guessing game with inserting when rolling boil, then boil for so many minutes then ice bath then....  The Dash is easy and saves all the games!
 I love this little machine so  much that I just purchased the 12 Egg version and will give this one to my daughter. Perfect boiled eggs every time. I  haven't tried the other egg options like poached or omelets and probably won't either. But these eggs are easy to peel. Unfortunatley, when I went to buy the 12 egg version, Amazon was out of Stock, so I had to buy it at Bed, Bath and Beyond's website. I had 20% off  coupon which covered the price of shipping.
 This machine is simple, easy to use, and makes perfect eggs everytime. I like having hard cooked eggs in the fridge for quick snacks and for lunches on the go. I can cook 6 eggs at a time, and when they're done the machine beeps loudly. Cleanup is a breeze. After my coffee maker, this is the kitchen machine I use most of the time.
 Eggs will leave a little bit of cooked egg white on top of egg ( 2 out 6 ) = leakage of egg white through pin prick placed at top of egg. Hard boiled eggs are perfect inside. I immediately submerge in ice water, leave for approximately 15 minutes, then roll eggs to crush and remove shell. Shell comes off PERFECTLY.  I have only used it for hard boiled eggs. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT  !  HIGHLY  !
 I am not a fan of "extra gadgets" in the kitchen.  They clutter things up as far as I am concerned.  But this truly is a game changer for my hard boiled eggs (which we eat often on a low carb lifestyle).  I have tried EVERY method in the book for hard boiling.  This  cooks them perfectly--no gray rings.  They peel with no struggles at all!  The only drawback is that you can only do six at a time, but it goes so quickly that I don't even mind that all.  Easy to use, easy to clean.  You won't be disappointed in this gadget--it does what it is meant to do perfectly!
 Very efficient egg cooker for hard boiled eggs. Don't like the way it cooks poached eggs so far, can't get the eggs right, way too runny. The water runs down from the top and fills the egg poaching cup, ending up with a very runny egg. But I bought it for hard cooked eggs, and it does this quite well. I learned a trick to keep from that "grey ring around the yoke"; after cooking eggs,quickly &amp; gently break the shell by rolling the hot egg on the countertop (but don't peel it) BEFORE dropping into ice water. This allows any sulphur to escape, so no grey ring around the yoke!<br/>has cured that problem.
 It does cook eggs, but the water turns brown making the shells brown on the bottom.  It does a little better if I add more water than as directed, but if you want to dye eggs, the brown bottom will still show through the dye.  I got rid of the one I had because it started staining the eggs after two years of use.  This was started staining eggs on the second use.
 We love this nifty little gadget! When I first unpacked it, my husband was rolling his eyes at another doodad  on the counter with the blender, juicer, insta-pot and coffee maker. It gets used all the time! Perfect hard boiled eggs every time.<br/>Note, we found that it needs a teeny bit more water, and leave the eggs in for another minute or two after it’s done (turn off and leave in) before running eggs under cold water if you like completely hard yolk.
 Well, what a great little cooker!  It really is amazingly easy to use.  This Sunday I made one of my favorite dishes, mashed medium boiled eggs on toast with Clancy's Fancy hot sauce sprinkled on top.  Deploying the cooker, which has an adorably small footprint, was very easy.  The most challenging step is putting the black upright holder in the egg holder.  You add water to the measuring cup to the point of cooking you want for your eggs.  I added to the medium line.  You remove the bottom of the measuring cup to reveal the pin, and pierce the flat end of your eggs.  You put the egg holder into the warming plate, then add your eggs, pierced end up.  Then you put on the cover and plug in.  Press the button to turn on.  (You can tell it is on because the light is blue and steam forms.)  I timed my eggs separately, but you don't have to.  I put some cold water and ice in a bowl and when the irritating alarm went off, I unplugged the cooker and left the eggs to steam a minute or so more, then put them in the ice bath.  They were PERFECT.  Cleanup was a snap.  Everything that comes with the cooker fits under the lid, and the lid locks closed.
 Awesome product! I’m giving it 4 stars because I notice that the eggs do cook unevenly, which makes me this that there’s hot spots on the plate. This being said, the water measurements aren’t always so accurate either but could be do to the uneven heat distribution of the product itself. For the price, I love it.<br/><br/>Weird random thing that also knocked it down to 4 stars is the BUZZER. It is so aggressive sounding, so be forewarned. I’m not sure why they couldn’t have chosen a more pleasant buzzer?
 We bought this a couple weeks ago. Not only are the eggs cooked correctly, they also peel like a dream if you put them in ice water immediately. I’ve never had hard boiled eggs come out so well. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys eggs but isn’t too good at making them. Can’t wait to try an omelette!
 I'd probably give this 3.5 stars if I could, as we're generally happy with the product. I've subtracted stars for the following:<br/>1. Minus one star for our eggs consistently being under cooked. Despite following instructions to the letter, and even leaving our eggs in a little longer, all our eggs have come out under boiled. Our soft boiled eggs were close to raw after removing them, and our hard boiled eggs were closer to medium. We have found that the solution is to just add more water. I'm sure once we figure out the trial-and-error and adjust accordingly, the eggs will turn out as-advertised.<br/>2. Minus one half star for the alarm, which could legitimately compete with Lloyd and Harry for the most annoying sound in the world. It made my two month old cry and my two year old run out of the room with his hands over his hears. Seriously. I understand the need for an alarm, but this is inexcusable.<br/><br/>Bottom line: we'll figure this thing out and suffer through the alarm for the sake of good, easy-to-make eggs, so it's worth keeping.
 Absolutely love this thing! It's so easy to use. I make a bunch and then put them in the fridge for the week to eat as snacks/breakfast. The timer thing though really is obnoxious - so so so loud. Doesn't bother me enough to not use this product. I love boiled eggs (I've also done soft boiled too), but I hate boiling them in a pot - this solves my problem! Get this. It's cheap, it works, and it's convenient!
 This thing cooks the eggs in every way promised. In that respect it is perfect. However, the alarm function is horrible. It’s a shriek that never fails to scare the cats, myself, my kids, my husband, the squirrels outside, the mailman, the townsfolk, distant farm animals and many -but not all- sea creatures. So I took off a star for that.
 I am not good at boiling eggs.  I've tried all the tips - fill the pan with water first, put the eggs in first, etc etc - nothing ever worked and I always ended up either breaking at least one egg or overcooking them.<br/><br/>This egg cooker is amazing!  Its so easy and mindless, a monkey could make eggs perfectly in this thing.<br/><br/>I do the full 6 at a time on Sunday nights and then I have breakfast ready for a few days at a time.<br/><br/>I love it.  A real great gadget and for only $15!
 I love poached eggs. This cooker has been used several times .... when it comes to the hard boil the water measurements seem to be good. When it comes to poached eggs the measurement is off. Typically the whites arent cooked through, which is saaad. I have tried more water but over cooked them...havent figured out the right amount as of yet. Overall it is okay but I do love the fact that I dont have to watch over eggs. The beep on this machine is a horrible sound though.
 The description said automatic shut-off when it's done. Didn't say there is an alarm sound when it's done. Should add - buzz sound (when done) is loud and nonstop till you turn it off, just like an alarm. I bought one in 2015, no noise at all and automatic shut-off when it's done, it was great. The alarm sound must be a new thing, very annoying. Don't buy it if you just want to cook an egg and didn't want to wake up the whole family.
 This egg cooker does a great job cooking eggs and looks nice.  However, the alarm is so annoying that I had to dump it and get another.  The whole point of getting an egg cooker (from my perspective) is to be able to do something else while the eggs are cooking (like take a shower) and then have it just shut itself off.  The problem with this one is that after the heater automatically shuts off upon completion then a loud, annoying buzzer turns on (almost as bad as a smoke alarm) and does not stop buzzing until you go and push the button again.  This is extremely annoying and inconvenient if you're in the middle of something else (and will wake up others in the house).  This was a deal breaker for me.  Wish they had made it so that it just beeped once upon completion.
 I just got finished "boiling" 24 eggs in 61 minutes ( 60-second clean-up included), using this cooker.  Each batch of 6 eggs takes about 90 seconds to get started and 14 or 15 minutes to cook...and at the end of the cook time a loud and horrible "Buzzer" (that wakes up the dead) goes off, which is one of the best features!  You can literally "set it and forget it" and you WILL know when the eggs are done.  I have not poached eggs nor cooked omelets with this cooker, so I cannot speak to those features.  As far as boiling eggs go, this cooker is the BEST!!!
 Very convenient to hard boil eggs in the morning before work. Pop them in and 10-15 minutes later and you have a quick and easy meal. My only complaint is the loud beep it makes once the eggs are done. It scares the you-know-what out of me every time, and will sometimes wake up my boyfriend if I don't turn it off in time. Caution: Unplugging the cooker will temporarily turn off the alarm, but unless you press the on/off button beforehand, once you plug it back in the alarm will continue to go off. Other than that, it is a great and easy to use product!
 Really lives up to the hype. I use it every day. It has some nuances that you'll get used to in regards to egg size/volume. I find that if I use bigger eggs, that I just add a little extra water and it turns out fine. It's very compact (probably about the size of a small cantaloupe) and everything fits inside of the dome when not in use. I'm so pleased with my purchase.
 It works once you adjust the cook times. I used the water line recommend for poached eggs that is given... the whites were still really runny. It needs way more water. Also, if you cook scrambled or poached eggs it will leave water on the eggs, from the steams condensation. Not a big deal with poached, just pop the eggs on to a napkin.  Over all I dont love it but I dont hate it.
 I was skeptical, thinking another space taking kitchen ganget.  This machine works well.  The hard boiled comes out perfect, realizing I often over cook my hard-boiled eggs in the past.  The soft boiled come out perfect.  The only thing that is annoying it the 'I'm Done' indication is more like an evacuate the house alwarm as opposed to the eggs are ready.
 After blowing up 9 eggs from forgetting them on the stove, I bought this and it is great. It has a siren that won't let you forget (kidding, not that loud) and the eggs turn out great. My hard boiled egg life has changed. I recommend this item~~~
 It's really difficult to find presents for my mother so I bought her one of these. She simply loves it and says it takes less time to boil eggs. She also liked the features and enjoys the variety of eggs she can make. From omelet to poached to hard boiled, there's a great selection and reduces the time it normally takes.
 I tried making poach eggs, they just ended up covered in water &amp; undercooked. It makes hard boiled eggs fine &amp; omelets, but the first time I used this I thought I set the fire alarm off. Nope! That was just the alarm that lets you know it’s done. The alarm does not stop until unplugging the device. Don’t try cooking eggs if anyone else in the house is still trying to sleep.
 I wrote a wonderful review of this product about 3 weeks ago, but since then it has stopped working properly. The light and noise don’t work, which results in my eggs over cooking 9/10 times. I tried using it without these features, but it’s not worth it. I
 I absolutely love this little thing! It is so easy to use and the eggs are super easy to peel! I just put the eggs in the top, use the measuring cup and add the water push the button and walk away! The handy-dandy egg timer goes off when they are perfectly done! I love it! Someone who is ADD like me always over cooks the eggs and then I can’t get the shell off of them… Such a pain in the booty! Now I can have healthy boiled eggs fresh each day! I even bought my daughter one for her college dorm! Fantastic!
 We gave my brother one for Christmas and he really liked it, so we got ourselves one and we're happy with it, too.  The buzzer does screech, but it's not as obnoxious as I expected it to be.
 This egg cooker has turned me into a soft &amp; hard boiling egg poking master.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R14GU2B53OI0QG"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81zPVLrV0PS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1TT0EbFo+S.png"/> Best invention ever! I almost didnt buy because of the screeching noise in other reviews but they must have fixed that mine plays a song. Perfectly cooked eggs so fast!
 LOVE this egg cooker!!!  I use it all the time. I make eggs in it weekly but throughout the week also use it to steam my veggies. Makes perfect steamed green beans!  So easy and very quick and no worrying about forgetting to check on your eggs or veggies. It alarms when they are done cooking. With 4 kids I often forgot to check on my eggs in a pot so I’m loving this cooker! I let my hard boiled eggs sit in the cooker for about 5-10 min once it alarms before I plop them in ice water. And they peel so easily!!  Just put them in a pot with a lid and some water, shake vigorously and often the shells will be off after shaking, but if not they slide right off so easily. Worth getting this for sure!
 Love hard boiled eggs and I love this appliance.  Works wonderful.  Consistently!  Doesn't take up much room on countertop at all.  I usually like multi-use appliances but this one is worth it all its own!<br/>HOWEVER, listen to the reviewers when they say the 'buzzer' is loud.  It is.  But, I was ready for it and it wasn't a big deal.  If I hadn't been warned it would have startled me.  But, I can leave the room and not be afraid I'll miss hearing the timer.<br/>Would highly recommend!!
 Best egg cooker!  I have had one for several years and recently ordered this one as a gift.  It's compact, easy to store and best of all, cooks egdgs exactly to your liking.  It makes the most perfect hard-boiled eggs that are easy to peel right after cooking.  It cooks six at a time.  Follow the directions to the "T" ... and you will have great eggs.  I have not tried the omelet or poached function ... use mostly for hard-boiled.
 I saw the other review of it cooks perfect eggs.  It does.  It just took longer than I thought for fully cooked eggs.  I used filtered water or bottle water in the cooker trying to eliminate spots.  But it still have some ugly spots.  Wish it is stainless steel and cleaner.  But for the price, I guess it is good.
 Quick &amp; easy way to hard boil eggs.  Easy to clean and packs up nicely.  The buzzer/alarm is insanely loud &amp; jarring, but you'll never forget your eggs are done!  Following the directions, I found eggs to come out a little soft/underdone. I recommend letting them sit vs digging right in.<br/>Now, if I could only get my kid to eat eggs.
 Once you use this and figure it out. You will never boil an egg another way again.<br/>One key is to make sure you put the eggs into cold water while they are still hot.<br/>As the eggs cool the shrink creating a vacuum inside the shell. This draws water into the shell between the egg and the shell.<br/>Peeling is like taking off a sock.
 I had one for years and it finally died, got this one and have had some upgrades. I don't like how when it is done cooking it screams at you, the old one just shut itself off, set it then go take a shower. Still works great and makes eggs perfectly.
 Simple. Good design. Versatile. I had another brand that rusted on the heating tray. This one is stainless steel. No problem. I clean off any water deposits with a little white vinegar. Love that you can poach and make omelet with this unit. I have purchased 3 of these units. Myself and the other recipients are all raving!
 This thing is WONDERFUL!  It works amazing. So far, I have hard boiled, soft boiled and poached eggs.  You have to make sure you follow the measuring cup perfectly for the poached eggs and I use regular size eggs, not jumbo. Love, love, love it!!  The eggs are easy to peal as well. Clean up is a piece of cake. I wish I would have purchased one of these a very long time ago.
 If you’re laughing at an egg cooker, well, you should not. I used to find it weird that there’s a need for this. I mean, who doesn’t know how to cook eggs 🙄 However, I used one of these at a hotel and it blew my mind. This egg cooker takes away so many tiny steps before I can eat my little eggs.<br/><br/>It comes with 3 trays for 3 options: boiled, omelette and poached, plus a measure cup that tells you exactly how much water you’re going to need for your style of eggs. When the eggs are done, the alarm will go off to let you know.<br/><br/>One drawback was that you need to be careful with where your hand is when taking the lid off. The steam coming out from the lid can burn. Moreover, the tray couldn’t fit all the eggs if they are on the larger size.
 Compact and super easy. Perfect eggs, no guesswork, easy to clean. In the shell, two poached, or a two egg omelet. I have a Dash Greek yogurt maker and it's an affordable little workhorse, so this is already a trusted brand. I can't speak to its durability at this early point but have seen nothing about this unit to cause concern.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R2I4T0OSMYS4YX"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71+bZRgF8eS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91BUSNrO1MS.png"/> I tried poaching eggs and was not impressed as the eggs were runnyyyyy. Also, the beep is more if a fire alarm. I’ll try other techniques and update this review
 This very versatile egg cooker is amazing.  It makes hard boiled eggs perfectly every time.  We use bottled water in order to have less residue when the water is steamed away.  No matter if you make one egg or six, it will work.  The eggs peel very easily when cooked this way.  Every yoke is bright yellow, no green edges with this machine.  Once the timer goes off let them set another 2 minutes and they will be perfect.  Amazing item for the cost and ease of use.  Takes up very little space.  Paid less then $20 to purchase and worth every dime of it.
 I was skeptical when I purchased this item. I thought it would be like one of those as-seen-on-tv products that just collect dust on your kitchen shelf. Well, I was wrong. I’m sooo glad I purchased this item! I use it at least twice a week. It so easy and peeling eggs so also so much easier than when you boil them. I love this egg cooker!
 I was very doubtful about this product before I purchased, but for this price decided I would give it a try. Worse thing would be I add it to my box of endless kitchen gadgets gone wrong. ABSOLUTELY  not the case at all. I love this quick perfect way of making eggs. Its worth getting. I find myself making eggs more often now.
 Cooks very good hardboiled eggs, the omelet and poached, not as great.  Still worth the money as hardboiled shells practically fall off the egg.  No more sticking.  Timer is insane but everyone says that.  Glad I don't live in an apartment cause I might get complaints.  Great cooker, you won't regret it.
 This Dash Rapid Egg Cooker does exactly what it says it does! I read all of the other reviews before I purchased for Christmas gifts, everyone unanimously agrees this is a terrific little gem and works perfectly.  We all feel adding a little more water is a good idea. No complaints,just raves, eggs peel so easy afterward. two family members go to Disney,they plan to use this little gem for a hot in room breakfast or late night snack,they love the poaching feature. It is all good. Thank you for carrying this wonderful little kitchen helper, none better! Could not be more pleased with this purchase.
 It’s very cute! Smaller than I expected, but I don’t have much room in my kitchen so that was a VERY welcome surprise. It’s easy to use and very convenient. Because it’s compact (small) it would be perfect for a dorm, someone with a small kitchen, or someone who just wants to put it to the side in order to cook something else. And it looks nice, too. I would recommend this product to really anyone.
 Thought this would be one of those too good to be true things that would be thrown out. Perfect for turn on and let it do it's job soft "boiled" eggs. Turn it on, go do something else, when it sounds it's (yes rather loud, but not as bad as some of the comments made it seem) alarm, the eggs are ready to serve. And the price is sure right.
 I thought I was buying an egg microwave, but this is actually a steamer hot plate. It takes about 15 minutes to do 6 eggs fully cooked, so it's not necessarily faster than boiling a pot of water. However, the timer on this is very good, and it cooks the eggs very consistently without over-cooking. I don't regret the purchase, although it's not what I expected.
 This egg cooker is everything I hoped it would be &amp; more! It’s quick, easy to use &amp; the hard boiled eggs are perfect. I was a little nervous after reading the reviews that mentioned the screeching buzzer. I purchased the black 6 egg cooker.  I’m not sure if I got a newer model or what, but it plays a pleasant tune when done (not too loud at all, just right) and the unit shuts itself off.  I couldn’t be happier with this little appliance. Also it is such a nice compact size that it takes up very little valuable counter or cupboard space.  I love it!
 I have never been able to cook hard boiled eggs in a pot- no matter how many times I have read the "tricks" to boiling the perfect egg (and then peeling it too)  Just couldn't do it.<br/><br/>I got this on a prime deal and I LOVE IT. Makes eggs perfectly, no fuss.<br/><br/>Be warned - The whistle that does off when the eggs are ready is a little alarming, but it certainly will get your attention to make sure you go shut off the cooker if you have wandered into the other room.
 It is more convenient than boiling water to make hard boiled eggs. However if you want soft boiled it will take some trial and error.  Fresh room temp eggs vs. eggs out of the fridge require different cooking times. I time on my own and stop after 5 mins for soft boiled.  The timer alarm will wake the dead. Be warned.
 I’ve only had it a few days but so far I love it! It makes perfect boiled eggs in just a few minutes and is super easy to use and so cute (I got the aqua)! I haven’t tried the poached or omelette settings yet but I’m excited to use it more. I can’t speak for the durability of it yet since I just got it but I hate cooking so anything this convenient and affordable is right up my alley.
 Can't believe how well this item works! Using large eggs I have perfectly cooked soft boiled eggs each time. Using a pan on the stove also works, but the results aren't as uniform.<br/><br/>I was unable to use the "soft boil" water amount as the cooker would shut off too soon. So I just use the "hard boiled" water amount and time with my cell phone (7 minutes). Works every time!
 The texture of the hard boiled eggs is perfect. Easy to peel eggs is great. I like that I don't have to watch a boiling pot anymore. Please, change the alarm that sounds when the eggs are done. The first time it went off, it scared me. I thought my smoke detector was going off. The sound can be heard on the second floor of my townhouse. Very loud.
 SO easy to use.  Not that I couldn't make hard boiled eggs before but this just makes it easier... no pot to watch.  Put them in, change out laundry, run vacuum, etc. and the beeper goes off, boom.  First trial run we had "runny" yokes which we ate right away.  I now leave them in for an extra few minutes after beeper before putting in cold water.
 I work full time, go to school full time, and have 2 little sons. So, the usual way I make hard boiled eggs is:<br/><br/>Put water in a pot, put in eggs<br/><br/>If I don't forget to turn the stove on, turn the stove on<br/><br/>Promptly forget that I have the stove on until all the water boils away and I start smelling a burning pot<br/><br/>Add inventive cuss words and phrases while I'm peeling the eggs.<br/><br/>This little thing helps with all of that. It has an alarm so I only have to pay attention if I want soft boiled eggs, and really, who has time for such a luxury? The eggs are super easy to peel as well, a huge plus in my book. I have no clue about the durability since I've had it for about a month, but I'm very happy with my purchase.
 I don't know how we ever lived without this!  16 minutes for 6 hard boiled eggs.  Put them in ice water and peel immediately.  The shell comes right off!!!  Easy peasy!  Then we keep it in a ziplock bag for hard boiled egg lunches, egg salad sandwiches, deviled eggs...etc.  We swear that the texture of the egg white is much less rubbery!  We use it nearly every day.  Very small footprint.  Every kitchen needs one.
 It does exactly what it is supposed to do, cook eggs. Hard or soft boiled come out great. We haven't tried the poached or omelet attachments yet. I docked a star because the buzzer only worked once and has since been silent.<br/>As a side note,  based on other reviews, I was expecting the buzzer to be horrendously loud but it really was very mild.
 I bought this when it was on sale or a lightning deal or something. I didn’t knkw it was a “real” brand until someone told me so. It’s great!<br/><br/>Hard boiled eggs are so easy. Omelettes are easy too except you have to run it through two cooking cycles not just one like the book says. But it gets the job done. I would definitely purchase again and am now paying attention to other Dash products.
 The water portions are not correct to time needed cooking. I was most interested in making poached eggs. The water line to make poached left me with two half cooked eggs and excess water in each egg spot. Gross! I planned on using this for making a quick breakfast when I work in the early morning. I won’t be doing that because the buzzer to let you know it’s done is so loud it woke my kiddo up when testing it tonight. Total waste of money.
 Small foot print and easy to clean. With the use of the same amount of water there seems to be a large variation in how cooked the eggs are. (ie soft versus hard boiled). The indicator alarm is ANNOYING and my partner has burned himself on the steam more than once even using mits to take the lid off. Did not have that same issue with similar  product
 I had to give this away to someone that uses small eggs. It will not hard boil extra large or jumbo eggs which is what I use. The buzzer is very loud so it's great for my husband that is very hard of hearing. I didn't try to make an omelet. You can tell there is not enough room for much else than the egg.
 10-15 min for eggs that i dont have to watch. it creates a very loud and annoying sound when done so i can easily hear it upstairs when i am getting ready in the morning. I have been using it twice a week for about 2 months and it has held up and doing great. I love this egg cooker!!! its small enough to put in my kitchen drawer and the parts i place in the dish washer.
 I bought this as a gift for my bf who always makes eggs in the morning. It’s always a hassle for him to time it, wait for the water to boil, and then he gets upset when he doesn’t cook them perfectly (a lil gooey inside). He uses this every single morning and it works perfectly. It’f much faster, there is less clean up, and it is very reliable. Thanks!
 I can't rate its durabilty or versatility but this product so far has exceded my expections. Cooks fast and easy to clean. With a little adjustment you can control the doneness you want. One warning though the end of cooking signal will scare the crap out of you, but you get use to it. I diffently would reccomend this product.
 Makes great boiled eggs - I finally got to taste what a soft boiled egg is supposed to taste like! Deviled eggs came out perfectly with the hard boiled setting.  Doesn't do so well with the poached eggs - they were under-cooked and odd shaped (half moon).  Overall very happy with the purchase.  Would buy again.
 This is our favorite little kitchen appliance.  It's loud when the alarm goes off, but that is ok.. It makes great egg white omelets in it's omelet pan and this thing gets used every day~  Great product,, great price!  I would like the alarm to quieten down on another model  LOL but other than that, it's just great!
 This a quick and easy way to make hard-boiled eggs.  I switched from using jumbo eggs to using large eggs to facilitate use.  However, one can cook jumbo eggs if one cooks only four eggs at a time, leans them away from each other a bit in the cooker, and leaves them in the cooker for an extra minute or two after the buzzer sounds. I have also used the "omelet" tray, which allows one to cook two broken and beaten eggs at a time.  Once, I added a bit of cooked ham to the two raw eggs before turning the cooker on to make a slightly fancier "omelet."  I will be doing that again.
 I love this egg cooker! My husband loves boiled eggs and I struggled with boiling eggs twice a week. Now...I follow the easy directions...and a very loud buzzer (that I can hear through out the entire house) lets me know when I need to remove the lid and take them out. Perfect every time! I don’t poach or use any of the other gadgets so I can’t attest to them...but I wouldn’t trade this for any other egg cooker!
 What a fun little cooker.  It does everything as advertised and the price was very fair.  Mostly wanted it for poaching, but the omelet feature worked too.  Takes about 10 minutes to cook each session.  So four poached eggs takes about 20 minutes.  The "done alarm" is non-obtrusive and easily canceled.
 I love boiled eggs therefore I definitely love this product! I have been using this product ever since I bought it. I have to let the eggs sit for a bit before I could get the true, flakey boiled egg texture on yolk. If you consume one immediately right after the timer beeps, the yolk is still a bit pasty. So it pays to be patient. Definitely very convenient way to make eggs.
 With several options to choose from, I choose this primarily for the ability to make hard boiled eggs. This so far does a great job and meets all expectations. My wife also loves this product for poached eggs made easy and uses it almost every day. Very simple to use but does take a few times to really "dial" in on the egg harness you want. Fully recommend this product.
 It always seems to be last minute I want a hardboiled egg or two for a salad or a snack and I hate to have to boil water and wonder if the egg is cooked or not.  I had heard about this egg cooker and thought why not give it a try for the price.  I'm glad I did.  It works like a charm.  Hardly and effort at all and you have yourself hard boiled eggs.  My teen daughter uses it alot because she likes egg salad.  Would make a nice little gift for someone as well.  Takes up hardly any cupboard space.
 I like to cook eggs for my breakfast, but I hate caring about the boiling cooker, it is a waste of time. This product makes egg-cooking very easy and time-saving, what I need to do is pour water into the cooker and turn on it. When the cooking is done, it will beep and stop heating. So I can do something else while cooking.
 Have tried 'boiling' and 'poaching' eggs, in both cases the eggs were basically undercooked.  The poached eggs were still raw in the middle and the hard boiled eggs were soft boiled.  I don't know if they used quail eggs or something about that size when they tested this thing but, in my opinion, it is worthless.
 I could not wait to get this gadget. I am following a Keto way of eating and eggs are such a huge part of that. I wanted this to be conve and helpful. It did NOT disappoint! It’s tiny so I will probably leave it on my counter and I will probably use it daily. It was super easy to put together and use. My hard boiled eggs were perfect! It literally takes seconds to poke the holes and pour in the water and then you push a button to start it. Yes, the “alarm” is a little loud. But in the grand scheme of convenience, I don’t mind. It’s not deafening.
 Package was delivered in superior condition...inside shipping box, the box/packaging for the egg cooker was unique, as a specially designed heavy envelope contained information on the cooker....cooker was well sealed/wrapped, and each additional part was done in a similar manner...very "up to date" style, as in sending a gift...type packaging.<br/>Cooker has been wonderful in every process, from hard/medium/soft boiled eggs...poached were perfect, scrambled also.<br/>Shipment arrived a day early, it was such a pleasant surprise !<br/>One simply can not go wrong with ordering the Dash Egg Cooker, in any color...performance is beyond excellent with this unit !<br/>The five star rating should actually be...10 *, as it is easy to use, clean, store or leave on the counter.<br/>I highly recommend this Cooker for convenience, efficiency, and looks.<br/>Chris D. State of Washington
 This was pretty good when we first bought it, but within a month or two it began acting up. The water boils over and leaks out, causing the cooking time to be too short for the cook we’re going for. My hard-boiled eggs are more along the lines of medium, which doesn’t make for great egg salad. I don’t know what the issue is because the one we have at work, which is exactly the same only white, cooks things perfectly every time.
 I love this little kitchen gadget. I've used it many times already and cook 6 eggs at a time. I like hard boiled eggs to put on a breakfast sandwich or just to have a quick snack with a bit of salt. It's so easy to put a bit of water and they are done when all the water is steamed off and the alarm goes off. It's loud by the way, it made me jump the first time I heard it. Not more burned pots and eggs when left on the gas burner and you forget about it.
 I only gave this 4 stars because I haven't used all the feature yet.  I only made hard boiled and they came out perfect.  Super easy to peel (which is something I have issues with a lot).  I can't wait to make an omelet.  I'm actually going to buy one of these for my mom and mother in law.
 I haven't had it long enough to rate the durability, but my first cooking of hard boiled eggs went perfectly.  I always have a hard time getting them to peel properly.  These peeled like they are supposed to - so easy.  I'm getting one of these for my Mom who loves to make deviled eggs.
 Very easy to use and the eggs came out perfect. I added enough water to hard boil and filled all 6 spots. I immediately placed in cold water when the music came on. The yolk came out just how I like them! Definitely recommend.
 I researched egg cookers for so long and the reason I kept saying no to the Dash Go is because it just sounded too good to be true! I LOVE this thing! I have the best eggs ready in no time and they peel perfectly and are always exactly as I wanted them. It is a nice, small size that fits perfectly on the kitchen counter and is not in the way at all.  I was also hesitant because of the reviewers hating the loud buzzer sound at the end of cooking. Believe me, I hate loud and annoying sounds and this is not that bad. It is loud but I just don't see what the big deal is about the buzzer.
 Does the job with minimal effort. I like the omelette option. Is it worth the $20? Yea.. If I could go back I’d probably pass on it. I prefer the consistency of omelettes from a pan. And hard boiled eggs are easy enough as it is. With this you still have to clean the trays, top so not much more than a pot.
 This thing is really awesome.The only complaint I have is that the buzzer sounds like a crazy home alarm and doesn't go off until you go turn it off. I assume it's a safety feature.... but it's pretty obnoxious.
 Works like a charm for hard cooked eggs, they come out perfect. No heat, safe, energy &amp; time saver.  But that alarm when the eggs are done... wow!  Could they have made a more annoying loud sound??  But very pleased and glad I got this. Such an easy quick way to add more eggs to diet.  I have not tried anything but hard cooked.
 This little machine is pretty cool. It will perfectly hard boil eggs and make a lovely omelette. Making eggs used to be a pain, but not anymore! The omelettes come out perfectly and are the right size. I do recommend watching the little steam hole because I've burned myself twice, but otherwise, highly recommend.
 My mother in law had a similar device and loved it.  I have never ever been able to hard boil an egg correctly on the stove top, so I thought for the price, I'd try it.  Absolutely love this thing.  I followed directions exactly.  Put three eggs in to start.  After the annoying timer goes off, I let the eggs sit without lifting the lid until they are a bit cooler.  they have been perfect every single time.  My husband likes hard boiled eggs chopped up in tuna salad and my son loves to snack on them, so this has been great.  We can now have hard boiled eggs often with the mess of getting a pan out, etc.  I highly recommend this product.
 Perfect hard boiled eggs in no time flat. I am totally in love now. The alarm for when the heating plate evaporates all the water is a bit... alarming (had to, sorry) and reminded me of the fire alarms where I'm living, but I suggest just staying close by. No setting it and then taking a long shower or the dog for a walk. I haven't tried an omelette or poached yet, but still impressed. I've struggled with perfect hard boiled eggs for ages. This took the guesswork out of it.
 There was nothing to dislike about this product. I soft boiled my eggs and souffle them perfectly. And before when I would hard boil eggs 80% of the time I would forget them on the stove  until the water was boiling over now it does it perfectly. You can miss the timer going off. Love the product.
 Okay, now that I got that out of my system, this is without a doubt the most used appliance in my kitchen - and I have a lot of appliances.  You pick how many eggs you want (up to 7), poke a tiny hole in the bottom of each egg using the egg cup, decide how you'd liked them cooked by measuring water in the small cup, (I've ONLY done hard-boiled, but they're perfect everytime), put on the lid and turn it on.  It takes maybe, 2 minutes to get it going?  There will be a high pitched noise in about 11 minutes letting you know they're done.  I put the eggs in a bowl and run under cold water for a few minutes.  I've never had easier/better/easier to peel eggs in my life!  And for someone on the go and on a budget - this has been a godsend!
 This egg cooker is perfect! You'll have to adjust the water level not only according to the softness of the egg but also the temp of the egg (eg if it just came out of the fridge you'll need more water to make it cook) but it's pretty intuitive and you'll learn what works quickly.<br/>The screech is bad (I can't use it while my roommate is sleeping) but otherwise it's a perfect device.
 Whoever invented the electric Egg Cooker is a genius!  Perfectly cooked eggs that peal great every time, whether they are fresh eggs or not.  I also love the "medium" and "soft" boiled eggs which I couldn't make correctly before.  No more boiling, not knowing how long to keep the eggs in for only to end up with egg shells you can't peal.  I am giving this 5 stars because for the price this is a great product.  But you get what you pay for.  All plastic parts, etc.  I may upgrade in the future since I have been using this every day.
 This little machine is amazing. The versatility is fantastic. The eggs always taste great. It’s simple and fast. I mean breakfast cannot get any easier. I did take off one star, for the excessive amount of water. Seems to me that could be cleaned up a little, but it’s not a huge issue, it just makes things a little messier.
 I have only used it to cook hard boiled eggs (you can poach and make omelets as well). It is a great little device and will notify you once it's done. The sound is ridiculously loud like a smoke detector so maybe don't do it early AM. Easy to peel the eggs and cooked perfectly (soft, medium, hard options).
 Piercing the large end of the egg first with the included piercer (has protective cap) allows the air pocket inside the egg to escape preventing cracked eggs and allowing a little steam inside the egg causing the shell peel so easily. Small enough to store anywhere, yet steams 7 eggs at once. Only a small amount of water is needed making the process fast and energy efficient.
 I used to have an old egg cooker that perfectly poached eggs every time. It finally did after years of use so I thought to replace it with this...and I will be returning. I used the included measuring cup and measured the correct amount for poached eggs (it does not give options for soft, medium, hard) and the eggs came out BARELY cooked. After much trial-and-error I just could not get them to the proper consistency. Also, the buzzer is the most obnoxious thing I've ever heard.
 I don’t usually do reviews, but this thing deserves a review. I used it for the first time this morning to make hard boiled eggs. I followed the directions, and my eggs were done super fast. When I peeled the shells off and cut them open they were perfect. I have never made boiled eggs on the stove that looked this perfect. I highly recommend this product. I am going to buy a second one to take to the office. It is very small and easy to store also.
 PROS:<br/>Works well, eggs come out perfect based on the water level you have chosen. Eggs are de-shelled easily. Quick.<br/><br/>CONS:<br/>No instruction manual included. (although it's pretty easy to figure out). Extremely annoying alarm that you cannot change or turn off without unplugging once the unit has finished cooking. I get that people want to know when their eggs are done so they don't overcook, etc. but man that alarm is terrible.
 One of the best purchases I’ve made! This machine is awesome I haven’t used it for anything except for boiling of eggs but you can make omelette as well. But it’s super easy to do and you end up with the perfect hard boiled eggs. Oh and did I mention afterworlds you can peel eggs in a matter of seconds really seconds!
 Can't  Believe I waited this long to buy one of these. These things are wonderful they make the best boiled eggs you've ever eaten .
 This is nifty and I actually use it more than I expected.  Boiled eggs are my go-to for protein (Type 1 diabetic) and this makes them perfectly, quicker and with less clean up.  The poached egg the first time wasn't so swell it needs a little more water than called for.<br/><br/> It is easy to clean and takes little shelf space.
 Trying to eat more eggs but boiling took too long... frying/scrambling eggs was a mess... This thing makes omelets and hard boiled eggs a walk in the park.... consistently perfect eggs (except for the time I tried to make an omelet too big).  Hard boiled or even medium boiled are perfect.... My only complaint is the "done" buzzer.... sounds like a smoke alarm going off... a nice bell or chimes would be much better....  But I am very happy with this!!
 This product makes it easy to boil eggs and I eat them more often with the product (I find boiling them to be too much of a hassle). I love that it automatically knows how long to cook the eggs based on the amount of water used.<br/><br/>My only complaint is the buzzer at the end. It's so loud that I thought my apartment's fire alarm was going off when it went off! I suppose this is a positive, as I'd prefer to hear it and unplug it rather than forget about it.<br/><br/>Overall, I'd recommend, especially given the price (I purchased for about $20).
 I gave this to my mother as a gift.<br/><br/>She has let me know several times that she is very happy with it, that it makes her life easier.<br/><br/>And she mentioned that for the first time ever, her eggs come out just as intended.  No guessing on times and hoping for the best.
 I like the product, but I dont understand why they had to put a fire alarm grade siren on it. My kids get scared when they hear the sound of my eggs getting done and you have to press the button to shut it off. A couple of beeps would've sufficed in my opinion.
 This thing is fantastic. Does exactly what it advertises, no more no less. The only down side I can think of about it is that when the eggs are cooked and ready, the alarm that goes off is WAYYYY too loud and obnoxious. A few light beeps would be a lot better.
 EGGS ARE DONE!!!!!  EGGS ARE DONE!!! EGGS ARE DONE!!!!!  EGGS ARE DONE!!! EGGS ARE DONE!!!!!  EGGS ARE DONE!!!<br/><br/>Just in case you are two houses away,  the blood curdling scream of an alarm tells you your eggs are done.  Question for the creators of this item,  "You do realize this is a breakfast item right?  Do you really think people want to hear that at 7 am?  Kinda stupid in my opinion.  But it does cook eggs,  but I do find they need to be cooked a little longer than the recommended time to be truly hard boiled, but you get used to that.  The alarm however,  you'll never get used to that.
 Pros:  Easy to use, easy to clean, cooks eggs thoroughly (add more water to cook more).<br/>Poaches eggs really well.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>Measuring cup for water leaks.<br/>Light weight and round shape means its easy to tip eggs out of the poached tray and make a mess when pressing the power button.<br/>It likes to turn on if you plug it in even if you haven't pressed power button yet.<br/>Poaching tray is a little small, with over-sized eggs some egg white may spill out.<br/><br/>Next time I might buy a bigger one, this only does 2 eggs poached or scrambled at once (up to 6 hard boiled).
 I was mildly skeptical but decided to give the egg cooker a try since it is a great value. It far surpassed my expectations and I was really impressed. So, so easy to use. Cooked my eggs perfectly. Hardly takes up any room in my kitchen. I cook hard boiled eggs all the time, and they are usually a nuisance to peel. Not anymore! The egg cooker not only cooks well, but also makes the shell much easier to peel than any other method I've tried!
 Ok, so making hard boiled eggs wasn’t hard before, I’ll admit... but Man, does this thing make it even easier!!! I love how you can set it and forget it and you know it’s done when the timer goes off! My 6 year old even started to help me make them for quick snacks after school!
 I love hard boiled eggs but can never get them right and peeling the shell is impossible. Since getting this I haven’t had a single issue with peeling my shells and my eggs are perfect every time. The only thing I would say is annoying is the buzzer when it’s done. Every time it goes off it sounds like a fire alarm and won’t stop until you manually press it off.
 LOVE this little cooker!!!  I've made more soft- and hard-boiled eggs in it than I have in my LIFE! I'm still playing a little with how long to leave the eggs in after the timer goes off.  Usually 1 minutes does the trick.  And had a little problem with the bottom of the pan burning on the first try, but we got that figured out.  Cleaning the bottom of the pan was a little problem until I learned to put water and vinegar in the pan and let it soak.  Works every time.  You gotta get this!  I've recommended it to everyone I know.  :)
 Easiest way to hard boil 6 eggs ever... since I bought this I make deviled eggs every week. So far I’ve never had a problem peeling the eggs they’re always clean. I’ve used this to make poached eggs and little omelettes as well with great results...
 This is the best thing hands down. It amazes me how good it works. It takes little effort to use and I don't like cooking so it's a no brainer for me to purchase. One thing I really like about it is it elimanates the sulfur smell that you get when you boil eggs on the stove. It automatically shuts off when the cooking process is over, and alerts you when it's finished. I am considering buying these for several of my friends. Oh, by the way...YOU DONT HAVE CLEAN UP......did I mention I love it. I give it 5 stars and if they had 10 I'd give it 10. Another thing is I don't ordinarily write reviews, I'm just convinced that everyone needs one.
 This rapid egg cooker has been a great addition to our kitchen.  We use it a couple times a week to make egg salad sandwiches, and the eggs are cooked perfect and FAST.  The setup/instructions are simple, and the measuring cup is very helpful.  Using the pin on the bottom of the measuring cup makes the hard boiled eggs very easy to peel, which saves a lot of time too.  Very easy to clean.
 This little appliance is nifty. In a household that goes through 5 dozen eggs every 2 weeks this definitely saves time. Instead of pulling out the big pot and boiling water I can now just plug this bad boy in and voila! Its compact and easy to use. Fits right in my cupboard. Love the aqua color too. If you're an egg family this is definitely worth the purchase.
 Better than expected! It is a quick and nourishing breakfast. My grandkids love having warm hard boiled eggs, scrambled eggs in minutes without all the messy pans. A great kitchen tool for a busy family that wants to eat better. I have my own chickens so it's a double bonus fresh farm eggs, freshly hardboiled, soft boiled, poached scrambled. Love it!
 The product does what is advertised and does cook eggs well.  However it is limited to only 2 poached eggs.  We normally cook four at a time, and using this product for that many results in 2 cold eggs while the second pair is cooking.  This is not clear in the information shown on the Amazon page.  If I had know this I would not have purchased the item
 Only had this since Christmas and have used it every day almost. Hopefully it will stand up to the constant use. Love that I can have hard boiled eggs in minutes and they are super easy to peel. When done I just plop them into an ice bath and the shell comes off so easy. I usually poached eggs every day. I do have to add more water than suggested so the egg whites are not runny.
 This is hands down my favorite kitchen gadget! I love hard boiled eggs but just could not perfect it on my own. I did a little research and decided to give this a try since it's really cheap. Hard boiled eggs take about 16 minutes to make and the shell literally slides right off. I haven't tried to scramble or poach, but I am sure it works great!
 I was hesitant about buying this, but after reading the reviews I convinced myself that it was a necessary purchase (lol, is any purchase on amazon really necessary?) and decided to try it out. If you're on the fence, I would recommend going for it. The instructions make it super easy to use, although I have found that I need to tweak their recommended times to get the eggs cooked to my preference. In summary: quick, easy, and worth the purchase.
 All in all, it is a good product with a couple of problems.  The hard boiled eggs take a bit longer than the cooker gives them so I have to leave them in it after the timer sounds.  It is just difficult to know for long.  The omelet if more like fluffy scrambled, but good.
 I really like this thing partly because w/o it I can never get soft boiling right. Besides steaming eggs I found another use. I use it to reheat dim sum. My kids love them some shumai and just nuking the shumai ruins the texture. Steaming it this way retains the flavor w/o ruining the texture. Now to think up more things to steam with the Dash.
 Perfect product!  Got on a lightning deal and love the aqua color for a little pop of color in my kitchen.  Love hard boiled eggs, but never seem to take the time to make them.  This appliance gets me to make them and they are ready to eat in NO TIME FLAT!!  Always come out perfectly cooked and easy to peel.  Great for easy deviled eggs and egg salad too! Highly recommended product!!
 The buzzer is  E X T R E M E L Y  loud and terribly annoying.  The product is simple to use - and so far works really well.  However, if I had heard that buzzer before making the purchase, I would have gone with a different brand.  Other reviewers said it's like a smoke alarm, I was thinking it sounds a bit like a test of the Emergency Broadcast System.  Either way -- that noise - at that volume - is unnecessary in the absence of some sort of emergency.
 I might be eating too many eggs now. i use this thing every weekday for some post workout hard boiled eggs. makes hard boiled eggs in around 12 minutes, if you throw them in a bowl of cold water after they're done they peel very easily. i put it next to the stove, point the vent hole towards it and turn the range hood fan on to keep the house from smelling like eggs. it helps
 This thing is great but the buzzer sound makes me think something is calling out from the underworld and never ceases to terrify me. A kind bell would have been a lot better than something that sounds similar to a hellcat.
 Steams egg very well, but the warning buzzer is so loud and annoying that I took off two stars.  There is no need for such an annoying alarm because it auto-powers-off when the egg is done.  A simple ding would do it.<br/><br/>Consider picking up an egg topper / cracker to go with it.
 I love my new egg cooker!!  The Medium boiled eggs come out perfectly every time with the whites cooked and the yolk slightly runny. It is very small and doesn't take up much counter space and it's so easy to use!  I love being able to quickly and easily cook a couple of eggs for my hubby and me without adding any fat.  The little measuring cup that's included measures exactly the amount of water needed for perfect eggs every time. I am very happy with this purchase.
 Game changer! No more pots, waiting for water to boil, cracking an egg as it you drop it into the pot, dangerous hot water, and cleaning up. Simply place your eggs (up to 7) within the dome, add water to the plate according the to desired egg outcome (hard, medium, or soft), click the button and voila! Eggs to perfection. I've never had egg shells that stuck to the egg and were impossible to peal off. The shells just falls off perfectly.<br/>Highly highly recommend.
 Ok, I bought this as a daily deal and I'm pleasantly surprised. It cooks perfect boiled eggs without a lot of fuss. I dont use it for any of the other features, such as making an omelet. I used to boil my eggs on the stove. Now I just add a little water to the bottom of the cooker and add the punctured eggs and let the cooker handle the rest. Very little cleanup, perfectly cooked eggs, automatic shutoff and a loud alarm to let you know they're ready. This is not a need to have appliance, but its clean, quick, and you dont have to worry about overcooking or under cooking eggs anymore.
 Very easy to use. Makes cooking eggs much easier. Makes a “whistle” sound when it’s out of water, just unplug it an it stops. Not sure why people complain of this or mark as a negative review because of this. I find it very helpful, I can walk away and then know when the eggs are done.
 This was sent to Mom in her 80's and she made me buy 3 more for her friends.  Wife saw it and then I bought 3 more for her friends.  It works great for small ham and cheese omelet for the morning and makes it the right shape for a quick power sandwich prior to work.  You will not be disappointed.
 If it was just making it easy to peal hardboiled eggs alone it is worth the price.  It is the easiest way to make hardboiled eggs.  So far I have made about two dozen hardboiled eggs and each one comes out great and easy to peal.  I have tried MANY methods to make it easy to peal the eggs, but this one is by far the best.  Every egg, so far, was easy to peal. My only problem now is that my wife and I are going to be eating many more hardboiled eggs because it is so easy.
 Oh boy,  do I love this little guy. I have the worst eggs in my town, no matter what trick I use, I can never peel my hard boiled eggs. I've tried it all, baking soda in the water, baking instead of boiling, using older eggs, ect. Nothing worked until this egg cooker. I have used it to make huge batches of deviled eggs, and it was great. Perfect soft boiled eggs, perfect omelets. And what a good price.
 Handle on top main reason I bought this model, however, within 30 days of receiving, alarm stopped working, but unit would still continue to turn off when finished (approx. 5 min for omelette). Problem was that after turning off, it automatically turns back on. Had these units before &amp; never experienced this problem. Too much trouble to return.  Now set a timer &amp; when finished pull plug. 2 stars rating since it still cooks.
 Love this thing! Just remember to put the eggs in upside down and poke the hole in the large end, not the pointy end. And obviously the end with the hole goes up. I found that if I wiggle the hole poking needle while I am making the hole in the egg it makes it easier. When they are done cooking I take the cover off right away and set the eggs in cold tap water for a while. So far that makes them super easy to peel. I haven't tried the poaching or omelet trays yet. Also, if you use distilled water it won't leave mineral deposits on your water heating tray.
 Boiling eggs is not difficult but does require at least some attentiveness since they're on the stove. This however is awesome because I just load up the eggs according to directions and let them go until I hear the very loud timer go off. Then boom, hard boiled eggs while I went of and did some other thing in the house.
 This cooks eggs like a champ - great for people who need to triple filter their water before it's drinkable (thus making getting enough of it to boil very difficult). Just make sure to be around while it's turned on or the really loud jailbreak alarm that sounds when it's finished will piss off your neighbors. XD lol
 We’re absolutely loving this! The reason I only giving a 4 is that it doesn’t always want to turn on. Sometimes it turns on just when I plug it in and then it beeps like it’s finished. Sometimes it doesn’t even turn on when I push the button. It hardly ever beeps when it’s done cooking and when it does the only way to stop it is to turn it off. However, it cooks eggs great! We’ve made them all different ways and each time they’re fabulous! The kids love using it and I love showing my friends and family how cute the little things is.
 Cool product that works well.  After the buzzer goes off, I drop the eggs in cold water and the shells peel off easily.
 Never knew such a gadget would make life so much easier. This is my 2nd that I purchased for another place. It is great the little water that you use, so you are saving water. You have to pierce each egg on the top, which is not difficult. It will buzz when it senses the water is evaporated &amp; now I have perfect hard boil eggs. Some people complain that it is hard to clean, but I haven't had that problem. I use dish soap &amp; turn it on its side &amp; clean it away.
 I love this egg cooker. It frees up space on my stove, one less thing to worry about. But I have to say the beep when it's done is literally the worst. It sounds like a fire alarm went off. So loud and abrasive.... I honestly don't like to be near it when the beep goes off..
 I love this product.  It makes absolutely perfect boiled eggs. It also makes a little mini omelette and you can add veggies, or cheese to your omelette.  The instructions say it can also cook small quantities of veggies and steam shrimp, but I haven't done this yet.  I have recommended my Dash Egg Cooker to so many of my friends.
 I've done hard boiled (have to add more water than hard boiled line) and made a 2 egg omelet (also needed about twice as much water) and both turned out good. Eggs are easier to peel, you will need to give them an ice water bath for a few mins after they're done. Some people complained about the shut off sound, but it's musical on mine so it doesn't bother me.
 Do you like protein? Do you like a perfectly cooked hardboiled, that doesn't leave the shell sticking to the egg? This is now my favorite device in the kitchen. Also, if you think that this is like any other kitchen "device" that is hard to clean, or will take up all your cabinet space, you are mistaken. Tiny in size and literally 1 minute to clean. Love this thing so much, I believe all family members on each side now own one.<br/><br/>Try the omelet tray that comes with. Dump in some salsa, bacon bits and shredded cheese with your egg mixture....fantastic!
 So annoyed with this thing. It does not shut off automatically and the noise it makes when it's done is harring and horrendous. My 4 year old cries every time he hears it- and this from a kid that makes more noise than a construction crew. But it cooks the eggs well enough and is cute. I just can't bring myself to use it because of how awful it sounds.
 I really struggle with making hard-boiled eggs and can never get them right. This little machine saves me so much time and it is so easy to use! The eggs come out exactly as I want them and I could not be happier with it!!! I have been raving about it to everyone.
 Only 4 stars so far because I just received it last week and used it 3 times, only for hard boiled eggs. Main reason I made the purchase so I went right to 4. This could drop or possible rise to 5 when I start using for other egg options, but for now, short review on hard boiled.<br/>Pleasantly surprised at the ease of just snapping it together, pouring the recommended amount of water, adding the eggs, and within just over 10 minutes they are ready. Skeptical at first but after short cool off under water, peeled perfectly (6 eggs total - 2, 2 and 2 separate times) and were, well, hard boiled!! Maybe a downside could be the alert that they are ready. Sounds more like a smoke alarm going off. But minor to me. Some might find it a tad annoying. Quick push of button it stops.
 This is one of the best purchases I have made on Amazon. I love this machine for hard boiled eggs. I haven't tried any of the other attachments, nor will I. The only bad thing is it gets quite dirty from the boiling water. However, I clean it with vinegar after every use and it looks like new. I highly recommend the Dash.
 Since purchasing this cool little egg maker I have made breakfast at home every day. I can't fully say that it makes what people would consider a normal omelette, but the idea is the same. Eggs with ingredients, some cheese, some spices, all cooked and melded together beautifully. I look forward to making breakfast every morning with this easy to use egg maker. Cleaning the components is a breeze, cleaning the metal part is also easy. I recommend letting some water and vinegar sit in the heating element for a few minutes, empty the excess water, and wiping clean. I hope this lasts me a long time but at such a good price, even if not, I'll buy another!
 Update: 2 solid monhts of use at least every other day. Still loving it, perfect eggs every time. Way more use than our instant pot.<br/><br/>Gave this to my husband for Christmas, so I can’t speak to it’s longevity, but perfect eggs every time. My husband love it and has used it every day so far. He doesn’t usually like specialized kitchen appliances but he is in love with this one.
 Makes eggs easier to peel because it heats them so fast. This device was surely crafted by the gods! I can make eggs so fast and peel them easily. Breakfasts are now less stressful. It also requires MUCH less water (and I imagine energy) then to boil the eggs.
 This is one of the greatest appliances in my kitchen and is getting to be the most used.  This little gem makes the best hard boiled eggs.  I eat a lot of hard boiled and deviled eggs.  This works just great, and the eggs do peel easily compared to boiling them.  This was money well spent.
 This is the cutest little gadget! Super easy to assemble, I hard boiled 6 eggs the first night I got it.  There is a screeching noise to let you know they're done cooking, and it comes with an omlet and another attachment for cooking. Very cool little gadget.
 I just got this last night and within a few minutes I had it out of the box, rinsed, and ready to try out. I made 6 hard boiled eggs... didn’t even have to use a timer, it told ME when the eggs were ready (around 10 min I think) and they were PERFECTLY COOKED! They peeled with no issues as well. More than impressed!
 Like in COat 5500’.  Water boils at 199F.  While this works, because water boils at lower temp, there’s a scorched mess left behind.  Cleanup is a PITA.  Be good if you could adjust the timer length or there’s some kind of sensor to add on that manages the amount of heat applied.
 Way more versatile than I was expecting! I got this as a gift for someone going through a pretty big hard boiled egg kick, but it does more styles of egg than I thought. It's pretty darn cute sitting on the counter, does exactly what it says it does, and feels well-made. The buzzer is way more of a fire-alarm sound than I anticipated, FYI.
 I love this little machine.  The eggs cook until the water is gone.  Takes 10 min for almost hard yolks and about 7 min for runny yolks.  I only have to wash the egg tray.  So much easier than using a pan on the stove.  Plus, I can walk away and do something else because it shuts off automatically.  I recommend this little appliance highly.
 I was not as impressed as I thought I would be with poached eggs which I love. I followed the directions and I'm hoping eggs will get better with practice. Hard boiled eggs were rubbery and the yolks were not a uniform color. The buzzer to indicate egg cooker is done is very loud(scared my cats!). I'm not sure this was good buy
 When I took it out of the box, it looked so small and insufficient. But I decided why not try the thing. To my amazement, it worked "like a charm!" I enjoy boiled eggs so much. I think I'll boil a few right now. I think this might be a good Christmas gift.
 I love this. Didn't see much point in it at first as you boil an egg and that's it but I like that this is timed and so easy.<br/>No second guessing.
 I love this little machine.  I love finding faster ways to make hard boiled eggs and with how often I eat them this has done the job.  It's so simple and it works so well.  The buzzer noise goes off when the eggs are done so don't worry if it seems like it's taking a bit.
 I'm blown away by the ease of this machine... not only can i cook eggs to my liking, it's quick to do so.  I make a batch of medium boiled eggs at the beginning of the work week and keep them in the work fridge  for snacks of breakfast throughout the week!
 Ckever, easy to set up a batch to cook.  Cooks 3 hard boiled egg batches perfectly but if 6, they can turn out soft (gooey inside) unless left in the steam after the timer goes off but left too long and they overcook (edges of yolks turn green).  Also I wish the alarm would turn off after a period of time if I can't get to it immediately.
 I can't give you a comparison to other machines as we had been steaming eggs previously, but I can say this was a great and cost-effective upgrade that requires a ton less handholding. It does what you need it to and does it well. The one thing I would warn is that the end alarm that lets you know when the eggs are finished is one of the most unsettling noises I've ever heard. We're used to Zojirushi's sweet little symphonies on most of our appliances and this is... the exact opposite. It's almost as loud as our security alarm and while it's great to get you aware that your eggs are ready to roll, it's also a great way to scare the heck out of your girlfriend when she doesn't know you decided to make eggs.
 Perfect eggs! I was hesitant to get this since I didn't want another appliance on the counter but it is small and straight forward. The buzzer is pretty loud though. I mean I am pretty sure you could be in the shower on the other side of the house with a radio blaring and hear the buzzer. It would be great for traveling but I am nervous to use in a hotel with the alarm going off.
 Never fail egg cooker.  This is the fifth one I have purchased.  Makes for a great surprise gift.  Cooks eggs to perfection every time.  No mess, no burned eggs, no melted pots forgotten on the stove.  We did find that it is best to use distilled water to avoid mineral buildup..but not necessary. Just makes cleaning easier.  Trying to think what other family members would like one for Christmas.  Bottom line, great price, great product and excellent service.
 I love this thing! The only draw back is the sound of the buzzer. It upset my cats the first time. I thought I had set off my house alarm until I realized it was the egg cooker.  i have made poached eggs and hard boiled eggs.  The poached eggs need a bit more water (which translates to time) than the line on the included measuring cup.  Very easy to clean. The poached eggs slid right of the tray. I used PAM cooking spray before making the eggs. I'm very happy with this purchase.
 Perfect for hassle-free hard boiled eggs. It takes the worry out of timing the eggs.which means I can multi-task and forget them until this very loud buzzer calls me back to the cooker.  I wish the directions were just a bit better for cooking the poached eggs.  You have to put the poached egg tray ON TOP of the hard boiled egg tray.  That was not clear in the written directions but was in the picture.  The hard boiled eggs and poached eggs were done to my taste.  This worked well for me
 The best. Compact and takes up little space. Great for a campers and dorm rooms. Just plug in and you have an omelette. The buzzer is great. Nice and loud and stays on until you unplug. Only one suggestion, wish it had an automatic turn off. Buying another one for my friends BD gift. She has a camper. I’ll know she’ll love it.
 Great Egg cooker.  Compact in size and cooks eggs quickly. Comes in different color options as well to match your kitchen.<br/><br/>Positive:<br/>- Easy to use<br/>- Fast cooked hard "steamed" eggs to your preference<br/>- Compact size<br/><br/>Neutral:<br/>- A little difficult to clean the bottom side of the boiling plate since there's a lot of grooves.<br/>- The buzzer when it is done cooking is a little jolting.<br/><br/>Negative:<br/>None
 So far does great with hard boiled eggs.  Mine did not come with measuring cup with pin to pock eggs.
 Bought it for my wife. She really loves it and uses it every Sunday to get hard boiled eggs ready for the week. She loves this so much more than doing hard boiled eggs the "old way" and this little contraption automates a task so it is very worth the money. Would buy again.
 I didn't believe it could be as easy as the reviews said it could be.  But it is.<br/><br/>The instructions were easy to follow.  My only issues I've had are an occasional cracked egg from poking the hole pre-steaming and trying to get the timing right on medium and soft-boiled eggs (my first attempt at medium produced soft).<br/><br/>This is FAR easier than boiling them, and 3 of my friends have already bought them based on my love for it.<br/><br/>If you like any type of boiled eggs...get it!
 I like the idea, doesn't save me any time or improve the taste though. It needs to sit level otherwise the metal heater will burn. My countertops are not level so the higher side burned because it ran out of water yet the lower side still had water.
 This egg cooker is really fast! You get a bit nervous when you pierce the egg, but with a bit of patience it can be done without cracking the egg. It is just a matter of calmly getting the hang of it. It really does cook the egg very quickly. The buzzer is similar to a fire alarm. It is slightly alarming, but it isn't as terrible as described in other reviews. There's no mess, and not a lot of cleaning that needs to be done. It doesn't take up space. It is efficient when you are in a hurry. It really is great! I really enjoy it and I recommend it 100%!
 Someone purchased this for us as a housewarming gift.  This is literally the best thing anyone has ever bought us.  It works exactly as well as it says, and has changed my life when it comes to making boiled eggs.  HIGHLY Recommended.  No more flakey boiled eggs.  No more undercooked, or overcooked.  Perfectly cooked, easily peeled eggs EVERY time.
 Soooo worth it. Even if you boil eggs one holiday a year, it’s so worth it. I love hard boiled eggs but rately make them because it’s such a hassle. Not anymore. It’s so simple to do and so dang quick. I honestly didn’t expect it to work this well! If you are on the fence cause you’re not sure if it works. Buy it cause It does!
 This was one of the best purchases I have done in a while. Not only does this hardboil eggs, it medium and soft boils, poaches perfectly, and makes little omelettes. It also can steam vegetables! I discovered that I love medium boiled eggs, which I could never get right when just boiling in water - even with a timer it was tricky. This little machine is incredibly handy - I prep the eggs and set them to cook while I get ready in the morning, and by the time I am ready to leave the house, the eggs are ready to go. It also takes up a small amount of counter space - my apartment does not have a lot of counter space, so this device's small footprint makes it easy to store and to use. I highly recommend the Dash!
 I'm disappointed in the instructions because they say that this product supposedly "will turn off automatically when the water has fully evaporated from the heating plate and the buzzer sounds".  Well, it doesn't!  My first time using it, I put in the eggs and enough water to hard boil them.  Then I went to take a shower, knowing that I had 16 minutes before they would be done AND that it was going to turn off on it's own anyways.  I came out a max of 20 minutes later and the buzzer was on and it smelled like something was burning, so I went to turn it off and unplug it right away.  Now there is a huge burn on the heat plate.
 I was happy with this in the very beginning as well as my wife. Over time though, the center started to come out softer and softer and it never made a very good omelet (always runny). The first poached eggs I made was good but everyone after that was runny, barely formed and soft.
 I absolutely love this product! I hate peeling eggs I hate it take so long and this product makes it quick and easy and even the shells come off really super fast. I have recommended this product to my friends and family because I love it so much
 Great egg cooker.  We only use the function for hard-boiling eggs, so I cannot speak for the accessories for poaching and omelettes.  There are several features that I think are great.  For example, the egg cooker lid has a slide-lock.  It fits 6 eggs, which is a step-up from most small egg cookers.  The design is simple and it is simple to use and clean.  My only grievance is regarding the beeping.  Some egg cookers, when it is done, have a delightful beep.  This one sounds like your fire alarm.
 For some reason this egg cooker is harder to judge than the red one I bought earlier.  I have to add extra water to get what level of doneness I want.  Unfortunately, I haven't mastered the correct amount yet.  The eggs are either under done or over done, never just right.  My red one is much better.  Could it be the color?
 We bought this for my 8 yr old son who loves eggs.  He read through the instructions and can make his own eggs with supervision.  So far we’ve tried every egg that can be cooked in it.  It’s easy and fast and clean up is simple.  The only thing that would be a negative is how loud the alarm is when the eggs are done. It still surprises us.
 I thought it was a little ridiculous to buy this when I could just boil water in a pot. However, I always struggle with peeling eggs no matter how many tips and tricks I try (vinegar.. baking soda... hot water cold water.. etc). So I saw other reviews and thought I would give this a try. Not only did the eggs cook to a perfect medium but they were seriously a breeze to peel. The shells slid right off!! Would 100% recommend
 GREAT!!  I love boiled eggs but it is difficult for me to handle a pan of hot water.  I can now have eggs without the pan of hot water to move off the range.  Since I live alone, six eggs cooked at a time is wonderful for me.  I have not tried cooking veggies in it but it should be good.  I think it might be a little small for a family to use for veggies but it should be about right for one or maybe two servings.  It does not take up much room on my counter top and that is where it will stay.
 Cooks everything just fine, but the button is either broken or never worked to begin with. As soon as it's plugged in, it lights up and starts cooking. And when the timer goes off, pushing the button does nothing, I just have to unplug it to stop it.<br/>Also, the buzzer sound is way over the top, it's as loud as a smoke detector.
 I was not sure about this egg cooker and had to try it. I'm happy I did! This is great for hard and soft boiled eggs! It also does an ok job at cooking dip eggs and omelets, but I prefer to do those in a cast iron skillet.
 It's pretty small and doesn't take up much counter space.  Actually quite cute.  It does make hard-boiled eggs pretty fast.  I didn't think it was any easier to peel than the normal boiling over a stove.  The only thing I didn't like was when done, the timer is really loud.
 This device makes it easier for me to include hard boiled eggs into my day! However, I’ve only used it with jumbo eggs, so far. I need to add more water than recommended to get them to cook all the way through.<br/>I like that the dome it clear with a knob on top for easy removal. As a single person, I’m enjoying this product.
 I love this egg cooker, it makes perfect hard boiled eggs with ease and it's easy to clean! I know some people hate the sound it makes when it's finished cooking but in my opinion it's really not that bad (you just push the button to turn it off). I like having an audible alarm so I don't forget to turn it off and put the eggs in an ice water bath for easy peeling.
 This thing is great! I used to try to boil eggs while getting ready in the morning, and I would burn them frequently. A friend suggested this to me, and I have to say it is the best $17 I have spent in a very long time. I only use it for boiled eggs, but it works great every single time. It has a really loud buzzing sound at the end that you can't miss when it is finished. It freaks my dog out every time, but it's hilarious!!
 I held my breath hoping for the same kind of results that many here have posted...all Ii will say to anyone who is undecided, buy it,  you will NOT be disappointed.  i love my hard/soft boiled eggs...no more messing around with boiling the water and setting an egg timer and then a ice bath...and hoping the shells will peal easily....all in the past<br/><br/>1. ease of operation<br/>2. fast less than 10 minutes<br/>3. easy pealing<br/>4. no mess<br/>wow is all i can say
 Not only is it cute but it makes perfect boiled eggs that peel perfectly.  I used fresh eggs and the yolks came out perfectly yellow with no green tinge.  Even with fresh eggs, the shell came off easily and quickly.  Can now guarantee to always have pretty eggs for entertaining.
 Wonder pot!! Holy cow this thing is the most underrated product. Perfect for anyone anytime. I followed the instructions for hard boiled eggs to a T. First time came out a little undercooked for my taste so I added 3 extra minutes (I made 3 eggs) and they came out perfectly!! I found the reviews that included pictures super helpful so thank you to everyone who did that!<br/>If you are debating on buying this....don’t hesitate!!!!
 By far my favorite appliance! Simple to use. Delivers perfectly cooked eggs to everyone's taste, English version or hardboiled. Can't wait to try the poached egg feature for Eggs Benedict. Takes the guess work out of the timing and cooling process you have with the pot method. Easy clean up, small for storage. Takes less space than a pot. Such a time saver.<br/>Plus fun colors available. Like it!!!
 It really does work as advertised. I cook a lot of eggs, and it used to be a chore, and then there was the hassle of peeling them. This cooks them, perfectly - no green sulphurous yolks. And they peel like a dream. No kidding. The peels almost fall off. I thought other reviews were maybe a little exaggerated, but they're not! I LOVE THIS LITTLE APPLIANCE.
 This little thing, is my new favorite kitchen gadget! I have LOVED hard boiled eggs since i was a kid, and when i found this, I thought "why not? it's cheap, and can be returned if it really doesn't work". You literally put the water in, pierce the eggs, turn it on, and wait for it to screech at you. THAT'S IT! And the eggs are SO easy to peel. I haven't tried to make anything other than hard boiled eggs in this yet, but even if hard boiled is the only thing it really works for, it's still worth every penny for me.
 I love this thing! It cooks eggs perfectly, once you get the proper water amounts down. The device calls for medium eggs, but I usually buy large or extra large. What I have found, through experimenting, is that you can make perfect large or extra large hard boiled eggs by running them through 1.5 to 1.75 cycles. What I mean by that is to let the eggs go through the hard boil cycle once. Then, depending on the size of the eggs, refill the little cup to the halfway mark, or three quarters mark, and then let them go again. Works perfect every time!
 I felt ridiculous for wanting this. Yet I am kitchen gadget obsessed. It literally is amazing. I didn’t know you could poach or cook omelets with it. I thought it was just for hard boiling them, so that was a nice surprise. I love this and it is so easy to use.
 I use this every morning to boil eggs. It's fast and easy. It's super cute and matches all my kitchen decor.<br/><br/>The buzzer sound when the eggs are done cooking is super loud and pretty terrifying this first few times you use it. My dogs thought it was a fire alarm and started barking freaking out at it, LOL.
 Cooks like it should but I actually can't use it for breakfast like I bought it for because the alarm is so loud and shrill. I live in a duplex and the neighbors questioned what the alarm was for. When something reads auto shutoff I assumed it would shut off by itself. Considering a return but may try to make it quieter first. Definitely not for anyone living in a not sound proof multi family home. Yikes.
 I just ordered a second one for my daughter. The Dash Rapid Egg Cooker is all that it says it is. We almost exclusively use it to hard boil eggs. It is so easy, and you have perfect eggs each time. Remember to prick the hole in the ends of the eggs. Easiest to do this while they are in the carton. After the buzzer goes off, we let the eggs sit in the cooker for 5 minutes, then immediately submerge them in ice water. Presto-perfect hard boiled eggs every time, and easy to peel!
 I am so happy with this! I no longer have to boil water and hope my hard boiled eggs don't over cook or under cook!!!! this is super super easy!!! if you love eggs buy this!!! It will save you time! the machine makes an alarm sounding whistle/sound when your eggs are ready! its hard to miss it!! no matter where you are in the house you will hear it!!! i am super happy with it and will probably gift it around lol
 Pros:<br/><br/>* Product very neatly presented, with a well-designed instruction booklet a few helpful paper insertions<br/><br/>* Very full-featured for the size and cost, able to cook eggs several different ways with included accessories<br/><br/>* Beeps bloody murder (that's to say, very loudly) when done, so you'll definitely know when they're cooked<br/><br/>Cons:<br/><br/>* I'm struggling to think of any!  Just make sure to not place the machine under wood cabinets or the steam may discolor the wood over time.
 I tell everyone I know to buy this! It has made out crazy mornings so much easier. My 9 year old daughter is learning independence by making her own breakfast. The eggs are perfectly hardbroiled as well. Great product!
 How did I ever live without this little gadget?  This is awesome.  Poke the eggs with the provided pin, place them in the cooker, dump in the measured water and push the button.  The buzzer went off and the eggs were perfect hard boiled eggs and easy to peel.  Everyone needs one of these!  (Yes, I could hear the buzzer.  Some reviews said they couldn't.  It's pretty dang loud, would be hard to miss.  Machine shuts off when done anyway so it wouldn't be a problem.)
 This egg cooker will change your life if you make hard boiled eggs often. I use it weekly and they come out just perfect and easy to peel. The only thing I don't like is the sound of the buzzer when they are done. It's not pleasant at all!
 This was way more of a pain in the butt than I thought it was going to be. I thought I found a great way to get my boyfriend to make hard boiled eggs for himself but the process to use this was more complicated than we thought. I gave this away and went back to making them the old fashioned way. The product itself was fine, but not our cup of tea.
 If you regularly make hard boiled eggs this is a must for you.  Perfect cooked eggs - hard boiled eggs are super easy to peel.  The shells basically fall off.  We poached eggs once or twice and they were great too.  We primarily eat hard boiled eggs so that is our main use for the product.  I made two dozen deviled eggs in a third of the time it normally takes.
 My headline says it all, handle broke immediately and in order to use you must hold on/off switch at all times.  A piece of junk, very disappointed.  Headed to a landfill near you.
 Have only used for hard boiled eggs so far, that is what I wanted it for... I was always leaving the eggs on the stove and not remembering them til the next morning. This will resolve that problem! Cooks super fast and the alarm when its done will NOT be missed. It's loud. I make 6 eggs every week in it and have yet to had one that peel badly!!
 I decided to buy one of these so I'd be able to cook eggs in the comfort of my bedroom and office.  I had it plugged into an outlet with no problems for a few weeks, but then one day I smelled burning plastic.  Unsure of where it was coming from, I ignored it for a bit.  I hadn't used my egg cooker in a few days, but it was still plugged in.  As it turns out, when this device is plugged in (and NOT on), it's sucking power from your outlet, so much so that it will MELT the plug and destroy your outlet.  I found the plug melted into my outlet, and when I removed it a large spark followed.  I'm lucky my house didn't burn down.  There is no safety feature in place for this product and it is never truly 'off' unless it's unplugged.  I wouldn't recommend unless you wish to purposefully burn your house down and make it look like an accident.  Great item for insurance fraud.  Horrible item for anyone that doesn't want a burned down house.
 Three stars because it makes great eggs. I can't complain about that. The eggs are 5 star.<br/><br/>BUT! For some reason the cook cycle alarm sounds like the old TV emergency alert broadcast sound, only louder. Extremely loud, extremely annoying. It will wake your kids and spouse, it will scare your pets.<br/><br/>If not for the alarm, I would use this device multiple times per week. Because of the alarm, the device is largely unusable.
 works incredibly well! saves time and energy.  Everyday we make hard boiled eggs as snacks or breakfast on the go ..this saves me sooo much time and energy its amazing.  I would recommend making all your eggs even "hard boiled" on the medium setting (water)- the hard boiled water setting gave me green rings on the eggs every time.<br/>and...<br/><br/>holy crap that buzzard. you will NEVER ever burn your house down with this appliance.  That buzzard is enough to wake up the dead.
 Before you can cook an egg, you need to pierce it.  Unfortunately my unit was missing the piercer.
 I can sum this up very easily - if you are thinking about purchasing an egg cooker, buy this one.  I purchased it with no huge expectations, and since the price was so low I wasn't all that concerned if it wasn't 'great'.  It has far exceeded my expectations.  I've had this for several months, have literally cooked eggs in it every day (with a rare exception here and there), and this thing is a diehard!  Everyone is different - but for me, having to boil water to hard boil eggs, or use a frying pan to cook them is kind of a pain (hate the clean up part).  This machine does a great job and requires about 10 seconds to clean.  Would highly recommend.
 I love soft boiled eggs, but have rarely had them because it's such a pain trying to get them perfect. Not any more! I've probably had more soft boiled eggs in the past month since I've had this thing than I've had in the past ten years! They  turn out perfect just about every time - you just need to run them under cold water as soon as they're done so they don't continue to cook. Hard boiled eggs come out great in this thing too. I tried poached eggs in this once, and they didn't turn out too good - a bit under-cooked. Probably just need to experiment.
 Just bought this after reading all of the terrific reviews...and it rocks!!  I am so pleased I purchased this.  It is certainly not necessary as I can boil water and do it on the stove but using the egg cooker is a foolproof method.  The eggs come out perfectly hard boiled and are a complete cinch to peel. Highly recommend!
 If you like hard boiled eggs, you need this in your life.  When I get up in the morning, I throw some eggs in there, add the preferred amount of water, turn it on and go get ready.  Within 10 minutes it beeps and I shut it off and as I'm running out the door, I have PERFECTLY cooked boiled eggs for breakfast.  No tending a boiling pot.  I haven't used the omelet or poaching options but for boiled eggs alone, it is totally worth the $10 I paid.
 Amazing product. Eggs cooked perfectly every single time! My only critic is that the beeping sound at the end is the most horrible, apocalyptic beeping sound I've ever heard. For a split second, you think that you're hearing a fire alarm, only to realize that your eggs are done. This sound definitely needs to be improved. But still, for the price, amazing product!
 I don’t think I’ve ever had a more perfect hard boiled egg. It’s fast and really easy to do. Fill water to correct line, pour into bottom, add eggs after sticking them and press the button. Set when you wake up and it’ll be done by the time your dressed.
 I LOVE this small, compact, easy to use cooker. I've made soft boiled, hard boiled and omelets and they have all be perfect. Wonderful little device.<br/>I like the notification that the eggs are finished cooking. When it sounds, just press the power button again.
 First time I tried cooking with it I followed the directions to the letter and filled up the water on the cup to “hard boiled” and the eggs came out soft... probably have to experiment and find out exactly how much water and write it in with a sharpie.. waste of eggs initially.. I am disappointed that they couldn’t figure out the water level before sending it out
 There is only one reason why I didn't get give this product 5 stars.  I love this thing.  It's fast, the eggs come out nice and hard-boiled and the color is perfect.  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that of the sound this thing makes when it's done.  It sounds like there is some kind of emergency going on.  It really rattles your bones.
 I use this every week to hard boil my eggs. It's much more convenient than boiling them them in a pot of water which is what I used to do. Only complaint is that even though I follow the instructions and poke a hole in the shell, a lot of the time the shell still cracks as it cooks. Maybe I'm doing it wrong?
 It just doesn’t work. I’ve used three times and all times the eggs were over cooked in some places and raw in others. So disappointed.
 I love this egg cooker so much I have ordered several for my friends!!! I received my first one from a friend for Christmas. I have so many "gadgets" which I never use but this one is small, does not take much room, easy to use and to clean. It takes no time to make 7 eggs at a time and the eggs peel SO EASY.  It took me 77 years to find this egg cooker. I had been frustrated over the years boiling many eggs and swearing as I tried to peel them.
 Used it 2 times and already had hard water deposit on heater. That is ok. Works great. The poached eggs was not a great success for me. The eggs run out of container. I would suggest after buzzer goes off to add a couple of minutes for hard boiled eggs or scrambled. My husband loves it for easy eggs in the morning. Just wish that you could add more minutes to timer. Timer is a set program.
 I love this egg cooker!  I've had it about 2 weeks and have used it about 10 times.  I use it mostly to hard boil eggs to cut up in salads and also to make egg salad.  I tried the soft boiled eggs but found it needs less water than it calls for so the yolk is nice and runny.<br/><br/>The "rust" on the bottom is easily cleaned after each use.
 I LOVE this tool! Breakfast and snacks are so much easier. My house doesn't stink from the smell of hard boiling eggs and they are cooked perfectly every time with no gray ring. This may be my new favorite kitchen tool!
 So of course I could just boil eggs, but why? Super useful, worked as it should. Cute colors, and it is truly really small - don't need much room for storage. Would purchase again.
 I've only used this a few times so far, but each time it's cooked eggs perfectly, and easy to peel. This is great for a quick breakfast on morning break at work. My only complaint is that the plastic parts have lots of little crevices that are hard to clean, but it's not a big deal.
 Works great just a bit too loud on the buzzer... unsuspecting co-workers freaked out every time!!! It was actually funny to see... but I had to pretend I was sensitive about their adrenaline spike other wise the egg cooker could get banned from the office!!! And I love my warm morning eggs!!!
 I originally hesitated in buying this because I know I can easily cook eggs on the stove myself. But this was one of the BEST purchases I've made!! I use it every morning! It really speeds up the time it takes to cook, and it's so easy to use. The eggs come out perfectly, much better than when I used to make them before! (Note: I usually make hard boiled eggs in this cooker and they come brilliantly; no shell pieces sticking or anything. I've also done poached eggs and soft boiled which both came out just as well!)<br/><br/>It's a cute design and works very well. I highly recommend it!!
 As soon as I brought this egg cooker in the door from the delivery van, I immediately opened it up, read the very easy to understand directions, and cooked 3 perfectly hard boiled eggs that peeled very easily.  I can't wait to try poached eggs in it for breakfast tomorrow.
 It works better than I expected. Peeling the shells is easier than when I just boiled eggs in water for some reason. And they come out perfect every time.
 May to Sep product works, but the light stopped working. It's bad if you aren't safe. But if you have smarts you unplug appliances. I only used about 3 times a month to hard boiled 24 eggs at a time.  Easy to use.<br/>Searched web for light issue. No info at this time Sep 2018.
 Bought for my grandmother because she eats hard boiled eggs every day for breakfast. She loves that it’s quick and easy to use plus it does not take up a lot of space. No more spending her mornings over a burner waiting for the water to boil for hard boiled eggs.
 What can I say. Hard Boiled eggs are wonderful but a pain to make.<br/>It may be simple but its not fun. The dash is simpler and much more fun.<br/>Just get one and you will see. I am a bachelor who survives on salads and eggs for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.<br/>It helps with weight control and protein and all that......<br/>Dash is worth every penny and then some.
 It was a reasonable investment but between having to puncture the eggs with a proprietary pin and listening for the timer, I found there was better, easier ways to boil the eggs. Gave it to my daughter to doesn't use it either.
 Love this item. I bought an earlier version for myself and liked it so much I got another one a year or so later as a gift. Alas, for some reason manufacturer added an incredibly loud and annoying and unnecessary alarm. Please remove it!! Or make  it optional
 LOVE THIS! So I am in an efficiency apartment that is so small! There is no stove top which means I cannot make boiled eggs! I absolutely love this little gadget! It doesn't take up much space, it is SO easy to use, and it makes a perfect egg each time! I have had it for a couple weeks now and use it so much! I will warn you when the eggs are done cooking there is a slightly alarming sound. I honestly do not mind it, but I could see some people getting annoyed or afraid of it. My advice is to look up a video of the sound to see if it bothered me. Overall, great product. I am very picky with reviews so I searched this one and all the negative comments or things people didn't like I don't see or it does not  bug me.
 I am only giving it 3 stars because it lasted less than a year.  I don't think I used it THAT much, for it to croak so quickly.<br/>Anyway, I only used mine for hard boiled eggs.  For that, it was awesome.  Perfect eggs every time.  Easy to peel.  LOVE that it hads a buzzer to let me know when the eggs were done.
 Boiling an egg doesn't seem like a lot of work ... but I never did it.  Now, I make hard boiled eggs all the time!  It's even easy to clean (I spray water and white vinegar and just wipe it up). The alarm is quite loud, but it's nice knowing I'll hear it if I step out of the kitchen.  The directions were helpful, and the water measuring tool is very useful (although, I don't poke holes in the eggs before putting them in and they seem to cook fine). I like my eggs really hard boiled, so I leave them in an extra 2-3 minutes after the alarm blares.
 This works great and I would use this a lot more if the alarm that goes off when cooking is done didn't sound like a WW2 air raid siren. Holy cow, it is easily the WORST buzzer I've ever heard. My dog is terrified of it, and to be honest so am I.
 All the good reviews are true! I LOVE THIS COOKER! Two tips: When you prick the bottom of the egg, make sure you go all the way in; level the unit so the water is even in the base. It took 2 quarters under 2 legs to level on my counter top. Seems to work better.<br/>Oh yes, make sure you put the pricked bottom UP!<br/>I put a large SS bowl full of water in the freezer a few minutes before I start the cooker..lift out the tray..immerse in the cold bowl...peel under running water...perfect!!
 I loved the way this is so compact and could easily hardboil 6 eggs. The timer went off two minutes early the first time I used it and I found that the eggs needed a little more time for the center to be cooked all the way through. It’s supposed to beep when all the water evaporated and shut off by itself. I’d recommend leaving the eggs inside a couple more minutes to continue the cooking.
 I've never had any kitchen item I've liked as well as this egg cooker. Peeling eggs is so easy I still find it hard to believe. I expect each time to have trouble with at least one or two eggs but that's not the case. This cooker works so well I bought one for my parents. Absolutely nothing negative about it.
 I have used it only once but am really impressed. It is hit or miss when you boil eggs in a pan of boiling water. The shells came off perfectly. Time will tell but if this holds up, it will be one of the best appliances I have in the kitchen. I sent one to my daughter and another one to a friend of mine. I am sure they will like it
 It's a bit of an extravagance since you can boil eggs on the stovetop, but this little guy makes it quicker and easier and the results are just what you want (once you figure out how much water translates to how hard boiled you like your eggs.) The best part is that the eggs shell very easily when you're done.  It's tiny for a kitchen appliance and should be easy to find a storage spot for between use.
 We have used this about 5 times and the eggs come out perfect every time. Extremely easy to assemble, clean, and put away after use. I prefer the transparent shell so you can watch the eggs cook. My kids like that. Descent price for creating healthy protein snacks. Must have for any egg lover.
 Not only does it do what its supposed to do, it looks cute.  It looks like a miniature alien craft sitting on the counter top. What else is cute is the chime that tells when it is done cooking.  Buy it, you'll love it, I do.
 Where has this been all my life?  I LOVE it!  I do not prick the eggs, just pour the water in and press the button.  I let the eggs sit and cool off for a few minutes then stick in the frig.  I now always have hard boiled eggs on hand and make deviled eggs all the time which we love and always used to seem like a lot of work....not any more!  The eggs always seem to peel just fine.  Every once in awhile the shell will crack, but I'm ok with that.  It doesn't mess up the egg.
 During one of my moves, I lost the older Egg cooker. So I went online and ordered this Dash egg cooker. I am surprised by how small it is, which is a plus as it does not take up much space. I like medium cooked eggs and followed the instructions on the amount of water to fill it to- The eggs came out perfect. It was inexpensive and very much worth the price. What a great little gadget!<br/>It is an all in one unit, I noticed there are several other recipes in which to use it besides eggs,  I will try them out.<br/>I will look to see what other products Dash makes.<br/>I just recently purchased this a Christmas gift, that's how much I would recommend it.
 I would like to clear up some misconceptions. As of Jan 2016 the buzzer is neither too loud nor too soft. And there is an automatic shut-off (of the egg cooker, not the buzzer). I never unplug mine and have no problems with getting burned by steam I have stopped puncturing the eggs, saves time, and I see no difference in the outcome. Cleaning the heating surface is a bother (I must be something that seeps through pores of the egg shells), but a breeze with vinegar water and a paper towel. I haven't used the poaching trays, but boiling with different numbers of eggs to different degrees of hardness works like a charm every time.
 I'm not generally one for gadgets. But we're fussy about our eggs, and no one in the family can boil an egg besides me. Until we bought this little beauty. It's easy to get exactly what you like, in a speedy and simple way. We bought one for the office, too!
 I love this! I’ve been trying to incorporate more eggs in my diet but hate the time and cleanup involved. This little device solves both of those problems! It cooks the eggs perfectly in no time at all and the cleanup is quick and minimal. I love that it’s compact too. I don’t have much counter space but I don’t mind leaving this out all the time because it doesn’t take up much space. Only complaint is that the buzzer is very loud and obnoxious - scared me the first time I used it! Definitely would recommend to anyone who loves eggs!
 Purchased it to make egg-white omelettes. First attempt - 3 egg whites + some onion. Followed instructions as provided. Buzzer sounded (crazy loud!). Opened lid. Gooey white liquid, no omelette. Second attempt - 2 egg whites + some onion. A little better than before. Fairly done, but still runny and watery.<br/>No thanks! I will stick to doing this on my own! Return started!
 I bought this for the bf since we acquired some chickens. I had one already and loved mine (not this brand). This one is so versatile!  He’s poaching eggs, making omelets, hard broiling etc.  he’s like an egg fanatic now with this.
 I LOVE this item, this has changed our world of egg cooking for sure! We can quickly hard boil 6 eggs with no mess! It works perfectly and we love it. The ONLY thing we do not enjoy is the annoying beep when it is done cooking, it is a loud and obnoxious and the only way to shut it off is unplugging it. For me this is a pretty minor thing because it does exactly what I want it to do otherwise!
 This thing is great! Sure you could boil or steam your eggs but this makes it so easy. It’s incredible how easy the eggs are to peel when using this and puncturing the hole at the bottom of the egg. Very affordable and I’ve used it several times without any issue. I’ve also steamed broccoli and other veggies in it. Overall I’m super happy I got this!
 I love it! It made perfect medium boiled eggs very easily on the first try and cleanup was super easy. The tone at the end was a bit startling and is continuous, but if you leave the eggs in the steam, then they will continue cooking, so it provides motivation to do it right. The hot plate turns off when the alarm starts as the water runs out, so it won't burn anything at least.
 I bought this for my mother after the many times she had forgotten that she had eggs cooking on the stove and ended up with rocks instead of hard-cooked eggs.  Now, it's perfect eggs every time for her.  (She likes that the unit reminds her when the eggs are done, because she still forgets...)<br/><br/>Good product, great price.  And any product that makes my mother happy, makes me happy, also.
 Bought this for my elderly mom because she left her apartment while boiling eggs. Luckily she didn't burn down the whole condo building, but it sure was a stinky mess for a few days. This is a great safety feature for her! No more leaving the eggs boiling on the stove and walking out. She loves that she can now make eggs several different ways all conveniently with one device and no more over/under cooking. She highly recommends!
 Quick and easy way to a perfect egg. Easy to clean.  Measure water (cup included), pierce the end of egg with  needle at end of measuring cup, put the lid on and hit the go button. Three minuets later: perfect egg. No mess just wipe hot plate to stop mineral buildup from boiling water.
 This is a lot of fun, I bought it for my 14 year old so he could make eggs without having to worry about the boiling water or overcooking them. We've only used it twice, but so far so good. Putting the eggs directly into an ice bath makes them SUPER easy to peel, the shell basically falls right off.
 Surprisingly great. Does what it says and makes it really easy to cook eggs. My wife uses it all the time, almost every morning. It works.
 Excellent invention!!! Everything I try turns out perfectly! I bought 3. 2 for my oldest 2 sons, 1 in college and 1 on his own. Both LOVE eggs. We all use it daily and it makes “boiling” eggs, poaching eggs, steaming veggies, etc., ultra simple. This thing is also easy to clean and keep clean. Impressive!!!
 Super fast and super easy! If you like eggs, don’t hesitate to buy. Being able to make perfectly poached eggs makes it worthwhile. The hard to soft boiled eggs are great too! Super easy cleanup. For me, it’s been the best purchase of 2018.
 I purchased this product so that I could more easily prepare eggs in the morning as I get ready for the day. To that end, it does work well and cooks the eggs very nicely. However, be advised that the buzzer to let you know your eggs are done is louder than I would expect and is rather harsh and unpleasant. Considering that the buzzer doesn't stop until you turn off the cooker, it's a bit of a pain--especially since I like to leave the eggs in the cooker for a few extra minutes to ensure they are perfectly hard-boiled.
 This thing works great hard boiled eggs in no time the poach eggs I've been told her amazing that come out of it I don't eat poached eggs but other people in my family does is cooking utensil get used just about every day. Definite must
 I’m in love with this cooker.  I’m not a big cook so didn’t know about these. I kept burning pans as I’d often forget I was boiling eggs. This unit is so easy to use &amp; the buzzer lets you know when done. I do wish it would only buzz once but it keeps buzzing till you turn it off.
 Works like a champ. Makes wonderful eggs.  Water scale is accurate. Stay around as ALL of these egg cookers emit a sound reminiscent of a LOUD air horn for the "done" sound. But great cooker.  I purchased one locally and then this one. Definitely recommended.
 This thing is great super easy to use enough so that even my kid can use it. The only thing that I don't like is the crazy scream it lets out when it is done, and yes it's a scream it scared the holy heck out of me the first time I heard that!!
 I hard boil eggs every week for my meal prep.  How it took me this long to buy this thing, I have no clue.... I absolutely LOVE it!  It perfectly hard boiled 6 eggs within about 15 minutes.  Easy set-up and clean up.  If you regularly boil eggs, this is definitely worth it.  I haven't tried the poaching/omelette add-ons yet so I can't comment on those.
 This was one of those “why am I buying this?” type of purchases.  Until I used it.  I am pretty good at cooking hardboiled eggs,  but am lazy.  This thing was as easy as using a simple appliance like a toaster.  Eggs came out perfect,  easy to peel,  and yolks were sunshine yellow.<br/>  They also must have changed the “buzzer”, because mine was a cute little chime.  I thought the sound was on the tv.  It was also smaller than I thought (a plus for me),  and cute enough to leave out.  This little thing went from zero expectations to maybe my best kitchen purchase ever.
 Hard boiled eggs are perfect each time. We use it more than twice a week. Haven't tried the recipes yet or making an omelet, but no complaints. If you have hard water just follow the recommendations to keep it looking great.
 I keep this little guy at the office so I can make myself eggs whenever I like. Once you get the hang of how much water to put in for the number of eggs you have (took 4 tries for me), it makes them perfectly. No more chalky overcooked yolk! And super easy to use, too.
 Hard boiled eggs are a pain to make, especially if you only need a few. Fill the pot, boil the water, add the eggs, wait around a while, struggle with the pot full of hot water... NOPE! This thing is great, small enough to fit in the cupboards, which is nice because we use it a few times a week. Puncture, add a bit of water, plug in, press the button, come back in 15 minutes to retrieve eggs. Cleans up in about 2 minutes.
 Bought this on the advice of my sister because my kids think everything she cooks is the best thing they've ever tasted. She wasn't exaggerating. This egg cooker is awesome. We mostly make hard or soft boiled eggs with it and they come out perfectly every time. The only downside is that the buzzer will make you jump out of your skin, especially if you forget that you are cooking eggs.
 Just what I was hoping to get. Had never used one of these and hesitated ordering one but, this little gadget works great. So much easier than waiting for a sauce pan of water to heat up and merely ounces of water to get the same results. Roughly 14-15 minutes of cook time and the alarm sounds when ready. Shells peel off without any hassle.
 I love that it doesn't take much water to cook a lot of things. Steamed corn on the cob (2 halves) tonight for the first time using the poached egg amount of water. It was perfect and I didn't have to clean a pan for one person! Very quick to clean up. Hard boiled eggs have come out great, too. I like to take them to work..<br/>The heating unit and light shut off when the bottom is dry, but the buzzer keeps going for a while. I usually just unplug it.
 I bought this when it was on sale and I was half asleep on night. I expected I wasted my money, but I love hard-boiled eggs, and I probably use this thing more that my microwave now. Get some cheap "Magic Eraser" type pads to clean it now. You will need them pretty fast.
 I hardly ever write reviews but this product was a disappointment. Only item I've ever bought off Amazon where I thought the quality was off. First time use and the needle that is suppose to pierce the egg broke off and tell to the floor.  Granted it did a nice job cooking the eggs but the quality just isn't there.
 I dont know how I ever lived without this.<br/>Super easy to use and the eggs come out perfectly every time. When I boil eggs on the stove, I never can get it right no matter how long I cook them or let them sit after, etc. Using this I never had the shells come off so easy and the eggs are not overcooked or undercooked.<br/>Only downfall is it makes only six eggs at a time. I wish you could do up to a dozen.  But it's no big deal to do it twice, it only takes 15 minutes for hard boiled.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R1MHQETLQWL3XW"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81atGLL8nkS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81oQQoPyrKS.png"/> I bought this for my daughter. She's used it a few times and loves how her hard-boiled eggs come out. What she doesn't love is the loud buzzer alert to turn off the cooker. And the lack of an instruction manual, she had to go online to find one. One star reducted.
 Lovely little egg cooker! I have a paranoia that my eggs are not ever fully cooked, or that I don't hard boil them correctly. With this I am able to have them timed and done perfectly every time! :) There is no mess at all and very little water is used. I love it and could not be happier!
 Very easy to use, very consistent result. One flaw - it is not really rapid, takes about the same time as usual method. OK, may be 1 minute less (9 minutes instead of 10). But its just overeager marketing flaw, the cooker itself is very good.
 This works well and makes a perfect egg, but in the end I usually just end up putting them in a pot.  The end game is the same for both you have to halt cooking by placing in cold water, so by the time I get out the appliance, set it up find the little cup and try to remember all that I need to do, it is just easier to put them in a pot.
 Amazing egg cooker. I don’t know how we lived without this item. It takes about 12 minutes to make six eggs hard boiled. But it’s perfect because they is very little water used. And clean up is a breeze. No more pans on the stove or trying random Pinterest hacks. This is the best! Everyone should have one.
 This product makes eggs quickly and perfect ! I have a 12yr old that uses this weekly.  Cant go wrong. Plug it in, use the measuring cup for a little water, finished in min.  👍🏻
 This little egg cooker is just perfect for making hardboiled eggs! I use extra large eggs so I left mine in cooker for 2 minutes longer after buzzer went off and they came out perfect! The best part is they are so easy to peel, I just put under running water and shells basically fall off! No more struggling with hard to peel eggs!! Haven’t used the poacher or omelet maker yet so can’t comment on that. Love this cooker!
 Have never had a more on point hard boiled egg in my life. So fluffy. The shell cracked in half, it was the easiest thing to open and that's usually the worst part about making hard boiled eggs! Wish I hadnt waited so long to purchase this item. The bottom got a little scorched after the first use so I would add a bit more next time but it wiped off with a paper towel and were back in business. Can't wait to try the omelettes next! Very small machine which is nice barely takes up space.
 I adore this thing. It’s amazing, quick, and does exactly what it says it will. Perfect eggs every time. The only thing I cannot stand is the buzzer that goes off when it’s done. I am up early and I sit and wait for the eggs to be done so I can turn it off quickly so I don’t wake anyone up. It’s the same as if I was watching the eggs boil. Other than the buzzer it’s an awesome product and a great gift.
 Awesome little machine, eggs cook perfect and peel effortlessly.
 This little gadget! First time in my life that I have been able to get an absolutely perfect hard boiled egg.  And I’m 67 years old and have been trying for a while! Perfect peeling every time too with no effort. It’s small and fast with great results every time. I would pay at least twice the price.
 Works very well for hard boiled eggs. Haven't tried it yet for poached or other style. When using tap water it always leaves a brown smelly stain on the metal. Has to be wiped and cleaned after each use, sometimes need to use vinegar to clean the metal. I suppose distilled water would work better, but ... just beware of this issue of cleaning and nasty smell.
 This is smaller than it looks in picture, but it works like a giant. It's easy to clean I think I've think I never had boiled eggs done so easy and fast. This is made of a hard plastic and it's easy to use, it has a small tray for an omelet I think it's way to small but used it and it did it's job. Recomend this item.
 I have chickens and have never had any luck making a good hard boiled egg with their fresh eggs. My co-work suggested this product and I will admit I was skeptical but I am so happy that I bought this. My fresh eggs are cooked to perfection and they peel so easily. I have also used the omelet tray and it works very well.
 Used it many times, easy and fast and eggs come out perfect. I only use it for hard boiled eggs 4 at a time. I let the eggs sit after I turn the timer off so they cook more. The shells peel off like butter and the eggs are mega hot so give them some time. The timer is loud and could wake the dead but you need to turn it off.
 It’s a cool little kitchen gadget but does not cook well using the water measuring system. I’ve had to cook omelettes twice to get them done all the way. The boiled eggs come out perfect though and that is the main reason I bought this.
 My friend recommended this product and I was leery because it is one more thing that I have to find space for in my kitchen. But, it is SO worth the space! I hard boil eggs all the time now, healthy, fast and so simple. It is well worth the space, and packs neatly back into its little box.
 The only complaint is when you poach eggs there is water from the steam on the egg. I just dump mine out onto a paper towel. I also have to cook it twice to cook the egg whites thru. Otherwise, the "boiled egg feature is awesome.
 Love how convenient this little egg cooker is. The only negative review I have is that if you don't fill it completely with 6 eggs, the eggs do not cook well. Other than that, great appliance!
 When I first got this, I was so surprised by how tiny it was! It’s perfect if you don’t have a lot of counter space. I was tired of having to spend so much time and energy using and cleaning a large pot for my hard boiled eggs, this was the perfect solution! While I had initially been apprehensive about the buzzer due to previous reviews, I was pleasantly surprised to discover that instead of “screaming” as described, it actually played a little song when the eggs were done! I definitely recommend this product.
 I love this little thing! I always forget about my eggs when I boil them, so this us perfect because when they are done the buzzer sounds and doesn't stop until you unplug it!!!<br/>Cooks my eggs perfectly!
 Got this as a dirty Santa gift and my husband "stole" it from the person who got it because he thought it was cool.... it IS!  Uses it every morning for poached eggs and boiled eggs.  So many other things it can be used for too!  The only con is the buzzer that goes off when it's done is REALLY annoying!!
 Love this...I am on a diet and can make boiled eggs for the whole week so for breakfast I can grab and go! Not sure about easy peel though but then I am lousy at peeling eggs.  For some reason it is waaay smaller then I thought but that is perfect for easy storage I guess but regardless it definitely does the job.  I haven't tried making an omlette but really don't have the desire to with the small container that comes with it hince the 4 instead of 5 stars think it is a little misrepresented about omlette making and steaming veggies; not saying it can't be done but it will be a pretty small portion.  Clean up is easy.  Be sure to follow directions.  Took me a while to figure out to just push the button again to stop the alarm that you get when the eggs are done...may be just me but the directions were kind of vague.  All in all I have gotten my monies worth from it and you will too!  If they do one with more than 7 eggs I will be all over it since I'm always the one to volunteer to do deviled eggs for parties.  :) Looking for an egg peeler now.
 Just put the eggs, little water to steam, turn it on and let the dash go egg cooker do its cooking. As a result, perfect hardboiled eggs every time. I usually use this before I take a shower, or while watching tv and when I'm done, I have ready to eat eggs waiting for me. No mess, eggs are always easy to peel. I love it!
 This little device is a game changer for me. I love preparing deviled eggs, but was always disappointed after boiling and peeling that they looked like they'd been mutilated. This device makes my eggs perfect every single time and they look beautiful after removing the egg shell.<br/>Another bonus is that the alarm scares the bejesus out of my family.
 Works great so far for a simple little gadget! Easy to fill and clean.  Takes a little water, compared to a pan full, which is the best feature.  The high pitch alarm does go off when done and you have to play with it a bit to determine how long to keep eggs sitting and when to move them into a bowl of ice water.  I have only used it for hard boiled eggs so far.
 Great egg cooker.  Super easy to peel. I really don't like that incredibly loud buzzer!  Your initial thought is "smoke detector!!"  I have to hover around it to shut it off before waking others in the house.  An optional on/off button for that buzzer would garner a 5th star.  Or simply turn off when done, like previous model did.
 So fun and functional.  I even got the cheap red one because it must have been an undesirable color and it still works great!!  I would buy again for a gift item as well.  Super for our camper too.  Size is right.  Don't bother with the monster sized unit.  This cooks the eggs so slick and fast you will just be nearing done with peeling the first batch and the second will be done and waiting.
 I like the ease of use and not having to wait for a pot of water to boil. However, each time I have used this cooker, the heating plate is left with a brown burned spot that smells awful. I tried boiling with with and without poking the hole in the eggs to see if that would affect it but the plate still burned. It wipes off with a damp cloth but I worry it may get worse. The eggs boil very nicely but boil to different hardness even when using the same amount of water. I love the convenience of this product, but have a gut feeling it may not last me a year.
 I purchased this product to help me save some time with boiling eggs or making omelette since the morning or for food prep. It works wonders. I can boil eggs quickly and they peel easily. When I remove them from the egg cooker, I soak them in cold water in a separate bowl for a couple of minutes before peeling them. Be careful when taking them out as they are very hot!
 hard boiled eggs were perfect and ez to peel.  omelet was good,but make sure you get it out right away or it will be to dry..the finish noise it makes is a little loud but tolerable... good to have that loud noise if you are in another room..be sure to put finished hard boiled eggs in cold water when done.. great product.
 This little egg cooker is AMAZING!!!  One of the best purchases we've made in awhile.  Cooks a perfect hard boiled egg in no time.  Super easy to use, cute, &amp; small enough that doesn't take up any space.  Can also cook other types of eggs with this, altho haven't tried that yet, as we've only used for hard boiled eggs.  Highly recommend!!  Super happy with this purchase!
 I've only used it once, but I already love it.  Very easy to set up.  I had to read the instructions several times because there is no timer on the unit--finally understood that when the water is evaporated, the timer goes off, and THEN you leave the eggs in place for several more minutes to complete cooking if you want hard-cooked yolks.  I have been fixing deviled eggs and egg salad (not to mention  eggs for Easter coloring) for over 40 years; the ones I fixed today were hands-down the easiest to peel ever.  And bright yellow yolks!  So much better than the grey-green tinge that so often comes from hard-cooking on the stove.
 Pretty easy to use.<br/>I needed this to get protein (eggs) cause I'm working out and I'm hungry all the time.<br/>First you need to bore a hole on the bottom of the egg using the pin that's attached under the water measuring cup, then fill the measuring cup to your desired egg style (hard or soft boiled) and pour the water inside. That's it. I uploaded a picture for easy reference.
 My husband bought this and I was annoyed because I thought it was a gimmick. Well let me tell you this is a slick little product that makes perfect hard or soft boiled eggs every time, easy peasy. I've grown quite attached to it in spite of myself.
 I've used mine twice so far, filled the cup to "hard" both times and every egg turned out very well, a tiny bit soft in the center of the yolk but definitely easier and quicker than boiling eggs in a pot, so i'll take it. The only thing i don't like is that the "audible alert", as they describe it here, when the water has evaporated is super loud, like smoke detector alarm loud, and it definitely doesn't seem to stop automatically; at least i don't think it does, I tried to test it to make sure the buzzer and device would shut off automatically but couldn't bare the noise.
 This egg cooker is perfect for hard and soft boiled eggs. We make hard boiled eggs all the time now! I liked it so much I bought one for a friend and one for my niece.
 It does not get any easier than this. Very easy to clean, cooks very fast, and best, you do not have to sit over it.<br/><br/>Put the water in<br/>Put the eggs in (Spray tray with oil/butter if needed)<br/>Put the lid on<br/>Push the button<br/>Walk away and listen for the buzzer (Which is very loud and obnoxious so you will not forget it)
 I’m baffled by the positive reviews. Maybe it’s a quality control luck issue, but my eggs were over cooked on one side and grossly undercooked on the other... very runny. Not only that, the shriek of an alarms scared both me and the dog.
 Saw this in Alaska at a friends, thought it was awesome. Came back to California and purchased this. Once we got it, we tried it out over the next couple days. Hard boiled eggs work great, when cooking the poached cooker (double sided), it doesn't cook it properly according to the directions - add more water to cook longer and most time it is fine. The single omelet dish works really well.
 This works as expected.  Lots of folks moaning about the loud buzzer.  Not that loud..loud enough to hear from the next room, which is what you want since you have to immerse in cold water immediately...
 I gave this as a gift to my mom who could never make a hard boiled egg to save her life. This definitely worked, but the timer on it is very loud and very alarming! We all thought some smoke alarm was going off when she first used it!
 IT's so small and so very energy efficient. Safe for middle school kids to use; needs a little precaution for heated dome but otherwise it's awesome. Very small amount of water used and uniform cooking; perfect yolk in center all the time. Love it !!
 A pretty good egg cooker for my needs. Some eggs come out a little hard to peel, but MUCH better than boiling in water. (I think it's just because of the age of the eggs I use.) One annoying thing about the device: It will tell you it's done with a very loud, annoying, somewhat scary continuous beep--the kind of thing that will wake up the family and roommates.
 I've steamed poached eggs and vegetables in this and they turn out great. I also use it frequently to boil eggs and it has made my life a lot easier. Boiled eggs can be made soft as well as hard by varying the amount of time the egg is left to cook.<br/><br/>The only thing I dislike about this is the loud shrill voice it produces once the food is ready in the cooker. It's not much of a nuisance for now, but I'd certainly investigate ways to disable it if it annoys me a lot some day.
 I tried all the variations - poached, omelet and boiled eggs.  The best were the boiled eggs.  They come out perfect.  The poached were a bit too loose and I'm not sure how to increase the cooking time.  The omelet was fair.  I'd rather make my own in a skillet.  I will continue to use it for boiled eggs - just great.
 Omg, I am a gadget queen but this little beauty is AWESOME! Quick, easy 2 use &amp; the shells come off they were buttered! Oh they are tasty 2, not rubbery. Would give this baby a thousand stars!
 Liked most - makes boiling, poaching, frittata-ing fun and easy.<br/><br/>Liked least - the 1950s alien ship lazer beam alarm. It takes away from the care free part of this gadget as I hover over it towards the end of cooking to stop the noise as fast as humanly possible.
 Another product I really didn't "need" but glad I got it..  Used it several times to make hard boiled eggs.... less hassle and no real guesswork for time.  SO far, the eggs have come out perfectly.... will have to try an omelet next.
 This simple device is fantastic.  I bought 4 more for my kids and sister.  It's design is elequent, effective and simple.  Makes having soft to hard boiled eggs a snap. Hats off to the designer and fabricators.  Perfection in simplicity at a great price, for sure!
 Perfect size for me to make eggs for a few days, keeps in the frig just fine.......works as stated:-) I would not make an omelet in it, the tray/cooker is very small, maybe a one egg omelet with a tiny amount of peppers or something....
 Makes hard boiling super easy, eggs came out great. Omelets, not so much. They tasted too " spongy " and no flavor you get from pan frying in butter. Worked well but bland. I'm guessing the poaching tray would be about the same.
 I would give this 5 stars if it wasnt for the blood curdling, skid mark causing alarm that goes off when the eggs are done. It scares the living shh out of me every time. It does make a perfect hard boiled egg though. I may need to tear it apart to get rid of the alarm. I hate it. But I love the eggs. I think a nice chime or bell would have been sufficient.
 Wow this little creation is awesome!! We use it almost daily w/ my son starting football and a husband that works out, let’s just say they eat a lot of hard boiled eggs! This has made my life SO MUCH EASIER! It cooks the eggs perfectly. Best part is you can choose how you want your eggs poached, omelette, hard, medium or soft... I’ve done the soft hard boiled eggs and they’re the best for eating, if doing deviled eggs do the medium they are so moist and yummy!
 Fantastic little egg cooker.  Steam cooks eggs better than any other method.  I really believe that now.  Quick, uses less energy than on the stove, works every single time.  This might be my new favorite household gift for others!!!
 I love eggs and based on this reviews I bought this item.. HUGE mistake!<br/>I followed each and every step in cooking process and eggs stayed raw even after I repeated process 3 times!!<br/>Thing is that cooking plate where you pour water in is too small and water steams out too quick - eggs are not cooked and siren is already waking up whole neighbourhood! Also, there is water flowing all around the product - because steam! It's just bad bad bad bad.<br/>Idea behind it is great and it would work if product is builded in a way that actually works!
 Love this for hard boiled eggs. If you use 3 or 4 eggs for a large omelette, you will have to cook twice but it takes a little trial and error........ Overall this is a great egg cooker with some minor experimentation.
 My fiance and I use this every week. We love hard boiled eggs for our morning commutes. Would absolutely recommend.<br/><br/>We've been making our eggs over medium for some time now and LOVE them. They're always perfectly done! Can't believe I ever lived without this thing.
 This cute little device is a total game changer. I love boiled eggs and stumbled upon this machine and my head actually exploded...I can't believe I've lived this long without knowing about this product. I never really review products, but everyone needs this. I've actually told about everyone I know and I just received it last night. I've only used the medium and hard boiled settings so far, but they're so easy and effortless. No more timers, no more waiting for the hot water to boil. I'm a little skeptical about making scrambled eggs and omelets on it though. This item is a serious LIFE HACK.
 Used this three mo. now. Outstanding results, easy, simple, quick. Not cheap, but a high-quality bargain. It eliminates a lot of fussing in making softboiled, hardboiled or poached eggs. No waiting for water to boil in the pot. No stirring the eggs about in the pot to avoid uncooked places. No watching the stove.<br/>  You add a graduated amount of water with the little measuring beaker, more water for hardboiled, less for softboiled. It needs only a few tablespoons. The graduated water beaker is marked, but you will need to experiment to get the exact degree of soft or hard boiled effect you prefer. The egg cooker cooks with steam from the couple tablespoons of water, with the dome holding the steam. It does have a vent. The cooker continues until the bottom aluminum heating plate runs dry, then the cooker shuts off automatically. The eggs cook uniformly, although the eggs are not immersed in the little bit of water.<br/>  I got excellent results following the simple instructions. It will also cook a small omelet or poached eggs with a tray it has for the purpose.<br/>When the cooker shuts itself off, a fairly loud buzzer sounds and continues until you shut it off. The buzzer does not warn of danger, because. if you fail to remove the eggs at the buzzer, the cooker shuts off automatically,but the eggs naturally stay quite hot, and the dome holds heat and steam. So you remove the eggs promptly at the buzzer and immerse them in cold water for about 5 min. I use a bowl of water with some ice cubes in it. Then they peel easy.<br/>  One interesting benefit, is that when you boil eggs in water, they occasionally crack, and sometimes, the eggwhite squirts out of the top because your egg pricker punched through the membrane of the egg. If you use this egg cooker, eggs do not crack, and the ooze of egg white through a too-deep hole is the size of a pinhead. No lost eggwhite.<br/>  The cookers listed in Amazon seem about the same in appearance, quality and price. I bought this one because it has the Amazon recommendation. I am fully satisfied!
 This is one of those kitchen gadgets that doesn't immediately jump out at you &amp; say "I need that", but, after you try it, you will wonder why you haven't purchased one sooner!<br/><br/>I purchased the Dash Rapid Cooker in the beginning of August, &amp; LOVE IT.  I'll admit- I do not like to cook, &amp; I'm not at all good at it, so even when I tried to make hard boiled eggs on the stove top, they never seemed to come out right. :( Hard boiled eggs sound like something that should be easy to make- right?  Maybe they are, &amp; maybe I'm just "that bad" of a cook (lol), but to find a gadget to make your life easier is one of the main reasons you purchase any product.  This egg cooker will make your life easier.<br/><br/>It's a small, basic kitchen gadget. Not alot of buttons &amp; not hard to use. You can cook up to 6 eggs at a time. For hard boiled, be sure to follow the instructions (I recommend allowing them to sit for an extra minute after the alarm for well done hard boiled eggs) &amp; pierce the egg, place them pierced side up, cover, press button &amp; the buzzer will let you know when they're done.  Your neighbors will probably know your eggs are done too when the alarm sounds. My goodness, it scares me every time!  (Manufacturers- can you make the alarm a little less jolting? The alarm reminds me of those bad weather alerts that scare the hell out of you when they pop up while watching tv).  So the alarm is LOUD. Prepare yourselves.<br/><br/>I paid $18 when I bought it (excellent deal).  I highly recommend this if you like hard boiled eggs.  I haven't used it for any other type of eggs so I cannot comment on that, but it is wonderful for hard boiled. When I purchased it, I bought the black colored one. Now, it appears they're also offering it in fun colors. Yay!  Would make a great gift for your friends &amp; family too.  Happy Shopping!
 I know what you're thinking. Why would I pay money for something like this when it's so easy to just make hard boiled eggs on the stove? I get it, I really do. I thought the same thing which is why it took me so long to buy one. I actually didn't even buy it for the house, I bought it for work so that I could quit spending $2 for two hard boiled eggs at the deli when I forget to eat breakfast.<br/><br/>It arrived and the next morning I decided to try it... I was blown away! The eggs were perfect with bright yellow, fluffy centers. I know how to cook hard boiled eggs and I am good at it, but I have never had the yolks turn out this good before. And it was so easy... no waiting for the water to boil, no watching to make sure that I remove them from the heat immediately, and no need to cover the pot and set the timer.<br/><br/>But the best thing of all and the reason that I will never boil an egg again: they were sooooo easy to peel! Seriously, the egg shells just slipped right off. You might think this isn't a big deal, but as someone who has cooked a dozen eggs and been frustrated at being unable to get even two to peel cleanly enough to use the eggs as garnish for the top of a potato salad, let me tell you that I appreciate this!
 This little things is awesome! Haven’t made poached eggs but it makes hard boiled and small omlets perfectly. The hard boiled(steamed) are much, much easier to peel than traditional hard boiled eggs or even steaming them without poking holes, which I have tried a few times.<br/>The buzzer is loud...I don’t know why people are making a big deal about it. It buzzes, you push the button, it goes off.<br/>Calm down.
 I like its ease of use, simple to hard boil eggs. I dont loke that the when it's done a buzzer goes off until I come back and press a button. When it's done it should buzz for a second to let me know and then shut off.
 How can this get any less than 5 stars?!?<br/><br/>You fill up a plastic container of water to either "soft boiled", "medium boiled", or "hard boiled" and pour it in to the machine.<br/><br/>Poke one hole in each egg using the egg poker provided (under the water container).<br/><br/>Press a button and wait for a really loud noise.<br/><br/>Out come perfectly boiled eggs every single time.
 If I could give this product more stars I would! I LOVE this!!! You could not ask for a better kitchen helper. I add water add eggs and walk away, the buzzer goes off and eggs are perfectly cooked everyone! I’ve purchased 4 of these, one for myself and 3 as gifts. I’ve talked 3 co-workers into buying one and they love theirs too! My only problem is when I bought mine I accidentally threw the omelette maker and the poacher trays away.
 I've only used it to make hard boiled eggs and it works great. I never poked a hole in the eggs and it cooks them with no problem. Interested in the poaching so ill try that soon
 Undeniably one of the best kitchen lil gadgets I spent money on. Minimal clean up for the mineral deposits that build up over time and there's some trial and error for how hard or how soft one may really like  their eggs but once that's out of the way breakfasts are a breeze. I'm usually a grab and go person and this works perfect, get up in the AM, prep the egg, put in the the cooker, set the timer by the time I'm done getting ready in the morning the egg is done and I'm out the door.  Additionally there's no pots to clean up and no egg timers to fiddle, the only thing that would make this gadget even better was if it peeled the eggs for you!!!
 I'm absolutely in love with this egg cooker! So easy to make hard boiled eggs!! Haven't used it for anything else yet, but set it and forget it is so nice. The several dozen hard boiled eggs have all come out perfectly.
 I bought this to help my 10 year old son to make himself some healthy snacks after school. He whips up little egg soufflés as if it's nothing. It's a great alternative to crackers or cookies after school. I also use this to steam the kids up some egg breakfasts while I am getting dressed.<br/><br/>PRO: easy to use, works well.<br/>CON: only makes 1 kid breakfast at a time.
 Tray is made of plastic so I won't use it for cooking any other egg recipe other than cooking it in it's shell. I wish it had a built in timer but you gotta keep time yourself for the way you want the eggs cooked. Other than that it did make perfectly soft boiled eggs.
 my egg cooker is getting rust inside the area u place water, how to i contact to get the  1-year manufacturer warranty?  (also this is casing the eggs to more so less explode inside.  i dono what else would be causing this)
 I'm sorry I ever thought this was a silly buy. I took a chance because I liked the turn it on and walk away aspect of boiling eggs. It's small and compact and looks pretty darn cute on the counter. The eggs were super easy to peel. The easiest I've ever peeled actually. The ready beep is more like a strange call to aliens calling them back to the cute egg incubator rocket, but you certainly won't mistake it for another alarm. I'm adding this to my list of gift ideas.
 I bought this specifically for poached eggs. I add slightly more water than recommended and the whites still aren't cooked all the way at the bottom. It still beats making them in a pan so I deal with it. The yolk is perfectly runny.
 I love this thing! It does exactly what it’s supposed to, do much better than I ever could.<br/><br/>I’ve been trying to eat healthier, and eggs are like natures little cheap protein bars. The hard boiled eggs that this thing pumps out are so head-and-shoulders above what I was doing with a pot of boiling water it’s ridiculous.<br/><br/>It poached pretty well too, I end up putting a little extra water in though.
 I love this little thing!  Just poke a hole in the egg with the needle provided, add water and place the eggs in it.  Turn on, and it beeps when it's ready, which is not long.  The loud beep is a little annoying, but then you at least you hear it and turn it off!  The eggs cook perfectly every time.  And they are so easy to peel. I love hard boiled eggs, deviled eggs, and poached eggs.  This little egg cooker makes it all easy!
 I love this product. I actually think the eggs come out better in this, than boiling them. Its quicker, the shell comes off easier, NO GREEN YOLKS! The Eggs are more delicate than in regular boiled water.  If you eat a ton of eggs, get the 12 version.  Otherwise, the 6 is easy and you can pump out 7 at a time. I love how you can easily make different types of hard boiled! I LOVE THIS MACHINE!!!!
 My daughter pretty much only eats hard boiled eggs.  My brother recommended an egg cooker, which I thought would be a waste of money and storage. I was completely wrong.  I love this little thing.  It cooks 6 eggs at a time, and they come out perfect everytime.  You aren't saving a lot of time (just the time it takes water to boil really) but it is amazing how this is easier.  You put the eggs and water in and you can forget about it.  It dings when its done.
 I've seen egg cookers on the site for quite awhile now and was always hesitant to try one. I was worried they wouldn't cook the eggs completely. I am pleasantly surprised by this product! It's so much easier to boil eggs this way. You don't have to set a timer or watch the water when it's boiling. You just set it and go back to doing what you were before! The eggs consistently come out fully cooked to my preference, and delicious. It's also very easy to clean and store. I highly recommend!
 This is an amazing little appliance on my kitchen counter that I use everyday to have freshly boiled eggs for my son! Just not a fan of the alarm in the newer ones. Can't stop it until I unplug.
 A client who buys my farm fresh eggs from me swore by the dash rapid egg cooker. So like anyone else I purchased it and it exceeded my expectations. I absolutely love this little thing! I have only hard boiled eggs and haven’t tried to poach or scramble them so not sure how those will turn out. The hard boiled eggs came out to perfection! Highly recommend.
 LOVE&lt; LOVE &gt;LOVE  I bought one for my daughter for Christmas, she loved it so I ordered one for myself.  So easy and quick especially if you want just a few eggs plus they are sooo easy to peel.  I just ordered a few more as gifts.
 A great purchase for hard boiled eggs - super easy to use and store.  I bought this specifically because reviews said the eggs were easier to peel, AND THEY ARE!  Every time I made them on the stovetop, the shells would be difficult to peel.  Great product.
 loving this thing, got one for both my wife and mother, they absolutely loved them.  I only wish someone could give me a definitive answer if the eggs are supposed to be at room temperature or not.
 This works very well to make hard boiled eggs without heating up the whole kitchen.  The eggs are easy to peel.  I like being able to pick up the egg tray and dunk the eggs into a bowl of ice water.  It's small, so doesn't take up too much cabinet real estate.
 Arrived with one of the little plastic handles broken off. I'm surprised that this isn't a more common complaint, as the handles seem to be a weak point in an overall flimsy design. This will be going back.
 The very first batch of eggs came out perfect. The next set and then on are OK but not as good. Followed the cleaning instructions but could not get the surface completely clean. The side not clean is also were the eggs are that are not as done. When new was great. Would I get another, most likely. It does a much better job then when I made hard boiled eggs on the stove.
 Women, how many times have you told your man how to boil eggs properly? Or tried to find a trick to peel the shell off easier. This thing does it for them. Save yourself annoyance and get that guy who likes boiled eggs this machine. I got it for my husband who is a FF and all of his FF colleagues have one now. Perfectly cooked boiled eggs in less time and effort.
 Best egg cooker EVER! And great customer service! I got one that didn’t work.... back in November... decided to call them in February and they sent me a new one! Super easy to use, my kids 9 &amp; 11 make their own eggs. I pack them in lunches, use them for snacks.
 Love this device! Have only used it for hard boiled eggs - but they come out perfectly. And easy to peel when done while still warm!
 I have seen these in stores for several years.  Always thought "a gimmick".  My brother bought my mom one (95 years old) and she told me how wonderful it was.  I hate boiling eggs.  Never perfect.  Well this "gimmick" is my new favorite appliance.  Perfect eggs in such a short period of time.  Who knew?  I surely wish I did sooner.  LOVE it.  This is a great present to give to someone.
 Disappointing ! It seems it’s defective. Omlettes and poached eggs come out so undercooked and it’s hard to know if it is actually done because when you turn it out onto the plate it is wet and runny! This certainly doesn’t save any time, in fact it wastes your time dealing with the undercookedness of the food after the ‘ready’ siren has gone off. Soft boiled eggs, same issue, they come out wet, runny and undercooked. Shame I am unable to return and get a refund.
 Using it to boil eggs and haven't tried to make omelettes etc.<br/>I like it very much for the ease of use and how the eggs come out just right. Not too hard. The only thing that doesn't work is when I press the button to stop the buzzer...it keeps going and I have to unplug the device.
 This makes making eggs so, so easy. Just fill with measured water, put the eggs and the tray and turn it on. The machine does the rest. Minimal cleanup. Eggs done to specification. Simple to use. Wish I had purchased this long ago!
 It requires the same amount of dishes since needs a bowl to soak in cold water  (maybe more since cleaning all the pieces) and my place still smells like egg.  When I hard boiled 3 - came out well (easy to peel) but then when I hard boiled 6- too tight and one a gooey mess.  Timer eliminates issue of cooking on stove but don't love.
 My husband bought this and I was not totally sold on the idea of having yet another appliance in the kitchen but wow - this is amazing! Perfectly cooked eggs that peel off super easy and clean every single time! Definitely worth it if you frequently eat eggs. It can also make omelettes, but we are sticking with the boiled eggs.
 I love soft boiled eggs, what I didn't love was heating up water in a pan to make them when it was already 105 degrees outside. This makes them faster and with less wasted energy, doesn't heat the kitchen up with boiling water. I think the eggs are easier to peel also.<br/>Even my wife is a believer.
 So fast and so easy...I admit I used to have problems boiling eggs...never know when they are done. This machine takes the guess work out, 14 minutes and they're done. Only thing I'd change it the alarming noise it makes when they are done
 I really like this egg cooker. I’ve boiled eggs &amp; poached eggs. They came out really good. But...you need to add a little more water when boiling or poaching large or jumbo eggs. Overall I really like it
 So, 6 eggs wasted because using the poaching dish top of eggs are done but slide them out and they are raw.  Left them sit for extra five minutes to cook longer...gonna try hard boiled but I don't have any faith.
 Have you ever tried an egg steamer?  If you haven't tried on and you like hard boiled eggs, you must get this.  You will never go back to boiling eggs again.  When you steam an egg, the shell never gets stuck and the yolk is creamy.  This particular model makes a loud noise when the eggs are done cooking which I like.  Some of the other brands do not let you know when the eggs are done.  I highly recommend this product!
 I bought this after using my daughter's earlier model.  Inexpensive and essential!  The only  slightly] negative aspect ot the setup is that the egg-puncturing needle is a bit dull for the purpose.  I usually end up using a sewing needle instead.
 This hardboils our eggs quite quickly!  which is excelent, however it does leave a bit of a mess in the bottom of cooker and need to be cleaned a bit each time!!  Otherwise its EXCELLENT!!
 I got these egg cookers as presents for Christmas. they were well received and they commented that they came out perfect. Once you understand the simple instructions on how it works you'll end up using this economical and easy to use egg cookers everyday. Fantastic!!
 My wife loves hard boiled eggs on her salad but she hates having to wait for the water to come to a boil.  She can't do as many at a time, but she doesn't have to stand by and wait because it has a buzzer to let you know when they are done.  You are going to get a few cracked eggs though.  If you poke a pinhole in the very top of the eggs they're not suppose to break when boiling, (works about half the time).
 After I received one of these as a gift. It quickly became a favorite item of mine. Now I have fun making hard boiled eggs to eat for breakfast or snacks. I loved mine so much that I bought one as a gift to send to a friend and now she loves hers too.
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my sister and she opened it today and it was broken when she opened it. Since i purchased it in October, I missed the return window. The lock mechanism is broken so it won’t work for her. Very disappointed.
 The timer to water ratio is not correct. The poached eggs are still runny have to put it through a second cycle and then the yolk is hard boiled. So I would say go half over the poached egg measurement line. I wouldn’t use it “on the go” because it may take more time to accurately acquire properly cocked eggs.
 We use this every day.  So far has worked well for soft to hard boiled eggs.  The others we have had have quit working after a year or so, but this one is still working.  This has a buzzer to signal the eggs are done.
 Perfectly cooked eggs every time. Not only that but the peeling part of the equation is a snap! Never has preparing hard boiled eggs been any easier. Takes up very little space and is simple to use. Fast, easy, awesome little egg cooker. Highly recommended!
 I was looking to find an easy way to make poached eggs. This system isn’t bad, but it’s tough to get cooked whites and runny yolks. The bottom of the egg often is uncooked while the yolk is somewhat solidified. I have played with timing and amount of water used to steam and haven’t gotten it just right. But it’s easy to use and is great for cooking hard boiled eggs or small omelets. My kids love the eggs that come out and we use the omelet pan to cook an egg for an egg mc muffin.
 I have my own chickens and fresh eggs daily. I noticed that using this cooked makes hard boiled eggs a breeze to peel. It is easy to use and gets eggs as done as you need by following directions. I will always have one of these.
 My whole family loves this little egg cooker.  We eat eggs all of the time now because they are so easy and quick to make.  No mess to clean up.  When the eggs are done cooking you will know because there is a LOUD buzzer but that is the only thing I would change and I'll live with it.
 I have been using this for 4 months and I have cooked a bunch of eggs. They are perfect every time. After I forgot about eggs I had boiling in a pan they exploded bits of egg every where I needed to do something.  So I ordered this it turns itself off when it is done. I wish I had this year's ago. GREAT COOKER  every one should have one.
 Great little machine. Works as advertised with easy clean up. Company seems to actually CARE what the customer thinks about their product. Great gift idea for the kitchen geeks in your life.
 I'm so happy with this little egg cooker, it feels like I just bought my first television!  Put the water in, poke the hole in the egg, plug it in and then hit start button.  Voila!!  Eggs are done to PERFECTION!  Amazing.  Oh...and they are so easy to peel.  What's not to love?!?
 It cooks hard boiled eggs perfectly and the omelettes are great. I have found though that you need to add more water than recommended if you put a bunch of stuff in your omelette. Not a big deal though. Haven't tried poached eggs yet. Great device.
 Works REALLY well.  I was shocked.  I'll never boil eggs the old fashioned way again.  This takes all of the guesswork out of cooking eggs.  I like soft boiled eggs and this one gives perfect results.  The eggs peel so much easier too!  Buy with confidence.  But be careful, or you'll burn yourself on the steam.  Wear a long oven mitt when removing the lid or be prepared for a nasty steam burn.
 This is the first one of these that I've bought - and I can't believe I waited this long to buy one.  Cooked eggs are perfect every time.  There is no waiting for a pot of water to boil, and no need to set a timer.  Clean-up (if any is needed) is easy.  I am a big fan of boiled eggs, and this is by far the easiest way I've found for cooking them.  If you like cooked eggs, get one of these!!
 I'd give this 100 stars if I could. I absolutely love this. My hubby takes 2 hard boiled eggs to work every day &amp; this makes it sooo simple. I find eggs done in this are alot easier to peel to.
 I figured this thing would be junk for the low price but it's not at all. I can have a half dozen soft boiled eggs for scotch eggs in no time with no mess to clean up when i'm done.
 Yes, finally no more boiling eggs and hoping I got it right. This little gadget works like a dream. Prick you eggs, load up the tray, add the required amount of water and turn on. Once the alarm beeps, unplug and let sit for a few and they are done. I haven't tried the other items (poaching tray and round pan), but it works for what I wanted perfectly - 6 hard boiled eggs!
 It’s easy to dial in exactly how cooked you want the eggs. I do about halfway between “medium” and “hard” and put a little sharpie mark on the water container. No more overdone eggs.
 Never would've thought I needed this, and now that I have it I wonder why I didn't buy it so much sooner. It's been perfect for quickly hard-boiling eggs. The others are right, you could be most anywhere in your place and hear the alarm when it's done cooking. If you eat eggs at all, just get it.
 Glad I got this. It is so convenient and easy to use. With the marked measure cup there is no guessing on the timing to get what I want. So far I have only used this for hard boiled and love it. Trying to snack healthier and this makes it convenient.
 This is an amazing product.  I've now purchased two of them, so I can leave one at my summer home. I couldn't live without it. I'm finally able to have eggs in the morning whenever I want, as it allows for easy cooking and cleanup while I'm off getting a shower. Put the eggs in. Pour in the recommended amount of water.  Push a button and go. Come back to perfectly cooked eggs every time (once you find exactly how much water you need to get the eggs exactly to your liking).
 Works exactly as it says.  The noise is funny, but truly it is not nearly as loud as some of the comments state (though reading those comments are hilarious) Reminds me of a whistle from tea kettle.  We have used this several times and cooked exactly as the instructions.  I bought two! Love it!
 OBSESSED! Okay well maybe I've only used it once, but the hard boiled eggs were perfect! I never mastered boiling in water, they either would come out overcooked or medium instead of hard boiled so $20 for this machine was worth it. Honestly based on the reviews I was expecting the buzzer to be much worse than it really is, but it does sound like it's summoning the dead and probably pisses off my neighbors. But worth it!
 Functions just as described however, the on/off button is just for show on the device I received. I have to unplug when I want to shut off the device. This leads me to believe I received a returned/refurbished item. Instead of returning, I just continue to unplug once the (extremely loud) buzzard sounds.
 I am very disappointed. The scrambled and poached eggs don't cook right because there's only steam from the top and at the bottom of the plastic tray there is always some completely liquid runny whites left
 Oh my this thing is amazing! I love boiled eggs in the morning and this is set like a set it and forget it. But, I can tell you that you won't forget it because when they are done you will know! It has the loudest most irritating alert ever but it's needed so you can unplug and stop the cooking process. The eggs can be cooked soft, medium, or hard and they come out perfect Everytime.
 Got it as a gift for my mom. She thought initially what a silly gift but now she uses it every time she wants to make boiled eggs, which is about twice a week - which is why I thought it would make a good gift ;)<br/><br/>She says it makes the best boiled eggs, so easy to peel too!
 Love!!! Makes eggs quickly and very easy to peel the hard boiled eggs. Haven’t tried making other eggs in it. This is a game changer and would definitely recommend to anyone!
 I am OBSESSED with this egg cooker... it is so simple and easy! I like hard boiled eggs for quick meals and this makes the perfect egg EVERY SINGLE TIME. So amazing! Beyond happy with this buy
 Follow the instructions and it will make perfect hard boiled eggs every time with the gray ring around the outside of the yolk.<br/><br/>We have also made perfectly cooked soft boiled eggs.
 Great to do hard boiled eggs, poached eggs, and scrambled eggs.  I would recommend adding more water then it says to when using large and x-large eggs as they do not cook right if you do not add the extra water.
 Item works great and cooks eggs fast and easy but the buzzer is horrible. It doesn't turn off till you hit the button, hence the four stars.
 I was a little apprehensive. But this thing is perfect!  I have tried every single way possible, to get the perfect egg.  I like medium,  my youngest likes hard.  My oldest likes soft,  over avo-toast. And I can make that happen, without fail, every time.
 Perfect little egger. Cooked ex-lg organic eggs to perfectly soft, and quicker than stovetop.<br/>The omelet attachment seems pretty small but will try it. Based on reviews was waiting for the shriek of the timer, but not that bad &amp; off immediately when unplugged
 Best hard boiled eggs i've ever made! and i've tried ALL the various methods believe me. Don't know why but best part is the eggs peel REALLY easy. Very compact &amp; easy to store. I don't find the finished alarm that annoying as some have reported. Excellent product, highly recommend.
 I don't normally write reviews for products but I was extremely surprised at how well this cooker works and felt compelled to review it. I eat 2 eggs every morning and the biggest issue I had with normal pot boiling is getting the shell off without ripping the egg apart. I've had this cooker for a few weeks now and haven't had one she'll peeling issue. The buzzer sounds like a commercial fire alarm but I can easily look past that due to how well the cooker works. Highly recommended.
 It did not come with the pin on the bottom of the measuring cup, looked everywhere but didn’t find one. Unfortunately I didn’t notice till I had already unpacked, washed product and threw box away. When I quickly looked the first time I didn’t know it was to have a pin to pick the egg. Was able to find a push pin that seems to work. Only used 1 time so far and the hard boiled eggs were undercooked but 2 of the 3 were eatable. Will use again due to how easy it is to use. Oh the buzzer is not that bad, heard worse.
 I've only had it a few days, but I'm already in love. So easy to use, and good as a steamer for far more than just eggs. Scrambled eggs don't quite get done on one cycle, but that is probably because I put milk in mine. Those are easily enough done in the microwave though, or I've found doing them in the Egg Cooker twice seems to do the trick. It is absolutely a dream come true for everything else though!
 I'm obsessed with this thing.  It makes perfect hardboiled eggs with no work or monitoring.  I never have eggs crack and its just so easy.  My ONE complaint is the timer buzzer for then they are done is really loud and jarring lol.  But you get used to it :)
 This egg boiler really works well. Easy to clean and store. I was able to make boil eggs in few minutes. Only thing is that the buzzer alert is loud but it good since it lets you know that the eggs are done
 I live at altitude (above 5,000 ft.). That means the boiling point of water is around 10 degrees F lower than it is at sea level. This EXTREMELY WELL-DESIGNED product uses precise cooking timing, but that timing is based on how an egg heats when water boils at 212 degrees F, not 202 degrees F. If you live around sea level or within a couple of thousand feet above that, my rating is FIVE STARS. If you live at or above 5,000 ft., stick with the pot and the boiling water.
 I bought one of these because I love hardboiled eggs and I read that the shells come off easily when using this. It's true! Cook consistent hard boiled eggs every time. The omelet dish that's included is also awesome. I have no complaints.
 I love this thing!! I also love farm fresh eggs but hated never being able to eat them hard boiled (due to not being able to get the shell off easily). This machine does it!! I can use my "fresh from the farm" eggs and the shell slips off so easily and perfectly. This machine does some other egg features but I just needed a quick, easy hard boil machine for my eggs and this is perfect!
 This came with everything needed to use, the boiled eggs are so delicious and perfectly cooked. I made an omelette with the big round pan, I added a couple add ins and filled the little measuring cup to the omelette/poached line. When the alarm went off the egg was still real runny, so I added the same amount of water and it came out fully cooked and very fluffy.
 This thing is amazing!! Perfect boiled eggs, every time! After the initial learning curve of figuring out the correct amount of water to add for the egg that suits you, it’s a walk in the park! A couple of trial runs and you will be using this with your eyes closed! The eggs peel beautifully, immediately out of the cooker. There’s never a pot to wash! Simply wipe down the base of the cooker. I love this product so much that I bought several for friends, just to share the joy! The price point is great as well. I will never be without one of these!
 I can finally have the soft cooked eggs I enjoy so much that I have botched every time over the years. Hard cooked eggs peel so easily, it isn't necessary to let them age. I frequently cook a ham and 2 egg omelet which always tasty with pepper and 8 or 10 drops of tabasco sauce. Mmmm good. But the best is poached eggs on toasted 21 grain bread. The chewy, nutty flavor of the bread is delightful when complemente by the wonderful taste of gooey egg. I have been eatlng eggs every day for 79 years and can't get tired of them. They are my favorite food. When "tailgating, I like 2 hard cooked , tabasco sauce, a link of polish sausage and a pint of craft beer..That is  food fit for the gods,,although because of my age I only drink one pint but I may splurge on another egg. By the way, I use jumbo eggs and cook them right out of the fridge.
 This is without a doubt the best egg machine you can possibly buy at a very reasonable cost. It can do a number of  things and they are done right every time. Highly recommended.
 I used to boil eggs using a regular pan and just never got it right (lame I know).  So I decided to purchase this product.  Hard-boiled eggs come out perfect and easy to peel!  I haven't tried the other features but hard-boiled eggs always come out perfect.  I even convinced 2 co-workers to get this same item.
 This thing is adorable and makes the best boiled eggs! Super easy to peel and cooked to perfection throughout. Takes about the same time maybe a little less to make hard boiled eggs, but we tested with half the eggs boiled regularly in a pot on stove  and actually preferred the eggs that came from this cooker. Love it!
 Product works great. You can play around with the water levels to change up your egg making skills. Bought another for a gift. The sound is loud when your eggs are finished. You will hear the sound from the other room or while you're in the shower. Might get a build up at the bottom like you may see in peoples angry pictures, but comes off easy with steel wool. Black plastic is easy to clean. Also, easy to assemble and pack away. Enjoy the various ways to make eggs.
 Works very well.<br/>I don't pierce the eggs as recommended - I set the eggs out and let them warm up for a while before running the cooker. No egg explosions.<br/><br/>My only dislike is that the Finish Alarm sounds like the Emergency Alert Tone you can get on your phone - really obnoxious.
 The egg cooker is very easy to use. And can cook eggs fast. The reason I gave it four star because I got four not-so-well-cooked eggs with following the direction to cook the eggs.
 It is very simple to use and makes my eggs perfect every time. Easy to clean and comes will easy to follow instructions. My only complaint is the sound it makes when it is done. The timer alarm makes me jump every time.<br/>If it wasn't for that Fire Alarm sound (No joke), I would rate this product a 5 star.
 Every household should have a Dash egg cooker. This one was for my daughter. They are so easy to use-make perfect eggs every time. The eggs are easy to peel-every time. They are definitely worth the investment.
 Great for soft, medium or hard-boiled eggs. Haven't had time to try anything else yet.
 Worst egg cooker I have ever used. Amazon no longer sells the Krup egg cooker whicy is the best. I bought this one and if you don't mind leaking water running down your kitchen counter, buy one.
 We love this egg cooker and use it regularly. My only con would be to be able to shut the alarm off with one hand. The button is hard to press unless I use my other hand to steady the cooker (it slides backwards when I try to hit the button with one hand). Most of the time I am busy multitasking with other things going on and just need an easy way to shut the button off quick because wow is the alarm/timer LOUD.
 This thing is great! Easy eggs in just a couple of minutes. Takes a bit to get used to amount of water needed, depending on size of eggs and desired doneness, but just a great kitchen item!
 Works great...correct amount of water takes time to get right at 6200 feet
 It is a great product, and with a little extra care, I'm sure it will continue for a long time.<br/>I use only distilled water, clean out the inside each time, and use the measuring cup and egg pricker provided.<br/>It's a very easy way to get good cooked eggs each time, and they peel easily.
 Got it for my wife as a gift. She/we love it!  I didn't think it would work as well as it does. But eggs cook perfectly and the shell pulls away with ease!  Buy it you will love it.
 I love hard boil eggs but I hate making them on the stove top. for me it was the "monitoring" of eggs in stove top that i'm annoyed with.<br/>However with this device you can just stab the egg and throw them into this cute machine. Then next thing you know you got perfectly cooked hard boil eggs.<br/>I can't believe I've waited this long. amazing
 This thing is only capable of hard boiling eggs. If you try to cook anything else (omelettes, soft boiled eggs, poached eggs) you'll be left with a disgusting mess. The poached eggs stick to the poaching cup even if you use butter and they come out completely watery. Same with the omlette. I can't figure out the proper amount of water to use for a soft boiled egg because the lines for "soft", "medium", and "hard" are completely useless (except for hard, that's the only one that works). I hate this thing.
 If you like hard boiled eggs but are a busy person this gem is for you!  Super simple to use and eggs are perfect every single time. If the base with the best inf element becomes discolored put a little apple cider vinegar in it and let it sit for an hour. It wipes clean like you just took it out of the box.
 Very easy to set up and very easy to use. Makes perfect hard boiled eggs that peal with ease compared to doing them in a pot of water. This is not a fancy looking piece of equipment for those of you who are looking for that. Great for the egg lover. I highly recommend.
 Amazing little egg cooker. My first batch of 6 extra large eggs I filled the cup to the medium boiled line. They came out perfectly medium boiled. Worked as advertised. Eggs tasted amazing. Only reason I'm giving this 4 stars and not 5 is because I see this as a novelty item, as eggs of any kind are not very difficult to make without this device. However, if you eat a LOT of eggs, I can see this coming in handy. Great overall product.
 I like this product and the eggs turn out great. The only bad thing is the very loud alarm that beaps when it is done and the fact that it won’t stop unless you unplug it.
 Cooks hard boiled eggs just fine. Requires poking pinhole in the egg (device included), but that does crack some of the eggs. Also, the buzzer when the cooking is done is awful. Somewhere between a fire alarm and fingernails on the chalkboard. Gets your attention alright, but I hate it. Still, more efficient than cooking eggs on the stove in boiling water.
 I have tried to make the perfect boiled eggs before and have always horribly failed.  Seriously, I researched it.  This machine is cheap, easy to use, and has great results.  I now make boiled eggs several times a week and have no excuse to skip breakfast any more.  I like to fill the water cup half way between medium and hard.  Once it beeps I put the eggs in a small bowl filled with water and ice cubes.  Then when it has cooled down I wipe off extra water and put back in the carton.  I guess the only negative is the tone it emits is really annoying, but on the flip side it motivates you to get up and push the button to turn it off.
 Was supper excited to receive this unit. I had imagined a much easier process when it came to boiling eggs when I used this item. Not to say that it did not meet the specifications laid out within the description, but I just thought it would be a lot less time consuming. Its just as easy to boil eggs the regular way on the stove top. But it is still nice to have.
 I adore this little appliance. The ONLY thing I don’t adore is the noise alert. It sounds like a air raid siren on helium. And it doesn’t shut off unless you unplug it. Makes great eggs- just be ready to run for the chord when it’s almost done. Would recommend tho
 Where has this been my whole life. My neighbors have one and they showed us how amazing it was and we purchased one right away. So glad I did. I've been looking for a solution to perfect boiled eggs for years. Buy this! You will love it!
 My favorite kitchen appliance. I've gifted 8 of these and everybody loves them! The eggs are easy to peal and the egg never sticks to the shell ever! Best "gadget" I own.
 I initially purchased so I could multi-task without monitoring the stove. However, I am giving five stars for for kid-friendly approved ages 9+. I have not allowed my 11 year-old to touch the stove yet because of safety concerns. He is somewhat frustrated because he's at the age where he wants to do all for himself, and has no patience for "Just a moment honey." He wakes in the morning and makes his breakfast whether the eggs are boiled, poached, or omelette. He makes eggs on the side as well as breakfast sandwiches, and is now exploring breakfast for dinner. I don't have to worry about the stove being on too long or injuries because the buzzer is loud and persistent and he knows how to handle hot foods. I also don't have to worry about consistency because the result is the same each time.  Good product and definitely kid-friendly approved.
 Thank you for whoever thought bout this..love this product.. Especially when I'm on the go..it helps to jus put eggs in..add water for measurement..poke holes on eggs..cover n push button..what I like the most is when the eggs are cooked the machine will alarm..n the sound is loud..n will keep alarming until u turn it off.. Amazing..!!!!!!!
 Not a real auto shut off, returned
 I use this almost once a week!!! Cooks the eggs well. A little over done a few times but I've been able to adjust the water so it doesn't do that so often anymore. Very easy to use and clean. Love the color too!
 It works well and the egg shells are definitely easier to peel.  However, you can only fit 3 jumbo eggs at a time and you need to run it through two cycles for the eggs to be hard boiled.
 This egg cooker is perfect. It makes cooking hardboiled eggs super simple. Just fill the little measuring cup to the lines indicated for whatever style of egg I want and go.
 I would have rated it higher but for the "auto cut off" feature.  It doesn't exist!  Sadly, that is why I purchased it.  I have only used it for hard boiled eggs; it works just fine and is pretty quick.  When done however it does NOT automatically shut itself off.  It emits an ear-piercing noise (think, smoke detector) until you race to shut it off.  Otherwise seems fine.  I would have like a better cord storage system; on my last cooker the cord wrapped around the "legs" of the cooker and were out of the way.  Not a big deal unless you have limited storage or a lot of junk.  :-)
 I am not good at cooking hard boiled eggs.  By the time I peel them, I am left with just the yolk!  The Dash Rapid Egg Cooker will make 6 boiled eggs perfectly every time.  It even makes poached eggs perfectly.  What a find.
 We’ve only had this about a month, but I really like it! My husband pokes holes in the top of the eggs, like the instructions say, but I do not....so far none of mine have exploded or cracked. We used to have a microwave egg cooker, but this is 100% better! I’m not a big fan of the little buzzer that goes off when the eggs are done, but we can’t all be perfect....
 This cooks eggs as it's meant to, but the alarm is so incredibly loud that it's unpleasant to use at home and impossible to use in the office.  I wouldn't recommend this device.
 I don’t understand. Why make the sound so damn loud and noisy? It’s like telling you “come get your boiled eggs or I’m gonna blow up the city.” I’ve used it a few times, it did a fine job, until there was once I was taking a nap on the couch and suddenly startled from sleep because I thought it was fire alarm. After a few seconds, I realized it was my stupid egg boiler. It’s like giving me a punshiment for being a lazy human being, what a horrible product.
 Best kept secret so glad I found this little egg genius. It’s great. Eggs cook quick and completely done. Haven’t tried to make an omelet with it yet. I really enjoy my hard boiled eggs with it. I recommend.
 Can't say enough good things about this little product. I love hard boiled eggs and this makes it super quick and simple. My sister loved mine so much she ordered her own.
 Seriously one of the best things I have bought in a long time. I eat 18 or so eggs a week and this thing is amazing! Saves me tons of time, I get more consistent results and clean up is fast and easy!
 Works great but the ALARM when finishe is insanely loud and doesn’t stop until you turn it off.  Forget using this in the morning when other people are sleeping in the house because it practically wakes up the entire street!
 It's easier and doesn't really take much more time to just boil a few eggs in a pan of water.  The alarm at the end sounds like my smoke alarm.  Maybe I'm clumsy, but I broke about every fourth egg trying to put that little hole in the top of each egg.  The eggs weren't quite totally hard boiled when taken out of the cooker.  I think it's just another unnecessary kitchen gadget that isn't better and just takes up space.
 I’ve tried cooking eggs a variety of ways and the hard and medium boiled eggs are the only ones that work. The rest are still raw when the timer goes off. Luckily the main reason I wanted it was for hard boiling eggs.
 I love this so much. It came out of the box ready to use. Hard boiled eggs perfect in 16 min. The buzzer wasnt as bad as everyone said.  I was expecting a screech, mine just had a little song. The shell comes off so easily too.
 This is a great little egg cooker - especially for the price! My favorite is poached eggs and this does it beautifully. Have recommended it to friends who have also purchased one and a very happy . I also like the fact that it's small enough for me to leave on the counter without it taking up a lot of room.
 I was skeptical about this product but was completely amazed.  Our family loves hard boiled eggs but I loathe making them. I always overcook them, it takes forever and when I peel them they tear them up horribly no matter what I do or don't add to the water (baking soda, salt, etc) or how I cool them down.  With this product, it takes me about 1 minute t prep them, and 14 to cook them.  I pull them right out, rinse with cold water for a few seconds, peel and serve.  Its perfect.  Absolutely perfect.
 So easy to use and cook eggs like you want them. This is great for boiled eggs when you are looking for a quick and healthy protein snack. The med. boiled eggs comes out perfect.
 The best invention ever! I no longer have to waste a pot full of  water and take a chance in overcooking my eggs. The instructions that come with the package are clear and thorough. I can walk away and get ready for work and never forget about the eggs because the timed buzzer is loud and will not shut off on its own.
 Wife hasn't used it a lot so far, but will. She did poached eggs and had to cycle it twice. Mostly she bought it for hard boiled and hasn't tried them yet, but will.
 Followed the directions for both the hard boiling and poaching but both came out very runny, not just the yolk but also the whites.  With some tweaking and using more water than instructed I can get it corrected for a true hard boil or semi-decent poach.  The timer makes this loud terrible noise when it goes off and does not stop until you hit the button - very obnoxious, especially with young sleeping children around.
 This thing is amazing! it's great for hard boiling eggs without using a ton of water.<br/>Update 20181220: Product is still amazing and going strong. You can cook as few as 1 or 6 eggs and they are thoroughly hard boiled. No need to fill a whole pan with water.
 I have never been the best at making hard-boiled eggs.  In fact, I would dread Easter time and coloring eggs...because that would mean I would have to cook the eggs we were going to color.  I never figured out the perfect timing in the boiling water.  Now I don't have to!  I simply poke a hole in the egg, fill the provided measuring cup, turn it on....and wait for the buzzer to sound!  Perfect every time!  THANK YOU!
 I usually only write a review when I'm dissatisfied but I felt that this little egg cooker deserves accolades!  It's easy to use, easy to clean and stores with everything inside the cooker.  We've had this a little over a month and have been making hard boiled eggs at least twice a week since we've got it.  Buy it, you won't be sorry!
 Have only used this for boiled eggs, from very small to extra-large size and it cooks both like a charm!  Works perfectly for my needs, glad to have it.  Rated 4 stars ilo 5 because I've only used one feature, not all 3.
 Works just fine don't know  why  or what I would do without  one they even peel  easy  after cooked  I just leave them set a few min after cooked  in the cooker then put them in cold water  crack them after cool enough to handle  if want them warm otherwise leave them set  to cool .I purchased (4) as  gifts.
 One of my favorite kitchen gadgets. The omeletes are perfect for one and my boiled eggs peel with ease. I use this weekly and it performs well.
 This little thing is great. Makes great soft boiled eggs-and every other style you might like.  Hard boiled are great, shells come off so easily.  Great little item! So much better than heating up the stove and messing up pans.  I love it!
 I originally thought it came with an institutional DVD. I was wrong. Just a fancy way to wrap the manual.<br/>This works great. No guess work as opposed to boiling. Very versatile.
 Love this little thing. I can make hard boiled eggs everyday within minutes. The husband likes to make his omelettes in it too.  I only wish the lid was a bit larger to accommodate a full 1/2 dozen large eggs. Small and med ok. I wish I would have had this in college. We could have hot plates (which is what this is) but not microwaves or mini ovens.
 I was skeptical at first, but hard boiling eggs in this device is a LOT faster than firing up a burner and getting a gallon of water to boil. Very ingenious device.
 This egg cooker allows you to boil eggs or make omelets without turning on your stove and messing up pans. It is compact so easy to store or is attractive enough to leave on your counter. In just a couple of minutes breakfast is ready.
 This is a great egg cooker. I usually don't like lots of gadgets like this to crowd up my cabinets but I highly recommend it. No mess, no clean up and best of all the eggs peel very easy.  Just be sure you punch the hole enough.<br/>Best of all it's so quick and takes up little space. Even my "No cooking" husband did it!  My "cooking" son got one and he loves it.
 Just got this in and used it. The eggs were awesome! I hardboiled 6 eggs and they were cooked perfectly! Dropped them in cold water for a few minutes and they peeled easily. Best $16.99 I've spent! I hope it holds up. If not I will update!
 I got this for my mom who love to boil a lot of eggs. She made fun of me but then fell in love with this. It’s easy to use esp for her (super tech easy for non tech people)
 To make hard or soft boiled eggs this little machine is great!! For the rest of the features, omelets and such, I wasn't impressed. The little dishes are plastic, the eggs didn't cook evenly. I make a lot of potato salad with egg and by far this is my favorite way to hard boil the eggs. For that reason, it was worth the purchase.
 Very easy to cook perfect hardboiled eggs. Read the simple instructions. Wait one minute after timer goes off and run under cold water. This helps peeling the shell
 Hard piece to cook eggs.<br/><br/>Taste is not as good as with traditional cookware. Honestly I didn’t enjoy the experience.<br/><br/>Return it before second try.
 The only way I will ever make hard boiled eggs. And no pot to clean up
 This is the best hard boiled egg cooker.  So quick...I found I need just a tad more water for a fully cooked egg.<br/>I haven’t tried soft boiled or omelet yet but am sure it will be fine.
 Perfect eggs! Just has a bit of residue on bottom of unit after each cycle- easy enough to clean up- realize it the eggs that seep a bit during the process which is to be expected.
 I love this little egg cooker. The fact that I can make an omelet with this thing is a plus. Makes hard boiled eggs simple and easy without the mess of boiling water.
 This thing is amazing.  After seeing the main review picture with the delicious looking medium boiled egg, i had to have this.  This thing can make the perfect medium boiled eggs consistently which is key.  You can also add or subtract water to make it more/less done to your preference.  After reading the reviews, I was hoping for an ear piercing screech timer buzzer, however its reasonable if not a little annoying sounding.  10/10 would recommend and have already.
 Works great and fast. No muss, no fuss. Hardboiled eggs were easy to shell. Haven't tried the omelette-maker yet but looking forward to it as well as poached. Buy it. You won't be disappointed if you love eggs!
 This little gadget is the bomb! Makes perfect hard boiled eggs every time, in about 16 minutes. It whistles like a teapot when the eggs are ready, so you don't have to time it. A bonus is that the eggs are super easy to peal afterwards! It's better than boiling eggs in a pot on the stove. I haven't tried the poached, soft boiled, or omelettes, that you can also make in this handy kitchen device.
 This is awesome! My husband likes having eggs in the morning but not always the time to make them. Making a batch of these is super easy and he has eggs for the week ready to go. Very easy to use and they turn out perfect every time!
 I make eggs all the time now.  The omelette came out like a souffle, even though I only added water.  Hard Boiled eggs are fantastic, but if you have super large eggs, let them stay in a little longer before sinking them in ice water, since they don't cook completely through. Or better yet, just use large or medium eggs
 while this is a great product and has many great functions, when your eggs are ready it has a REALLY LOUD beep that won't stop until you run across the room to turn it off. it sounds like your fire alarm is going off. prepare to wake up anyone still sleeping in your house.
 The perfect soft boiled or hard boiled eggs every time whether I'm just making a couple of eggs or a half dozen. It's easy to use and there are no more cracked eggs during boiling.
 Love this egg cooker. Works as well as described. I've only used it for medium soft and hard boiled eggs. When the timer goes off, just pick the rack up and put it in cold water to stop the cooking.
 A good product that will hardboil your eggs the way you want.  If you happen to lose the measuring cup email customer service and they will send you a new one.
 It is turning bottom of eggs brown to<br/>Blackish color and when try to scrub it it takes time to get clean. Don’t understand why one side is the only one turning bottom of eggs brown/ blackish.
 Works great for hard boiled (or soft boiled) eggs.  Not bad for poached eggs.  don't like it for omlets though.  Didn't realize the eggs are steam cooked in this.  Some eggs taste better out of the frying pan.
 I love this little thing. No mess, quick cooking &amp; easy to clean. You will not be disappointed. It makes a screeching sound when it's done but dont let that deter you.
 The only thing I DISLIKE is the timer. Once it goes off it continues to make a loud buzzing noise until you physically turn it off. It won’t automatically shut off once the cooking is done. But otherwise it’s great.
 It cooked eggs well. But the noise is literally the worst sound I've ever heard in my life. How bad could it be? See other peoples reviews and attached videos.
 Works as intended! Makes great hard boiled eggs super quickly that are easy to peel! Also makes good other eggs, sometimes the poached come out a little too watery however (I think that might be my fault). I wish the buzzer wouldnt keep going for so long and It would have an auto shut off feature, but great for the price and very effective.
 Hard boils eggs exactly as well as advertised. Uses minimal water and gets them just right each time, so I have nothing but positive things to say about the cooking aspect of its performance. However, people are not lying about the horror of the timer sound. I stood too close to it one morning when it went off, and now I'm sterile.
 This the second one I’ve purchased - one for my fifth wheel, one for the house- this is one of those gadgets that you will use often. Eggs are cooked perfectly every time! Don’t need to worry about forgetting the eggs on the stove- a great product!
 The product does decent job cooking eggs. You do need to add more water than recommended for desired results. The sound however is horrible. I am trying not to be around kitchen when it's about to go off. Sometimes I even think to myself - do I want to deal with this early in the morning. And it does not shut off until you turn machine off.
 I love this thing. Eggs peeled perfectly, no messy water, no added salt. They were just perfectly hard boiled without any gray or soft spots. It's compact and doesn't take up much room.
 I love, love, love this egg cooker! Hard boiled eggs peel perfectly!!! Any type of egg I've made has come out perfectly. I put the egg(s) in, replace cover and walk away. When eggs are ready, it buzzes and shuts off. The size is small, ideal for storage.
 I bought this being very skeptical of it... IT is totally worth the inexpensive price...Makes PERFECT Hard Boiled Eggs.. You will LOVE THIS....so easy and perfect everytime.
 You know how we all buy this thing or that thing then wish we hadn’t ? Well I am sooo glad I got this! What a cool little cooker. Eggs come out perfect every time with no cracks and they are super easy to peel. We love it.
 The rapid dash egg cooker is very economical to use because it will not overcook the eggs. The timer is built into the product by the amount of water the eggs are streamed with.
 I can't get this to make the same eggs twice!  I've tried adjusting the water to make eggs harder/softer,  but it's very inconsistent in cooking time.
 This invention is worth it. I rarely ate breakfast in the mornings because I have a trillion and one things to do, and I definitely don’t have time to watch it cook. Just throw some eggs in this baby like the instructions say, and bam, delicious breakfast. I’m in love with this thing. The photo was supposed to be of the perfect little omelette, but it was so good I forgot to take a before photo.
 We have enjoyed this product however the timer to let you know it's done sounds like a WW2 alarm. We have ended up in our bunker a few times only to realize it wasn't the apocalypse, but our omlettes were done.
 Easy to use. Love it, luv it, love it!
 Why haven't I bought this before? It makes hard boiled eggs in just a few minutes. I eat two every morning for breakfast, on my weight loss plan. This little gem is my favorite appliance, and it's so tiny and cute. Stores very well because of its size. I'm thinking about buying them for upcoming gifts for my loved ones... Shhh! Don't tell them lol! They will love this I know it! :)
 Works as expected. Love this product! It works exceptionally! Exactly 15 min every time. Yes, I get a little brown spot on the bottom of the eggs but never on the "egg white". My kids love it!
 This is my second egg cooker.... I HATE the alarm. It's loud and obnoxious. My cats hate it too. (haha)
 Works great! From soft boiled to hard. Have not tried other functions other than boiled eggs. Only dislike is loud alarm to signal cooking cycle end. Alarm does not stop until you push the button! 😲
 It doesn't have auto-off function, but it SCREAMS LIKE CRAZY WHEN IT'S DONE!!!<br/>Hate it.
 The noise on this egg cooker is just awful...I am on eggshells waiting for the darn eggs to cook since it sounds like a burglary alarm!
 Fast delivery, excellent working condition, super cute &amp; awesome egg cooker -- first I thought it will automatically turned off once it's done  but no it will make a loud beeping once egg is done , but it helps anyway I will definitely not forget that I'm cooking egg .I always forgot that I'm cooking egg every time I'm cooking egg using frying pan , but after  purchasing it I never forget that I'm cooking egg .
 If you use it as instructed, with large size eggs, they don't get cooked all the way. You can't set the time for longer, since it cooks till all the water in the tray has evaporated. I just use a bit more water than required by the directions, and the eggs cook perfectly. It's easy and low maintenance, and I use it several times a week. I especially like using it for poached eggs!
 I'm in love with this little gadget!  Makes perfectly cooked hard boiled eggs without having to set a timer or forgetting about the eggs on the stove.  I haven't used it to make any other type eggs yet.  Worth the money!  Highly recommend!
 I got this so my son who loves pickled eggs could make his own.  The eggs were cooks perfectly and were very easy to peel.  He was quite happy!  So was I.
 This thing makes perfectly hard boiled eggs! I love setting and forgetting it! I really don't use this thing for anything other than hard boiled/soft boiled eggs, i don't use the omelette feature I don't think it's particularly useful so I can't speak to that but it makes perfect eggs!
 Bought for Thanksgiving, I had some doubt. The product was small, parts easy to understand. I would recommend more water than instructed, as the yolks we're barely cooked.
 This egg cooker is the bomb.  In a matter of minutes you have PERFECT boiled eggs.  Easiest peeling eggs I have ever seen.  Only purchased on Black Friday but have used several times making egg salad.  I love this cooker!
 This little appliance works great! So glad our son-in-law shared it with us. It is so easy to use and the eggs turn out perfectly. It is very compact for storage as well.
 Love it! As another reviewer mentioned,  for hard boiled eggs let them sit in the cooker for 4 minutes after turning off and they are perfectly cooked. I  rinsed the eggs in cold water and peeled them while warm.  Shells came off perfectly!
 I give 3 stars for the convenience and water savings.  It looses 2 stars because it can not hard boil eggs. I've tried eggs from different grocery stores and providers (Safeway, Costco, etc) but the yolk is always somewhat liquid.<br/><br/>I've tried putting more water than the recommended amount for hard boiled eggs but the water escapes and creates a mess.  So, not sure I have a defective one or this happens to other folks and we need a "2.0" version.
 Hard boiled my eggs wonderfully, poached was way to under cooked for my taste but I will try again, and it steamed my broccoli to perfection! Overall it’s a great and worth every penny!
 If you like eggs, buy this now. Poached, omelet, hard or soft boiled are perfect and quick every time. Doesn't really do an over easy, but poached are better anyway.
 I only use it for boiled eggs. It's perfect and takes all the guesswork out of boiling and so much easier. So easy to peel after. I can't comment on the poached or omelette function because I haven't used it for that.
 I've had this miracle gadget for a few weeks and have used regularly.  I've done both poached eggs and omelettes.  Handy, easy to use, works very well.  A bargain at any price!
 This is the best little cooker! We just tried it for the first time and the eggs cooked quickly, peeled easily and were just perfect. For those with physical disabilities, this cooker eliminates the need to handle hot pots of water and eggs can be removed from the cooker with tongs. Cleanup is a breeze. I’m going to order a second one for my sister.
 No more green hard boiled eggs. This little gem works perfectly. I have only used it for hard boiled eggs but it does what it's supposed to do which is to cook eggs. Makes a really loud buzzing sound when done which is great for me. Before getting this cooker, i would forget and leave eggs boiling forever. This is no longer a problem.
 We eat a lot of eggs in our house.  It’s so easy to use.  Hard boiled eggs took around 12 minutes and “scrambled eggs” less than 7.  I love that you can put the eggs on and let it go till the buzzer sounds.
 No need to read anymore reviews, just buy it. You will love it.
 I really like this egg cooker, it boils my eggs in just a few minutes only takes a small amount of counter space.
 This egg cooker is a wonderful time saver.  I found the process for hardboiled eggs very easy.  Simply poke a small hole in the larger end of the egg(s) with the supplied tool, add a small amount of water on the hot plate, place the lid on top, and press the button.  In roughly 15 minutes you will get perfect eggs.  What is also nice is that they all peel much easier than they did when I was putting them in a pot of boiling water.  Omelets were also a snap to make.  However, I prefer mine a little firmer and found that I needed to leave them in a bit longer after the timer went off in order for them to cook to my desired consistency.
 I love the fact on how easy this is to use as well as the ability to cook an egg as hard or soft as I want it.  The only downside is the heater that heats up the water actually gets black like something is burning after use.  Everything else you can wipe clean, you may need to scrub the heater.
 LOVE IT! Quick, easy, plug in, pour water, poke the egg and done. Eggs seem to peel easier, making other style eggs is a breeze. Next time I'd buy a bigger one, my test is done and I'm sold. Highly recommend!
 This would get a 5 if the buzzer wasn’t the most horrible sound in the entire world. The timer is also fairly pointless. Depending on how many eggs and what type of egg (soft vs hard vs poach) you are cooking, you need different cook times. The buzzer sounds at 12 no matter what.<br/><br/>On the good side, this is a great little device that I use weekly. It make cooking eggs even simpler, next to no clean up, and fast!
 As much as I love kitchen appliances, I hate to buy them because they take up space in our small kitchen. I found that I don't get enough protein and eating eggs would help me add some to my diet. I am terrible with boiling eggs - either too cooked or undercooked. This machine creates the perfect hardboiled egg without the stress! Love love love this product.
 I am obsessed with this egg cooker. I use it every day. My only TINY complaints are that the buzzer is very loud and quite annoying sounding, and sometimes soft boiled eggs can be kinda runny depending on the size of the egg. I usually use the amount if water for soft boiled eggs and let them sit an extra minute before I take the lid off and peel them.<br/><br/>But I've told EVERYONE about this egg cooker and will never go back to life pre egg cooker!
 Great egg cooker for the price. My only complaint is that I have to completely fill the cup to get soft boiled eggs. Maybe the thermoter is off on my unit. The cup graduations are not accurate
 I was very pleased with this product. I could never get boiled eggs done right this was an easy replacement for me they have made boiled eggs easy to do
 My wife and I both like the product, and she is using it not only for eggs but also for re-heating other foods. The only thing which can be improved is the buzzer that is too loud and sound like an emergency alarm. It could have a volume adjustment or use a soft tone.  Overall, it’s a nice cute product.
 I love this little cooker! I bought it for my dad and I will be buying one for me. It is so easy to use even my 10 year old can use it. Eggs are ready in 10 minutes. It takes that long to boil the water. Peels perfectly every time and no cleaning involved. It makes the perfect gift , I will be buying more to hand out as gifts!
 I buy Christmas presents all year. When I find something that I know one of my loved ones would like, I buy it! This is one of them. And like I said before... Shhh! Let's keep it a secret 😉
 I specifically bought this to make hard boiled eggs quick and fast and perfectly textured and that’s what this does. My 12 &amp; 15 yr old make them as an after school snack when they come how from school  without any issue. Extremely user friendly and it’s a perfect size. It came smaller than I thought which is perfect because I don’t have a lot of space in my small kitchen. I can’t rate it on the omelette function because I didn’t buy it for that purpose.
 Why did I not buy one of these sooner? My life is so much easier now that I have my egg cooker and have sold 3 other people into buying one since I got mine. We make a lot of hard boiled eggs and this makes it SUPER EASY and no more boiling water. You set it and forget it. My husband also uses it almost daily to make and omelet and then when the timer goes off throws a slice of cheese on top and it melts perfectly. I will forever have an egg cooker in my life! Best purchase ever.
 I love this egg cooker. I make hard boiled eggs for my children and they devour them. This makes it literally dummy-proof to get perfect eggs each time.
 So BuzzFeed brought me here, but I almost didn't buy it because the reviews and comments said it made a ridiculous noise for the timer. Super loud. Scared the crap out of everyone. Couldn't turn it off. Can confirm that it does not make an awful sound. It sings you a cute little song. Not scary. I made 6 eggs as soon as I unpacked it a few minutes ago. Get the egg maker, it sings to you when you're sad and makes you omelettes.
 This is a really nice little appliance.  You can fix eggs without having to wait for water to boil or time them.  It does it for you.  So far I have made hardboiled eggs, and also poached eggs.  Both turned out perfect.  The hardboiled eggs are easy to peel.  Only drawback would be the "beeper" being so loud when eggs are ready.
 It consistently cooks hard boiled eggs perfectly and they are always TOTALLY easy to peel. I poached eggs for the first time today - perfect.  I have no hesitation in recommending that you buy this. And no, I got no freebies.
 I’m in love with this little egg cooker. We eat soft boiled eggs every morning. Perfectly cooked eggs I’m shocked actually. Very quick to cook, done before my coffee finishes brewing. It is very easy to clean and it’s small so I can store it anywhere. The buzzer is startling at first use.
 I can't begin to tell you how fun this product is. When I would think about having a quick breakfast, the hassle of it all would stop me. Not anymore. My first meal was cooking two soft-boiled eggs. No pan needed: measure the water, puncture the eggs, put on the tray, cover and start. Just minutes later, they're done and zero cleanup! I made an omelet in the little round pan: put in a few spinach leaves, 3 thin slices of cheddar cheese and poured on two whipped eggs. About 5 minutes later it was done and it was perfect. Amazing.<br/><br/>I will say that the beeper is VERY loud as others have noted. And it keeps beeping until stopped with a push of the 'on' button. Instead of cooking spray, I wipe a paper towel across a butter cube and lightly coat the omelet and poaching trays. It gives the tiniest bit of lubrication so the eggs just slide out when done. Plus, sprays are mostly a pile of chemicals -- NOT what the label says they are. Read 'em -- it's shocking.<br/><br/>I will say that I was surprised at how very tiny the whole thing is but it is my new 'go to' appliance for quick meal prep, especially because I like eggs for any meal. But there's a lot one can do with with other foods using this thing and I've barely begun to experiment. A brief meal guide is included and a link to a web site for more extensive meal ideas.
 I don't often write reviews because most things work like they are supposed to. But this little gadget has exceeded my expectations. I love eggs. I would be a vegan if it wasn't for eggs. But for some reason I can't master cooking them although I do make a good scramble. But in the last couple days I've been making poached eggs everyday and hard boiled came out perfectly and peeled so easily. Love this thing. I just hope it lasts cause I plan on working it to death.
 This is an incredible product if you like hard or soft boiled eggs.  It takes very little water to prepare and even has an alarm to notify when ready.<br/>This product is a must if you like eggs, perfectly prepared every time
 We like to fill the water a little a quarter of the way above medium for the perfect egg. The white is completely cooked and the yolk is just a little runny. The only issue is I've lost 4 of my fingerprints because the eggs are so hot.
 Very easy 5min omelette buzzer a little loud but i like that you cant forget it cooking if you up or downstairs will here it....wish it would fit a 2 or 3 eggs omelette but it can only fit one egg omelette but thats fine my husband loves it as well
 Very easy to use, and the hard cooked eggs turned out perfectly, first time.<br/>Additional comment 10/18: I lost one of the smaller parts, contacted support and was given excellent customer service. I am very, very pleased with this purchase.
 I didn't want another gadget.  But I was lured...and I'm happy!  I have tried countless methods to hardboil eggs with various levels of frustration. I even baked them one Easter!  So I gave up and put my trust in the reviews of this little gadget. Eggs cooked easily, beautifully, and were easy to peel.  Better yet, my husband, who HATES the smell of eggs didn't even notice I had cooked and peeled them. Victory!  And it's a tiny, cute little gadget - takes up very little room in the appliance garage.
 I love this thing! I can have fresh hard boiled eggs every day, without the hassle of boiling water and trying to figure out if they're done. However, if I'm using it to make an omelet, I have go through at least two cooking cycles. That doesn't really matter though, because that's not its primary function.
 This egg cooker is simple to use and cooks fast. Only tried the hard-boiled so far. The eggs peel very easily, far more easily than boiled in water eggs. Highly recommend
 The egg poacher part leaves a lot of water in the cup
 decent look &amp; quick to cook your egg.. my savior in the morning.<br/><br/>buzzer sound loud &amp; it enough to alarm you that your egg is ready to eat.<br/><br/>i wish it can take 8 pcs in 1 shot.<br/><br/>overall i'm happy for this product.
 This is the greatest kitchen gadget since the can opener.  Easy to operate.  Easy to clean.  Cooks eggs without the hassles of using a full size pot.  You need one of these.
 I use this egg cooker probably 5 days a week.  I poach, make omlettes and perfect hard boiled eggs with this with zero effort. Don't know where this has been all my life.  Using this is fool-proof and cleanup is simple.
 I rate this product five stars because it cooks eggs perfectly every single time. I deducted one star because the button doesn't work (broken on arrival). Fortunately the fix for this is to just plug in when we're ready to cook and unplug it when we're done; a simple and effective solution.
 It’s my most used appliance next to my coffee maker! It’s so easy, quick and makes hard boiled eggs convenient. Get one! You won’t regret it.
 It actually works! And really good too! I was a bit skeptical when I saw you had to poke a hole in the bottom of the egg, but it works fine and the egg doesn't crack open. Also, never had poached eggs before and now it's my favorite thing to make. Highly recommend this product. Makes deviled eggs take like 10min compared to boiling water, then cooling down, then peeling, and they never turn out right when I boil them but the dash cooker works perfect every time
 I love this product due to its ease of use.  I love soft boiled eggs but have always found the results hit or miss.  This is because so many factors go into timing like size of egg, temperature of egg, size of pot used to cook the eggs, number of eggs cooked, etc.  Well, with this device you can quickly figure out what works best for the eggs you use.  Here's what I have discovered.  This is based on a large Omega3 egg right out of the refrigerator:<br/><br/>1)  The "soft" level of water is inadequate to fully cook the whites of the eggs.  The first eggs I cooked on "soft" resulted in very runny whites and a barely cooked yolk.  I found the "medium" level of water worked much better.  The first time there was still some runny egg white, but the next time I placed the egg in warm water for a few minutes then cooked it at "medium".  This resulted in a fully cooked white with the yolk was still runny.<br/><br/>2)  Using the "poached" option.  This one ended up with the yolk being over done by the time the whites were no longer runny.<br/><br/>3)  The "omelet option".  I like this one the best.  I combined eggs and a little cottage cheese and mixed them well.  I then cooked the "omelet" until just done.  Yum!
 I dont know how anyone could bare using it when the alarm thats nonstop will wake the whole block!! The egg cooks perfectly but theres no way im using it again unless I can somehow damp the noise. I wished I read others review before buying but the top ones does not seem to mention about noise.
 You not only can poach eggs, you can make an omelette, hard boil them- and if eggs aren't your thing -steam broccoli or any other vegetable.
 Great little egg cooker. Simple to use. Efficient, never fails to cook with steam the eggs the way you want them. Fist glance looks like a toy but don't let it fool you. Wonderful buy.
 This thing is amazing. I've had it for quite some time now and it's so much easier than boiling eggs. The bottom has scorched a little but it's easy to use and I'm sure I could find something that would clean the bottom pretty easily. Eggs come out perfectly!
 The only prob is the scum left on the plate surface. I use Baking soda + Vinegar to get rid of it. The buzzer is kind of loud too (which is good for people like me who are most often multi tasking in other rooms).
 You need this!  I mean if they charged twice as much for this it would still be a huge bargain. Greatest thing we have bought for the kitchen in years. If you use one time it will pay for itself. I don’t see how anyone could not love this product.
 This little thing is amazing. Use it at work for quick lunch breaks all the time, people love it so much I bought one to leave in the break room! Gave one to my college student daughter and she loves it too. We have been giving then as birthday gifts and every single person is so happy with it. Absolutely worth the money if eggs are in your diet!
 Worked perfect for some months,  but now I have to add a tad extra water and leave the lid on for 2 minutes longer to make perfectly cooked hard-boiled eggs.  I immediately immerse them in ice water after cooking and they are easy to peel and perfectly cooked 100% of the time. This had 3 definitely made my life easier!
 So far loving the egg cooker.  I’m not keen on the noise it makes when it is done but after reading the reviews I thought it would be much worse.  You do need to poke the hole on the bottom of the egg if you do it on the top it will crack or leak out.  I have not tried the other omelette features it says it can do so can not vouch for those.  I’m not sure why the other colors cost more.
 Soft/Medium/Hard boiled eggs works really well, wish I bought the bigger one to do 12 at a time.. as for the omelette and poached feature - not so great
 PROS<br/>It works, it was cheap, I eat a lot more hard boiled eggs now<br/><br/>CONS<br/>It does take longer than expected when the cooker is full of eggs.  The timer alarm sounds like a smoke detector and my dog hates that.  I still get the green yoke which is merely unsightly
 OK, maybe I'm crazy, but I just love this little gadget.<br/><br/>When boiling an egg, in a pot I never seem to get them to turn out right. With this little beauty, they turn out perfect and peeling them is not a pain in the ass. The little measuring cup, with the eggshell perforator might not be the fanciest thing, but it gets the job done.
 This product is doing its job like a champ. Easy to use and easy to clean. It looks like it made by a cheap plastic. But for this money its worth. only draw back I can find is , after it done the buzzer will go off, then we need to stop the cooker manually. Instead of beeping buzzer, they can make it turn off automatically.<br/>One good thing is ..easy to peel the eggshell by using this cooker.
 The cooker arrived with a broken handle, so it is not very durable. However, it makes the perfect hard boiled eggs in no time with no mess. The shells come off so easy. I love this! I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the broken handle.
 This tiny, good-looking egg cooker does a great job. Perfect, easy-to-peel hard boiled eggs every time. The only problem is the buzzer that goes off when the eggs are done: it is extremely annoying. What an obnoxious sound!! They really need to fix that.
 I love this little egg cooker. I set it and forget it. I prepare my salad or my breakfast bagel while the eggs cook to perfection. When the timer sounds, I remove the hard-boiled eggs and drop them into an ice bath for a few minutes. So easy to peel. The omelets are perfect and easy to make. No waiting for a pot of water to boil and no adjusting the burner heat.
 Life changingly  awesome.  Easiest way in the world to make a very healthy and very inexpensive breakfast.  No cleanup and no effort of any kind on your part.  Great way to make breakfast for work for the next few days all in about 10 minutes.
 Easy to put eggs on this allows me to do other breakfast jobs. So all parts of breakfast are served at the same time and hot. Eggs are so so easy to peel. Used over the holidays to make deviled eggs. Saved so much time not having to struggle peeling eggs. Shells just fell off. Took it to my sisters over holidays. Really helped in making breakfast for 8 adults and 4 kids. My sister and sister in law have each one for their kitchen.
 Very easy to use. I ignore the part about poking holes in the eggs and it works fine. The only downside is the alarm that goes off when the eggs are done- it is extremely loud, like a fire alarm or something.
 Cute and helpful appliance. Seems sturdy, makes good soft boiled and hard boiled eggs, also poached and scrambled.Easy to clean. Easy to store.
 This is the best thing, now I don’t have to worry about over boiling I use this all the time and eggs come out perfect every time👍🏻🙂
 It takes much longer to get the type of egg I want than what the instructions say, so it's been a guessing game to get soft-boiled or hard-boiled to be what I expect them to bed, therefore it's just as easy to do on the range as with this egg cooker.  However, it does have a loud signal when the unit thinks it has achieved the specified doneness
 The heating element only heats on one side.  I'm having trouble getting hard boiled eggs to cook correctly.  No matter how i change the measurement of the water, they are either under-cooked or over cooked with grey around the yolk.  Soft boiled eggs are easier because their progress can be viewed through the clear dome cover, but I still have to "baby" them, so it's not a time saver over cooking them in water.
 I fell in love with softboiled eggs on vacation. I’m still trying to figure this thing out a little but so far I love it! I can make eggs in no time!
 Got this for a coworker as Christmas present. He decided to keep it in the office and no we have eggs for breakfast everyday. Easy to use and clean
 I can't say enough positive things about this.  It cooks the eggs quickly  And they come out tasting fabulous.!<br/> This is the  ONLY  Way to make hard-boiled eggs.  I would never go back to boiling eggs again.  I don't know why more people don't talk about this product.  The only thing I would do different is go find the same appliance that holds more eggs.
 I love this product. It’s a great investment that I ever made. Easy to clean. Don’t have to mess up a pan to boil eggs. Small so it doesn’t take much counter space. I love it.
 I really like this little egg cooker. I leave it out on my kitchen counter because I think it's cute, cute, cute! Cooks eggs just as it's supposed to and the tray the eggs sit in is very convenient for handling the hot eggs. I wouldn't mind if I had a color choice, but I would certainly purchase again.
 As one of the hilarious reviews at the start mentioned it has a mighty whistle for such a little guy but so easy to use. A couple of tips. When poaching make sure you drain the eggs when finished. It accumulates water. I also live in an area with hard water so I add a little white vinegar to the water so it doesn’t have a mineral buildup on the heating pad.
 I bought this because I hated wasting water and energy boiling eggs. Needless to say, this is perfect and gets the job done. Only complaint is that the buzzer is super annoying. Lol.
 It will cook 6 eggs in 15 minutes.  Takes up very little counter space and eggs turn out perfect every time.<br/>Love, love, love it!
 This makes great hard-boiled eggs.  The poached eggs I made were pretty raw so if I made those again I'd make sure they cook longer somehow.  It seems to turn off when the water has mostly evaporated or something, so I'd use more water for poaching.  It's worth it for the hard-boil though.
 Breakfast has never been easier. This egg cooker is so simple to use and is very cute. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the buzzer on it is pretty obnoxious.
 I learned with this, that I love the smell of slightly cooked eggshells. They smell like butter to me for some reason. Having hard boiled eggs quickly with little cleanup is also very nice. Very simple to use. We use it daily. Eggs are easy to peel.
 I am not the best in the kitchen, so anything that helps me is a great thing.  I was able to make perfect hard boiled eggs with this. I also made soft boiled eggs with no problem. It's easy to use and easy to clean up. I store it in my kitchen cabinet so it's always ready for when I need it. Great product.
 I was so excited to receive this for Christmas but it doesn’t even work. We made poached eggs exactly how the directions said- super easy instructions but they came out over cooked on top and not cooked at all and completely runny underneath
 I used the egg cooker twice last week when I received it and it worked great- perfect soft boiled eggs! The third and fourth times the whites of the eggs came out more runny and soft and not what I expected. I thought I’d try again this week to see if maybe it was user error but the same thing happened this week as well- more runny whites. Probably returning unless someone has suggestions.
 This is my favorite kitchen gadget! I bought it since I am doing a Whole 30 diet, and I am eating a lot of eggs. I have poached, hard boiled, medium boiled, and even made an omelette using this thing. I use it daily. If you like eggs I suggest it. If you like saving on water I suggest it. It uses so little water versus putting them on the stove. I cannot say enough good things about it.
 This thing is the best! It makes hard boiled eggs so fast and they always turn out perfect. You can also do omelettes which is awesome!
 A foolproof way to get consistent hard boiled eggs.  This little gem does a good job and I love the fact that I can set it up, walk away, and return when the timer goes off.  Easy!  My only disappointment is that the buzzer at the end of the cycle is loud and annoying. It's hard to ignore, so good in that regard. Don't cook eggs when others don't want to be disturbed though.
 The best hard boiled eggs. Quick easy set up. Don’t forget to add the water and piece the eggs as directed. Ready in 16 min. Put eggs in ice water for a couple min. after. Peel easy and taste great. Haven’t tried other ways yet. A great purchase.
 I LOVE THIS APPLIANCE!!!!! I have NEVER had such perfect hard boiled eggs every time I use it. And it is so simple. Whether you want one or six it is so easy and perfect every time. I highly recommend it. The cleanup is also super easy and simple! If you like hard boiled eggs, BUY THIS PRODUCT.
 The best this since sliced bread. A friend posted on facebook that they had purchased one of these. I decided the give it a try. This makes the best Soft and Hard Boiled eggs. No more Boiling a pot of water and then having to set a timer. So easy to use. I use it 4 to 5 times a week. It is a must have in the Kitchen
 I got this to just see if it really worked as I have been trying to find something that would fix my breakfast fast in the mornings. Not only does it cook quick and makes so many styles of eggs, they are also good! This was money well spent.
 I am very satisfied with this product.  It shuts itself off automatically.  Eggs are cooked thoroughly and peel effortlessly.  I love it.
 It works OK, but the "alarm" when cooking is complete is SO loud and SO terrible that you better be standing right there when it's done or people will think there's an animal being slaughtered (and you have to shut it off manually!). Jeez. I'd return it if I had kept the packaging.
 I have used it once so far, and it was great. Very easy to use and clean, and it makes delicious soft boiled eggs pretty fast. I definitely recommend it.
 Years ago I had an egg cooker. It was fairly large but worked well. I took a chance on this one and have to say it is a perfect egg cooker!!! I bought one for my sister and she is ecstatic. I would recommend this product to anyone!!! It's small enough to fit anywhere which is also wonderful!!!
 This is the kitchen appliance of your dreams. The best dorm or office device. Simple to use and easy to clean. All options work well for eggs but also convenient for cooking small quantities of other foods with minimum cleanup and does not tie up workspace or stovetop. Runs from any available outlet.
 My coworker recommended this, and I'm so glad she did. Very easy way to have perfect hard-boiled eggs that are actually easy to peel. I've tried dozens of methods for making the peeling easy, but nothing worked. And I didn't think I'd ever buy another kitchen gadget/appliance, but I'm glad I bought this. Incredibly handy for summer cooking.
 When I first got this thing, I was hesitant because it looks so funny! But it is great! Cooks eggs well for poaching (which is a what I do mostly) and for boiled eggs! It was recommended to me by a friend! I have the small one but it would’ve beneficial to have the larger one if you cook for a lot of people!
 This little gadget works great for hard boiled as well as nice soft boiled eggs and omelets.  I would agree with other reviewers that the timer is really loud and makes me jump when it goes off but that's not a reason to dislike the product.  For the price this was a great buy.
 I didn't believe the hype until I bought it for myself. My boiled eggs come out perfect EVERY TIME. Trust me this is not one of those kitchen products you buy to make life easier that just ends up sitting on top of the cabinet collecting dust. If you are a deviled egg / hard boiled egg / omelet lover, YOU NEED THIS.
 I almost liked it as it was so easy to use and food comes out good.<br/>But when it's done it start makes beep and maybe water sensor is broken for my item but beep doesn't stop. I hope there was a way to turn off the alarm manually but they don't.<br/>I think it's bad feature to continue alarm sound until the sensor think it's all done. I had to wipe everything out manually then still had to wait another 2 minutes for it to stop the alarm.
 Cooks eggs perfectly.  The unit had a minor defect.  I tried contacting the seller but did not get a response.  Would have been 5 stars if I had received a response.
 Very easy operate and clean up.  Small size doesn't take up much counter space.  Our son actually enjoys cooking an omelette in the round tray.  Takes only 8 minutes.
 This thing is great. We make boiled eggs a lot, my wife thought it was pretty funny because I gave it as a Christmas gift from our 2-year-old, who loves boiled eggs. It really is a big improvement over boiling them in a pot.
 This little machine makes perfect eggs. The eggshells come off so easily. I love it so much I talked my sister into buying one too!
 Love this little egg cooker so much. Bought one for a friend for Christmas and he loved it so much that I bought one for myself. Today I just ordered one for my sister who has lots of chickens. It is amazing. I love it. So easy to use and perfect poached eggs
 Works great, but the buzzer sounds like a nuclear attack warning.  Seriously- my dog is traumatized. Whenever I use this now, she barks at it and won’t leave my side. It’s that awful.  Even though this works perfectly well,  I’ll be purchasing a new machine from another manufacturer.
 Makes hardboiled eggs a no brainer, perfect every time.
 Got this for my daughter as I already have one and love it.  She loves it too.  The eggs come out perfect every time and peel easily.
 hardboiled and pouched works well, omelet not so great<br/>when it's done cooking, it makes terribly noisy beep … they need to improve that like a "peep peep" or "cook-a-doodle"
 i only have deviled eggs twice a year - thanksgiving and christmas - bought this egg cooker and the eggs came out PERFECT  HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS IF YOU LIKE DEVILED EGGS - .
 Takes a little time to figure out how much water you need to get your eggs the way you want them. The guide is helpful, but not perfect. Still, I'm pleased with this purchase.
 I always seem to cook eggs longer than I should, this is a really neat way of not doing that. The alert is loud and will definitely get your attention once they're done..I don't know if the alert will eventually go off on its own.. other than that this is a great buy!
 I use this all the time to make hard boiled eggs, works great. Much easier than the regular on the stove top way of doing things. Set them up, forget them and then they're done. Quicker &amp; easier. You can also make poached eggs, soft boiled eggs, fried egg, etc. Fun and useful kitchen gadget to have on hand.
 found that it took a couple cooks instead of one to cook one scrambled egg.  it wasn't done after 1 full cook.  overall ill probably just go back to the skillet.  Doesn't hold very much.
 I love this thing.  I like having hard boiled eggs and making egg salad sandwiches from time to time but being a bachelor its kinda a hassle to boil a few eggs at a time.  This thing is awesome, super easy to use, fast, almost no cleanup.  I bought another for a family member.  Great purchase.
 This thing is pretty fricken awesome! Cooks the eggs fast and the shells come off super easy!! Going to get one for my co-worker for Christmas!
 I love the design and the ease of use but it quit on the 4th time I tried to use it.  If thought it was a one time thing, I would get another because of the variety in use
 this works fantastic, i got it for my brother because he’s been on this egg kick since he started working out and he loves it, a little smaller than i expected but that just helps for storage space! would order again!!
 This item is a lifesaver!  I am obsessed with it!  I am trying to get more protein in my diet and use hard boiled eggs a lot.  Cooking them was always a bit of a pin, with pots and waiting for water to boil.  This thing is a must...add a little water, place the eggs in...push a button and leave it to cook.  It beeps when done!  Easy!!!
 I use it 3-4 times a week. Excellent value and easy to use.  Chop and store some veggies for quick easy omelets. I reccomend this product.
 I use the daylights out of egg cookers, and got this to replace one that died of exhaustion. It does hard, medium, and soft boiled eggs easily - add the right amount of water, press the button, and it's ready when the alarm sounds. The alarm is loud enough to hear from another room, but not so loud that it wakes up sleeping family members.
 Who knew that you could love an egg cooker! Purchased as a cyber deal and our life immediately improved. Should you buy? YES!!
 I've only boiled eggs in it, but it works very well. Not a fan of the VERY loud alarm that indicates eggs are done. A buzzer would have been fine; this sounds louder than a smoke alarm! Hopefully, I can figure out how to mute or disable it... It is nice to have predictably perfect eggs though - very convenient.
 I've only had this little gem for a week but already I love it!  As we live on a farm and have chickens we have quite a few eggs to be collected daily.  I love hard boiled eggs but it seems little I always boil them too long or not long enough.  A friend of ours recently told us about his egg cooker and how well it worked so I thought we'd try one out.  I am able to boil six large-jumbo sized eggs in about thirteen minutes.  I keep it in the egg cooker for a minute longer after the buzzer goes off.  So far I have used them to make egg salad, deviled eggs, and (of course) hard boiled eggs.  Amazing!  Now I can make a few deviled eggs for myself and don't have to make up a whole tray of them.  The best part of this little machine is that for some reason the egg shells peel off easier.  The egg cooker is quite small so it doesn't take up much space and everything that comes with it stores inside.  You can also cook omelets and poach eggs with the included trays but so far I am just happy using it for hard boiled eggs.  This is a great little investment for under $20.
 Great egg cooker! It shuts off automatically, however it has a loud buzzer, letting me know when the eggs are done. I wished activating the buzzer, (or not) could be a choice (a switch); this way I still have to go to the egg cooker in order to turn the buzzer off.<br/>Otherwise I'm very happy with this product.
 Very surprised by this device. I only cook two eggs at a time and you have to watch the water so you don't over cook. Also, make sure to unplug once it's done or it'll start another round of cooking. Overall very worth it.
 Love it.  Works perfect. I love hard boiled eggs that are super easy to peel. I filled measuring cup it comes with to the very top and it cooked them perfect.
 My eggs come out perfectly the way I like them. The only thing I have noticed so far, which is by no means a problem, is that sometimes I have to add extra water if I am doing larger sized eggs in order to get them completely hard boiled. But It is the perfect size and all the accessories store right inside so it takes up very little space in my cupboard. So  much easier than using a sauce pot and an egg timer. And they peel so easily. Definitely would purchase again.
 Good way to boil eggs. Can only get 5 jumbo eggs under the dome, but 6 large eggs fit fine. Good price and boiled eggs are reasonably healthy for some of use - one each morning for me as a diabetic. Good price
 I bought 1 for home and 1 for work. This thing cuts all the guess work out of making hard boiled eggs. I even just bought one for my office White Elephant in a few weeks with requests from Co workers. I'm going to wrap this thing up a few times and enjoy watching them try to open it.
 I bought one for me and love it so I bought one as a gift for my grandparents and they loved it they bought one for my aunt.
 This egg cooker is so compact which I love and it makes perfect hard boiled eggs that are so easy to peel.<br/>However it doesn't shut off automatically as the manual states. Instead the awful sounding alarm just keeps going which is disturbing. I had to return it because I think auto shut off is a crucial function for an egg cooker.
 Ordered this for hard boiled eggs. They cook quickly and perfectly every time, and easy to peel. The omelet pan is just the right size for breakfast sandwiches.  Easy to clean and operates easily. Highly recommend it!  I ordered the aqua. Why is it so much more expensive now? I paid 14.99
 Amazing<br/>Life changing<br/>Perfect eggs every time<br/>So in love with this product<br/>A must buy<br/>Easy to clean
 This item was smaller than I expected but it is the perfect size for 6 eggs and if you follow the directions makes perfect hard boiled eggs that are super easy to peal. I did not expect the results I got but I'm really impressed with the results. I highly recommend this item!
 Bought it on a whim (the story of my life with Amazon.) This thing is awesome! Even with eggs fresh from my chickens they peel easier than I have ever seen.
 I'm not sure why there are so many positive reviews (are they fake and paid for?) My omelet was horribly undercooked and unsafe for consumption.
 Item is exactly as described and cooks eggs perfectly in half the time of the traditional pot with boiling water.
 Perfect Hard Boiled Eggs. I find it odd to have to pierce the egg. Very simple and easy to use. I’m anxious to try the omelette feature.
 I use this primarily for boiled eggs and I love the convenience of not having to drag a pot out every time I want to eggs.  Also, with the steaming function, the eggs peel with ease.
 So easy. So quick. So cheap. So absolutely essential!!  I love this thing.<br/>P.S. The alarm on my unit isn't bad at all.
 My family loves this product. Works well and is pretty easy to make hard boiled eggs with it. Can’t wait to try to make an omelet using it.
 Love,love,love,love!!!!!! This product is great!! Makes the perfect poached and hard boiled eggs!! The eggs are so easy to peel when they are hard boiled! My kids loves the soft boiled and runny scrambled eggs. I highly recommend this! It cools eggs super fast with no mess!
 I was skeptical about this Egg Cooker till I actually used it.  It has very accurate instructions and makes Hard Boiling Eggs, quick and painless.  All you have to do is measure out the amount of water specified for the types of eggs you would like (Hard, Medium, Soft) poke a hole in the egg with the provided needle, and then sit and wait for the time to go off after you initiated the cooking button.
 Perfect for work, I bring in a dozen eggs leave them in the fridge, Makes perfect softball eggs, hard-boiled eggs, the omelettes are OK but it’s not quite big enough now is it? At least not for my appetite, which is moderate
 Nifty little appliance that doesn't take up much space. I needed to leave the eggs in a little longer than the timer indicated, but otherwise I'm very pleased. I ordered one for my parents, as well.
 Works great. No more forgotten eggs, or undercooked, or overcooked. Just be sure to follow the directions. I have peeled several dozen eggs cooked with the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker and all peeled rapidly and perfectly. One of life's problems.....solved.
 This product works really well - does a great job cooking eggs. Deducted one star for the horrible sensor alarm. Why they would stick with this alarm when they are getting the kind of feedback from customers is beyond me
 This thing works awesome.  So easy to use.  My ONLY complaint is the sound of the buzzer when it's done.  The buzzer always startles me ( which I guess is the point).  It's really loud.  I just wish it made less of a nose and then shut off.
 If you are like me and eat eggs every day then you need this! Total time savor and less dishes! My eggs come out perfect almost every time. And if they are not done all the way I just leave them in there longer and boom perfect eggs It’s very easy to use. I gave it 4 stars because of the awful noise it makes to let you know it’s done cooking.
 I love eating eggs in almost any fashion and when I saw this appliance listed I moved swiftly to buy one.  I am now in egg heaven and it makes preperation so easy.
 I love this egg cooker!!!! Makes the eggs perfect.  I would usually use eggs that were a little older so they would peel for hard boiled eggs.  With this machine I can use eggs I bought the same day!  Only down side it I usually cannot fit six eggs in there but really not a big deal because the eggs turn out great!
 Got this on a lightning deal. Wasn’t overly impressed with it but it seems to get used by our cook 3 times or more a week.
 What a time saver.  This is literally a product you can assemble in less than a minute.  After adding your eggs, you put on the lid, hit the one button, and forget about it.  When the eggs are done, the buzzer will go off until you turn it off.  The eggs have cooked perfectly every time and the peel comes off boiled eggs so easily.  Best gadget purchase of the decade for me!
 Okay, I saw these and thought, "What kind of a person would buy and egg cooker when there are pans in the kitchen?" so I must now apologize.  This little device cooks the eggs perfectly AND (best of all) makes peeling farm or store bought eggs a snap!
 Easy to use. I'm such a klutz with boiling eggs I had to buy this to do it for me. I was surprised it actually worked perfectly! There are other things you can do with it but I've only tried hard boiled eggs. Did I say how perfect it cooked them? Just go by the directions exactly or you'll end up with soft boiled or over cooked eggs.
 I love boiled eggs and have tried every conceivable way to get the perfect boiled egg. I purchased the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker with a wing and a prayer! It’s wonderful! I get six 16 minuets eggs, perfect every time. Finally!
 I used it the day I got it.  Fantastic
 There is nothing I hate more than receiving a product that is missing parts. The annoyance of wasting MY time waiting for an item to then have to return the item wasting more of MY time packing it up and then working out how to send it back. This machine arrived with the key bit-the egg boiling tray, so back it goes wasting everyone’s time.
 I was picked to make deviled eggs for my daughter’s Christmas party, so I used my new egg cooke. It was so easy and great, and so fast!!
 Works!!!! I buy 2 of this and yeah it works.... Easy to use and if you follow the included guide all works as intended.<br/>It's small, and make 6 eggs in 9 minutes perfectly.<br/>Preparing poch and omelet its different because the water needed its no sufficient to prepare it perfectly. I add more water and I know the real measure of it.<br/><br/>Nice, cheap, well made.
 Love it!!!<br/> I've used this unit every week since I purchased it. I bought one for a friend recently! I would highly recommend this egg cooker to ANYONE who regularly enjoys boiled eggs. You can also regulate how hard boiled the yolk is.
 Gifted my daughter with this as she moves into an apartment style dormitory. She LOVES it! The cooker is easy to use and gets used a lot! An excellent (eggcellent?) purchase!
 Good but there is no auto-off and its mentioned in the product details. Am i missing something? Checked the product and manual but no info about it.
 Convenient and quick with no mess. Clean the salt deposit die to water with Vinegar. Best purchase for healthy breakfast. The loud whistle feature actually works bets for us as we normally used to forget to turn the gas range off when boiling eggs on the range. By buying this product we have saved burning of pots!!
 Nice product. Hard boiled eliminates several steps for the final result. Poaching left the eggs a little under cooked, thus the 4 star.
 This product is amazing. Pour a little water in, put 6 eggs in their spots, cook for 5 min, boom, perfect hard boiled eggs.
 I love this little egg cooker! Although I have had to play with the water measurements to find the right cook time for "poached" style eggs, everything else has been great. I am now eating an egg every morning since it can cook easily while I'm doing the rest of my morning routine. If I were to change one thing, I would want one that isn't primarily plastic.
 I've had mine for awhile now and the loud alarm sound it makes is so annoying. I like making hard "steamed" eggs in the morning before work and it would be nice to set it, hop in the shower and have protein ready for a simple breakfast but you must be ready in about 10-15mins since this whole sound off like a miniature fire drill. Please make something with a switch release timer where one can set eggs with peace of mind Dash.
 My new favorite kitchen appliance! Makes perfect hard boiled eggs. I haven’t had any problems with poking holes in the bottom of the eggs. The only thing I don’t care for is the timer alarm. It’s loud and annoying. My daughter thinks it sounds like a smoke alarm.
 I've had a metal egg cooker of my grandma's for years.  This is cheap plastic crap from China.  It's so flimsy.  The needle to pierce the egg is a separate part.  The water measurer is a separate part.  I couldn't get the lid to latch because it was such cheap plastic.  It's awful.  I bought one as a wedding registry gift and one for myself.  And I'm returning both of them.<br/>Don't waste your money or time!
 WHY I HAVE NOT KNOW THIS SOONER? WITH 4 CHILDREN IN THE HOUSE, 3 TEENAGERS GUSS WHAT ITS THE BEST ITEM I BOUGHT SO FAR THIS YEAR. FOR LATE NIGHT SNACKS, QUICK MORNING RUSH BREAKFAST OR JUST THE HECK OF IT ,, WHO CAN PREP 6 BEATIFULY BOILED/COOKED EGG IN LESS THEN THE TIME IT TOOK ME WRITE THIS REVIIEW? NO ONE NOT EVEN YOUR MOTHER IN LAW. ITS QUICK, ITS EASY, ITS HEALTHY, ITS TIME SAVER, WATER SAVER!!!!!!!!!! WATER SAVER, GAS COOKER SAVER, POT SAVER.<br/>FORGET THE BAD REVIEWS, SOME PEOPLE ARE BORN TO COMPLAIN, SET YOUR 6 EGGS IN THIS COOKER, ( I DID NOT EVEN HAD TO PINCH THE BOTTOM OF THE EGGS, THEY COOKED JUST FINE WITHOUT NEEDLE PINCHING WITH ATTACHED NEEDLE) SET YOUR 6 EGG POUR THE AMOUNT OF WATER( 3-5 TSP) WITH THE ATTACHED TINY WATER MEASURE CUP, CLOSE LID, PUSH BUTTON AND WALK AWAY ( OR YOU CAN STARE AT THE MAGICAL ITEM WITH AMAZED EYES HOW IIN 22 YEARS OF MY MOTHERHOOD I HAVE NOT GIVE CREDIT TO BUY THIS :)) AND BY THE TIME YOU FINISHED STARING 6 STEAMING BEATIFUL BOILED EGGS ( SOFT CENTER, MEDIUM OR HARD DEPENDS ON THE AMAOUNT OF WATER YOU ADDED) ITS READY TO BE PICKED UP AND GOBBLED BY YOUR HUNGRY TEENAGERS. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR, BUY THIS MINI MAID TODAY!!<br/><br/>UPDATE: Today I have purchased my 2. one from this page :) its a sad moment when your COLLEGE KID TAKES AWAY YOUR EGG COOKER TO HIS DORM ROOM :) then I had to purchase a 2. one today. BUY THIS LITTLE THING, YOU CANT GO WRONG!!!!
 This is the second one I have purchased....I liked it so much that I decided to give it as a birthday gift to a friend of mine.  She recently told me how much she likes it and relieved that she no longer has to go through the old process of waiting for water to boil, etc, etc.....She loves it:-)
 This is a Great product and cooks very accurately for the way you want the eggs cooked just by the amount of water used.
 This is the best.  Love hard boiled eggs but dont make them that often.  Now I do.  The poached eggs came out perfect too.<br/>Dont take up much real estate on the counter or cupboard.  Just sent one as a gift to my brother.
 I just started using this a week ago and it is amazing. I have never been able to make medium boiled eggs perfectly and this will do the trick every time, not matter how many eggs you're trying to make. Plus you don't need very much water since you're basically steaming the eggs. I put this on my garlic noodles today and it was so good with the egg whites perfectly cooked and some of the gooey yoke falling soaking the noodles :)<br/><br/>However it doesn't do poached eggs as well as restaurants do. They were a little too runny for me. If you're only buying this for poached eggs, this might not be for you, but for the hard and medium boiled eggs :D :D :D
 I love this egg cooker, the buzzer is a little loud, but thats ok with me.  Eggs come out just as described. I use this all the time now weather I'm making scrambled, poached or hard boiled (haven't tried soft boiled yet) and i love that i can steam veggies in it too... AND it is so  compacted, easy to store. One of the best little investments I've made
 Amber Alert!!! The egg poacher works just fine... but for some reason the manufacturer has chosen an ear drum splitting sound only replicated by Amber Alerts to signify the eggs are done.  There is no button to silence the alert.  The only remedy is to unplug the device.  The first time I used it I searched in vain for 30 seconds for a button to silence the shrill call to no avail.  Please fix!!  I need to know when a real emergency is occurring.
 I have only had the cooker a couple of weeks. It makes perfect hard-boiled eggs. I have not tried to poach eggs or make omelets.
 My kids will eat hard boiled eggs in their lunches and this works great. Perfect eggs every time, and fast. You need to use only 'Large' Eggs, though. Extra Large Eggs won't fit!
 Does the job but usually steams off all the water prior to fully hard boil/steaming a few eggs if it is not filled to an almost overfilled level of water.
 This product is amazing! I'm in love with hard-boiled eggs, but always struggled to cook them properly. Whether I cook them too little, or too much, or even to the point where I've forgotten about them and they exploded all over the kitchen, this product is something that I needed in my life. It's so easy to use and just about foolproof. All you do is add water using a measuring cup that's easily labeled for soft or hard boiled eggs, poke the bottom with heat included egg poker, and push the on button. It automatically shuts off when the water is gone and your eggs are ready. Not only that, but they feel so easy! I haven't yet tried The Omelette or egg poacher tools that are also included, but if it does half as good a job as the egg boiler then I know it will be great. For the price, this item is a necessity for anybody that likes quick, easy, properly cooked hard boiled eggs! A kitchen must have!
 I love this thing! It is so easy to use and makes great tasting eggs every time.<br/>After I tried it out for myself and loved the results, I bought one for my mom and she uses it every single day. I bought it just before Christmas and we both love our egg cookers.
 Started using this two days ago and I found this product to be interesting. Definitely better and quicker than traditional egg boiling. This product does not create any spillage around the kitchen counter after usage. Didn't clean it yet but looks pretty easy process to me. Yet to try recipes from the complementary cookbook.<br/><br/>P.S: Please read the instructions carefully before use as it has lots of Do's &amp; Don'ts.
 This little egg cooker works great!  Perfect every time.  One thing that is written in the directions that I didn't know or read from other reviews was to sink the eggs in a bowl of ice water for a bit after there are cooked for hard boiled eggs.  This makes it super easy to remove the shell from the egg.  Didn't realize either that you had to poke the bottom of the egg (with supplied poker) then cook them bottom up.  Good tips provided in the supplied instructions.  It's a keeper.
 Love this egg cooker! I throw some eggs in it and they cook as I get ready in the morning, so convenient! The shells peel right off the egg (of course, I still use the ice water trick). Eggs have been cooked perfectly every time! And it’s TINY. Fits the eggs in it just fine, but takes up minimal counter space!<br/>Only downside is the timer alarm sounds terrifying hahaha. But at least you won’t miss it!
 This is my second Dash egg cooker. First one lasted about five years of frequent use. Perfect little kitchen gadget. Would give it five starts if it wasn't for the new feature: a super annoying alarm. Don't know why auto shutoff feature was not enough. This thing literally sounds like a smoke alarm. Loud enough for the neighbor's dog to start going crazy every time.
 So far I am so impressed with this product. I like it thinking n buying for a friend.
 Nice product.  Easy process. Hard boiled eggs come out perfect and easy peel.  Remember to cool them in ice water immediately when alarm turns on
 This cooker does what it is said to do.  I bang out omlets and hard boiled eggs like there is no tomorrow.  My first omlet was a bit runny, but I let it set a minute before removing &amp; it's perfect every time!  Peeling after a cold bath, no ice is fantastic.  Can't go wrong for the money...
 Love this easy way to make eggs! Can make many types and in minutes! The alarm is a little annoying but gets the job done. So easy to use, well worth it.
 I absolutely love this egg cooker. I will never again eat hard boiled eggs! (unless I really feel like it :) )The eggs come out cooked perfectly every time, exactly the way you want them, and the fact that I can have poached eggs in a fracture of the time I'd need to cook them on stove top puts this egg cooker all the way to the top of my favorite gadgets list.
 Works as advertised. You have to experiment somewhat with the amount of water you use. But, the results are worth it.
 It does the job. I’ve never peeled hard boiled eggs easier. I recommend it to anyone in the market for such a gadget.
 I am absolutely delighted with this egg cooker. Finally I can make hard boiled eggs that peel easily in a matter of minutes. Easy to follow instructions for other ways to cook eggs. Put the eggs in, cover, and the self-timer goes off when they’re done.
 I am really happy with this egg cooker.  So easy to hard boil eggs. My biggest problem was putting enough water  to get the eggs hard.trial and error.  I tried an omelette  but it also did not get done. It will take a few times to get it right.
 I absolutely love this item. The poaching tray is fantastic—a great result without the mess of a water bath! It makes perfect hard boiled eggs. Great for the RV! The only thing I have taken issue with is that I have had occasional scorching on the metal heating piece, but I believe that may be a result of the surface I cook on (it may not be totally level). The end of cycle “buzzer” could definitely be improved; it’s a real screecher.
 Love this! We have been using it non-stop since we bought it for hard boiled eggs. It is one of the best little gadgets I’ve ever owned!
 I use this everyday!! What bang for your buck!!! Timer and buzzer alert but shuts itself off till you get to it. I hop in the shower get out and bam breakfast is ready.
 Well packaged and easy to use.  Wish I would have had this years ago when my kids were younger.  For hard boil eggs this is the best thing since sliced bread.  No more standing at the sink with water running trying to peel the shell only to end up with 1/2 the egg. I had oukd recommend this egg cooker.
 I adorr this little machine!! I've never been able to make perfect medium HB eggs, and this does the trick!!  Only giving 4 stars bc the "finished" sound is awful lol.
 We use this several times a week for hard boiled eggs. Really easy to use and doesn’t need a lot of water. Bought another as a gift.
 I have never mastered hard boiling eggs however with this product, they are perfect! I've even made poached eggs, which I've only ever had in a restaurant. Super easy to use and clean.  I highly recommend purchasing this product.
 We have chickens, and this helps hard boil some of the eggs we get daily. I LOVE it! The omelette feature is OKAY, not great. But it deserves FIVE STARS for the perfect hard boiled eggs made with minimal effort. The eggs peel easy, too.
 They cook the eggs just fine, but the alarm when they are done cooking is insane. It's louder than any other alarm in my kitchen and ungodly. My roommates think there's a fire alarm going off whenever I cook eggs.<br/><br/>If this isn't a problem for you, I would buy this product, but it's kept me from using it repeatedly.
 Love this damned thing even though the "finished" alarm is absolutely the most shrill, terrifying sound you've ever heard and WILL NOT turn off until you unplug the bastard so, 4/5 from me for that. Remember "the most annoying sound in the world" from "Dumb and Dumber"? Yeah. That. That exactly.
 I like hard boiled eggs. This makes it so easy! I fill the little measuring cup to the top and wait a couple of minutes before I take off the top. Perfect.
 Bought this for my husband after he literally messed up almost a dozen eggs trying to hard boil them for our daughter's school lunch. Seriously. Almost an entire dozen. Hahaha.<br/>These is so ridiculously easy! Just pour in the water, pop on the lid, push the button and walk away. We love this!
 Purchased for my younger grandson, 8yo who loves boiled eggs but won't eat the yolk. Said he'd mail them to me!!!!! Would purchase again.<br/>Grandson likes to do it himself!!!!!
 I usually hard boil my eggs for breakfast. When I cook one egg, it seems to come out a bit underdone. When I cook more eggs, it gets closer to hardboiled. It is consistent in that if I keep the number of eggs cooked the same, they always come out at the same level of doneness. Instructions don't specify a change in water with a change in number of eggs.  It's nice to know that the device shuts off on its own, but I wish I could turn the buzzer off as well, or at least control the volume. I wish they could've opted for a more pleasant tone. All in all, a convenient device if you plan on cooking eggs regularly.
 This makes perfect hard boiled eggs (after testing and adjusting amount of water) in less time than boiling.  The eggs were easy to peel which is a great feature.
 Awesome. Cooks perfectly and easy to peel. Easy to control for hard boil, soft boil. And yes, the buzzer is so loud it’s funny but I totally appreciate it cause I’m easily distracted
 Does everything as advertised. Easy as pie with no mess to boil eggs. I especially like the poached egg tray and it works wonderfully. Much safer for elderly people. No pot of boiling water on stove!!!
 Love this little thing! I love that it buzzes when the eggs are done, because I get distracted very easily. I also love that you can choose soft or hard boiled.
 I don't know if my egg cooker is defective but I've been trying to get this right for almost 3 weeks now. I was so excited to have a quick easy way to make soft boiled eggs in the morning but I just can't seem to get it right.<br/><br/>If put in two eggs and enough water for soft eggs and they come out barely cooked. If I put in two eggs and enough water for medium eggs and they come out with extremely runny whites. I put 2 eggs and enough water for hard boiled eggs and they come out hard boiled. I just can't get a soft boiled egg out of this appliance.<br/><br/>I've even tried timing them according to the included booklet, which defeats the whole purpose of buying a dedicated egg cooker and still hasn't produced and edible soft egg.<br/><br/>Also the buzzer is extremely obnoxious. If you are the first one up in the house prepare to wake everyone up when you attempt to make eggs. I think I might try another brand.
 Use this everyday after I bought it. Very easy and convenient! Just 5-6 mins each morning. Saves us lot of time to prepare the breakfast. Love it!
 Works Great!  Annoying Buzzer.  Perfect hardboiled eggs.  Small and compact.  Easy as can be to boil an egg.  My wife doesn't like it because I have another gadget on the counter.  I use it several times a week.
 Mine arrived yesterday and I couldn't wait to try it out.  Cooked 6 large Costco eggs hard boiled in 16 minutes and I could not believe how easy they were to peel, even the next day after refrigeration!  No more mangled deviled eggs!  Grew very tired of hard to peel eggs which was the main reason for purchasing.  Love it!  I can't believe how small it is!  Takes up no very little space!
 Works well. Add water and eggs then let it do it’s thing. Eggs come out perfect every time
 I love my egg cooker!!  I like that I can do soft, med or hard boiled!!  The little measure cups works great, just put the eggs in, fill the water to the desired egg firmness and let it go!
 So easy to use, so quick and convienent. If you need eggs in a hurry its about 7 min for hard boil. Pop them in and the alarm will tell you when they done. Its loud so you know when its time. No forgetting them on the stove.
 I love this rapid egg cooker.  I basically eat boiled eggs only but It really cooks hard boiled eggs in 16 minutes!!
 Have tried 3 times and even added additional water and still get mushy egg yolks<br/>ADDITIONAL information - Dash responded to me suggesting additional water and leaving eggs in cooker a few minutes after the buzzer - and it worked!!  They were very helpful and offered to replace the unit if this hadn’t worked.
 This is one of the greatest creations ever for anyone who needs quick and consistent boiled eggs. I usually get a bowl of water and ice after it's done and let them chill in it for a couple minutes before I peel them.<br/><br/>Word of caution -- the chime/alarm is loud and obnoxious! =X
 This little machine is AWESOME. Really easy to use, hard boils eggs perfectly. It's hard to boil farm fresh eggs but this little machine makes them perfectly. Will recommend to anyone
 This is great for hard boiled eggs, but I don't really think it is consistent for poached eggs. I also wouldn't recommend doing more than three eggs at once. I got it for the hard boiled eggs so I'm not upset that the poaching is inconsistent.
 Bought as a gift for my sister, she LOVES it. Didn’t realize it does so much more than hard boiled eggs. Omelets and veggies? Heck yes. Nice product
 I love my Dash Egg Cooker!  The hard boiled eggs are my favorite!  They come out perfect every time!  Highly recommend product!
 It does what it's supposed to. One con is that when the alarm goes off to let you know the eggs are done, it sounds like it could be the fire alarm. It alarms me each time it goes off.
 We were amazed the first time we used this to cook hard boiled eggs. It was so easy and only in a matter of a few minutes they were done. Cooked perfectly and makes them so easy to peal. If you enjoy eating eggs, we highly recommend this gadget for your kitchen. Also easy and convenient to take anywhere with you. No guessing when your eggs are done because it has a timer on it.
 This is so great for fixing all kinds of eggs.  We have chickens so our eggs are very fresh and when we boil them they are impossible to peel.  But with this they almost always peel easily.  I use the omelette pan quite often it make the egg the perfect while I don't have to stand over it and watch my eggs.  I am very happy with this product.
 Bought 4 of these units so far for us and for gifts. Highly recommend this product as it is easy to use, cooks eggs perfectly and they are sooooo easy to peel!!  Would never be without one.
 easy to use - pierce a little hole in each egg (tool included), fill with water, start and walk away. hard boiled eggs come out perfect everytime. quick clean up of the heating tray with just a damp paper towel. havent used for anything other than hard boiled eggs yet
 I used mine this morning for the first time and it was perfect. The alarm went off in 16 minutes and then cold water bath for 3 minutes. The shell came off perfectly and the yolks were hard boiled. No more salving over the stove and estimating when my egg is cooked.
 I absolutely love this thing! I use it primarily to make hard boiled eggs as a quick snack. The eggs are so easy to peel that almost come off in one piece. I recommend this a lot to people. I also like the poached eggs for sandwiches.
 Works great and is very small so it doesn't take up too much room on my counter. Minus -1 star because the buzzard is VERY loud. Sounds like an emergency broadcast alert going off.
 Nice little cooker. Has a couple of trays that you can use to make poached, scrambled, or omelette also.<br/> The only thing that I don't care for us the buzzer. It sounds like a smoke detector going off.
 I purchased this egg cooker a few months ago after reading the reviews here so a big "thank you" to all who have gone before me! :)  This is one of my favorite kitchen purchases EVER!!!  I've been putting it through its paces as while I like eggs I'm a real stickler for how they are cooked!  First, poached eggs, the way I like eggs cooked best, has always been a pain.  Getting them perfect was a trick.  Not anymore!  I fill up the measuring cup halfway between medium and large, set the timer for 7 minutes, and voila!  I like my yolks soft, and I get them that way every time!  Hard boiled eggs come out great! Moister, tastier than stovetop.  Last, but not least, omelettes.  This little gadget makes the best two-egg omelettes of any variation you want to try.  For mine I fill the measuring cup all the way to the top...past large...set the timer to 14 minutes...and come out with the best, most delicious, fluffy omelettes!  For easy retrieval cooking spray is necessary and cold water should be used for the best results, but all-in-all I'm over the moon with this purchase.  The one thing I would add is a built-in timer, but I have one so it's fine here.
 My wife loves this thing. Her only gripe is that the buzzer could be used as a substitution goal buzzer at a hockey game should the primary buzzer be out of order. It's obscene, really.
 I have had this egg cooker for 4 months now and I love it! I use it daily and it's still going strong. I used the poached egg attachment one as well and it worked perfectly for eggs Benedict. I also love the color, it matches my kitchen nicely
 It is made so incredibly cheap. I tried it to make a poached egg and used the recommended water and they were runny and not even close to being done. Very disappointed.
 I love this for making hard-boiled eggs. Very simple and easy to use and the eggs peel much better. Definitely a good buy
 This egg cooker is amazing!!  Makes perfect eggs every time!!
 My daughter is on a diet and eats alot of eggs for protein and it on the go alot with her job and its fast and easy she loves it.
 Skeptical  but i figured for the money (17$) it's worth a shot! It took a couple dozen eggs to get everything down right but it works great!... We love the soft boiled eggs! Much easier to make them with this than boiling water first then timing it for three min!
 Where have you been all my life... Great egg cooker... I hate standing around a pot with a timer. I can start this and walk away, knowing it will cook right and ding when ready
 This little gadget makes the best hard boiled eggs ever! No green around the yolk, no rubbery white, easy to peel and tastes great.  I got my first egg cooker in '82, but this is the best. Still need to try soft boiled and medium, but I'm sure they'll be great too.
 I had no idea I wanted an egg cooker. But, I did!  It makes hardboiled eggs effortless.  I rarely cooked them before because I thought they were a pain to keep track of.  This turns off when they are done and they are perfect.  I can make deviled eggs on a whim.
 LOVE this egg cooker. It’s compact and the eggs have tuned out perfect. Very easy to peel too. The end buzzer is extremely loud and won’t stop until you unplug it BUT it’s worth it to me to have perfect eggs.
 Easy to use : quick and perfect eggs : it’s actually really small in size so excellent item to purchase without feeling “more contraptions” in the kitchen !
 My wife actually bought this and at first I thought it was stupid, because you can boil an egg in the same amount of time, so what is the point of buying this?  But I found we both really like it because it's so easy.  You just put eggs in it and since it has a timer or auto shut off, I don't remember which one, it makes it super easy.  I know some of these egg cookers don't have that timer or auto shut-off and if I had to babysit the eggs, I wouldn't bother making them in the first place.  We have hard boiled eggs without boiling water, adding the eggs, using a timer, taking them out and having to wash the pot.
 We had an egghead for years and it died, my mom was over joyed to have a new one! So easy to make eggs.
 This item works as intended and I do like the convenience of it.  The alarm when it finishes is quite shrill.
 it works well for me, but seems sort of cheap. The only way to turn off the crazy-loud alarm is to unplug the darn thing!
 Love this thing. It makes a crazy noise and shuts off when it’s done which is always slightly alarming but my eggs are perfect and I don’t have to worry about anything while they cook. Great gift for a first apartment or something
 Honestly, I was surprised how great this worked. 5 hard boiled eggs came out perfect and in no time at all! I would definitely recommend for ease, speed, convenience.
 The sound it makes when its done cooking is horrible. It should shut off automatically and not make any sound. Maybe a small chirp would have sufficed.
 I followed the instructions and it fizzled over and also cracked open some eggs.  Yes, I did use the pin instrument to pierce the eggs so that they wouldn't crack open.
 I've only used this for hard boiled eggs so far and it works great. I was skeptical that the amount of water they tell you to add wouldn't be enough, but my eggs have all been cooked just right. What they don't tell you is that the beep when it's done is like a siren. It's so obnoxious that my husband and I thought maybe the smoke alarm was going off, so be prepared.
 I wanted to love this but since I got it, it burns on the bottom. Even when I do soft boiled eggs, it burns like brown sugar. The eggs cook nicely but the burning smell ruins it
 Cute and easy to use right out of the box! Cute music signals that eggs are ready! I’m a fan of Dash products.
 It took a few tries to figure out the timing to perfect eggs, but now I love it.
 I’m very upset because I LOVED this thing however we’ve had it for less than a year and it’s already broken.  It cooks the eggs so well but the buzzer is now broken leading to over cooked eggs and uneditble eggs.
 This is a life saver for us.  We eat a lot of eggs.  I am still surprised at how easy peeling eggs are now.  And I love poached eggs and this is great for them.  I bought 2 others for my daughter and a friend and they loved it too!!
 Takes a few times to get the water level adjusted correctly to cook the eggs the way you like them.  But makes a great hard boiled egg - easier than boiling on the stove.
 Useless product.<br/>I already threw it out.<br/>The concept might be a good idea but the assembly and the material used isn’t a good quality.
 I can’t say enough how much I love this egg cooker. It boils eggs perfectly and makes a yummy omelet
 Extremely convenient but the alarm is obnoxiously loud, requiring you to shut it off. Not completely consistent eggs either, but close enough. So much better the using a pan of water and eggs really do peel easier with a quick rinse under cold water.
 Works perfectly right out of the box.  Very convenient and easy to use.  The measuring cup also has the egg piercer on the bottom.  I recommend this egg cooker.
 Can I say I love it.esp the size.. with having crockpot  instant pot  rice cooker and airfryer.<br/>I have bought 2 more for gifts. Would have been 3 but. Friend ordered one an Amazon as I was texting her. Love love it.
 Perfect eggs. My husband and I go through eggs for protein. This has made it so much easier for my breakfast and keeping stocked with hard boiled eggs. They slide right out out the cups and are easy to peel.
 Gifted this and she loves it! Says it makes eggs faster than boiling them and always come out perfectly cooked.
 This is the best thing since the rice cooker. I've had hard boiled or poached eggs almost every day since I bought it because it's so easy to use and clean.<br/><br/>Quick tip: If you are taking the eggs right out of the fridge, they will probably require a little more water and/or time in the machine. The measurements on the cup work best for room temperature eggs.
 I love this..so easy to use and clean up is a snap!!!  I love I can set it and walk away to come back to perfect eggs. I bought this because I burn a pan and eggs forgetting about them boiling on the stove.
 I usually don't take the time to write reviews, but this little guy deserves a 5 star glowing review!<br/><br/>I bought this for my husband because he really likes medium boiled eggs but often has a hard time achieving the right "doneness". We tried it out as soon as it came, we poked a tiny hole in the bottom of the eggs (bigger end) with the little tool they give you and placed our eggs in the cooker. Then we filled the little cup with water to the line that says medium boiled, poured it into the bottom of the egg cooker, put the lid on, pushed the button and that's it. Then you just wait for the buzzer to go off and you've got yourself PERFECTLY medium boiled eggs.<br/><br/>We've tried all of the settings (except soft boiled). Hard boiled, poached, and omelet. So far omelet is my favorite by far! I add little extras to it like cheese, mushrooms, or cherry tomatoes. I'm always careful not to put too much in. Each time I've got myself a deliciously perfect cooked, 2 egg omelet. My kids' favorite is definitely the omelet too! They are eating a lot more eggs these days.<br/><br/>The biggest advantage of this little gadget is that you put your eggs in and then you walk away. No flipping, no adjusting the temp, and no guess work in how long to cook stuff. The next best thing is the easy clean up.<br/><br/>I definitely recommend this product to anyone who eats eggs.
 Wish I had read the reviews more thoroughly before I purchased.  Used it once.  It has a buzzer that sounds like a smoke alarm, and it does not turn off until you do it manually.  Ridiculous design - I'm happy to check if the light is out (so the eggs done) and not wake everyone in the house at 5am.
 Perfect eggs..I find you should peel them right away for nicer looking eggs. When putting them in the fridge and peeling the next day they tend to come out looking beat up lol. Alarm is super loud
 It’s amazing. Compact size and able to cook egg easily. I am doing omelet everyday now without worrying if I need turn off stove. The only drawback is that I didn’t get it earlier.
 I hated boiling eggs for the week. Now it's really easy. I place the water in the button using the measuring cup provided and then place the eggs on the turntable and once the buzzer goes on all of the eggs are done to perfection.
 I've been using this for the last 2 years. Its a great product. I can say its one of the kitchen gadget that doesnt get dust :)<br/><br/>I took the one star our just for Fire alarm type sound it produces when the cooking is done. I wish there was auto turn off and the sound just enough to notify rather than wake up the whole entire neighborhood.
 My husband got me thisnfor christmas because i love eggs, especially poached ones. I tried making poached eggs about 4 times, i followed direction to a T every time, everytime the egg was only half cooked. It doesnt cook as well as it says. I tried the hard boiled eggs again not cooked right every time. Made making eggs more exhausting, not easier
 I used to forget I was cooking eggs and water all get boiled off... this just made eating healthy so convenient and safe!
 This is such a great device for anyone that is lazy or incompetent at hardboiling eggs. Seriously, it works great. I would give it a 5 star if the finish buzzer didn't make me want to rip my ears off or drive my dogs crazy. Also, make sure to clean it right away after each use. Well worth the purchase!
 It makes breakfast go by really quick.  And I like the loud, annoying beeping noise it makes when it's done.  I had another similar egg cooker that had to be checked to see if it was done.  Easy to clean and portable.
 We love this little cooker. Makes hard boiled eggs to perfection. Quick and easy to use.
 Takes a while to get to "know" your cooker.  Takes a few rounds of eggs to determine what water levels work best with your cooker and for your desired results.  But I can tell you, this thing works pretty damn well.  I've never had hard boiled eggs turn out so perfect. Pro tip - make sure to pierce your eggs!
 This sure is handy, cooks eggs to perfection and I don't have to worry about the water boiling out of it. I turn it on and go about my morning routine. The buzzer is loud enough to remind me when they are done. You can cook one egg or all six at a time. easily stored and easy to clean.
 No matter what the hard-boiled eggs always end up with a creamy center?  I like my eggs very firm.
 Durable,  versatile,  and easy to use!  Makes hard boiling fresh eggs a breeze!  No more guessing if it's ready.  No more spending hours peeling eggs.  The shells just fall right off!  My husband's favorite eggs are poached eggs.  I was always hesitant to make them.  This made it already,  anyone can do it!  Basically just add water and hit start!
 This egg cooker and very helpful as it pertains to living a healthy lifestyle. It's simple to use and works as described. It does require some basic maintenance to avoid ruining the stainless steel water reservoir, but otherwise it's on point like a decimal!
 After the 3rd usage it no longer works.  I carefully cleaned it because 1 egg cracked and spread throughout the plate and egg rack.  Tried to use it again and no workee. :-(
 So easy to make perfect hard boiled eggs.  I used to make them in a pot of water and stand over the pot, now I can plug this in and leave the room.  The noise it makes when the eggs are done is loud enough to hear it in other rooms.  My husband loves the eggs that this machine makes.
 If you follow directions and only use large eggs this thing makes perfect eggs! I love how small and easy to use it is. I don't have to worry about a pot on the stove and always have a quick breakfast option.
 This thing is perfect, I love medium boiled eggs and these come out perfect. The streamed eggs also taste better than boiled eggs. Idk why but they do. The buzzer is terrifying tho.
 These are great! We spend half the year in Florida and half in the Georgia mountains, so we bought one for each place. Quick, simple and easy cleanup. Use vinegar each time to keep it sparkling.
 This is my first ever amazon review and it is only because I should be a salesperson for this product, I love it so much. It has literally changed my life. I now am constantly cooking hard boiled eggs because it is SO easy and they peel like a dream. No more pieces of egg white stuck to the shell. They are picture perfect eggs. If you are thinking of buying this item and have the need for an easier time making hard boiled eggs then just do it. I swear you will not regret it.
 This was one of those purchases that was a whim that I didn't need, and now I don't know how I lived without it!  Hard-boiled eggs come out perfectly every time and are always easy to peel.  Works great for poached eggs, too.  Nice and small for storage.
 Wow, I’ve purchased a few other brands for this purpose, but this one is off the charts fantastic. Super easy to use, and made the best poached eggs I’ve ever had. LOVE it.
 Love this little  cooker. My husband Used to burn  eggs on the stove because he forgot about them. No more mess to clean up no more burnt eggs. 😀 I use XL eggs, cooks them perfectly,  with no trouble peeling the eggs.
 It cooks eggs the way you want them. Easy to use and clean. Makes Omelets, Poached, Fried, and Boiled. Use it for hard fried egg for sandwiches. Omelet pan is big enough to add a few ingredients. I use it at least once a day if not more.
 Works fast and cooks the perfect hard boiled egg. Easiest peeling hard boiled egg. as many reviews state the alarm is annoying, but it does get your attention..
 I have two of other brand, this sent several states away as a gift, Cant realy return the broken one.
 We have been enjoyed eggs like crazy! Never really took the time to make them until we had this.
 Super easy to use and cooks eggs to my well done liking in a matter of minutes, however, they can be cooked to medium. Most importantly, this little cutie makes peeling the shell perfectly right off.  Love the small size for easy storage and clean up is nothing. I recommend this product and would buy again.
 I've put about 1000 eggs through mine so far. I love this thing. Only thing i dislike is the sound it makes when the eggs are done. Loud is an understatement.
 First impression wasn't the best because upon opening the box one of the locking handles was broke off in about 10 pieces. Luckily you don't need them for cooking just mainly for storage. I am impressed with how perfect the eggs came out just a little disappointed with the broken locking handle .
 Solid 10 out of 10.  I have never had such an easy time cooking and peeling hard-boiled eggs. I am so excited for my new kitchen gadget that I have bought two more for family relatives.
 This machine has literally changed the way I eat, I LOVE IT! I could never boil eggs right to save my life and this thing makes them perfectly every single time, and the eggs peel super easily since it steams them (which is Alton Browns preferred method btw)
 Let me start off by saying I never write reviews, but I had to for this. I always had trouble getting the perfect hard boiled egg. This product not only made that issue a thing of the past with the auto timer, but it makes a perfect hardboiled egg every time. I also really enjoy the pouched egg feature and soft boiled eggs. So easy to use. I use this product almost on a daily basis. DEF recommend!
 LOVE IT. Making hard boiled eggs has never been easier!!! Just a few simple steps and voila! And they peel perfectly!!!
 I found that mine under cooks the eggs if I listen to the measuring cup and have to over fill the cup to get a hard boiled egg.
 Love this egg cooker! My deviled eggs have never been more beautiful. Almost never have issues with peeling. The brown sediment on the bottom of the cooker is not rust. Just wipe with water when no longer hot. If it doesn't come off use white vinegar. It works!
 The compact design makes it easy to place on the counter top or store away. It cooks eggs perfectly...hard or soft,omelets or poached. I wish we had bought this long ago!
 The shell comes off easily every time without marring the outside of the egg; perfect for making deviled eggs for a party when you want them to look nice. Only took off 1 star because I wish it was BPA free since there's a plastic pan you can make omelettes on.
 It’s cute. It works incredible! We love it EXCEPT for the buzzer. The only reason I give it 4 stars is the absolutely horrible alarm when the eggs are finished. It sounds like an emergency broadcast alert and scares me every time.
 Love the ease of making medium boiled eggs.<br/>Highly recommended. Takes the guess work out of booking them yourself.
 BEFORE ORDERING THESE, I HAD ONE AND USED FOR OVER 25 YEARS, DIDN'T KNOW IF THEY EVEN MADE THEM ANYMORE.  BOUGHT 9 AT CHRISTMAS TIME FOR MY DAUGHTER, DLAUGHTER IN LAWS AND GRANDDAUGHTERS. AND A NEW ONE FOR ME. SO EASY TO USE AND NO GUESSING IF YOUR EGGS ARE DONE RATHER IT BE HARD BOILED, SOFT BOILED, MAKING AN OMELETTE, ETC.  LOVE THIS PRODUCT
 The first one I received did not have a buzzer but it did stop cooking when the water had evaporated.  Was sent a replacement and it had a buzzer that worked.  Need to use more water than is marked on the measuring device. Best to use medium size eggs as the yolks are usually fully cooked on them.  I do like this egg cooker. Shells usually come off easily.  I would probably purchase this again.
 This thing works perfect to make hard boiled eggs. This is a very good item if you're on a keto diet.
 This has become my favorite kitchen appliance.  I boil eggs all the time and love this.  It's easy to use and cooks perfectly, no green yolks.  I even enjoy the scrambled or poached eggs but they make a small portion, one or two eggs at most when doing that  It's perfect for my hard boiled eggs!
 My wife bought this without me knowing because she knows I can't stand all the specialty kitchen gadgets that rarely get used if ever. After I commented a couple times about how great the eggs tasted, she told me that she had bought this. I tried it and was shocked at how perfect I could cook an egg and how much of a difference it made to the taste. Well, as an unintentional blind taste tester I'm now a believer.
 Look, Alton Brown is absolutely right. Single use "gadgets" are crap. Who the hell wants a 'tube' of egg? I sure don't. And who wants something taking up space in their kitchen that they get out once a year? Waste of space and money. But I sure love this Dash Cooker. I refuse to call it an Egg Cooker, because it's not. Yes, it absolutely is a fantastic egg cooker, and tremendously convenient. Takes me two minutes to set up a three hard boiled egg lunch, and they're ready in about fifteen without me having to stand around waiting. Big deal. Tons of ways to do that.<br/>Yeah. Now how many of them also make soft boiled eggs, poached eggs, scrambled eggs (wait), omelettes (hold on), rice (what?!), steamed vegetables (holy crap!), and more! "But it's got one less egg than &lt;Competitor&gt; and that's bad." Really? You're going to eat 7 boiled eggs. No you aren't. And you definitely can make a lot more than eggs with this one.
 Excellent! Use it all the time and love it!
 Handle was broken when I opened the box but the first batch of eggs was so perfect that I didn’t care!!
 I just got this, and I am so impressed by how easy it is to use and operate. It has already earned its place on my counter.
 PERFECT!!!! I ordered this Tuesday, it arrived in ONE day!!! I just used it to make hard boiled eggs. Omg!!!! They turned out perfectly!!!!! This product will be a game changer!!!! I can't wait to try it for omelets!!!!
 Does a good job on hard cooked eggs, but the alarm sound is terrible. Sounds identical to a fire alarm
 This thing is AWESOME. I got one for my mom for her birthday in November and we use it all the time. We put the eggs in cold water to cool them and they are SUPER easy to peel. Its amazing. I even ordered another one to give as another gift.
 Doesn't make the eggs any quicker, but I don't have to worry about them. I can set them to cook and leave the room until the timer goes off. Eggs are also easy to peel.
 Terrific gadget!  Boils eggs perfectly every time and quick to clean up.  Slight problem the first time we poached eggs as we used jumbos and they were slightly undercooked.  Upped the cooking time and more water and they now come out perfect.  Love this product!
 Awesome!! Works great and does not get messy. Super quick and easy clean
 Ok I got this. After many many failed attempts and different ways to cook hard boiled eggs, advice from both my mom and mother in law on how they cooked their eggs, failing . I got this contraption. It is eggcellent....lol<br/><br/>I have 6 PERFECTLY COOKED HARD BOILED EGGS!!!  Would so recommend!
 Great product. Easy clean up. Works great. Buzzer is annoying. I find this product simple to use and cooks my eggs exactly how I like. Easy to peek, which was a pet peeve of mine, this product resolved that. Highly redommend. Great price.
 For whatever reason we couldn't boil and egg, and my son loves them. This came recommended. It works perfectly for making hard boiled eggs. We tried scrambled and were not as successful, but those we can make, so I am very happy with this purchase.
 Would highly recommend this egg cooker. I bought it to replace a West Bend I had for 30 years. I am planning on buying one for my granddaughter for Christmas.  We love to make egg salad and deviled eggs.  So much easier with an automatic egg cooker.  Before I had one I was always walking away then forgetting them and then they would be ruined.  I like the buzzer feature to remind me when the eggs are done.
 This is The Bomb.  Fabulous, fast, inexpensive way to do eggs!
 I love this little egg cooker, it’s perfect for stopping my husband from microwaving eggs 🤢. It works quickly and cleanup is easy. My only complaint is that the alarm for when it is finished cooking is utterly startling. I’ve heard fire alarms that aren’t as terrifying. I also love how small it is. I can’t stand a bunch of stuff on my counters, and this little guy is about the size of a small coffee carafe and all of it’s accessories store nicely inside it when it isn’t in use.
 Gaaaah ALLLL THE EGGS! The kids and I love it soo much!! My daughter can use it , and my kids love the crap out of eggs! I have no idea where this beauty has been all our lives haha
 I bought this for my sister for Christmas. She loves it. Only complaint is the sound that it makes when it is done. The sound is like the fire alarm at my school. If I'm not prepared for it to go off it can be very frightening.
 Two weeks ago I'd never even heard of egg cookers, and now I own this one. Works fine. No funny business. I just followed the simple instructions - precisely - and the eggs came out perfect.
 I got this specifically so my kids could start cooking their own breakfast.  My 5 yr old daughter loves using this and so does my 7 yr old son.  Eggs are a fantastic healthy alternative to 'boxed' breakfasts.  do yourself a favor and get one for home, possibly the office as well.
 Friends told me about this little gem and I'm glad I took their advice and bought one!  Easy, fast and best of all, the eggs are easy to peel when made in this! Highly recommend!
 I bought this because I can never make a hard boiled egg that isn't runny without being overdone and I can never peel them easily- even after several internet hacks like salting the water. I followed the directions and made hard boiled eggs FAST. The best part is that they peel SO easily. Never boiling eggs again. Would definitely buy again!
 I love this egg cooker. I've tried every version-hard, soft, poached, omelette. The eggs come out so nice. The hardest part is determining the amount of water to add. The alarm is kind of annoying but you definitely hear it.
 Love this.  Fast and easy.  I can't believe how easy it is to peel the eggs after using this.  Great product.
 Tiny, tiny, tiny. Looks like an egg cooker for a doll. I was SHOCKED when I opened it. It works fine though.
 My family absolutely loves this! I bought it due to a friends recommendation. It's super easy to use and our hard boiled eggs come out perfect each time. Super easy clean up! Worth every cent! If mine broke I would definitely repurchase!
 Works great! But the buzzer when it’s done cooking sounds like something out of horror film and scares the crap out of everyone- including the dog!
 I love the eggs that come out of my egg cooker! I only wish I could get rid of the horrible alarm sound when they are done! What about auto-shut-off instead?
 This thing is a real time saver and makes great soft boiled eggs. My only suggestion for improvement is the alarm. It could wake the dead. Seriously.
 Great little device for hard boiled eggs. Takes up very little space on shelf. Very reliable results. Easy cleanup. I use a little vinegar on a paper towel. Buzzer is a little loud and definitely gets your attention.
 This thing is awesome!  The eggs cook quickly and are always just right.  It does have a cheap plastic feel but it doesn’t affect functionality.  It does have an undesirable sound to alert you that your eggs are done, but it’s not intolerable and at least I know the eggs are done without having babysit the stove.  I’m really glad I purchased this and I’m very satisfied with how it works.
 Worked 3 times and then quit.  Junk. Threw away.
 Yes I know how to boil eggs in a pan and I was unsure about another thing to store in my kitchen but I gotta say, I love this little egg cooker. Also so far the eggs are so easy to peal every time when using this. I am planning to get a couple of these for Christmas gifts.
 Love this product.  Bought this over a year ago and still working strong.  Great for quick eggs before work in the morning and little mess.
 I love this machine. I have never been so excited about making breakfast. I don't always wake up early enough to make a solid breakfast, but with this nifty machine, I can put a couple eggs in it and finish getting ready for the day. When I'm done, my breakfast is ready. The poached egg part doesn't work fantastically but if you crack two eggs in the omelet dish it works perfectly. The hard boil feature is probably my favorite. It only does six at a time but the timings accurate if you read the instructions.
 I love this egg cooker. I used it to make Deviled Eggs and they were very easy to peal. The eggs came out perfect. I have also used for medium hard boiled eggs. They came out perfect as well.
 I love it, I use it every morning to make my breakfast, it takes about 8 minutes to do a hard boiled egg, the buzzer is kind of loud, I intentionally leave the buzzer for a while to wake up every one in the house
 works great, hard boils eggs like a pro, fast and easy. even made a few omelettes in it so far.
 The greatest invention ever.<br/><br/>I’m a single dude who loves eggs, but never cracked the code on the perfect hard boiled one. This contraption is amazing. Does everything it says it does, only easier. If you took it away, I would pay to get it back, but not after I was prepared to fight to the death. I actually hope you don’t buy it. Only a few of us need be responsible for this power.
 Takes longer than I thought it was going to take that still all right cook eggs perfect
 This thing is awesome.  Is a little hard to clean as the hard water will leave some spots on the heating plate.  Got it on sale though.  Works great and makes perfect eggs every time.
 Worked fine the first 6 or 7 times we used it. Then fresh eggs started "exploding" suddenly inside the cooker, despite our doing everything the exact same way as before. Threw it out.
 Tried using it 3-4 times and not once did I end up with something that looked safe to eat.  In the end, I tossed it in the trash.  Looks like cereal for me forever.  :(
 This cooker works just great. It is easy to use and keep clean. I would recommend cooker to anyone that likes poached eggs.
 Amazingly easy i hard voiled eggs yesterday and made my family omlettes this morning everyone loved them!
 Making eggs the old fashion way take too much time in the morning so I went in search for something that I could have a great breakfast to start my super long days. I found this and loved the idea of poached eggs or an omelette too. This allows me to get ready for work and then have the crud scared out of me while it summons the dead. The hard boiled eggs are fantastic, slide right out of the shell even though I nearly had this perfected the old fashion way. I use the medium soft amount of water then let them sit uncovered for a few minutes before running them under cold water. The poached eggs I will need to work on. I use extra large eggs and I think it is for smaller eggs. I am going to try a bit more water the next time as the egg whites were way too runny. The yolk was very very very runny which I like so hopefully I can get a nice egg white and yolk. I just made an omelette for the first time. I used more water than for the hard boiled egg as I added precooked sausage pieces, spinach, cheese and pica de gallo. I let it sit covered for a few minutes and it was perfection. I used two extra large eggs to make it.<br/><br/>The item was much smaller than I thought it would be and the poacher and omelette maker look as though they should be sold in the little easy bake ovens. Easy clean up.
 Makes hard or soft boiled eggs very nicely, purchased another for the holiday season...
 Easy to prepare eggs. Just set it up and you don't need to watch it or wait to boil like stove top cooking. Needs to read the directions carefully so you can have the perfect egg texture you like. I would recommend this product.
 I use to hard boiled eggs. I love it Cooks egg quick. It's has them cook by the time you would want on the water to boil in a pan.
 This cooker is great!  Makes preparing breakfast easy and clean up is simple and fast.
 I am horrible at boiling eggs the old fashion way so this rapid cooker has been amazing, absolutely love how quickly and accurately it gets your eggs done
 First discovered this on vacation to Germany. So useful to make hard boiled eggs without any difficulty!
 Works great at making hard boiled eggs! Maybe not the best instructions. Also the hole you poke will have Egg come out of it. Also the sound for when it’s done is loud!
 I bought this to make hard boiled eggs. It's super easy and fuss free. The eggs taste great.
 This little egg cooker is AWESOME!  Our family really enjoys eggs - hard boiled, soft boiled, poached, scrambled, fried - we just love them!  Not only do they taste great but they're a great source of protein.  I purchased this little egg cooker because I was looking for something to help with preparing eggs a little more easily and quickly and this cooker fits the bill perfectly.  I first used it to make hard boiled eggs which we enjoy with our lunches or sliced onto salads and it made them perfectly.  My wife uses it to make a quick cheese and egg omelet for breakfast just about every day and loves it.  I use it to make poached eggs and they come out perfectly every time.  My oldest son uses it to make "fried" eggs sunny-side up and, again, perfect results!<br/><br/>The cooker is designed brilliantly with no space wasted at all.  It has a shallow pan that you pour water in which heats up generating steam and this is what cooks the eggs. Everything is regulated based on the amount of water you add using the little measuring cup.  The cooker is designed to detect when the water is fully evaporated and alerts you that it's done with a buzzer.  The little measuring cup is delineated with lines to determine how you want you egg cooked.  One on side you have soft boiled, medium boiled and hard boiled and on the other you have poached/omelet - you simply fill the cup with water to the line that you'd like.  More water equals longer cooking time so if you don't like the defined amounts you can adjust to your liking.<br/><br/>The only downside to this cooker is that you're limited in how many eggs you can prepare at one time so if you're cooking eggs for several people it's more of an assembly line approach.  It does do up to six boiled eggs at a time but if you're doing omelets, scrambled or poached you're limited to no more than two at time as the little dished will not accommodate more.  Small price to pay for perfect eggs!
 Used this very little; I am sure it cooks well and there would be no problem with hard-boiled eggs but it was difficult to measure the correct amount of water for soft-boiled eggs. It is easy to use, compact and generates very little heat.
 Love this product. The hard boiled eggs are so easy to pill. It is small so it doesn't take much counter space.
 It cooks my eggs perfectly every single time!  This is a very highly rated product for good reason!
 Like it took eleven minutes, to steam eggs, like how the shell of the egg, comes ever so easy,
 I've been making eggs all the time now. It is so convenient to poke em, add the water, and just walk away.  No worries about watching a pot to boil or setting a timer or anything. My biggest gripe is the incessantly annoying and incredibly loud alarm timer beep.  There's no way to change it so it doesnt go off as far as I know.  The eggs do turn out perfect though.
 LOVE this thing, just got mine yesterday and I have to say I was skeptical.  But for the price I couldn't say no to even the slightest chance this might really work. The instructions were easy, and I had six eggs ready to go in no time. Within 30 seconds, the water was boiling and I could see steam coming out of the hole in the dome cover - very impressive.  Timer finished and the egg shells peeled off more easily than I've ever seen, and I was eating within a minute - couldn't be happier!
 This egg cooker works well but when used to hard boil the eggs do seem a touch "soft"
 Doesn't work as advertised!  Poached eggs looked perfect on the outside, inside as raw like it just came out of the shell.
 I bought this for my hubby who loves boiled eggs. It took a couple of times of adjusting the water level to get the perfect doneness for him. Easy peasy!
 I use this thing almost every day. We eat a lot of hard boiled eggs in our house, and this is so much more convenient than boiling them on the stove, plus they peel perfectly almost every time, and I don't have to use a timer, so I don't end up over cooking them. This is by far the most used and most favorite kitchen gadget in my home. We've had it for about 6 months, and it still is working perfectly.
 Very nice. Works well. Much easier than boiling in a pot and doing that whole thing.
 I bought a black one before this and loved it so much that i gifted a white one to a friend. It functions fine but there are couple of very distinct differences between the black one and white. The lid of the white has a twist-to-lock kind of groove which is fine. The most annoying part for giving two star is...when the eggs are done, the cooker sounds a loud high pitch beep until you go up and unplug - say what? My black one does not do that; after the cooking is done, it just shuts off. I do not know if one of them was original and other one was a knock-off, it is hard to imagine they would have such different functionality otherwise.
 I have fallen in love with this thing!! My parents raise chickens for farm fresh eggs! I love hard boiled eggs but peeling the shells off were always a nightmare. This kitchen wonder PERFECTLY steams them everytime and they peel like a dream everytime! You dont even need to set a timer! Push a single button and walk away. The God awful alarm will let you know they are finished! Lol
 Makes awesome hard boiled eggs, omelets, and poached eggs!! I use this all the time.
 If you want a half-dozen hard boiled eggs and don't want to keep an eye on a pot simmering on the stove, this is the appliance for you. I set it up, add water and eggs, turn it on, then space out doing some geeky thing on my computer until the Dash starts to buzz to remind me that the cooking is complete. I think it's simple to setup and cleanup, and doing a half-dozen carton at a time, I have hard boiled eggs for several days!
 Juat buy it, it will change your life. After the eggs are done put them immeadiately into a ice water bath, lots of ice to cool them fast. After they have sat peel in the water and you will have perfect eggs every time.
 I normally don’t write reviews but this product is amazing! I’ve struggled to make a boiled egg that’s easy to peel and look nice once peel. My first egg using the cooker peeled within seconds. The whites were smoothe and the yolks were bright yellow. Not over or under cooked. I haven’t tried the other features, yet. Just boiled eggs. The buzzer is over the top though! Way too loud and might startle you.
 Have only used this for hard boiled eggs so far and it's awesome! Faster and easier than boiling.<br/><br/>Only small complaint I would have is the buzzer that sounds when the eggs are ready is extremely loud and alarming. Would be nice if it was just a normal sound like a microwave or oven.
 It's very easy to use, and I like how the hard-boiled eggs turn out. But the reason I bought this is that I was hoping to get perfectly cooked soft-boiled eggs. Instead, the soft-boiled eggs constantly turn undercooked, if I add as much water as shown on the water cup. Hence the two-star review.
 I’m an accident waiting to happen in the kitchen so believe me when I say this thing is a lifesaver. Make holes on the top of each egg, add water, turn on and that’s it for hard boiled eggs. Love it!
 Best purchase I've made in a long time!!! I love it and it's so easy. I used to boil my eggs because I eat them every day for breakfast and this saves me so much time, I love it and it works great!
 Add water, Pierce eggs, Push Button. - Ice Cold Bath for 5 minutes. And oh My Goodness so easy to peel.  No more egg whites breaking off like the egg is having a civil war with you. - Easy. I have only done hard boiled eggs, but will update if I use the other features. It is the Ronco Rotisserie of Hard Boiled eggs.  Set it and forget it.!
 Perfect for single household. Durable. Performs what it states on advertisement.<br/>Top part the plastic cap, gets crazy hot, you will most certainly forget n touch then burn yourself. They need to come up with some non-heat conducting material. And that freaking sound when it's ready. Please fix that :)
 I've tried eggs every way you can and this is so easy!  I do find that I let the poached eggs sit a bit longer in the machine than the others, but that is my personal preference (well cooked whites but still runny yokes).  I was afraid that the hard boiled settings wouldn't be like I wanted, but they were great.
 So good.  It will cumulatively save me hours of time making hard boiled eggs.  I love using it and hopefully it will last for years to come!
 I bought this after I stayed with my daughter, who has the exact same one, THAT I ABSOLUTELY FELL IN LOVE WITH!  So easy to clean. I have only used it for hard boiled eggs, but the come out perfect every time! And there is no need to worry about forgetting it on the stove and having your eggs boil dry! There is an alarm that sounds when the are complete! Would definitely recommend!
 My eggs always cook perfectly with this little machine. No more ugly peeled eggs, just smooth pretty eggs. Just read the instructions to get them just right, exactly how you like your eggs. I highly recommend it.
 I really like the egg cooker.
 Does a great job cooking eggs, but the buzzer is REALLY annoying.  "Yes... I hear you going off, how can you miss it? Shutup already!" It sounds like a fire alarm and very loud.  I think something less harsh could get the job done and then you'd get my 5 star rating. :-)
 So easy to use, eggs came out perfect.
 Works as advertised. Only used it a few times so far and it takes a few tries to get the timing just right, but it does make cooking poached eggs and hard boiled eggs significantly easier.
 Love this! A friend recommended this and I've given it now to someone else. Easy to use and takes up no extra space.
 I really like this egg cooker and I would have rated it 5 stars but I hate the buzzer on it...very annoying.
 The egg cooker itself if wonderful and does a great job hard boiling my eggs. Its fatal flaw is that the buzzer that tells you the eggs are done is incredibly harsh and makes my wife jump out of her skin every time it goes off, so she hates it. Replace the buzzer with something a little more pleasant and it would be a perfect product.
 Great value. Cool design. Kids love the poached eggs. Only knock is water pools on omelette and poached eggs. But not sure anything could be done to prevent this.
 Works great but our fresh chicken eggs are not as easy to peel as some of others reviews state.  Not sure what the secret is other than to not hard boil freshly laid eggs.
 So far I love this! Its nice and compact, which is perfect for my tiny apartment. It's exactly as advertised and comes with clear instructions.<br/>The only reason why I took a star off is because it undercooked my eggs a little bit with the "poach" option (the egg whites were still not solidified), and when the cooker is finished, it keeps beeping until you turn it off, which is loud and kind of annoying.<br/>Overall a great product, and definitely worth the money!
 So I just got this yesterday and used it this morning. I don't normally do any reviews on products but I must say this was amazing! The eggs were perfect and so easy to peel. I am going to buy another one of these for work so when I want a snack I can make them fresh!
 This egg cooker can boil eggs quickly and easily and bring lots of convenience. But it can't auto shut down when the eggs are ready. Instead, it makes loud and sharp biiiiiii to alarm you that you should unplug it as fast as possible. The sound may threaten you a little bit if you've not prepared about it.
 Live the texture if my soft boiled eggs. Perfect every time.  My concern is the stainless tray where the water goes is pitted after one use.  Please advise.
 Works perfectly. I use it regularly. I do keep it clean, wiping immediately after using, so it always looks like new. Great boiled eggs! Alarm feature and automatic settings make it super easy.
 Works, but had to do it twice to get the egg drop me as much as needed.  Will keep and use, but not as good as promised.  Price is good.
 I honestly didn’t think this would work but my god it’s a miracle!  I’m am terrible at cooking hard boiled eggs and dreaded doing it knowing it was going to be a disaster everytime.  But they turn out perfect every time and we’re soo easy to peel!<br/>Trust me buy it if you use to be like me!!
 Fast quick and delicious a little smaller than I thought which is good ... and really works great !!! Ordering another for family
 Great easy to use, fast egg cooker. This one's a keeper.  After usage it gets brown spots on the metal, looks like rust, but it's not. You just use vinegar and it comes right off.  I love this and expect it to last for years! So easy and safe to use.
 This inexpensive (not "cheap") item allows you to precisely get "boiled" eggs (or steamed, rather) in significantly less time than boiling. It is definitely one of the best overall kitchen gadgets I have ever used.
 This is a pretty neat product.  Taking a star away because the point of the tool that pokes holes in the egg shells gets dull pretty fast, and the buzzer that goes off to signify it's done sounds like a freaking smoke alarm.
 Got it mainly to poach eggs what a mistake. Horrible alarm and raw eggs. I had it for less then 24 h and they wanted to charge for return shipping over $8. I wouldn't recommend this. I didn't even try other functions so I don't waste eggs
 I have this, and it literally never works right. The bottom burns, the eggs overflow from the little hole, it has literally never been a good hard boiled egg and I just don’t understand why it’s never worked.
 This thing is awesome, it's a very quick and messless process, I now do them every day hard boiled.  Totally worth the price!
 This works ok for poached eggs but for hard boiled not so much, my eggs were not cooked through.
 I’ve had this product for over a year, and it’s still cooking like a charm. This is sooooo much easier than boiling eggs on the stove, especially for one person.
 Out of the box, easy to use. My 7,11, and 13 year olds all use this on their own.
 It's a good egg cooker but I hate that it doesn't turn off automatically on its own and has a very annoying buzzer.  Keep hoping it breaks down so I can buy something else.
 I bought as a gift and then got myself one words great thinking of buying a few more for my other family members
 Nice, efficient egg cooker, the built in egg 'piercer' on the water cup is great.  Very little water necessary.  It almost wipes clean.  One complaint - when the eggs are cooked, and the thing shuts off, the alarm it posts sounds like a fire alarm in some buildings I've been in.  A gentle chime would have been much nicer.
 This is amazing and works so well. The only problem is that I think the heat stays on a little too long because there's also a burn on the hot plate after I use it. It's not a huge problem but it looks gross and smell a little
 Got this to hardcook eggs. So tired of trying to peel an egg and half the white sticks to the shell. They peel great with this cooker!
 I live for this product! I eat at least 2 eggs per day and hated the process of boiling them. This cooks the eggs to perfection in no time- and, as an added bonus, about 95% of the time the shells just slide off. I haven’t used the accessories, so can’t speak of those, but love how it makes hardboiled eggs.
 I tried this out the other day and relised that it needed more water than what is shown to cook the eggs. other wise it is a good product.
 Love love, love this machine!! Just being able to peel an egg that the shell comes off easily is absolutely the best!!!
 Love the idea of this.  No more over or under  cooked eggs Boiling on the stove top.  Used several times so far no issues.  Some rusting inside will appear if not cleaned and dried after use.  I only use this for boiled eggs.
 This is the best invention! It is easy to use and seriously cooks HB eggs perfectly plus super easy to peel! I havent made anything other than HB eggs yet, though. I posted a pic on my Facebook and multiple people either already had it and love it or purchased it and love it !
 Works as expected.  I needed to add more water for hard boiled than what it said.  All in all learning curve for wTer but works great.
 This cooks hard boiled eggs correctly and after the eggs cool they are easy to peel
 I’m not sure how I lived without this. This thing is worth every penny. And it was a steal of a price!
 I like this product but I want to love it.  Everything I have cooked in this egg cooker has required me to double the process for my eggs to be cooked through.  I’ll continue to use it but should have done more research before jumping the gun on this one.
 I had no idea what I was missing. This little gadget is amazing. The best eggs I have ever had and so easy. The peel just comes off and that is the thing I hated most about boiling my eggs. I am eating eggs all the time now and loving them!
 I love this egg cooker!! I love deviled eggs, and I wonder if having the hole poked in the top doesn't let some steam inside the shell. Seems to me I've never peeled eggs this easily when I cooked them the "old fashioned" way. Bought one as a gift too! Love it!
 It is easy to use product, although it comes with a lot of small parts to organize around it for a tidy look and feel. However, it serves my purpose, boiling eggs. I used to boil eggs on a skillet / bowl with water, the amount submerging the eggs fully, and had to wait a long long time. Anyway, this new gadget certainly helps me (and hopefully will help for a longer period) for having a easy cooking experience, involving eggs!
 This product works as advertised. Eggs are steamed perfectly and the eggs peel easily after cooked.
 My sister told me about this egg cooker. The best thing I've ever bought, awesome !
 Boils eggs well, but leaks water. Makes a mess.
 Tried poached eggs today.  Too watery.  How to you get them out to put on plate?  Worst Amazon purchase to date
 This little machine is a life changer to have healthy eggs at work. You can make them from your desk at work....thank you inventor!!
 Does a great job. It is quicker than using a pot on a stove and allows me to determine how I want my eggs done. I am deaf and I like the automatic turn off feature. I does have a loud buzzer, so says my wife, but this auto off feature is the main reason I bought this egg cooker. It allows me to do other things while eggs are cooking instead of watching them cook. I blew up several eggs that I cooked on the stove and that made a big mess when the pot ran out of water. I forgot the eggs were cooking on the stove and when the pot ran dry the eggs exploded all over the kitchen. This egg cooker has put me back in my wife's good graces.
 It cooked the eggs right once but then the second and third time it didn't.
 Great product use almost once a week to hard boil eggs and they come out perfect everytime and no mess to clean up
 Use it several times a week and it makes PERFECT boiled eggs.  And peeling the eggs is even better because of it!  Easy peasy!  My husband insists on peeling the eggs because it’s easy and oddly satisfying!
 Makes perfect hard boiled eggs that are easy to peel. Use it all the time. Very quick and easy to clean.
 I love that I can get perfectly boiled eggs every time. Would def recommend to everyone!
 This is a GREAT PRODUCT! It MAKES COOKING EGGS SO SIMPLE! WOULD RECOMMEND!
 I use this everyday!  It’s fast, convenient and easy to use.  So easy that I bought one for my mom.  She loves hers as well.
 Just used this for the first time and I am soooo happy I got this!! I ruined deviled eggs last year for Thanksgiving but tonight they came out perfect!! Just follow the directions.
 Made about a dozen eggs so far. Perfectly hard boiled and crack easily. So far so good.
 BEST egg cooker ever. Don't try the 'off' brand, get a DASH, it has an alarm so you don't burn your house down. In addition, its ADORABLE.
 I just got this egg cooker right before Easter so I only used it once. So far I can say that it is a 5 star product. It cooked the eggs better than I ever could, using the boiling method, and the shells came right off so easily. My yolks used to come out green looking, but with this steamer, the yolks are perfectly yellow.
 This thing is awesome for hard boiling eggs! However, I tried the poaching tray and the eggs were so undercooked I had to throw them on the skillet. Not sure if I did something wrong but I followed the directions. Oh well, it was worth it just for the easy egg boiling! No more using a pan and it’s so quick. Great for my weight watchers plan.
 Easy way to perfect soft and hard boiled eggs. No muss, no fuss. You simply can't screw it up!  We love it.
 I really like this!!!  We cook eggs every morning and it's so much easier than getting the pot out to boil water.  Perfectly cooked eggs every time.  Easy to peel.  Scrambles eggs are moist and fluffy (they look like giant brains while cooking...they will deflate!) This is one of my favorite kitchen gadgets!!
 I used this and my granddaughter liked it so I gave to her.  She likes using it.  Nice little gadget.
 “Those are so good!”<br/>I am quoting my husband after eating his poached eggs for breakfast.<br/>This product is ingenious and easy to use. The screech when done feature is very useful.
 I bought this for myself for Christmas. I love it. Easy to use and super cute.
 I bought this to make hard boiled eggs. I followed the suggested directions to a tee and even let it sit a little longer, to be sure. When I cut the egg open, it was runny inside. I used the product to cook a single egg so maybe you have to cook 6 eggs at a time, but I don't want to do that.
 I'll never cook eggs any other way now. Omelets are so light and fluffy. Poached eggs are perfect every time. I usually over cooked them on the stove. Not anymore. If this cooker breaks or dies, I'll buy another immediately.
 This thing is great!  Soft boiled, hard boiled poached-will do any of these automatically
 I only use it for hard boiled eggs and it does a great job in doing just that.  I place the eggs in the little machine and hit start and walk away.  Come back a little later and it's done.  Just a simple process.
 Given as gift and receiver is very happy with ease of use and quality of finished product.
 I can’t find any fault in this product. It cooks fast and easy to put away. Delivered fast too. Had it for couple months and no problems.
 This is a great little gadget...you must adjust the water amount to  a: size of egg b: personal preference of how you like your eggs. All in all a great machine. I think I prefer the poaching function the best. When I hear the buzz, down goes the toast...
 I cannot say enough good about this egg cooker.  I bought if for my office.  I've only used it 3 times, but it's already saved me money as I don't have to buy my breakfast in the hospital cafeteria.  I'm planning on buying another for home.
 All the cooking parts are plastic. The alarm buzz is horrific. It doesn't work all that well at 5,000 feet. I will work around it and avoid raw eggs. Not all that fond, but will keep it.
 Great product, it cooks eggs in 5 minutes, just pour some water in the receptacle, punch a hole on the egg and set it in the cooked and when eggs are done you hear an alarm. Good purchase
 it boiled eggs just like its instructions directed for soft, medium, and hard.  Eggs were very good.
 This little appliance is wonderful for hard boiled eggs! I wanted my 8 year old to be able to cook eggs without using the stove, this is safe and easy enough for him. Followed the directions and hard boiled eggs were perfect, easy to peel too.
 I've only used this for making hard boiled eggs, and I LOVE IT.  You will, too.  My husband even likes making the eggs, and he NEVER does anything in the kitchen.  Get one.
 For the price, it is a simple contraption for making clean boiled eggs inside 15 minutes. Only drawback is that it makes a maximum of six eggs. Worth the money. I have been using it for two months now so cannot say how reliable and durable it is....
 Does exactly what it says it will do.  And you didn't even realize you needed it.  You need it.
 Great price and exactly as described great seller fast and dependable
 Cooker works fine.<br/>On the negative side it is too small. It will not hold  six Xtra Large or Jumbo eggs.
 I get eggs  so fresh that they barely hit the hens nest and i grab them and put them in  the egg cooker  and  as soon as the machine is  done i take them out , HOT HOT and  hold under water for just enough time to cool ehough to hold bare hands and peal right then and  shell comes right off , never could do that before without loosing  a bunch of the whites , yes it works great *****
 This item was a great unexpected find! We love eggs, all types of eggs, but at times cooking eggs can be laboreous. Here is a very simple and convenient way to make eggs, in several different forms. Easy clean up and storage.
 Finally I am able to get a soft boiled egg with a runny yolk and firm white!! Love this little cooker.
 This the best kitchen appliance we've ever bought! Function well for 3 years! We use it frequently and it always makes perfect eggs!
 My teen uses it or I do for her.  Its cute and do not use soap in this.
 Have been using for over  month now, and am fully satisfied with the product. The measurement given for Hard Boil, does not really hard boil fully, so need to a little over the measurement given.
 This is a product I never knew I needed. I love eggs but I hate all the grease that it goes into a frying pan this gives me a variety of ways of cooking eggs with steam it's more healthier and it's super fast. Since I got it I use it almost everyday.
 We use this a couple times a week for breakfast. The only issue is, my daughters will eat all six hard boiled eggs. Leaving me nothing. I will buy the bigger one next time.
 I love being able to make fresh hard boiled eggs on the morning I need it.  It takes only a few seconds to get it set up and only a few minutes to cook.  Whenever this little guy falls apart or no longer works for me I will be purchasing the larger Dash Cooker.
 I don't have to worry about over cooking my eggs any more. They come out perfect everytime.
 Easiest way to make delicious eggs. Now every morning is a no-mess egg morning for all 6 household members. Scambled for the kids, egg sandwich for my wife, and poached for myself. And 3 small items to rinse when we're done.
 Worked great for my hard boiled eggs! Just made them for the first time. Put in cool water after the cooker said they were done. Peeled pretty easily, but not perfectly. Yellow color is pastel.
 I love these steam-powered egg cookers, they do such a good job and are great for making a quick meal to go. Additionally this one is tiny and cute and looks like a spaceship. I got it as a gift for a friend living in a dorm and he used it any time he was unable to get a meal. Easy to clean and store. It's also durable, i've had mine for a year and counting. $15 is a great price for such a handy little appliance.
 Best purchase ever to easy and quick way to make hard boiled eggs.
 This little cooker makes great hard-boiled eggs.  Unfortunately, it does have one drawback. The buzzer is startling and the volume approaches that of a smoke detector.  You had better make plenty of eggs because the buzzer is going to wake up everyone in the house.
 Made some poached eggs the first time I set it up. Husband couldn’t stop raving about how perfectly cooked they were. Highly recommend for anyone especially if you have a small kitchen like me. Best buy for my house so far.
 The omelet and poacher are useless.... the hardboil and softboil work fine.  Most eggs are easy to peel simply because they do not sit in water... they are steamed
 It didn’t cook the eggs all the way through. Maybe I need to play around with it a bit but I thought it would be easier to use.
 We have bought two of these as gifts and one for ourselves. If you love soft boiled eggs, there is no easier way to steam them. They are ready in 5 minutes. It is really foolproof!
 I've bought two. One for me and one for my mother. They are great! Small enough for easy storage and it is super easy to use! Your hardboiled eggs will never be tough to peel again once you steam them. Amazing product!!
 Doesn't  look like much, small plastic pieces but it does a wonderful job on poached eggs, I'm thinking of buying a second one. Easy to clean
 This thing makes perfect omelettes but the poached eggs come out a mess, very frustrating.
 When I read "automatic" I thought the thing would turn off on its own, but an annoying timer goes off and you have to turn off the machine to stop if from continuing to cook :( Does the job well though so I still have it a good score
 Works great and very easy to use.  Would recommend to anyone that eats eggs on a daily basis.
 Works amazing.  Eggs come out perfect every time. Takes the guesswork out of hardboiled eggs.
 Seriously, this is an amazing product. I got one, my boss has one, my coworker got one..... the eggs turn out perfect every time. They are cooked perfect and always peel easily. It makes cooking eggs so easy and fast. If you like eggs, you should get this.
 What a great egg steamer!!!!!! I recommend everyone get one and it makes a wonderful gift.  Got one for my mom for Mothers Day.  I should have started off with distilled water to fill the well so the plate doesn't get oxidation.  Oxidation not a problem but possibly could have been avoided.
 Ive never tried to hard boil eggs before and never would have without this. Rather than eating junk food before bed now i make 2-4 eggs in 10 minutes and i love it and i even wake up feeling better.
 Don't waste your money... Don't waste your money doesn't boil eggs properly...
 perfect for boiled eggs but not for the other, come out to runny and watery but the boiled eggs come out great everytime
 Awesome invention. Eggs are really easy to peel too in comparison to on the stove. The only thing that sucks is the sound it makes after the cooking has completed. Woke my kid up and made the pets run away.
 I like the simplicity of this product.  You use the needle to punch a hole in the egg, pour in the water, plug iit in and walk away until it buzzes.<br/>No more burned pans or having to time the eggs and maybe under cook or over cook.  Easy to use, works as advertised and inexpensive.  What's not to like?  I would recommend this product and am in fact thinking about getting one for another family member.
 This is a great item. I use several times a week. The hard boiled eggs are extremely easy to get the shell off
 Great product!  I’ve only done hard boiled so far, but they turned out great and we’re much easier to peel than ones boiled in a pot.  The buzzer isn’t the most pleasant sound, but I didn’t think it was as loud as some other reviews said.  Maybe just because I have a toddler and a baby ;)
 Well I just love this little egg maker. I love eggs and eat them for breakfast daily. I create and freeze all my omellettes for the week in just thirty minutes!
 This thing is fantastic.  I use is mainly for hard boiled eggs and it works great.  they are so easy to peel so there is no more frustration of pieces of eggs sticking to the shell.
 This works great.  It makes perfect, easy peel hard boiled eggs!
 This is a great, easy to use product. I love this for my diet.
 This item cooks the egg perfectly every time. I have recommended to friends and colleagues on multiple occasions. I’m amazed at how well it cooks the eggs .
 I'm not one to get excited about egg cookers but this thing was worth every penny. I assume it is the piercing the top of the egg that makes the shell peel off like a dream. Either way this has been a great addition to my kitchen. The real benefit is using a fraction of the water to boil the eggs. I do wish when the timer goes off and it buzzes that the buzzer would time out also. Maybe after a minute or so. The first time it went off I thought my fire alarm was going off. But I still recommend this product 100%.
 works well
 The eggs, especially the omelette, tasted terrible. I’ll go back to the old fashion way. Returning.
 Tried all kinds of things and could not get hard boiled. Sent back.
 It works great and is easy to use.  The only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is the buzzer is pretty awful.  It is super loud and goes until you turn it off (or at least I've not been able to wait for it to turn off).  Ideally, it would be great to turn this on and then go get ready for the day, but as it is now, the buzzer would wake up the whole house.
 I raise chickens so peeling hard boiled eggs was a pain. This egg cooker has inspired me to start making deviled eggs again because they are now easy to peel. The finish buzzer is loud, so one cannot make eggs quietly. Also good for scrambled eggs.
 This item works well but the timer is extremely loud and long. It even scared my dog!
 Love, love this product. Use it daily. Perfect outcome each time. Easy to use.
 Does exactly what I bought it for! Love to make boiled eggs!
 This little unit really is nice to use and does the job perfectly.
 I got laughed at for ordering this but now everyone I know wants one. The eggs peel SO EASY.
 I love how easy to use this product is!! No checking on it, no worry, just perfect eggs the way I want! Now the only downside, it is not super durable. It arrived with one handle broken and the plastic is pretty flimsy and I can see my teenagers breaking off the other on soon. Other than that, an A+!
 I was fairly skeptical of this item when I purchased it, but have to say that it works perfectly.  I use it a lot for hard boiled eggs (egg whites) that I eat every morning.  I used to deal with tough to peel eggs that were torn up by the time I got done with them when cooking on the stove,  This cooker makes peeling my hardboiled eggs simple and easy.  No lost egg white in the shells anymore.  May end up buying several more as gifts.
 It just doesn’t RAPID cook! It takes 10 mins which is the same boiling!
 I love my egg cooker!! It works perfectly every time - I get perfect hard-boiled eggs every time with minimal effort!! Highly recommend this product!!
 it works perfectly! Once you get the right amount of water you'll have perfect eggs in a flash!
 The instruction were triple typed over..can't read it......so can't rate it
 This is a breakfast game changer! Cooks eggs perfectly every time in 1/5th the time.
 I live in a small NYC apartment and this makes my life a heck of a lot easier. The cooker is simple to use and makes the eggs perfect and EASY TO PEAL every time. The timer is a bit annoying but it does the job and lets me know when they are done so i can take them off. Great product.
 My 15 year old daughter bought this. She makes eggs almost everyday now. Loves how easy it is to use.
 I use this for boiled eggs. With just a little water, it cooks super fast. Eggs are always easy to peel without dip into cold water.
 Eggs are perfect, every time! Yes, it's a brain-jangling alarm that goes off, be prepared.
 This little egg cooker rocks! Makes cooking consistently good eggs a dead cinch. Also love the small footprint and the fact that all the parts stow inside the locking lid. Have done boiled eggs of all types as well as poached eggs. Easy clean-up. Color me happy!
 An absolute must! Perfect eggs quickly, no boiling water on the stove top, no extra pans to clean up. Small light weight, easy to store in kitchen cuboard.<br/>Everyone needs this!!!!😍
 It's amazing how much easier this has made my life! My family eats a lot of hard boiled eggs and egg salad. I never knew something like this existed. This is extremely easy to use and was an excellent price.
 When I saw how petite this was, I wasn’t sure I would like it.  It is so simple to assemble and use.  Easy least and I recommend it to everyone.  The eggs come out perfect and the texture is wonderful, not rubbery.
 Bought it for a friend. I assume everything was fine. Haven’t heard different.
 ......however, the "done" alarm is LOUD and unpleasant.  Like a fire alarm.
 We are traveling the country in our RV and have used the Dash Go for the last 8 months or so.  We love it.  This is so much easier than boiling eggs in a pan and consistently makes great hard boiled eggs.  We liked ours so much we bought this for our kids.
 I love this gadget. Takes all the guess work out of cooking eggs. Couldn't be easier.
 Omgosh! We love this!!! Perfect HB eggs. No green edges. They peel perfectly. Follow the directions and you’ll be amazed. Also, the omelette tray works great. We’re very happy.
 This is amazing! We make eggs every day now.  Used to be this big process to make hard-boiled eggs to get out the pot you boil the water you have to cook him hope they don't break but I'm cool down everything and now this thing makes it super super easy!
 Mom used to make me soft boiled eggs n toast. I can't make one to save my life. This machine for the money is incredible. So easy. No guessing. Perfect eggs every time! And makes them in many ways. Very satisfied.
 If you are doing Keto or just simply love hard/soft boiled eggs you’ll love this. Shell peels right off !!
 Best option is the hard boiled setting so that's what we'll use it for most. Poached was yummy, but made the eggs appear smaller in size. I prefer a regular omelette on the skillet over this one. Hard/medium boiled is great though! Buzzer is loud, but you can't miss it from anywhere in the house!
 Love it!  So easy to use. Once you figure the right amount of water for your preferred egg style, it’s awesome for breakfast!  Don’t base your cook time on time alone. Play with the water level until you get what you like.<br/>I will say the alarm is crazy loud and annoying but whatever! 🤷🏻‍♂️
 Use it almost every day for hard boiled eggs. Eggs come out perfect every time. Shell never sticks to egg when peeling. Burner plate gets  a little nasty from burnt minerals. Tried distilled water, didn't make much difference. Oh well.
 Great product just very loud in the morning but highly recommend it if you like to eat hard-boiled eggs
 This egg cooker works great... easy to use... just follow the instructions and you can't go wrong...
 This is really kool...I hate having to stand around watching my egg dish...made perfect soft boiled eggs and a neat omellete like a McMuffin
 Works really well, for hard boiled eggs, poached eggs and little omelettes. It was super easy to set up and comes with very easy directions. Great to give as gifts, many people don't have them and don't know what they are missing. Good price too
 this does not auto shout off~~!!!<br/>i believe heat may turn off but.. not the nasty sound (alarm) whatever it is.. needs to be fixed.
 Just bought one based on the good review but was very disappointed! It made very lound and scary sounds when the eggs are ready, like a fire alarm. Please do not buy. Will return back!
 The alarm is extremely loud. Even louder than the fire alarm. I have to set another timer and shut it off before the alarm. It's TOO LOUD, especially in the morning when everyone else is still sleeping. I found myself using it less and decided to shop another brand. Really disappointed that #1 best seller turned out to be like this.
 Love this little guy!!! I cook all the time, but getting my eggs exactly how I wanted them (soft, medium, hard boiled) was always a mysterious challenge! Now, the guessing is gone and they come out perfect every time! They peel sooo easily too! I agree with other comments though that the VERY loud, high pitched timer might be a little unnecessary lol! Anyways, love it!
 Absolutely love this egg cooker 17 minutes let the eggs cool unbelievable fast! Like it so much I'm going to order two more for Christmas gifts!
 I am enjoying Eggs almost every day. It does a great omelette or scrambled. It even poaches.
 This baby works great! We have done hard and soft boiled eggs. Beware. The alarm that goes off sounds pretty close to a smoke alarm. So if you’re not use to it or expecting it it’s gonna scare the crud out of you!
 Worked really great the first few times,  makes soft boiled and medium boiled eggs great but hard boiled and poached are always runny or  raw
 This product has completely blown me away. My egg situation has never been better. Buy it. You will not regret it.
 This cooker takes the guess work out of boiling eggs. Works very well and the cleanup is very easy. Greta idea nd product.
 We make hard boiled eggs a lot. Bought this and it is perfect. Eggs are done, and easy to peel. We decided to use the omelet maker one day, and it made really fluffy omelets. Very pleased!
 I purchased this to replace my older egg cooker. I find the alarm at the end of cooking too quiet. If you are not nearby, you won't hear it. I do pierce the eggs but for some reason the shell breaks during cooking on almost every egg. That was not happening to its my old cooker.
 I got a more expensive egg cooker here on Amazon that had auto shut off.  However it didnt make a noise when it shut off so the eggs would just sit there and over cook.  This egg cooker is 1/2 the price and makes a pleasant noise when finished.  Get this one.  I love you dash egg cooker
 this works perfectly.. I have tried all the internet hints for better boiled eggs..  this one did it in 12 minutes and the shells peeled easily  I will be giving these as gifts going forward.. I think everyone should own one
 Where has this been all my life.  Works great, fast easy and inexpensive.
 Grandma loves the convenience and ease of this egg cooker. Cooks perfectly every time.
 Best boiled eggs I've had in a long time! Perfect medium boiled eggs (really) and no more overcooked yolks on my hard boiled eggs. Couldn't be easier to use. Highly recommended.
 Love is not a strong enough word! This makes the best cooked eggs-perfect medium boiled. Doesn't smell like boiled eggs. The poached needed a little extra time, but much easier than actual boil poaching. Cannot live without it.
 Egg is still clear and runny.  I want to return it!!! but can't figure how to.
 I find the eggs a bit underdone at the nominal water levels shown on the included measuring cup.  Adding more water than indicated and/or letting the eggs sit a couple of minutes  before removing them from the cooker fixes this for me.
 I held off on getting this for a long time because it felt like just one more appliance to clutter my kitchen. I wish I hadn’t waited so long to buy it! It makes the perfect hard boiled egg. The eggs come out easy to peel and the yolk is perfectly creamy and yellow! The unit is actually pretty cute and small.
 Bought this for an exchange gift for Christmas but ended up with it after the gift exchange.  Went home and tried it right away that night.  Perfect hard boiled eggs in about 15 minutes.  Super easy to use and clean. The best part was that the egg shells peeled right off with little effort.  Highly recommend!
 Easy to use, despit instructions works well withoiut puncturing egges. Very easy to use. Good buy.
 I use my egg cooker almost every day for either breakfast or for making hardboiled eggs. I have to laugh because the buzzer makes me jump every time.
 I am horrible at cooking hard boiled eggs on my electric stovetop. This makes it so much easier and takes the guesswork out of it.
 Love it! Great for hard and soft boiled the omelette not so much. Easy to use easy to clean. The eggs even peel way easier. Great Value. I use mine at least once a week.
 Fast and easy eggs.  Good for steaming veggies, too.
 I love this thing!  15 minutes to hard cooked eggs!  Super easy to peel after dunking in cold water!  Only draw back, the finish buzzer.  Does it have to be so annoying?  I mean, it turns itself off when its done.
 This thing is so easy to use I can't believe it!  It makes perfect eggs.
 I made omelettes with this, but had to cook them twice and there was water sitting on top of them. Taste was good but not awesome. Not bad for the price though.
 Boiling egg with water is still faster than this.
 I've eaten 12 medium-cooked boiled eggs since I opened this thing. My life is changed forever. Also, the alarm is widely exaggerated by reviews. It's an ugly sound, but reviews made me expect a smoke alarm. It's not that loud, but good at grabbing my attention.
 Great egg cooker for poached eggs.  It's small and does not take a lot of space.
 This little egg cooker really works well.  Poached eggs just like Mom use to make...
 OMG I finally get perfectly cooked, easy  to peel eggs every single time. It consistently makes perfect little omelettes too. Wish I’d bought it long ago!
 Absolutely my favorite appliance. My family loves our boiled eggs and we all like them slightly different. Some hard some medium etc. This makes it so easy to make them, cooks them perfectly, and the shell practically falls off the eggs. Highly recommend recommend. Just prepare yourself for the buzzer when it's done. 😂 XD
 This is the best thing I ever bought...love love love it !!!! Works great
 Great product. Makes boiling time a breeze...so easy!! A must have.
 Works good
 This Dash Rapid Egg Cooker makes perfect hard boiled eggs every time.  Not so great for omelettes.
 Hmmm I made better eggs without this machine 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️ What a waste of money
 It works great but under cooks hard boiled just a bit
 I love soft boiled eggs and this makes my morning eggs easily without me having to boil water and set a timer. The eggs come out perfect every time. It can make up to 6 eggs at a time. I've used it to make hard boiled eggs as well. There are directions for omelettes but I haven't tried it.
 It worked very well for about 1.5 months but not long after the return window closed it stopped working. The hot plate continues to work but the light and alarm stating that it's done broke. I wish it worked for longer but Dash is going to replace it. They made it a pretty easy process.<br/><br/>The device makes cooking eggs much easier and more convenient than boiling water!
 The buzzer is the most dreadful sound I've heard. My 3 year old cries every time it goes off because it scares her so much. The hard boiled eggs are good, but the eggs cooked any other way in this are awful. Aesthetically it is okay to look at.
 This product is amazing! No fuss, no confusion, perfectly peeled every time. I have now made dozens of hard boiled eggs with ease and can have on the go eggs for breakfast. I absolutely LOVE this product. Worth every penny spent.
 Gave this as a Christmas gift to my housekeeper after reading about it on C-net (of all places).<br/>They recommended it as an absolutely terrific and very inexpensive present.<br/>Seems they were right.<br/>She loves it.
 A very handy gadget. Once we learned how to use it( which isn't difficult) and it is well explained. It takes up little counter space and we find ourselves using almost daily.It cooks eggs perfectly quickly.I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
 I loved mine sooo much because its ease that I ordered one for my mother too! She feel in love with mine while here visiting so I surprised her with her own,
 This is perfect for people who are on the go. I eat boiled eggs as a snack and this cooks them to perfection. What I have noticed is they are easier to peel if I leave them sitting in the cooker about 2 minutes after the buzzer has gone off and then put them in the fridge for about 10 minutes the shell comes off in almost one piece. Definitely reccomend. Only downside is that you can only fit 5 jumbo eggs instead of 6.
 I bought this in Jan but we were moving so decided not to open until we moved. It was open box like new package damaged it said. When I opened it was used and parts missing. I’m outside the return window so I learned a lesson on opening and not buying open box from now on.
 I love this egg maker, I use it all the time and it's perfect. The only problem that I have is that the buzzer is super loud and obnoxious, and I wish there was a way to turn it off.
 Easy to use and clean. Happy with this purchase.!! Thank you.
 nothing not to love about this product! Exceeding the expectation!
 Handy and efficient. Can prepare more than just eggs. Good for steaming as well.
 I'm actually boiled *snicker* over at how well this product works! At this price point, I really thought we were in for disappointment, but I tried it anyway based on the great reviews. WOW is all I have to say. This little cooker packs a massive punch, and handles hard boiled eggs (our main use) with incredible ease. You really do set it, forget it, and return to perfectly cooked eggs.
 I bought this to quickly soft boil eggs vs cooking them on the stove in a pot of water. It failed to evenly cook them always and I experimented with several ways to do it with the water levels and times and egg amounts. The eggs would be raw in certain areas and overcooked in others. It's also quite flimsy and and a little difficult to figure out how to set up at first.
 This product is amazing! Perfect hard boiled eggs in 16 minutes and they peel so easily! Just ordered another one for my parents!
 Works well, but you have to play around with it and experiment to get the best cooking times. The times in the manual made my eggs overdone.
 yes, the alarm is LOUD...but...this thing make PERFECT hard boiled eggs and they peel so easy.  i highly recommend this.
 Bought as a white elephant gift and everyone thought it was great. Only issue is it is sort of small and won’t cook as much as i would imagine.
 Well, here I was trying to be healthy and make my egg whites at work, when all of a SUDDEN- WEEE UUUU WEEE UUUU. The LOUDEST most annoying ringer lets your whole work office know that your eggs are ready!!! NSFW, not suitable for anyone with ears. Just, no.
 After 3 attempts, I’m giving up on this product for poaching eggs. It undercooked the egg every time. When I added more water to cook it more (and you need to add a fair bit to prevent the buzzer from turning back on), the yolk wasn’t runny and the whole egg was over cooked. First pic is what it looks like after following the instructions. Second pic is the poached egg placed in the omelet dish so you can see how undercooked it is. Third pic is the over cooked egg. I didn’t try the other egg functions - I purchased it for the poaching, which is the hardest for me to get right on the stove top
 Inexpensive and works very well for both soft &amp; hard boiled eggs. The poached eggs come out pretty well, once you experiment with how much water to use. I liked it enough that I bought one for work, too, so that I can bike to work and then have some soft boiled eggs for a protein-rich breakfast.
 Did not cook the eggs well and then the shells were almost impossible to get off the eggs. Very disappointed.
 Works fantastic! Have used this several times now and every batch comes out perfect. Easy to use, easy to clean, delicious hard-boiled eggs.
 My husband wanted this. One more thing for the cabinet. Actually it works really well to my surprise. I have tried hard boiled and poached eggs and wala they turned out great.
 My egg cooker comes in so handy!  It cooks 6 eggs at a time, which is handy.  It has been cooking my eggs to the right temperature, with perfect shells 95% of the time.<br/>This is a great investment.
 Probably the best gadget out there!!! This thing is awesome! If you like eggs and hate the process buy this!!!
 Works as advertised. My wife likes hardboiled eggs, for breakfast, during the week. This offers a quick "set and forget" method and uses minimal water.
 Had a previous model of this amazing cooker and bought one for my parents.  The one I have did not have the buzzer that goes off when the eggs are done - I prefer mine since the buzzer is annoying and won't shut off until you turn the unit off, but it's probably safer.  Anyway, it cooks hard boiled eggs perfect and is so much easier than boiling eggs.  Also cooks a mean omelette as well.
 The best way to cook hard boiled eggs especially for egg salad or deviled eggs.
 Been using this for a month with zero issues so far. Love it and it's super easy to use. The color is really pretty too.
 Works great! I can now have eggs in the morning in the matter of a few minutes :) I am on the keto diet and consume many eggs a week. This product has simplified the whole boiling process and I can now have eggs poached or boiled hard or soft as i would like. Love this!
 Works just as described. After seeing this item used at my home all 6 of my children purchased. Quick, clean and a great kitchen tool.
 I love this thing. Cooks hard boiled eggs everytime. I poach eggs at least two times a week. Poached eggs vary. You have to be presice with the water. Hard boiled eggs peal easier after cooking. This would make for a great gift. Great Purchase!
 Works so good, eggs peel so easy.  I purchased another for my son who loves soft boiled eggs.  They are perfect every time.  I used it daily for hard boiled.  Highly recommend
 I have only used once but after following simple instructions I have four perfectly cooked hard boiled eggs with easily removed shells!
 Where has this been all my life? Makes perfect hard boiled eggs!
 my sister uses this every day and loves it, i also have one and use it allllll the time
 Love eggs and thought this could make them more convenient, but rather stick with a pot of boiling water or a pan as this has more steps and cleaning.  Works fine, just doesnt offer any more convenience than simply cooking eggs the normal way.
 One of the best discoveries I've ever made. Always had trouble boiling eggs too long or not long enough. This makes them perfect every time and has a built in alarm.
 Love this egg machine. Less mess than boiling water and eggs are easier to peel!
 Makes perfect hard boiled eggs. Still trying to figure out how to make poached eggs and omelets. Does make a very loud buzzer sound when it is done.
 Cooks my eggs just the way I like them every time
 I was intimidated at first because you have to make a small hole in the egg before cooking, but once I actually made some hard boiled eggs, I realized the process is extremely easy! It does exactly what it says it will do and it does it perfectly and consistently. What more can you ask?
 So far so good! Makes delicious eggs! Set it and forget it. Makes it easy for my parents to make their eggs throughout the day. Highly recommend it
 Perfect hard boiled eggs every time! So easy to use. I loved it so much I gave to a friend &amp; bought another larger one for myself from the same company so I could poach more than 2 eggs at once. This is well worth the small cost.
 The steamed hard boil eggs creates a lighter texture  for the yolk. Also they are much easier to peel than boiled.
 Easy to use.  Even I didn't mess up the eggs.
 The Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker is a great little egg cooker and does the job well.  The eggs cook to the proper consistency and the measuring cup with its egg-piercing needle makes cooking eggs a breeze.  Unlike another egg cooker which I bought before this one, the cup has very simple, easy-to-use, easy-to-read markings for the proper amount of water.  Clean up is quick and easy.  The lid is easily removed by a handle on the top thus preventing one's hand from being scalded by hot steam.  It is capable of cooking up to six eggs in a small space and even works well on an office desk.  Also, it has an automatic shut-off when the cooking is complete.  Well, I should say it has a semi-automatic shut-off and, hence the need for the annoying buzzer.<br/><br/>Many have written about the annoying buzzer, and one even stated that a modification was performed to disconnect the buzzer.  However, caution should be given to this because after the plate cools the thermal switch will return to its normal state; i.e. closed.  Consequently, the plate will begin to heat again, the light turns on, and the buzzer will stop until the plate becomes hot enough to open the thermal switch again.  I discovered the reheating cycle when I, too, disconnected the buzzer because I did not want to annoy the rest of my coworkers.  As I sat working on my engineering drawings, I would hear a click.  At first, I did not give it much thought as I thought the device had "automatically" turned itself off and, thus, was cooling down.  After a couple of clicks more I knew it could not be due to cooling and upon investigation, I discovered the cooker was hotter than I expected after supposedly turning off and cooling.  It was as though it never turned off.  Therefore, if one elects to modify this product to eliminate the annoying buzzer, please beware that it is not entirely an automatic shut-off, one must be attentive to when it does shut-off, and manually deactivate the power switch.<br/><br/>I am giving the Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker four stars because it could use a minor improvement.  The design needs to incorporate a switch that will disable the buzzer for those who do not want it but, too, the product needs a truly automatic shut-off to which once it has powered off cooling does not automatically turn it on again.  These changes will meet the needs of those who do not want the annoyance of the buzzer and will make for a safer product regardless of whether one wishes to use the buzzer.  Otherwise, the Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker is a great little cooker that meets my needs well.
 Bought for my sister for Christmas and tested it out today and it worked perfect!! You can also cook many other foods with this item!!
 In love with this product and my kids easily can use it as well.
 Makes easily peelable hard boiled eggs! My only complaint that the water seems to burn onto the metal plate EVERY SINGLE TIME leaving this rancid smell... can't quite figure this one out yet.
 Makes great soft boiled eggs. Perfect every time.
 This is amazing. The eggs pull directly away from the shell. It shuts off automatically when finished. Make sure you either rinse with cold water prior to peeling or wait until eggs cool down before doing so. It's a real time saver in the mornings. Start it up, walk away to get ready for work, come back and it's perfect.
 Best way to cook boiled eggs. After my wife had used one at a friends house we bought one for ourself, and then decided to give it as a Christmas gift to a few other family members. Love this egg cooker.
 It works great but I make eggs in the morning and the alarm is so god damn loud I can't use it because it wakes up the whole house. I wish you could turn the alarm off, if I could it would be 5 star. But it's collecting dusk because of the unnesisary alarm.
 Even using the appropriate water levels the eggs to not cook to a full hard boil state.
 Simple easy and way to boil eggs with no mess and cleanup
 Absolutely awesome product!!!<br/>So happy I bought this on an impulse!!! Makes perfect hard boiled eggs, omelets, and soft boiled eggs!!!
 Love it , we cant live without it, have spread several throughout my family, its a great gift to anyone 👍🙌
 Extraordinarily easy to use. Predictable results.
 easy to use and it's so awesome!<br/>Can cook eggs within 7 min.
 Soft-boiled Eggs came out perfect.  It has a nice loud alarm that goes off when the water has evaporated and the eggs are done.
 This thing is great for having eggs in the morn without any real cleanup. It also sounds like a fire alarm which helps me get out of the shower quicker so I don't scare people
 Worthless appliance.... poached eggs came up horrible.
 Very easy to use item no guessing with egg Benedict. Hookup and let it do its thing.
 I love this thing... It works perfectly as advertised. I use it almost every week and eggs are cooked perfectly
 Hard boils eggs fast and easy.  Love it!  It's not too hard to clean either as long as I wipe it clean right away after use.
 Everyone is getting one for Christmas next year! Love this 👍
 Takes a few tries to get the water level to match your prefered doneness but overall works great. Omelette feature is cool as well and the few made so far have turned out great. Minus 1 star for the completely useless alarm that sounds like a high frequency sound byte of nails on a chalboard that goes on for entirely too long.
 I use this any time I need hard boiled eggs. I haven’t really experimented very much. I love the way the eggs peel so easy!  Oh, the eggs are done by the time the toast is!
 Love this egg cooker. Simple and a great recipe booklet with it. Makes a great loud noise when done. We thought it was an emergency siren a few times lol. Would recommend and buy again.
 Easy to put together, easy to use, easy to clean. There’s a timer so I never have to worry about over boiling eggs on the stove. Got one for my parents too!
 awesome little cooker. boils the eggs perfectly.
 Timer no longer turns off automatically, gotta set your own and watch.
 Everyone needs one of these if you boil eggs more than once a week! I wish I had got the 12 egg one though. And yes the alarm is ridiculous!
 When you plug it in it turns on, even if I press the power button it doesn't turn off and you have to unplug it to get it to shut up. (The alarm is overwhelmingly obnoxious DX)
 Have only used for hard boiled eggs and I love it. Extremely fast.
 Easy and quick!  I can't make poached eggs in water to save my life, but I love them. Now I can have them anytime. Hard, medium, and soft-boiled eggs perfect every time, as well. You'll never miss the alarm when your eggs are done, either...it could raise the dead!
 We use it almost every day. Makes perfect eggs.
 Bought this for my son who is away at college.  He likes hard boiled eggs and they make a good snack when he is at class.  He uses it at least 3 times a week, mostly for hard boiled eggs.  He also can make a few at a time for egg salad.  The eggs are hot when they are done so a good idea to let them cool for a bit before you peel.  It can also make soft boiled and poached. A good buy.  He is very happy.
 A+<br/>= great eggs and completely no hassle.
 This is an awesome product!  I have used it now everyday for a week. This makes it so easy to hard boil eggs, no cleaning pots and pans.  If you rinse the eggs as soon as they are done cooking in cold water the shells just slide right off when you peel them.
 does what it says. cooked my eggs good. easy to use.
 Making soft boiled eggs with this is a breeze, the other functions, I would prefer to get an actual pan for.
 Great product, eggs come out right every time.  I would buy again
 The buzzer is off putting but this little machine gets it done....true set it and forget it tech (at least until that buzzer omg) lol
 This unit is quiet small but functional.
 Makes great hard boiled eggs in little time with little fuss.
 The egg cooker is very good, however, I recommend adding a couple of minutes to the estimates that are given on their instruction manual. (Mostly with regards to the hard boiled eggs!)
 I like to consider myself a good cook, but for the life of me I just can’t get my hard boiled eggs the way that I want them. Not only does this little thing help with done-ness, it also cooks a whole lot faster than boiling a pot of water. It’s the appliance you never knew you needed.
 The cooker works even better than I expected. It is quick, no mess, cooks exactly as set, easy clean up. I am very happy with the cooker.
 Perfect eggs every time.  So easy and fast.  We love it!
 This Egg cooker is okay while the heating plate is easy getting rusty.
 Very, very simple to make perfect hard boiled eggs every time.  The Egg Cooker sense when the water has all turned to steam so it turns off on its own and sounds an alarm.  No need to watch the clock or set a separate alarm.  Clean up is also easy; I just rinse off the plastic tray while its still warm.
 Love this egg cooker.  You can peel the eggs so easily after they cook.  I know 4 other people that bought one after I did and love it.
 Too much work for what u get. Then u have to clean it
 I enjoy this.  You need to add a bit more water than you think as it evaporates quickly.  Other than that, it's a great staple in my kitchen.
 I love this handy appliance. It works well. Super easy to use. The noise it makes when it's finished is SUPER annoying. So far I've only used it for hard boiled eggs and it's worked perfectly every time.
 Works perfect for hard boiled eggs. The eggshell slides off easily.
 Finally a cooker that consistently cooks perfect hard boiled eggs.<br/>Process only takes about 20 minutes.<br/>Always cool eggs in ice water for 5 minutes after cooking.
 I love this my best purchase this year.
 This has so many functions for eggs it’s crazy! Very loud ting when done so you can’t not know it time to get them out! The omelet isn’t to bad!
 Wow I love this product so much . It’s so easy to use and you get perfect eggs every time!!
 Still seems like a great idea, but I haven't figured out how to  use it yet.
 Use this almost everyday. Great for hard boiled and poached eggs. Cooks quickly and easy to clean!
 I eat boiled eggs daily for breakfast but I could never get them quite right. This handy gadget solved the issue. I can just set-it-and-forget-it! It steams the eggs perfectly and the shells slip right off.
 Love that this is sooo easy and small. My eggs peal sooooo fast
 It's alittle weird that you have to stab a hole in the eggs before cooking them but this little thing does work well
 Takes 2 runs for hard boiled. It has a buzzer that goes off and prevents you from being able to cook them all the way. Worthless junk.
 This will sound cliché but I was skeptical to try this egg cooker. I never seem to have luck cooking eggs on my own so I pretty much never do it. These eggs came out completely perfect and it was so easy to use and the shells flew off with ease!! I’m amazed and will be making eggs all the time now. I was a paying customer- didn’t get for free.
 Making eggs just became easy. Before this product when making boiled eggs I would destroy them while pealing. Now it is so easy and my finished product is a perfect egg.
 I ordered this for my wife, and she likes the convenience of being able to make poached eggs without having to boil water.
 Excellent, Just as described. Smaller than I thought but its a good thing
 Love it! Cooks seven eggs in about 18 minutes! Alarm goes off to let you know they are done. A VERY LOUD ALARM....I use mine every day!
 This item is one of the best and most fun kitchen gadgets I have ever tried. So easy --fill with water in base and poke a hole in top of eggs and that is it....16 minutes later you have perfect hard boiled eggs ready to cool and the shells practically fall off......Love-Love-Love it !!
 Cooks well and nice simple design, but I wish the alert tone wasn't so intense. Also the eggs are hard to peel compared to when I boil them in a pot.
 LOVE THIS! no more wondering if my hard boiled eggs will turn out or not!
 Best purchase of the year. Cooks faster and peels better than traditional cooking methods. Parents love it for hard boiled eggs on their salads and easy deviled eggs.
 Nice little helper. The buzzer sound is aweful but does the job!
 The key to perfectly poached eggs is to place the poach egg tray on top of the rack used for hard boiling eggs and to add the correct amount of water.  Love this product!
 This product is so quick and easy to use. My teens are now making a quick breakfast before school. Our hard boiled eggs are turning out perfect. I think this may be my new housewarming, or wedding shower gift to give. LOVE IT!
 I was skeptical about this. I've only made a few good batches of hard cooked eggs. Mostly I'm peeling shell and egg whites simultaneously, truly a pain!<br/>I'm ecstatic! Perfect hard boiled eggs EVERY TIME! If you prefer hard cooked eggs a bit softer, dip the in an ice bath directly after cooking. I just let them cool naturally so they're more firm.<br/><br/>I like that it came in red so that made me happy. The tiny size fooled me, but its everything an egg could wish for.<br/><br/>I measured the water into the bottom wondering how this could really work... 7-10 minutes later the little machine announced with a shrill tone that the eggs were done.<br/><br/>I carefully lifted the lid, lifted the eggs out and plunged them into an ice water bath. After letting them cool, I peeled 2 so easily it blew me away!!<br/><br/>The reviewers who claim that the dishes got burned beyond use must have missed the part that warns NOT to place the plastic dishes, one for an "omelet" and one for poached eggs directly onto the metal water heater plate on the bottom. Understandably they would melt with direct contact.<br/><br/>I am so thrilled to be able to make a good hard boiled egg!! One of my favorite dishes is egg salad with deviled eggs coming close behind. Prior to the purchase of the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker, it wouldn't cross my mind to volunteer to make either for company.<br/><br/>I like that it turns off automatically. The design is intuitive, the stainless plate cleans up nicely.<br/><br/>I'm impressed!!<br/><br/>One last word: cleaning the stainless plate couldn't be easier: when finished cooking, pour a very small amount of water and vinegar into the pan and allow to sit for a few minutes, wipe with a paper towel. No stain!! So easy!
 This works great. Excellent buy for the price. Much easier than making hard-boiled egg in a pot.
 Love this product and give it as gifts too. It’s so easy to use and makes perfect eggs each time. You set it up and walk away. I highly recommend this product.
 Egg poacher doesn’t poach evenly in the thick plastic tray. ‘Omelette’ ends up water-logged and bready. Hard boiled eggs work fine. My last electric egg poacher worked much better. I regret this purchase.
 Need to either bring eggs to room temperature or add more water to make poached eggs, good product but just need to adjust to your preferences
 I’ve done my best and tried every egg and I can’t get it figured out so I’ll just use it to hard boil eggs, all others don’t seem to work. Cute screechy thing.
 I love this little egg cooker! It's so easy to use and doesn't take up any space in the kitchen. Hard boiled eggs are no longer an issue to get right and it makes great omelets and soft cooked eggs for Eggs Benedict. This model has a better buzzer when the eggs are ready.
 Super easy to use. I love this thing. The only sad part is that the poached egg function isn't really like a poached egg so I'll stick to the traditional ways to cook them. But otherwise it's great making the hard boiled eggs and even omeletts.
 I love hard boiled eggs but am an awful cook so I couldn't enjoy them unless my mom made them... not any longer! Fill with water, toss in the eggs, and in 10-15 minutes you have perfectly cooked hard boiled eggs.  I usually will place them in a bowl shortly after they're done and stick them in the fridge, and they peel perfectly from the shells the next day. A+
 Makes the best eggs.  Takes the guesswork out of cooking eggs.  Made hard boiled and poached; both came out perfect
 Fast shipping, product as described.
 I love it. it works quick loud alarm but I'm ok with it. the first time I heard the alarm I nearly jumped out of my skin. LOL
 You can boil eggs on the stove just fine, but this egg cooker is faster and does a better job.  I like that it's compact and stores easily.  I've only used it to hard boil eggs so far and they come out perfectly.
 This cooker tends to undercook my eggs so far.  I will add more water &amp; let them sit for a little longer before cooling
 Works great.  Nice loud continuous alarm that I can't miss if I am engrossed in reading
 I've had the Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker for a couple of months already and love it.  I use it every morning to make hard boiled eggs.  They come out perfect every time, no matter how many I make at once.  I really like the alarm that lets you know when the eggs are done.  The noise isn't too loud and obnoxious, and it isn't too faint either.  I would definitely recommend this egg cooker to anyone that is looking for one.
 Very neat, easy, quick and clean way to get perfectly hard boiled eggs!
 Made perfect boiled eggs! The buzzer that signals it is done sounds horrible though. Sounds like a smoke alarm, which is alarming... Need to see if that can be turned off.
 You can't make hard boiled eggs this perfectly in a pot &amp; they peel so easily!  I accidentally put one in the cooker with a hairline crack and it STILL turned out perfectly!! Try that in a pot of boiling water. NOT!! ..  Easy  cleanup - wipe it out. Couldn't be simpler.
 Best egg cooker.  I bought others. They were bad.
 I loved this for eggs. They came out perfectly, even with fresh from the chicken eggs. I was so impressed! The done alarm is a little loud, but that is probably good in our house.
 The is a really simple to use egg cooker. We use it often and my 6 year old even makes eggs for us in the mornings. Only improvement, the required water amount could be on the base of the unit instead of only on the little measuring cup that comes with the unit, just in case it gets lost.
 The best product I've bought for my kitchen in a long, long time! I love that eggs cook in 12 minutes because I don't usually plan my meals that far in advance! The only area that they need to improve is the timer (for when the eggs are done cooking) is terrifyingly loud. The first time it went off, my roommates and I thought the loud noise was our carbon monoxide detector was going off and we all ran out of the apartment. I've used it 20+ times now and it still works as great as the first time!
 This item doesn’t work I wanted hard boiled eggs 🥚 and it didn’t work. I tried twice making it very upset 😠
 Wish it was bigger so I could make more at a time. Only used it for hard boiled, and it does them perfectly
 Did not cook eggs thoroughly. Very disappointing.
 I give this two stars because it works well enough, but it’s important to note that any way you try to cook your eggs with this will take 2-3 times longer to finish than what the directions suggest. Also, be aware that even though the machine shuts off when it’s finished cooking, it also activates a continuous buzzer that I at first mistook for a fire alarm until you push the power button.
 How did I live without this? perfect eggs every time. Small so it doesn't take up cabinet space. So glad I got this
 It doesn't sound difficult boiling an egg but I found myself just doing without because of the process. The Rapid Egg Cooker is awesome! It works great, easy to use, and fast!
 I’ve just recieved the cooker and tested it out. It’s pretty impressive. Cooked the eggs perfectly and was easy to use. Was much smaller that I pictured but got the job done. Really annoying alarm but minor inconvenience. The shells came off super easy and all of the egg was left intact.
 The poached egg function is just ok but the other functions are really good. I live alone. I hate boiling a big pot of water to make an egg. I can make one egg in this. I really like it
 I made hard boiled eggs in this for the first time this morning while getting ready for work. Once they were done I wrapped them up in a paper towel and took them with me. They were still warm when I easily peeled the shell off and ate a healthy breakfast. It was so easy!
 I made a one egg omelette. It was way over cooked, hard and dry. Won’t attempt that again. Have only had it for just a few days so that’s the only function I’ve tried.
 Love it!! It's quick.  The signal that tells you the eggs are done sounds a bit like a warning signal for a radiation leak. LOL
 This egg cooker received some rave reviews which is the reason i purchased this for my wife for Christmas. It is absolutely terrible. The device only cooks the top half of the eggs and the rest is raw. We followed the cooking instructions to the letter. Terrible product. Do not waste your time or money.
 This is a great little gadget. It cooks the eggs fast and perfectly, with no mess. Good price for the convenience. Liked it so much I bought two more for my son &amp; daughter. They both love it. Would highly recommend.
 I love the convenience, simplicity, and efficiency of cooking eggs any way that I like. Clean-up is easy and, when assembled, it stores dry smartly in a self-contained space with a very small footprint.
 Easy to use and easy to get going!
 I like being able to just put the eggs and and know they'll be done at exactly a certain time.<br/>Honestly haven't tried doing anything else with it, but I thinks it's terrific just for hard boiling.
 This is exactly as described. Works very well for my needs.....quality seems good. Will purchase again
 Where has this device been all my life!  Makes perfect hard boiled eggs Everytime.  Read instructions carefully so you know what you're doing, including how to clean.  Haven't tried the other recipes yet but this is going to be ordered for my family and friends as gifts.
 Worked great! Then the timer stopped working and I have to unplug it to turn it off. Still usable but i have to keep a close eye on it
 We live in a high altitude state and have struggled to get hard boiled eggs right since we left the ease of sea level. This egg cooker got hard boiled eggs right the first time! My husband was so happy to have perfect hard boiled eggs for the first time in years.  Bravo!
 I use this four or five times a week, After a little "adjusting of time cooked" eggs always come out just the way I like them.
 What a great little product. Use it a lot for hard boiled eggs and they really do peel much easier than the old fashioned way of cooking them.
 So far I am adding more water than is noted  for hard boiled eggs and poached eggs. I do like the ease of cooking but based on my experience the water levels are off.
 Love this product. So easy and cool perfect eggs every time.
 love this thing! finally my hard boiled eggs are perfectly done for easy peeling. can’t overcook as there’s a shutoff. can’t wait to try poaching .
 WORKS LIKE A CHARM!!<br/>Hate those hard boiled with the gray between the yolk and the white?? yeah, this doesnt do that!!!! freaking amazing product!! lovin it!!
 Does a great job. Eggs easy to peel. Only problem is you have to watch it and take the eggs out as soon as the light turns off to really get a soft boiled egg.  Why doesn't this thing come with an audible alarm?
 I love hard boiled eggs, but I hate how long it take the water to boil.<br/>This product cuts the time significantly and it makes it so I can make myself 2 hard boiled eggs right before heading to my workout or work in the morning, which normally would not be the case.
 LOVE this product. So helpful!!❤️❤️❤️
 OMG, I love this thing. I have been trying for years to get a well cooked egg that peels easily and hadn't found the right method. Bought this on a whim, but glad I did. I plan on giving these as gifts to my kids.
 I love this little amazing gadget!!! Made the most perfect, easy to peel hard boiled eggs!! My eggs were fresh so I was curious about the ease in peeling. Everyone was commenting on how loud the alert is, so I had my husband take our 2 fur babies outside so it wouldn't scare them, but honestly it wasn't bad at all! I highly recommend this product!
 The Dash Rapid Egg Cooker makes it easy to make perfect poached eggs with no mess and easy clean up.
 Do not like as well as my old one. Eggs not as done as they should be. Screech at end of cook cycle is awful.
 This small appliance is fun and easy. I can have breakfast in minutes right in my room any time I want. I've made different kinds of omelets and they turn our great.
 This was great for a month or maybe 2.  But after that, the eggs come out soft boiled even when filled to the hard boiled water line.  I can get the eggs kind of hard boiled (still a little soft) by going way over the line with water but then it takes a lot longer to finish.  I believe I have the heating surface properly cleaned but it still has the same problem.
 My husband loves this egg cooker
 Bought one for my Granddaughter and she love it.  So, I then ordered two more for my daughters and they love them.
 junk,,,, threw it in the garbage
 Perfect eggs, no way to overcook. The first batch I thought the alarm was an amber alert on my phone. Definitely gets a person's attention.
 Love this gadget hard boiled never been so easy to cook &amp; peel. I wish it could do a dozen instead of just 6 eggs
 I tried my Dash this week to make a Poached Egg... they were not even half done when the timer went off...how can I remedy that?<br/>My daughter made Hard Boiled Eggs in hers and she said they were not fully cooked..?<br/>is there any secret to get it to cook longer?
 My sister had one and I purchased one for my Dad who loves hard boiled and soft boiled eggs.
 Great little egg cooker. Only complaint is that it doesn't automatically just shut off when finished, instead it sounds a continuous alarm to remind you to get your eggs. Not quite what I was hoping for, but it makes great eggs and I would recommend this device.
 Does what it says it will do.  Will purchase another for a gift.
 Was really excited to get this, I love poached eggs but don't have the time in the morning to poach them... I thought this would be the answer. Sadly no. Followed the instruction for the poached eggs, the yoke was over cooked and the white was clear in the middle. So it clearly does not cook evenly. Also, the unit wobbled on the counter.
 Works great! Very easy to use and eggs came out perfect. I never had boiled eggs peel this easy! FYI I read a bunch of reviews that said this didn't have a buzzer. Mine has a loud buzzer sounds like a alarm clock when eggs are done.
 Perfect Eggs every time, I love this product
 Works well, except that the eggs don't get hard boiled at high altitude. They come out medium at best. I'm sure that at lower altitudes it does a great job.
 Buzz is awful. There should be a way to turn it off or choose different sound.
 Does exactly what it promises.<br/>Super easy
 I truly am pleased with this item, came on time.  It works perfect and very happy it hard boiled an egg super fast, man in my life loves boiled eggs but forgets them on the stove.  Now never will happen timer is good and loud.  Set it and forget it LOL
 I was introduced to this item from my sister - big-ups to you, sis. This item creates a superior way of achieving hard boiled eggs over the traditional boiling process. It is extremely easy to use. The alarm indicating cooking is finished is very loud.
 This little egg cooker makes perfect hard boiled eggs every time!  I'm not sure how I made it this far without this little cooker.  I love that it fits perfectly on my counter without taking up too much space.
 Great little egg cooker. Would recommend
 easy to use. perfect eggs each time. buzzer loud and makes using easy. No more mess with boiling water. boiled eggs great. poached eggs great. soft boiled eggs terrific. Product worth the price and easy to use.
 Don't really ever leave reviews but this thing actually works !!!  It is hit or miss for me when I try to make hard boiled eggs, I followed instructions exactly and they came out perfectly cooked and easy to peel !!!!!  Wow !!!
 The item arrived on time and in good shape. The eggs are cooked perfectly all the time, and at all the different settings. We love it, and use it daily!
 I use it all the time. Sometimes i need to add more water to make the omelets and basted eggs, but the hard boiled eggs are squared away every time. I'm not sure why it struggles to cook the omelets and such with the marked fill lines, hut it does.
 Just say yes and click buy.  It is beyond worthy!  All claims of greatness are the truth.  Love and use several times a week!
 Its really nice when you buy a kitchen gadget that works perfectly! I wasn't sure if this was going to work like it said it would but I was very impressed with the ease of use and the way the hard boiled eggs came out. I would highly recommend this to anyone that would like to cook eggs with no effort at all.
 Eggs peel so easy. And I always use brown eggs.
 It's the most useful unnecessary piece of kitchen equipment I own.  I love it.  It makes cooking my eggs so easy however, it makes this horrible buzzer sound when it finishes.  It's loud, annoying and does not stop until you push the button. You still have to be present to take the lid off to ensure that your eggs have not overcooked. However, it saves lots of washing up and meets all my needs. I use it every week. No regrets buying it.
 Works good. My only omplaint is I like my eggs hard-boiled and I often have to leave it in the cooker an extra 2 to 3 minutes after it's done so I can cook like that otherwise it's not completely hardboiked.
 The sound when the egg is ready is super loud!!  Wakes everyone up in the morning, can't turn the alarm off!
 I eat so many more eggs now. So simple!
 This makes excellent hardboil eggs. It's fool proof.  The shells fall off. So easy.
 I love this little thing! Cooks the eggs quickly and perfectly every time.  I also love that you can make soft, medium, or hard-boiled eggs. Use it every week!!
 Makes perfect hard boiled eggs. Easy to use. I’ve been wiping it clean with a damp cloth but it does have some residue build up. Great value, happy we bought it!
 This product was recommended to me by a friend.  It's a quick, easy way to cook eggs and easy to clean.  I only gave it 4 stars because even though it does have auto shut off when the eggs are cooked, it doesn't make any sort of sound to let you know it turned off and that the eggs are done.  You have to try and time it or be right there.  Otherwise, I love it!
 This egg cooker is a tool that I use at least 2x a week.  I cook hard boiled eggs in it and they turn out great. Easy to peel because they are steamed. The buzzer is very loud, but not a problem.
 Fast, no hassle, love it!!!!!
 My new favorite kitchen gadget!!!! Cooks eggs perfectly and super quickly.  I almost didn't buy duentomorevious reviews, but I am so glad I did.  I can quickly make eggs for snack and breakfast and I know everytime they are perfect and SUPER EASY to peel.  Win win all around &lt;3
 Simple and fast.  Buzzer is a bit annoying, but then it is supposed to get your attention.
 Works great highly recommend
 This works perfectly for hard boiled eggs, but it did no work AT ALL for omelettes or poached. I use it very frequently for
 The best purchase I've made in years. Always perfectly cooked and easy to peel.<br/>Why didn't I buy this before.
 Works great. We use it every other day. Perfect eggs every time!
 If you hate peeling shells that stick to the egg, you must try this gadget.  I have 100% perfect eggs every time I use it!  Love the color too.
 Does what it is advertised to do. Have made hard boiled and poached eggs with much success.
 I do not know why I waited so long to get this. Such a lifesaver in the kitchen. One of the best things invented since sliced bread
 Love this!! I could never get the prefect boiled egg on my stove but this is a huge game changer! So easy to use with instructions. Recipes also come inside the booklet!
 It's very easy to use. In less than 30 mins. I have perfectly done eggs &amp; cooker is clean &amp; put away. Didn't give it 5 stars as amount of water needed for 16 mins. of cooking time is way off. Had to experiment &amp; overflow unit to get time needed. Haven't used it for omelets.
 Used this so many times and still works like day one. The eggs are so easy to peel compared to boiling. I will never live without one of these.
 This thing is phenomenal. No matter how you want your eggs, they turn out perfect every time. I highly recommend this product. Inexpensive and well worth it.
 My husband is in egg cooking heaven with this thing!<br/>It works so efficiently, it’s pretty amazing! We’re impressed!
 Works perfectly I love hard boiled eggs and this makes it super easy to throw them in for the day and never have to worry about over or undercooking
 Best and easier way to hard boil eggs. So much easier than putting eggs in a pot on the stove. Not sure how I lived without this before.
 I font Really know much about this i bought this as a gift
 Love this!! Don’t write many reviews but this egg cooker is so convient I had to let others know. I never manage to get soft/hard boiled correctly in a pot but this makes it so easy.The only thing I dislike is the hideous alarm
 This thing is awesome!! We use it all the time! Perfect eggs each time.
 Works great—although puncturing the eggs is slightly challenging.  (I’m always nervous that I’ll break the shell and it will spill all over...)
 None of the other recipes work except for boiled eggs. Another piece of plastic junk. Use your IP or stovetop saucepan...less things to store around the kitchen.
 This is cool....hard boiled eggs EASY PEASY....I like poached eggs too...leave them in a minute or two longer after the (annoying) buzzer goes off.  Best $18 bucks I ever spent.
 We live on an Urban Homestead with a large flock of Chickens and Ducks. For years we have been hard boiling eggs the old fashion way, in a pot of boiling water. Lets just say that it was tedious, inconsistent, and often prevented us from hard boiling eggs we collected from our flock! We have now processed 3 batches of hard boiled eggs through the Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker and I could not be more excited! It couldn't be easier, Place the eggs, start the cooker, and walk away. The cooker then sounds the alarm when the eggs are done. We made a large batch of Deviled Eggs and every egg came out perfect. Another batch was for egg salad sandwich and again the eggs came out perfect and consistent. I can't believe that I waited this long to make the switch. If you like egg salad sandwiches, deviled eggs, or hard boiled eggs and love things being simple.... This egg cooker is for you! It also does poached eggs and omelets, making this small cooking machine capable of multiple dishes. Highly recommended!
 Great product, easy to use
 works perfect . eggs peal perfect every time .
 Works amazing!! Cooks to perfection.
 Can't get enough of this little thing. Cooks 6 eggs in 15 minutes. Perfect every time.
 I had the old model of Dash egg cooker and it was great. This one has yet to cook eggs right. Will probably throw it out. too late to send it back. They made the parts all plastic and it just does not cook the eggs evenly. too bad..
 Easy to use! Just follow the lights! The eggs at the furtherest end are not as well cooked - my only problem. But I let them stay in the cooker longer!
 It seems to work alright but I'm not giving it no five stars maybe later I have to use it more than once
 Makes hard boiled eggs fast and it’s actually fun to use
 Use it a lot. Work like advertised. I would rub oil or use Pam on the tray. though.
 This little thing is EXCELLENT! My husband uses it almost every day to make different types of eggs. So far, we have been very happy with it. The color is cute too - a kind of minty green.
 This is the second one of these that I've purchased.  Both work well.  They're great for poached and boiled eggs.  I haven't tried them for an omelet or fried egg.  They turn what used to be a big production and a requirement to closely monitor the task into a set and forget deal.  The first one, I've had for a couple of months without issue.  Both were delivered quickly.<br/><br/>The amount of water required to cook the eggs to their desired done-ness requires a little experimentation after receiving the unit.  Once established, the results are consistent.  The device cools off quickly.  Unless an egg breaks, the unit stays remarkably clean and is easy to clean if it does get dirty.  All the plastic parts go in the dishwasher and clean easy.<br/><br/>One thing I do is to put just a little spray of Pam into each cup when poaching and the eggs come out real easily with a skinny spatula..
 It just works as designed. Saves me a lot of time for breakfast.
 If you eat eggs on a regular basis, this is a super convenient little gizmo! Not only does it make the boiled eggs ridiculously easy to peel, it can make poached, omelets, steam salmon and veggies! I love it and plan to purchase the larger model.
 Very easy to use.  Takes up very little cupboard space.  A worthwhile purchase.  A big plus is no strong  EGG smell.  Boiling eggs always smells up my kitchen but there is zero smell with this little gadget.
 A hassle to use and, contrary to other reviews, does not make it easier to remove shell. Would return it if I was not outside return window.
 It under cooks the eggs and It sounds off a buzzer you can’t shut off. I tried leaving the eggs longer to possibly cook all the way but that gawd awful noise...maybe it would make a better alarm clock. Get what you pay for I guess.
 I got mine as a gift and I just love  it.<br/>Easy to use,  easy to clean and put away.
 Normally I have a hard time cooking a soft-boiled egg but with this Dash Go it's pretty quick and easy. All of the guess work is taken out of it so all I have to do is pour in a premeasured amount of water, let it cook, and enjoy!
 We use this regularly.  Love the ease of it.
 Great little cooker.  My daughter uses it for hard boiled eggs.  I tried an omelet and need some more practice at that one!
 Perfict eggs every time.
 Easy and fast use.  Makes perfect hard-boiled eggs every time.  The hole you poke in the shell before cooking let's steam get into the egg.  The result is that peeling is incredibly fast and easy; the shell almost falls off.
 Cool idea.  Saw it at a friend's place and bought it for my roommate as a Christmas present; he eats a lot of eggs.<br/><br/>In the end it was too... another kitchen gadget.  We ended up sending it back.
 This is the best item I bought on amazon. In the stove took like half hour to boil the eggs and with this  egg cooker maker took less than 10 minutes
 It definitely cooked the eggs nicely. But I followed the instructions and they were really hard to peel.
 Even my 13 years old kids are using it.  Loved it.
 my wife loves it so for
 much better then the old way
 Great time-saving device and it works!
 Other egg cookers I have owned Leaked. Not this cutie. It works like a charm.
 Great product, by far the best deal, but what is with the unstoppable, wounded-baby-bird shriek of a buzzer?  "Your unrealized chicken embryos are cooked, just thought you should remember what animal youʻre eating."  I highly recommend this if you hate your housemate who likes to sleep in.
 So easy to use!  Makes 6 hard boiled, easy to peel, eggs in about 5 minutes.  It works great.  I poached eggs in it for the first time this past weekend and they turned out really nice as well.  I would definitely buy this again.
 First time I made hard boiled eggs I filled the water to the appropriate line of the measuring cup provided.  The yolk was a little soft. The next time, I filled the water to the top of measuring cup and the yolk was better. Maybe it's a preference thing....
 For some reason this did not work at all - I have no idea why. I tried doing the hard boiled eggs using the measuring cup for water, but it started beeping almost immediately.<br/>I turned it off and retraced my steps and started again, once it had cooled, but same thing.<br/>I've returned it, hoping for a refund.
 missed my return deadline. makes an AWFUL NOISE when its done cooking, isnt faster than pot boiled eggs, also they seem more hot and unevenly cooked on the inside.
 It Does exactly what it said it would do,<br/> and I’m bored of it.<br/>thank you
 Awesome 👏 product.  I never have to boil or place eggs 🥚 in ice water 💦 again!
 I make hard boiled eggs in this constantly! It's easy to use and clean. I don't use it for anything else besides hard boiled eggs TBH so I haven't tried the other attachments.
 This is the easiest way to cook hard boiled eggs ever and cleaning the machine itself is a breeze! I'm very happy with this product.
 I love it! Easy. Recommended by my boyfriend. Was weirded out by the idea of making omelettes with it, but they're actually yummy! My dad uses it more than myself!
 It's great for boiled eggs.  It's ok for poached eggs.  It's really rubbish for scramble/omelet.
 Fast and furious cooking! Leaves tons of mineral residue from water so that’s the only annoying part
 This thing is awesome.  Makes perfect eggs every time.  Omelets are fluffy and delicious.  Great for people that must multi task in the morning.  Set and forget, no need to stand over the stove anymore.  Easy to clean too.  I wish I would have bought one sooner.
 Life changer! It cooks the eggs perfectly.
 Have used this almost daily and love it- yes the buzzer is extremely annoying but this thing makes boiled eggs fast that are easy to peel and help me keep up with my proteins.
 Does the job...but the tray calcifies and gets gross pretty quickly, and the vinegar solution they recommend to clean it doesn't really work.
 This is the one!.  Got this to replace my old egg cooker.  After much research I picked this one.  No negatives- perfect hard boiled eggs.  Would definitely recommend and/or buy again.
 t woks without punching eggs.  When you punched them, it causes a mess because the white part of the egg go out and generate foam !!!  If you dont puncture the eggs, they are cooked really good.
 Great product. Fast shipping
 This product is amazing. Very fast, easy, and perfect every time.
 This product change my life. I love it. Shells are so easy to peel off and the omelet and poached accessories are great too. If you’ve wondered if you would like this, just go ahead and buy it. I don’t think you will regret it.
 Easy and quick to use. cleans easily too. Best feature is how quickly you can peel the hard boiled egg!  didn't care for the omelet.
 The appliance works fine, but I use jumbo eggs and the cover does not close. The eggs are too tall
 Great little kitchen gadget! Cooks eggs perfectly while I get ready for work.
 On time and works really well. The eggs are boiled perfectly EVERY time and they are soooooo easy to peel!!! Love it :)
 Works perfectly!  Just ordered two more for gifts.
 This device makes it very quick and easy to make wonderful boiled eggs... hard, soft, or inbetween.  The other ways to prepare eggs that this handy egg cooker makes available are both creative and very tastee!  I am very happy with this product.
 Best time saver!! I use this constantly and bought one for my dad. Love!
 i love this thing.  i use it all the time.  great invention.
 It works wonderful!! Every single time the eggs comes out perfect, and easy to peel. Small enough that looks cute in the kitchen, and won't take a lot of space to move it around every time I am done using it. I only wish it would turn off by itself once the eggs are done, instead of me turning it off when it beeps. My mornings to get out the door with two young ones takes a lot of my time.
 Did not work for me.
 I don’t know how I even made eggs before my egg cooker arrived. Game changer. Only bad thing is the HORRIBLE blood curdling timer that continues to scream until you turn it off. Eggs come out perfect every single time
 I bought this its useless
 This is so easy to use just read the directions. Perfect eggs every time!! I love this little gadget.
 Does everything promised. Hard, soft or medium boiled, poached.  Only thing if you use a very large egg it will take longer than the "hard boiled" timing...you have to do it again for few more minutes or it won't  hard boiled.
 It’s perfect I use it for my toddlers boiled eggs
 It'z Ok, but I found that I had to add water to the very top of the cooker &amp; cook 15 mins. to get a hard boiled thats right for me.  I think elevation has alot to do with it.  I'm at 5100 ft.
 I love this!! Cooks eggs perfectly! The shells came right off. Just had to rinse them under some cold water and they were off! Hardly any cleanup and easy to clean! I am considering buying the bigger one!!!
 Love the ability to hard boil several eggs at a time with no pans or clean up.
 We’ve had this egg steamer for over a year and use it at least 3 times a week. We LOVE it. One of the best purchases I’ve made on Amazon! The eggs come out perfect every time. My only wish was that it cooked more than 6 eggs at a time.<br/><br/>Ps. White eggs steam best.
 My only complaint is that there is no way to turn off the annoying buzzer automatically.  It tends to wake everyone in the house and continues to buzz until someone physically turns it off.
 I love this thing! Cooks the eggs perfectly and quickly. The sound it makes when it is finished is a bit annoying but I can live with it. What a great tool to have, especially when trying to get in that healthy protein.
 Perfect boiled eggs
 This thing is great. I followed the instructions to a T and hard boiled eggs come out perfectly. Haven't tried anything else with it but it makes cooking hard boiled eggs 99.9% easier
 It's compact and , so far, works great. A number of pieces have to be stored for other uses.
 Perfect product for those (like me) who struggle with hard-boiling eggs. Each batch turns out perfectly and are easy to peel.
 I love this egg maker. It makes boiling eggs easy and convenient while I am in school. I have lost 15 pounds since I have started eating boiled eggs for breakfast.  For 20$, I have been assisted to have boiled eggs daily and this appliance has really helped me eat a healthy breakfast each day.
 I normally don't purchase appliances that will only perform one task, but I was interested in this because I live in California and look to save water whenever I can. With this device I can hard boil 6 eggs at once with about 1/3 cup of water, much less than the traditional way. And I like that I can just walk away while they're cooking. My only complaint is the high-pitched alarm that goes off when they're done cooking. I'd just as soon use an old-fashioned egg timer.
 Quick easy egg cooker.  The screech when it is done makes you jump out of your skin and the bottom gets that rust color they are talking about really quick, which can change the color of the egg that touches the water, but doesn't affect the egg at all.
 No complaints! Love it! Makes perfect soft boiled eggs in a jiffy!
 First omelette... Yummy!  You may have to adjust the water gauge for your preference, but I love this little gadget! Easy clean up as well. That is a big plus for us!
 We eat lots of medium boiled eggs for lunch and snacks. This is very convenient. Does a nice job on poached also.
 Bought this as a gift for my friend &amp; he LOVES it, says it works perfectly &amp; is “too cool”.
 Awesome and quick, 6 eggs in 14 minutes with no clean up.
 Love that I can have hard (soft, medium) boiled eggs in minutes without monitoring the cooking process.  It will save $$ by offering a quick hearty breakfast without the frozen meal or meal out price tag.
 This is the perfect product for boiled eggs and omelets. You never have to worry about your product being over cooked!  Love it!!!
 If you are on the Atkins Diet, this is a must-have.  Hard-boiled eggs and egg salad are one of my fave &amp; quick go-to foods and this little cooker comes in very handy.  In just 7 minutes, you will have 6 hard-boiled eggs ready to go (I put mine in ice water after cooking).  This cooker is SO easy to use: measure your water (in the provided cup), pour water into the bottom of cooker, put your eggs on the handy little holder (pointy egg side goes up), poke a hole in the top of each egg, cover, plug in and in 7 minutes, the alarm goes off (rather loudly which was good for me because I was outside gardening) and your eggs will be ready.  I have to say also that they come out PERFECTLY (no dark ring on outer edge; only completely bright yellow yolks).  Also easy to clean with one swipe of a Magic Eraser.  I highly recommend this product.<br/><br/>I have not tried the product yet for soft-boiled or poached eggs (yet).
 Love this little appliance.  Makes great boiled eggs quickly and without my standing over them with a timer.  Well designed.
 All I use this for is making hardboiled eggs. People have commented on the loud alarm. It is annoying but not as bad as I feared. Anyway it's great, I love it, nuff said.
 works great. have to put in more water if you use large or jumbo eggs
 I only gave it a four star rating because the one I received was broken. It’s a good thing I bought two of them  and the second one works great. I really enjoyed the poached egg part of it it makes perfect poached eggs in no time at all.
 Efficient egg cooker.  A healthy way to cook hard and soft boiled eggs, omelettes, and poached eggs. Easy to clean and operate.
 It has a loud alarm when the cooking is done. Sounds like a fire alarm. I took this to work and colleagues got scared 😆. Lol. But it's easy to use and cook in your home.
 I was amazed at how well my eggs "boiled". Easy to keep clean as well. I have not tried to poach eggs yet.
 Who would have thought a little kitchen gadget would create such joy?  Great tasting eggs, steamed veggies and even omelettes- all quickly made in one little steamer...
 Wonderful for quick and mess-free hard boiled eggs.
 Perfect egg maker! This was a lifesaver during Easter meals. It was one less stove burner I had to use.
 Amazing egg cooking machine, fast and easy and healthy choice!
 Makes hard, soft, and medium boiled eggs perfectly!  I don't care for the omlette tray or the poached egg tray, but this thing is great!
 This is a great egg cooker.  In a few minutes the eggs are done.  It has a loud buzzer to alert you when eggs have finished cooking. Very easy to peel eggs too.
 Love it! I bought one as a gift and one for myself! It’s very easy to make my hard boiled egg before I go to work in the morning
 Very good quality - Time will tell - NOTE - the buzzer is a bit loud! if no buzzer at all, this would be a 5-star
 This is perfect for getting hard boiled eggs quickly. Easy and clean to use.
 This thing is awesome!  I have nothing against other languages, but looks like someone with an English as a 1st language wrote the instruction manual.  Was refreshing to read clear instructions.
 It works as advertised. I make 6 hard boiled eggs in 16 minutes and they are perfect. After cooking, I drop them in a bowl of ice water and they peel easily.
 Works exactly as described. I only use it for boiling eggs and it does that really well. Quickly and precisely.
 Makes life easier, I make hard boiled eggs frequently and this product really simplifies it. Makes perfect hard boiled eggs.
 I love this little gadget!!  My husband and I eat a lot of hard boiled eggs and this really comes in handy.  I haven't had 1 under or over cooked egg yet!  I do have to say the buzzer was a little terrifying the first time as I wasn't expecting that type of sound, lol, but I have gotten used to it.  Well worth the money!
 Makes eggs very efficiently. My girls love to help cook and this makes them feel so good when their efforts turn out well. Need to tweak the water to cook time ratio a bit but it's been fun to use! This tiny contraption would be perfect for a college student. There's an auto shut off, don't worry!
 I would buy a 6th STAR! This is a perfect egg appliance. I only review awesome. This IS awesome. Perfect and easy to open hard boiled eggs. Wow!
 Fast ship. Great price. Easy to use. Easy to clean.<br/>I will NEVER go back to boiling eggs the old fashioned way.<br/>Even my husband loves using this.<br/>Perfect eggs... every time!
 Awesome product. Perfect eggs in 15 minutes or less. Yellow yolks and so easy to peel
 Works way better then I would of ever have guessed love this so much
 This thing is really cool!  Glad eggs are good for us again, or I'd be in trouble with this egg cooker!
 Works great.  You might have to make a minor adjustment to the amount of water you use based on your personal preferences.  Wife enjoys the simplicity of use.
 Very simple to use and quick. Awesome purchase.
 I love this product. I enjoy hard boiled eggs but I hate having my whole house smell like eggs. Also knowing when to take the eggs from boiling water, everything to make hard boiled eggs was a pain. Now I can make them in less than 20 minutes with minimal clean up. And the eggs peal wonderfully! Plus the buzzer is loud and I can't miss it, even from rooms away.
 Super fast. Super easy. Adorable little egg cooker.
 I'm very picky with how I want the eggs cooked. This is very precise and will cook the eggs soft boiled, hard boiled or in-between, however you want it. Just follow the measuring cup suggestion. Oh... and the shells comes out so easy.
 Boil eggs perfect
 exactly as described.
 Excellent 😁 100% recommended
 This is the best thing ever. I mainly use it to make perfect hard boiled eggs. I always overcooked eggs on stovetop because I would get distracted and forget they were cooking. This cooker has a very loud alarm that goes off when eggs are done. No more over cooked eggs for me. I love it!
 This egg cooker is very convenient, it allows you to select the egg boiled level. Awesome!
 difficult to use (have to punch a pin hole on the egg). The result is not consistent.
 Every one should own this.  Have had one for over 20 years
 Works as advertised. Boils eggs. No complaints.
 I love this little machine.  Perfect eggs every time.
 Amazing product. 100% recommended.
 Worked great the first few times.  Now just leaks a bunch of water and makes a huge mess.  Eggs arent consistant.
 No stove needed. Hard boiled eggs perfect and omelet is amazing. Haven’t done a poached egg yet but it will probably be great. All you have to do is use the right amount of water.
 Didnt cook eggs thoroughly underneath. Egg white wasnt cooked when using the steamer. Returned.
 This replaced the first one I had bought about 2 yrs ago and the updates on this one are really better for me and much easier to use for me.
 Extremely easy to use and gives reliable results with each use , Have used it on a weekly basis and other than a small amount of staining on the heating element was very impressed
 Good but not BPA free
 Does what it says on the tin, quick and easy hard cooked eggs, came out just right. Loses one star because the timer is so loud and obnoxious it reminds me of my grade school fire alarm
 Perfect eggs every time. Has saved my loads of money already
 I love this! My eggs come out perfect each time! I lost the egg piercer and measuring cup during a family function. I'll have to call and see if they can replace it :(
 Love it<br/> Works just like they say. Peeling eggs is a breeze.
 Cooks my hard boiled eggs perfectly. The buzzer sound is horrendous, so I try to turn it off quickly. I bought one for my dad as a gift.
 I love this eeg cooker. It is so convenient, easy to use.  It gives you a peace of mind without worrying about over cook or under cook your eegs.  But it needs to be mentioned that the space between the eegs are good for large eegs, not for jumbos
 Our dash egg cooker would be amazing but it didn't come with all the pieces. We don't have the boiling tray handle. I guess this was a returned item and was never inspected. I mean, I guess we will make it work. But at least do a quality inspection before mailing out your goods.
 This was purchased as a gift so I don't know how it will be received.  I got the idea when I borrowed my neighbors Dash and absolutely loved it, so am sure that this will be a hit.
 This would have gotten five stars if it wasn't for the horrible alarm that goes off when the eggs are done.  The eggs come out amazing and it definetly is much easier than making hard boiled eggs in a pot but I tend to just stand in the kitchen now until the eggs are done so I can turn off the machine the second the alarm goes off because it is this terrible screeching alarm.
 It makes the boiled eggs very well however the timer alarm is extremely loud. It sounds like a building fire alarm. I will be returning it just because of the loud alarm.
 It’s so easy, and the eggs come out perfectly. I ordered a second one as a gift.
 Perfectly boiled eggs in hardly no time at all.  Best to use distilled water.  It is a true set it and forget it appliance.  Also it has a loud buzzer telling you when<br/>its done.  Cooks six perfect eggs at a time.  (You should always cook six to get the best result).
 Recently, I have developed computer elbow in both of my arms, so I cannot boil a pot of water on the stove without risking injury. This prompted me to look for a boiled egg maker for the microwave. When I looked at the available options, I ran into suggestions for electronic egg cookers instead. Given the low cost and simplicity described on how to use this egg cooker, I decided to try it out.<br/><br/>From using it the past several days, it has several great benefits that make me ecstatic that I chose this unit.<br/><br/>1) Light weight<br/>The unit is very very light weight. It weighs approximately 1 pound and lifting the lid or parts to clean them or take out food doesn't hurt my arms.<br/><br/>2) Simple<br/>The instructions aren't overly complicated and all components needed are with the unit, including a piercer for the egg at the bottom of the small water measuring cup. It's covers with another cup to avoid injury. Since the cup fits inside the unit when it isn't being used and you can lock the lid to keep things together, losing the components would be difficult.<br/><br/>3) Affordable<br/>The cost of the unit was under $20<br/><br/>4) Fast<br/>Hard boiled eggs cook in approximately 12 minutes. When the water is done, the unit shuts off and beeps. I can get ready in the morning and come back to freshly cooked boiled eggs!<br/><br/>5) Safe<br/>The fact that the unit auto shuts off when the water is gone along with the knob on the top of the lid and handle to pull out the boiled egg tray, this machine is safer than either boiling water on the stove and trying to get eggs that way or using a microwave egg cooker and risking moving the machine out of the microwave.<br/><br/>6) Small size<br/>The small size means that I don't take up much kitchen counter space for this unit. I don't have a great deal of space available, so this was an added benefit.<br/><br/>Other than how extremely loud the beep is when the unit finishes, I cannot see a single thing that I don't like about this machine. It even has the capability to cook omelettes and poached eggs along with things like broccoli and salmon.
 So in love with this item that I finally ran out of eggs. I had 3 dozen, and they were all eaten in 2 weeks. Honestly, that's because of how exciting I find this egg cooker and how simple it makes cooking eggs of all types!
 Cooks hard boiled eggs perfect and takes out the time guessing game.
 i never got as far as hard boiled eggs ...but i tried two eggs- not sure if i was missing something but ... i added the right amount of water and followed the instructions ....ended up with something that looked like i blew my nose and that was the end of that .
 As Advertised
 Bad quality. Oxidation
 Good product! Simple, works very well and quickly!
 I make hard boiled eggs all the time.  I have burned 3 pans letting the water cook out!  This is foolproof!
 Made hardboiled eggs, using the time  in the booklet.  Eggs came out  overdone and too much grey on the yolks.  Will see what happens when I try to pouch some for Eggs  Benedict.
 I know it might seem silly to buy something like this when you can just boil or steam your eggs in a pot but for the price and the EASE of use for this appliance, I love it.  And the eggs come out PERFECT and very easy to peel.  Highly recommend!
 Such a cool little device that is easy to use! Makes eggs effortlessly. My only complaint is that the timer is insanely loud and doesn’t stop until you go turn it off. Almost sounds like a fire alarm.
 cooks boiled eggs to perfection and in less time than on the stove. Ready buzzer is a plus.
 This never fully cooked the eggs, even hard boiled.
 So easy to use! Hard boiled eggs were perfect! No more using my electric kettle.
 This is the best egg cooker ever. I cannot for the life of my make a hard boiled egg on my own.  When I received the Dash Egg Cooker that all changed!  The eggs come out perfect and the shells are so easy to remove. AMAZING.
 Tried it out on eggs I wanted soft to medium boiled. Instructions were easy and it was quick! So much easier than boiling as it automatically shuts off!
 Amazing and easy to use. Follow the directions!! GREAT product
 So quick and easy.  Shells peel right off.
 Works great. Soft boiled eggs are delicious, but always make sure you puncture the hole! I forgot once and it was impossible to peel my egg because of the water build up inside.<br/><br/>The buzzer is extremely annoying!
 I am constantly amazed at how well this product performs.  It certainly "boils" the eggs as it claims to do.  This product is a "keeper".
 Small for storage gave me soft cooked I wanted
 great item
 I was truly surprised how good this worked. Would recommend. Great gift if you love boiled eggs!
 Great lil kitchen gadget.  Cooks perfect eggs in minutes.
 Works good
 nice egg cooker but I threw out the white egg plastic part .I can I order another one with out buying another egg cooker?
 I was a little concerned with some of the negative reviews.  I don't know for sure but I'm assuming if someone had issues, it was because they weren't following instructions.  It's works great for me - just follow the instructions, which are pretty straightforward and easy to follow.  Specifically, for hard boiled eggs, use more water (AS SUGGESTED IN THE INSTRUCTIONS) for extra large eggs.  Make sure you are using the all of correct accessories too.
 It works good but I HATE it makes fire alarm sound damn loud.
 I am a single 66 year old male who finds this has taken the guesswork and work out of hard boiling eggs.
 I love this egg cooker! Easy and quick to make hard boiled eggs with easy peeling shells. I’ve also used the omelette option, easy and good for a quick breakfast. I highly recommend this egg cooker. Friends have used the soft boiled option too.
 Use small eggs
 Somewhat disappointed with this product.
 This cooker is advertised to automatically shut off. Mine does not. I called the company and was told that it does not automatically shut off. There is a signal when it is done, but then must be shut off manually. Other than that it works fine.
 I was not sure this could work well for my hard boiled eggs but was very impressed.  I only have one tip is to leave eggs in cooker for about 2-3 minutes after finished then into ice water.  They peel so easy.  Did not try to make anything else
 Must have for all hard boiled egg lovers. Makes perfect eggs everytime.
 great price
 I love this thing, it's amazing! Cooks eggs so fast and so easily, you don't have to baby them or worry about accidentally cracking them. I'm not crazy about how the poached egg comes out, but would buy again for the boiled (hard, soft and medium) are perfect.
 doesn't cook as well as our old egg cooker--sorry--also costly and a pain to return
 I don't know how I missed this for so long. Love it so much I buy them as gifts.
 Fantastic value for the money. Our office actually provides eggs (crazy right?!). I bought it for the office and it is used about three times daily by those who prefer omelette or hard boiled eggs. The only thing that I dislike about the product is its annoying alarm.
 One of the best things in my kitchen.  The color is just like the picture, which isn't always the case.  Very easy to use but beware of the buzzer when it is finished cooking the eggs.... very loud.
 Bought it for my mom, she thinks it's great!  Seems a bit light to me, but it was inexpensive. Eggs are cooked, and that's what is important.
 Easy to follow manual. Works as instructed. Would like to add - go for Large eggs. Not Jumbo - they don't fit so well. 6 Large - perfect.
 Loses two stars for the horrible fire alarm at automatic off.
 first time in 15 years I can get a soft boiled egg... or boiled perfect for deviled eggs..  works great.. I recommend it to everyone that likes soft, medium or hard boiled eggs..
 Shuts off early and has yet to cook an egg or an omelette correctly. Everything is under cooked. Probably an altitude issue. I live close to 6,000' ASL.  Cooked an omelette twice, finished it in a pan on the stove. Tried to cook 1 egg and 3 eggs to make them hard boiled and all were soft boiled no matter how much water I put in.
 Cooks eggs flawlessly and the shells peel right off my hard boiled eggs!
 Hard boiled eggs perfect every time.  So easy to peel.  Make sure you poke holes in the bottom.  Walk away for 16m and bam you got breakfast.
 No more cracked eggs in boiling water. The eggs are cooked perfectly. No muss, no fuss.
 Work good
 It made eggs nice once and the second<br/>Time<br/>It burnt :( I got a faulty one I think because ive had one before and never had this happened
 Makes the best and easiest to peel hard boiled eggs I've ever made.
 I friend told me about this after I purchased another product that was way more expensive.  This Dash product worked out so much better!  I use it all the time.  Great product.
 DOA first time I tried to use it. No power to unit despite trying it in several outlets. Unfortunately it's beyond Amazon's 30 day return window. Shame on me. It won't happen again. Everything will be checked thoroughly when it's delivered. Hope you learn from my mistake. Now to see how well the manufacturer honors their warranty.
 This crazy little egg cooker is awesome! The shell SLIDES off and the yolk is a perfect yellow!
 Bought this for my wife, needless to say she LOVES IT.
 Love this cooker. I had my 5 &amp; 7 year old grandson's make their own breakfast one morning and it was so fun for them. We take it camping (glam camping if you must know. We have a 5th wheel... :) )  and I take it to work occasionally.  I love hard boiled eggs but hardly ever made them until now.  This may be Christmas gifts for my kiddos this year...hope they don't read this.
 Love this Cooker. Ive used it almost everyday  since I received it.  Husband eats poached eggs everyday which is so much better for you.What I like the most is the buzzer.You don't have to keep peeking to see if the water is all gone....Omelet tray I have not tried but will soon.....
 This was a gift for my sister. She uses it and said she likes it very much.
 The size is great, its nice and small and easy to use but the noise it makes when the eggs are done is horrible and the eggs are always full of water and the egg whites are always spilling over the top. I like many things about it that I might just order another one to see if maybe this one is defective.
 This little appliance is so easy to use and clean.  Perfect eggs every time!  To poach eggs I just played with the amount of water to make my perfect poach.  The shells slide off eggs so easy - no matter if a fresh egg or a week old.  Yayy!!
 Perfect eggs that are easy to peal every time. Comes with a piercing device on the measuring cup (Beware, I was tricked into buying one from the usually bought together line).
 Works as advertised and does poached eggs great.  Just wonder how long it will last as it is very cheaply made.  I would pay more for better quality materials.
 I have been using this for a few weeks now and like it. I find it easier than boiling eggs in a pot. I would recommend.
 I’ve been trying to find a way to hard boil my chickens fresh organic eggs.  The old fashion, boiling water on the stove method left the shell sticking to the white of the egg and ruined it.  This device makes perfectly peelable hard boiled eggs everytime!
 Works great we use it a lot
 Excellent poché eggs perfect
 I. Love. This. Thing!<br/>I make different types of eggs, of course, but I've discovered another use: I steam shrimp. I use frozen cooked shrimp and steam single servings.
 Simple, smaller than expected but works!
 Cooks the eggs fast and perfectly, I love it!  Easy to use.
 Bought this for a neighbor who would forget the eggs were boiling.  This egg cooker buzzes when done and just what she needed!!  Love it!!
 Works as advertised.
 Nice and easy to use !
 This product works great. I love hard boiled eggs but hate the hassle, this product makes it a breeze. Definitely my new favorite kitchen gadget.
 I love it! It’s so cute and large enough to do the job but still a really small appliance. It cooks the best eggs I’ve ever had. Every way the eggs are cooked they always come out soft and delicious. Where has it been my whole life?
 THE GREATEST LITTLE EGG COOKER I'VE EVER USED. I WAS SURPRISED HOW LIGHT AND FLUFFY THE OMELETTES COME OUT. LITTLE, BUT GOOD !!! AND THE HARD BOILED EGG. ARE NOT DRY OR RUBBERY LIKE THEY ARE SO OFTEN WHEN BOILDED IN A POT.
 Nice little gadget. Eggs cook well
 Would be nice if could make a dozen
 Just a great unit.  This is our 3rd as gifts after we started using one.
 Present for daughter in law
 After my first use I will say that I am never going back to boiling eggs again.  Perfect eggs without having to worry about over or under cooking.  Also cleanup is a snap, will save so much time and hassle if you are an avid egg eater.
 Extremely high pitch noise once ready...Sounds more like a fire alarm...Eggs tend to burst inside...Better boiling them using a pot of boiling water.
 I bought this for poached eggs, and it simply does not work. If you you the amount of water that is suggested, the eggs are not cooked, and it's basically trial and error until you get the right amount.... you get what you pay for I guess.
 Great product my mother loves it. The product works as advertised. Will make a video of the product later.
 I love this thing. Cooks super fast and perfect every time. I put my eggs in it and walk away; come back and they are all hard boiled perfectly. I eat a lot of eggs!
 Easy to use and works great
 I knew that I would love this because we already have one in the office at work that I had been using. I love that it is so neat and quick.  I use the poach and the egg boil function.  So much better than boiling eggs on the stove.
 Really disappointed in this!!
 Great product!
 I love this cute little egg cooker. It saves me so much clean up time, and the eggs always come out great! BEWARE, the alarm on this thing is something out of a chemical warfare raid...but it's a safety measure, so I get it. That's what lost it a star...
 cooks eggs perfectly but does have a really loud beep when they're finished. I wouldn't use this unattended even though it's supposed to have an auto shut off I think.
 My wife loves it
 Cooked eggs!
 Great way to cook eggs quickly and when you are at work.
 This thing rocks. Easy and fast soft boiled, hard boiled, poached, or omelette eggs with minimal work or cleanup. Egg salads, deviled eggs, egg sandwiches, go egg crazy! Two minor complaints: 1. The shape of their poached eggs is awkward for breakfast sandwiches. 2. Steamed dumplings (previously frozen) in the omelette tray come out a bit soupy, and I was better off microwaving these.
 I've only used this egg cooker once, but it worked very well and cooked my hard-boiled eggs perfectly. It was super easy to use, and is definitely my new go-to for breakfasts.
 I was looking to have an egg cooker that cooks eggs reliably without having to second-guess how much water you put in to have soft-boiled eggs.<br/>This does the trick for eggs coming out of the fridge, although you should certainly be careful not exceed the water level indicated.  Also, as opposed to our previous model, this egg cooker requires a fixed quantity of water for soft-boiled eggs regardless of the number of eggs cooked (same for other cooking options).  It has an on/off button and the buzzer volume / sound is reasonable without being obnoxious...<br/>I put the previous functional but unreliable (you could never know in advance whether the eggs would be soft-boiled or hard-boiled) egg cooker on our donation pile.<br/>The one small negative point is that the handle (black center rod connected to the platform on which you put the eggs) is quite hot and you need a towel to grab it.
 Love this!! We cook so many hard boiled eggs and this little gadget makes it so much easier. Pierce eggs, put in desired amount of water, wait about 15 minutes. Done! We peel them all at once and leave in a container in the refrigerator. The eggs peel so much easier than previous methods of cooking.
 The first time I used the cooker the needle in the measuring cup was dull and cracks the eggs. The cup also has a hole in the bottom. The cooker was fine other than that.
 cool
 Good
 I love this little egg cooker. It cooks the eggs perfect every time, and the shells practically peel themselves.  Clean up is super easy.  It's very lightweight and stores in a small space.
 I love this!  I purchased in March 2017 and it's still going strong. I primarily make hard boiled eggs.  I add a little more water for the omelette function or it's too runny for my liking.  Other than that I have no complaints at all. It's does what it's supposed to do and takes up very little storage space.
 So easy to use.  No manual timing needed.  The cooker turns off automatically when the specified amount of water is used.  As the instructions suggested I put them in cold water after cooking and they peeled perfectly.
 I read all the reviews before purchasing this cooker, and it works great. Sooo much easier and quicker than trying to boil them on the stove. Easy to peel, too. For the price this is a great little appliance.
 I love this product. I use it almost every day. If you enjoy poached eggs, you will love this product. Several pictures; rice, beans, egg &amp; guacamole the last photo is a potato latke with grilled salmon, egg and wasabi infused guacamole.
 Received unit yesterday. Opened box (looked like it had been opened previously and re-taped) and noticed immediately that it had been already used. It was dirty and scratched. Can't comment on the product itself, just the fact I received a previously used unti.
 Extremely easy to use! Eggs are perfectly cooked &amp; peel like a dream! No more torn edged deviled eggs!
 Where have you been my whole life........this egg cooker is the bomb!
 It is a good product. But it won't work well if you really use it everyday. Mine broke down after a dew month of heavy use .
 Does what it says.
 Absolutely love it. As someone who doesn't have a lot of time to stand around and boil water in a pot to make hard boiled eggs, I thought I'd give this a shot. I got it yesterday and tried it immediately. The eggs came out perfectly cooked. I couldn't be happier. It was so easy to use too!
 Love it! Makes perfect eggs every time. Easy to peel. Takes the guesswork out of boiling eggs.. Helps me with my keto diet meal prep. Best $15 purchase I have made.
 Great little machine, would get the larger one of you do a lot of hard boiled eggs
 One star off perfect. For me, the eggs cook on the under side. I filled the little cup to hard boiled setting and I got softer egg than I expected.<br/>THE ALARM SUCKS.<br/>It is loud in a shrilly kind of way.
 This replaced an old Krups cooker.  As with the old unit, I had to experiment with the timing.  Some reviews have criticized, but I think there are a lot of variables such as altitude, hardness and temperature of the water, and size and number of eggs.  I use cold tap water that is fairly hard and large eggs.<br/><br/>I found that cooking 3 eggs with the recommended water for hard boiled rendered medium (yolks set on outside and runny on inside) if you took it out as soon as the alarm rang.  However, letting them sit for 5 minutes longer after turning it off rendered perfect hard boiled eggs.  More water would work as well.  Poached eggs were underdone also and sitting did not help enough.  Plan to use more water.<br/><br/>Spike for piercing the eggs did not work for me.  It did not go through and I felt it would crack the egg if I used more pressure.  So I am using the spike from my old set.  I loved the cap that covers the spike, though.  But I think the spike needs work.<br/><br/>Alarm is loud which is a plus for those of us with less than perfect hearing.<br/><br/>Cleaning was MUCH easier than with the old unit.  I keep a solution of 1 part vinegar to 2 parts water for cleaning and I pour some into the water well after I remove the eggs while it is still warm.  I learned this from the old unit and it does take care of the lime deposits I get with my water.<br/><br/>It is plastic and I doubt it will last as long as the Krups, but at the price, I am not much fussed about that.  Very happy with my purchase.
 Read reviews about the measuring cup not arriving. Of course, the box had a small piece of tape but I tried to stay positive as this is for my 6 year old son who is difficult to feed anyway but loves hardboiled eggs.  He's excited so here we go guessing at how to measure the water just as I feared.
 Love this little thing! Very enjoyable to use! I enjoy hard boiled eggs, so this size is perfect for me. So pleased with this an results I get!!
 I love this, the only downside is the timer sounds like a actual fire alarm
 Easy to use, easy to clean, and super useful. We've used it almost daily since we bought it. We eat a lot of eggs.
 This thing is worth double the price it's so incredible. It's super fast and crazy easy to use. It really does make the eggs easy to peel. The timer signal is one of the most insane noises I've heard, and it comes from this little cute thing, totally caught us off guard, you can hear it from anywhere in the house (of average size lol). You will not be disappointed.
 We like the egg cooker just fine except after one use the water reservoir was mostly brown.  I soaked it with vinegar and the brown came out.  Next time we use it we'll try using distilled water.
 Awesome quick and easy
 The best hard boiled egg cooker, cooked perfectly and the shells peel right off!  Poached and soft boiled great too, not a fan of the omelet setting.
 Works like a charm and simple. Eggs peel easy afterward. No problems unless you push too hard on the piercing needle,,,ooops handful of egg..lol
 This thing is great!!  Works evertime!!!
 Wonderful use twice a week perfect every time easy to peel. Love it so much I even bought my mother one and she loves it
 Eggs don't get completely done, however it is convenient. I just put egg on plate, not cooking tray and finished the egg white a couple seconds
 Ive been using daily for a year and no problems.
 Cooks my eggs perfectly every time. Only mild negative, no buzzer or beep when eggs are done. I have to keep an eye on the on light. On the other hand, no annoying noise.
 Excelente
 It is very easy to use and versatile. My only wish is it should have auto switch off when the water evaporates. It Is annoying when I have to monitor like the stove cooking and it starts screaming to switch off.
 Works great love the buzzer to let you know they are done
 Works as advertised. Warning buzzer gets my attention quickly, regardless of where I’m at in my house. (2300 sq.ft.)
 Unit is rock solid and a 2 year old could make perfect eggs with this.  Love it
 I love this!!  I saw a friend of mine had one and she loved hers so I got one and love mine too.  I even ordered one for my Mom!  I have always cooked them on the stove in a pan of water and could never quite get the cook time correct.  This works great and the shells peel right off.  I highly recommend this!!
 Follow the directions, plunk the eggs into ice water after the timer sounds, best hardboiled eggs ever.
 Does not fully cook hard boiled eggs. Have ruined dozens of eggs trying to get decent cooked eggs. Does not work as advertised. I am amazed so many have given positive reviews. This cooker is junk and should not be sold on Amazon! Try using products before selling
 Great. Easy to use, hard to clean, it works effectively.
 Excellent item. Would buy again. Recommended. Works great.
 This is awesome, just made first batch of medium boiled eggs and they turned out great. I haven’t tried yet but it looks like it will be perfect for steaming your morning bread or bun as well for Asian breakfast. Love!
 Awesome!  I was skeptical but I decided to give this a try because I don't like boiling eggs for the entire week (pot gets icky, must be watched when boiling, and eggs towards the end of the week get a little iffy).  I tried both the omelet and a medium boiled egg and everything was perfect!<br/><br/>The omelet attachment came out perfectly without sticking.  It was a perfect circle and not crumbly or icky; cooked well all the way through.  It would be perfect in the morning to make an omelet and put it on a piece of bread or sandwich on your way out to work.  It also cooked the spinach/kale and onion that was mixed in it well too!<br/><br/>The medium egg was indeed medium!  It was perfect in the middle, even though it sat in the machine a little.  I will enjoy using this in the morning while getting ready for work and having freshly cooked eggs each morning that are perfect without having to babysit the boiling pot or cleaning the icky off the pot.<br/><br/>My only complaint is the buzzer is REALLY annoying.  I wish it went on for 10 seconds then off, and buzzed once every so often like a microwave.  The first time I heard it I thought the fire alarm was going off.  The sound really is annoying and piercing.  I understand that you need to shut it off quickly and open the top because the egg will continue to cook inside the dome, but there needs to be a way that the buzzer turns off by itself.<br/><br/>Overall, it is a great option and it does not take up a lot of space on the stove!<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this!
 This really does make perfect eggs every time! I have never had trouble making hard boiled eggs on the stove, but this device is quicker. I haven't tried the poaching tray yet but I'm excited to.
 I don't appreciate this product much. It makes a terribly loud noise when the eggs are done and so much about it feels strange and not intuitive enough. I also think the settings could be much easier to access and manipulate without so many moving parts (literally).
 Product was purchased in July as a Christmas gift. Product had a broken handle that secured lid. But return window expired in August . Don’t purchase anything on prime day and hope it’s in good shape until Christmas .
 Fast<br/> Wish I would have bought this a long time ago.
 Perfect. Easy to use.
 This looks too tiny to be useful but it is my favorite kitchen gadget for hard boiled eggs. I don't use the other accessories, at least not yet. Spoiler alert: I'll be getting more to give out for holiday gifts.
 Great little product eggs turned out awesome hard boiled ones anyway
 I love this thing. I have bought two more for gifts for people.
 I have no complaints. I have poached eggs every day. My girl has an omelet every day. Also, I don't have an issue with the alarm because I am standing there when it goes off. If you are on the fence, I'd buy , it good product … good price.
 Eggcellent egg cooker!!
 Seems to work just fine
 This actually works really well! Pleasantly surprised!
 Perfect for what I needed
 Quickly has become my favorite appliance in my kitchen!  It works exceptional fast and makes eggs perfect every time.  I have never confidently made soft or hard boiled eggs, as they never come out right.  Now I can make them perfectly every time!  I adore deviled eggs, but have never made them because it seemed like too much work.  I made them for the first time with rave reviews, and can't wait to do them again!  This will NOT disappoint!
 I just got this 2 days ago and I have made omelets and hard boiled eggs for my whole family. Each and every time it cooks perfectly, such a great buy. Very happy!!!
 Love it!! Small, easy to use and cooks perfect!!
 Excellent
 Loving it. The buzzer is loud and annoying. It will startle you every time it goes off. It is very loud.
 my daughter LOVES this thing, as I do mine.  I paid extra money to get the mint color as opposed to black, and it was worth it.  she was so excited to have it match her Kitchen Aid mixer.  hahaha!  It's the little things....
 We love this egg cooker.  Small, easy to use great results.  A favorite!
 This lil thing is great. It cooks eggs to perfection. Minimal amount of water to get 7 eggs done. Great purchase. Will recommend it.
 I really wish it cooked more than 6 eggs at a time. I am also trying to tweak the timing so I get the perfect center. That is taking a bit more time to figure out.<br/><br/>Overall, I like the ease of use.
 I use this everyday for our breakfast on the go. Works great. Easy to clean. Hard boiled eggs come out perfect every time.
 Works amazingly! I am not proficient in the kitchen and this is easy for me!
 We own one of these egg cookers and use it often. It's been great. We bought this one as a gift for some friends, and they have thoroughly enjoyed it as well.
 I loved it. I bought it to boil 6 eggs at a time, but the options to cook small amount of veggies, corn, poached egg and omelette​ are add-ons which I didn't expect. Packaging is good and it is working fine.
 It cooks like a charm. Only thing is that the buzzer is loud and can startle you if you're not expecting it. lol. But it's perfect, fast, and very very easy to use
 I have always had trouble with hard boiled eggs. No matter how I cooked them they were always a nightmare to peel. This was perfect. The shell fell right off the egg. Great product. Extremely simple to use and boils eggs perfectly.
 Works amazing!
 Totally makes boiling/poaching eggs much easier.
 Boy was this a great buy.  Even my 11 year old makes her own eggs now.  I needed to adjust the water a bit from what is recommended.  Super easy, convenient and minimal mess.
 I love this appliance, uses little space, its adorable, and works great!
 Love it!  It is fun to use plus it doesn't take long to make eggs.
 Works as intended, center piece of plastic was incredibly hard to attach, almost broke it trying to assemble. Can't use the bowls now because we can't get the piece to disassemble. Also, the timer alarm is so incredibly loud that our neighbors have complained.
 Very nice
 Great little egg cooker! It's nice waiting only half the time that boiling takes for perfect eggs. Fantastic product.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R1HRWD6SZ52SR3"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A15b8EyLw+S.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1IE8UUxdBS.png"/> The Sonic noise this makes is unbearable.<br/>Watch video I provided and you will never choose this item.
 Amazing. So easy to use and fast. I like it so much, I got one for my mother for Christmas.
 Like and easy to use
 Amazing product, my kids can make eggs themselves without having to worry about burning the house down or anything. Its really really easy to use and impossible to screw up. Well done!!!
 This egg cooker is AMAZING!  I purchased for my wife and she loves it.  Hard boiled eggs come out great, omelets are also really good.  Use it primarily to boil eggs though.
 Works great my wife loves it she uses it about once a weak it hardboils eggs in about seven minutes and has been perfect every time
 This is the best device for Hard boiled eggs!!!!! I hate the stove method and this is a no brained!!!!!! It’s literally just for hard boiled eggs but says it can do omelets and poached.... love it!!!
 Just as described. The timer buzzer is a bit annoying sound but I guess the whole point is to get your attention. Great way to hard boil eggs without having to wait on actually boiling water. I would recommend &amp; buy again.
 No household should be without one of these. Cooks eggs perfectly especially poached
 The machine is not calibrated to the measuring cup provided - I have had to waste many eggs because they come out with the white still raw. I have to spend extra time figuring out what the proper amount of water is for a poached egg and a medium boiled egg.
 Excellent. 6 eggs at a time done perfectly hard boiled in 16 minutes. Much better than filling a pot up with water and waiting for it to boil and dropping the eggs in, etc.
 I love that I can set it up, turn it on and walk away until the alarm sounds.  Perfect eggs every time.
 Pretty easy to use.  Makes hard boiled eggs with barely any water compared to boiling eggs in a pot.  The timer is a bit loud.
 After less than 20 uses, I try to turn on the cooker and only the alarm sounds. Completely useless now except as a noise maker
 I always thought boiling eggs took too long. But this great wonder of the world has changed my life. Truly a remarkable easy to use machine that is on par with Gutenberg printing press.
 Great
 I purchased this product in hopes that it would help with  the task of cooking eggs.  I have to say I absolutely LOVE this item!!!  I have a large family who love eggs.  Boiling eggs was always such a chore for me. I never knew how much water to add, how long to cook the eggs for etc.  This product  saves me time, and cooks the eggs perfectly every time.  It is easy enough to use that my kids are now able to make their own eggs.  All you do is measure the amount of water from  the measuring cup that it comes with, you measure up to the line that indicates how your eggs will be cooked.  pour in the water, place your eggs and push the on button!  Simple!  As soon as it is done, the buzzer goes off to tell you that your eggs are ready.  I ended up buying 2 of these so that I could make 12 hard boiled eggs at a time if needed. I did a  lot of research on egg cookers before purchasing this one and I am so happy I decided on the Dash Go!  The price was right and the size is small and compact.  I  highly recommend this product!!!!
 Great little kitchen appliance! Very small and doesn't take up a lot of counter space. My 9 year old can make his own hot egg breakfast in the morning, and he loves using it! Eggs come out perfectly. I use for omelettes or to hard-boil. Just put the eggs in cold water after steaming and they are super easy to peel. Highly recommend!
 Gave this to my grandson who's away at collage and  loves  hard boiled eggs, believe if he can do it anybody can do it
 Good
 It does one thing right: hard boiled eggs. Its doesn't poach right, so i didn't bother with the omelette. And the noise of the buzzer is awful. But the hard boiled eggs are always perfect and easy to peel.
 Love this egg cooler. I can easily make myself a healthy breakfast with minimal prep and I don't have to sit and watch the stove.
 Makes everything indicated. I have made poached eggs daily for the three weeks i have owned. Omelets come out fluffy. Boiled eggs can be made soft, medium or hard. Clean up is simple. Gotta love it.
 best thing I ever got for me 67 yrs old now I get egg salad sandwishs opps great product
 Cooks the eggs very nicely. Only downside is the completion buzzer never shuts off until the unit is unplugged preventing me from showering while the eggs cook and my wife sleeps. Had open it up and completely disconnect the buzzer.
 I love how well it cooks the eggs and the speed. Comes out perfect!
 Love love love this egg cooker. It cooks eggs perfectly every time and they peel like a DREAM! So reasonably priced and worth every penny!
 Works great but it leaves a residue on the bottoms every time your done using it. Hard to get off.
 This makes making all kinds of egg dishes easy &amp; perfect each time.  Have bought several as gifts for family &amp; friends.  All love it.  The more you use the device (practice) the better your egg dish will be.
 Absolutely love this egg cooker. Easy to use and makes breakfast a snap. I eat a lot of salads and love hard boiled eggs in the salad. Gotta get your proteins. I have made poached eggs in it, perfectly.  Also made scrambled eggs/ omelets.  Highly recommend.
 It’s seriously the fastest and best egg cooker ever! And I haven’t even tried all the possibilities!!!
 Great little machine! Eggs are always perfectly cooked and even better the eggs peel so smoothly! Perfect when making deviled eggs.
 Love this little thing so far. I've only made hard boiled eggs so I'm not sure how well it cooks otherwise but it's so quick and easy.  I would buy this again barring any unforeseen catastrophes.
 It is ok, the problem I see with this is the bell/alarm in it is too load and you cannot disable for change the volume for that.
 It does what it says and does it well.  However, the alarm is piercingly loud and doesn't go off on its own. It is a non stop screech until you manually silence it.
 I purchased this product hoping to make my life easier. Unfortunately this cooker did not help me much. Firstly in order to use it you must punch a small hole in the egg.This causes the hard boiled egg to spoil quickly in storage versus a regular hard boiled egg.The eggs made with this machine are not really hard boiled but are instead a soft hardboiled.Not what I had hoped for.
 Friend has one that does eggs in close to 12 minutes this one takes close to 30
 I cooked 6 hard-boiled eggs following the instructions.  The timer goes off when the water runs dry in the bottom.  It doesn't cook any faster than a small pot.  However, the egg yolks came out perfect so I was pleased with the final result.
 I wasn’t too sure about this when I ordered it but it worked really well.
 Does what it's advertised to do, but the eggs are consistently a little under done based on the water levels suggested by the included measuring cup. The timer definitely gets your attention and shouldn't be used if anyone is sleeping still. May leave this one with my roommate and try another when I move.
 Gteat
 A bit of a learning curve but we love it and use it to make hard boiled eggs every week
 Great kitchen tool
 It works as expected
 Easiest way to make a hard boiled egg. They are done perfectly. Easy to clean. I bought this on a whim and expected much less. It simply works, a real value.
 Makes eggs easy and painless
 This little gadget works great. I've boiled eggs for 50 years, but with this they peel so easy. Doesn't matter if you put it in ice water or let it cool on the counter. Peel them that day or three days later, easy easy easy. The amount of water dictates how hard you want them cooked. I put a little more water in it for well done. Less water softer they will be. Dennis
 Great product.
 Every house needs this egg cooker! Works perfectly every time! My favorite part is I no longer have to stand and wait for the eggs to strat boiling. No more setting the timer!  They are done exactly the way you need each time.  I recommend it ti everyone!
 I've never really boiled eggs, but thing is so easy I'm starting to eat more hard boiled eggs.  Very compact and easy to use.
 Makes hard boiled eggs crazy easy. Does 'okay' with omlets. Haven't used it for poached eggs yet.<br/><br/>I'd buy again.
 I love this item very much.  For I'm using it almost everyday.<br/>Without it I can not pass a day easily, the poacher reminding me of using it once a day.
 Every college student should have one of these in their dorm. Actually everyone should have one. Handy and takes up little room. Great recipes.
 My husband (primary user) loves this.  I think it's degrading too quickly.
 I dont like the timer noise its too loud when trying to use this in the early morning hours it wakes the whole house up.
 This product is so amazing and has cut down the time it usually takes me to boil an egg by half. Also it uses way less water than boiling eggs, which is a perk for the environment. So happy I invested in this!
 This thing cooks eggs fast! No more waiting on water to boil on the cooker....fantastic.
 Could not live without this thing, almost thinking of buying another one just incase this one gets broken or something. perfect hard boiled eggs for every occasion or every day like I do.
 We go through a lot of hard boiled eggs and this has made the process much easier. I wish I had bought one long ago.  Does a good job with medium size eggs, with large eggs it helps to not fill the container
 I love this thing! I've had it for two days and boiled up 2 dozen eggs already. Works like a charm. The eggs peel so easily and my house doesn't smell like sulfur.
 We have used it several times and love the ability to get the eggs to any degree of "doneness" that the occasion requires.
 Working great
 Cooks eggs perfectly.  Does 6 eggs at once and easy to use.  Nice cleanup.  Wipe out with a damp paper towel and some vinegar.
 Yeah .... someone said it has a weird buzzer ..... and it does, But it works good
 Just recieved and is broken those guys working there did not put any cushion
 Love it but loud
 Makes great hardboiled eggs and poached eggs without any extra fuss.  Easy to clean as well.  Noticed a few mineral spots, but cleaned it up quickly with a little water and vinegar.  Also love the compact size as it hardly takes up any space.  Only complaint is that the buzzer is a bit too loud and long!
 I used it to make hard bowled eggs. Was awesome. Then I made soft boiled eggs. Again awesome. Very easy to use.
 Works far better than I dreamed, freaking love this thing. If you follow the directions exactly you wont be disappointed with the hard boiled eggs!
 I just got my egg cooker, expecting a fire alarm screech, and to a regular melody instead.  Not a tune for the ages, but far better than I feared.<br/>Omelet is a little runny, so I added more water.  Seems to do the job.
 I forgot to review this when we got it. We've had it a few months now and we love it....we don't use it everyday but when we do use it ,, we love it. We've made hard boiled eggs and  poached eggs. My favorite is making the boiled eggs,....it is soooooo simple and I love that it's timed and then let's me know when they're done!!!  Love, love, love
 I eat 2-3 eggs a day and hated boiling eggs , never knew if they were over cooked or under cooked if the shell comes off easy or in speck after purchasing this item I will never boil an egg again this thing is the best , the eggs come out perfect
 I like to eat hard boiled eggs while they're still hot, this egg cooker is both easier and faster than boiling just 1 or 2 eggs at a time.<br/><br/>Part of that is that I have electric burners and getting water to a boil can be quite slow, but the point still stands
 Like this egg maker. It really solves my purpose for boiled eggs. Easybto assemble. Alsonthe parts are dishwasher safe. Easy to clean and doesnt take much space on the kitchen counter. I like the black and white colour. Planning to order more of this for family.
 Awesome product! As described and works so easy.
 Makes perfect boiled eggs, and they do almost peel themselves! Just a minute in ice water and the shells fall off easily.
 Not sure how much I like this.  the eggs all leak out but could be the punch I bought.  It is nice and convenient to turn it on and walk away.  They are always cooked perfect.
 Well made
 Good for just making boiled "steamed " eggs. Tried poaching and they were horrible.  I still love it, just plug it in and let it do its thing, no more waiting for the water to boil and setting a timer.
 Lovvvve my egg cooker! Only thing I recommend is to use a little more water than the “poached” eggs call for when measuring. My whites were a little too runny.
 I LOVE this! I’m a busy mom chasing around a toddler and this is super convenient! You just add water, press the button and then the alarm notifies you when it’s done! Perfect eggs every time!
 The machine is small, just enough space for six eggs, great for my limited counter space. The directions were easy to follow and the boiled eggs were easy to peel. All the accessories fit inside for storage.
 Cooked the eggs good in a short time
 My favorite product to make hard boiled eggs! They come out perfect every time.
 Worth purchasing!
 First of all, it is a great egg cooker, easy to use, egg comes out great, price is good.<br/>BUT the reason I only give 4 stars is the crazy alert sound, it just sounds like a fire alert goes on! And it won’t stop until you shut it off.....if you buy it, you need to prepar for that.
 Cooks the eggs as it says it will !
 Hands down the best and most easiest way to cook hard boiled eggs! It took less than 10 minutes to cook and the eggs came out perfectly! Definitely worth the money!!
 Works great as advertised.
 love this egg cooker.  It makes it so much so easier.
 All I wanted from this product was a quick way to make soft boiled eggs and poached eggs. I’ve tried to do both to no avail. It simply doesn’t work. It leaves me with a runny white egg
 Wasn’t totally sure that this would work well, but was very pleasantly surprised. Makes great hard boiled eggs every time.
 My little helper every morning! Easy and fast! It has very loud signal when eggs are ready. Highly recommend!
 This takes some time tweaking the correct timing which I think has to do with whether the eggs are larger or smaller. Certainly makes the eggs easier to peel. Cleanup is an added step though.
 This really works. I love it. I can have fresh ones vs store bought.
 Exactly as described and it is so easy!
 This makes hard steam eggs as advertised.  Only downside is that once it shuts off it still stays warm and the end of the eggs closer to the heated bottom turned brown on mine from getting too hot.
 Keeps mum from burning the pan boiling them normally
 As stated elsewhere super loud buzzer. Otherwise quick and easy to use. I placed scotch tape over the speaker grate under the body of the cooker. Quieted the buzzer somewhat.
 This little appliance looks like ET's space ship!  It does what it says it will do, and the boiled, and peeled, eggs are perfect.  We've tried the omelet and poached eggs, and all turned out just great!
 Finally get eggs hard boiled right every time!  I've used the heck out of this for months and think its the most useful cooking item I've ever purchased.  The compact size makes it easy to store.
 This egg cooker is a life saver! It cooks them perfectly every time, and they are so easy to peel. I hard boil my eggs for breakfast the next day and it saves me so much hassle. No setting the timer, no hoping they are done, and I've had no issues with it at all. Definitely recommend.
 This is a great kitchen gadget! I only wish it cooked more eggs at a time.
 I love hard boiled eggs but I can never get them done the right way. This egg cooker makes it soooo easy. I read reviews that the downfall is the loud alarm; so I was ready for it ahead of time. It is very loud so I just make sure to not go to far from it. I recommend this product.
 Cooking soft boiled eggs are so easy now. This may seem like a redundant kitchen gadget but it's not. It takes he guess work out of timing eggs. I use it all the time.
 My girlfriend loves it
 It does hard boiled very nice. Not a fan of the other options just taste different for some reason.
 Easy to use. Works. Super small and cute. Good buy!
 Using this product in a daily basis and be able to do multi tasking is blessing.<br/>No worries about outcome.<br/>Solid.<br/>Thank you.<br/>Recommending to all egg lovers.
 Much faster than my previous method.
 Makes perfect Hard Boiled eggs! Easy to use and has a loud alarm, never have to worry about forgetting them. I use hard boiled eggs for salads and this makes it simple.
 It’s nice
 So far, we've made six hard-boiled eggs &amp; they turned out perfect! The minty colored option is very cute too..
 I absolutely love this egg cooker! It is fast and really does a great job. The egg shells come off so easily! I have already tried this several times! I am not fond of the buzzer to let you know it is done, but I definitely know when it is! Lol
 It is a little tricky to use but instructions are included and it is easy to follow. I bought this for myself but my dad ended up hogging it because he loved it so much.
 It makes boiling hard boiled eggs for the week super easy.  You just add water and turn it on. Timer let's you know when they are done.  Shell comes off easily.  The eggs did taste a bit like plastic the first couple of times but overall a great purchase.
 This has made my fiancé incredibly happy, and breakfast, snacks, camping food, incredibly easy! Perfect hard boiled eggs everytime with no green tint!
 works great so far.
 Super convenient and easy to use!
 Easy to use, small compact design, pretty Aqua color. Made great hard boiled eggs on first try. Easy peasy.
 I bought this for my single son. Already have one for myself and love it.
 My sister told me about this item and I had to try it for myself.  So far it's been working great; the buzzer indicating it's done is super loud but it's ok, you get used it.  Would definitely recommend this item.
 It cooks eggs. The alarm bell that goes off when it's done is so loud i thought it was our building fire alarm. I rate this a perfect 5/7 Putins.
 So easy and quick. So automatic!
 This thing makes perfect hard boiled eggs every time.  Easy to peel no green ring.  Perfect.
 My wife and I love this little unit . It works perfect for pouched ,soft boiled and hard boiled .
 First mine, then the kids wanted one after a home visit. Very easy to use and makes perfect hard-boiled eggs!
 I love this little cooker beside the fact the alarm is LOUD and does not TURN OFF until you turn it off.
 I’m not sure how this product received such positive reviews. I purchased this 8 months ago and the power button is shot. In addition, the buzzer that goes off on this thing is EXTREMELY loud and alarming! Sounds like an Amber alert going off! By the way, this buzzer died about a month ago.
 Works well and quickly and I love the color. Only warning is that the timer alarm is VERY VERY loud. Not exaggerating, so watch out!
 Love this egg cooker!  So convenient.  Easy to set and come back in less than 10 min. to eat breakfast!
 It makes alot of noise when its done.  An egg ways breaks and leaks out, making a mess.  Hard boiled eggs are extrememly hard.
 easy to use  cheap price too
 This was a fantastic impulse purchase. I don't have to boil eggs on the stove and worry about forgetting them. They are done perfectly in a matter of minutes and peel so easily. Love this! It's small so it's not another gadget to get in the way and clean up is simple.
 Great product. Makes perfect hard boiled eggs.
 Perfect eggs !
 Love this little cooker. Great if you eat a lot of boiled eggs. My only complaint is the buzz timer is crazy awful sounding. At least you won't forget your eggs!!
 The buzzer IS very loud!
 i love this thing. works great, its small, easy to clean, easy to use and can make breakfast super fast.
 I used this theee times and it burnt up.
 I love this thing.  You load it up with eggs and water and before you know it it's ready and you don't have to stand over it and watch it.  It will turn off when it's done
 Simple, green (tiny bit of water used), quick, foolproof.  Eggs are perfect each time.  Punching a pinhole in each egg before loading it is a bit of a pain...so call it 4.5 :-).
 This product is excellent!  Easy to use and safe for my kids to make an afternoon snack.  A great gift for at student or traveler.  Versatile and easy to store.
 This egg cooker is really the best, because it has a buzzer when the eggs are done.
 Nice little cooker works great.
 After 3 uses, it started working weird. First, the alarm stopped working. I can only hear it humming then I know it is done. Very inconvenient! The light starts blinking sometimes. Also, even the alarm is on, the light is off, but the eggs are not cooked!
 I love this product. worth spending money. now cooking egg made very simple. it takes only 7 min to 8 min cook the egg. simple to use. good feature it will sound as soon cooking is done.
 Love this product works way betting then boiling over the stove. And a whole lot faster.
 You will not regret buying this egg cooker. Shells just peel right off. Not sure how I lived without it! I'm the one bringing the deviled eggs from now on!!
 This things is amazing! Poached needs a second round in my opinion, but everything else cooks to perfection!
 Works as advertised.
 Everyone should have one of these. Easy to use and does a perfect job every time.
 Makes perfect hard/soft boiled eggs quickly. I highly recommend if you love eggs.
 My wife likes to eat healthy and likes hard boiled eggs in her salads for protein.  Couldn't be easier!
 Like this egg cooker, perfectly cooks the eggs. Dont need to worry about the water ratio and temperature anymore.
 I love this product! We eat a lot of hard boiled eggs and this makes the job easier and mess free. Also I enjoy the fact that the timer is accurate and the eggs cook perfectly.
 Best product for making perfect hard boiled eggs in 5 minutes.  No mess.  Easy to store. Great product!
 Loving it so far! Do stick with the suggested amounts of water for how hard you want your egg cooked. Pretty spot on.
 I bought it as a gift for my uncle who is a long distance truck driver, he was so excited to have an easy way to make food on the road
 The alarm when the eggs are done keeps on ringing for a long time. Waited for 30 mins before we plugged the plug. Will be returning this item
 It works great!! Love it
 Cooks hard boiled eggs perfectly every time.  The only downside to this item is the buzzer... it sounds like the halftime buzzer during a basketball game and it doesn't stop until you shut if off.
 This little thing is awesome- the most perfect hard boiled eggs in 15 minutes. Worth every $$
 So glad I decided to purchase. Have only used for hard boiled eggs so far. It was easy to use. The eggs came out perfect and were easy to peel. The bottom plate did have a little brown from the water but my Mr. Clean eraser removed it easily.
 This is the best egg cooker. Cooks them just the way I like them every time.
 This product is wonderful. Eggs cook perfectly , the buzzer is really loud, which is good as I get busy and forget I am cooking eggs.
 Does a wonderful job with hard boiled eggs...haven't tried the the other egg settings but will in the coming weeks.  I am differently going to buy another one down the road.
 Making hard boiled eggs has never been easier.  The timer is great.  I've only used the hard boiled cooking method thus far.  I've never been a "gadget" person but I'm very happy with this purchase.
 There's nothing to this besides putting the eggs on the tray, putting water in it, and hitting the start button. It does all the rest. Incredibly quick too. Definitely worth the money.
 This is a no brainer to order. Love it and sent one to a friend
 This Rapid Egg Cooker is the best product I have seen in years.  I love boiled eggs, but when I would boil them in a pot on the stove, some were not hard boiled as I liked.  With this cooker, you put a hole in the bottom of each egg, add water, and plug it in and punch the start button.  Within minutes, the buzzer sounds and each egg is perfectly hard boiled.  I have told others how wonderful and easy this product is.
 So far so good, I've run a few dozen eggs though this so far and every single one came out perfect and easy to shell.
 This is great for living in a dorm room. I love making egg sandwiches and small batches of deviled eggs for snacks. It really ties together my mini kitchen setup. I definitely recommend for a college student who may not have regular access to a full kitchen.
 Get one immediately is all I can say.  Love it!!!!
 This was great for my Wife. It hard boiled the White eggs perfectly. Be careful of the brown colored eggs, they tended to under cook.
 The item works as expected once you plug it in which is great but the on/off button seems to be just for show. The button itself does nothing, the unit begins heating as soon as it’s plugged in. It did this right out of the box but did not seem concerning enough to exchange since I don’t leave it plugged in.
 Perfect item for me to cook eggs in short time and convenient for delivery to my doorstep. Thank you.
 Hard boils eggs perfectly and are easy to peel.
 This is pretty cool - it works really well and the eggs are way easier to peel. The only thing is i feel like I have to monitor the water quite a bit.
 It cooked perfect hard boiled eggs. If you're like me and hate making hard boiled eggs on the stove you will love this. It's so easy and convenient!
 Doesn't cook eggs all the way through on the hard-boiled setting.
 Exactly what I was looking for. I use it primarily to cook hard-boiled eggs for the week, as part of meal-preparation. Eggs peel PERFECTLY, every time. Completely takes the guesswork out of cooking eggs. I can walk away and do other things in the kitchen while this thing goes, and not have to worry about timing the eggs "just right." It's amazing.<br/><br/>Cons: Annoying buzzer goes off when the eggs are done. Sounds like a fire alarm. But, other than that - for the price this is a great buy.
 This thing works great! The biggest problem is the incredibly loud and jarring buzzer when the cooking is complete.
 Actually works as advertised.  Nice &amp; small - much smaller than it appears.  Perfect hardboiled eggs &amp; easy to peel.  Can't wait to try poached.
 Works perfectly even in high altitude.
 Wonderful machine, I am impressed with the consistency that it cooks the eggs and how fast as well, very easy care.
 This egg cooker and I got along once “we” got it down. I eat poached eggs and toast regularly. My problem: it died. Today (4/29/18). It was purchased 9/17. Bummer.
 Makes perfect hard-boiled eggs.  Haven't tried other recipes (for soft- or medium-boiled eggs, omelets).  I love it!
 Cute and fun
 Cute. Does 6 eggs.
 I read the reviews on this and have to say, I agree this little gadget is wonderful. I've made hard and medium boiled eggs as well as poached eggs so far and all have been delicious. Everyone is right however, the finished cooking alarm is just crazy loud. My kids came running out asking if the smoke alarm was going off. Other than an overly loud alarm, it's pretty awesome.
 Cheaply made
 This doesn't poach eggs at all, totally raw at the bottom. It also makes this crazy sound like a fire alarm when the water is gone - extremely irritating. Hard boiling works ok but no faster than just boiling water in a pot.
 This definitely surprised me!  I love how the eggs turn out.  It’s very fast too.. just set it and walk away!
 Easy to cook, less maintenance than the ones I have used before. No need to clean the water in the base after every use. Doesn't get rusty too.
 Such a nice little timesaver. You don’t have to stand in front of it when boiling eggs. The loud beep will let you know they’re done. Easy to use, love it
 Fast, easy and the eggs are perfect every time!!! I love this!!
 I now make scrambled eggs on the road, without bringing bringing a hot plate and pan with me when stuck out of town. This takes up a lot less space than I was previously using and does a decent job of cooking them.
 I have purchased 6 of these so far and given them out as gifts I love mine so much. I use it twice or more weekly to cook Hardboiled or poached eggs.
 Best little egg cooker! Works like a champ. I wish there was an on/off feature. Instead there is a very LOUD annoying alarm that goes off until you tend to the done eggs. I would still buy it again as it is though.
 Works exactly as described.  If the people who gave it one star with failed egg cooking pictures can't handle this instrument I really feel bad for whoever has to interact with you in real life.
 This product leaves the guess work out of boiling hard boiled eggs. The alarm sounds like an amber alert. That would be the only thing I would improve on.
 Love this steamer
 Hard boiled eggs is all we have used this for now about 3 weeks and it is wonderful, only needs a tiny amount of water, and eggs come out perfectly...buzzer is annoying but does it’s job letting you know your eggs are done, if you like boiled eggs this is the thing to get!
 Love this practical kitchen helper.  No fuss, no worry.
 Nice product. Works well. Easy to clean.
 Disappointed with sopping wet omelettes, even after setting it for the max time.
 This machine is quite possibly the greatest thing I've purchased on Amazon. I have no complaints! It cooks the eggs so quickly and with very little cleanup. The eggs are delicious and so easy to make! It comes with a great little manual of instructions and recipes. It also arrived a week before it was supposed to (three days after purchase instead of ten days), which was very exciting. I suppose the only thing I would change is the buzzer... The sound is a little alarming. But other than that, it's amazing!
 I bought this as a white elephant gift and they LOVED it!
 LOVE this egg cooker. We use a lot of hard boiled eggs, and they are cooked perfectly every time. No more green yokes! And they peel like a dream, often in two or three pieces of shell. The egg just slides out!
 This is the best egg cooker. I have bought multiple for friends and family. It is simple to use and makes a perfect hard boiled egg that is easy to peel.
 Made poached eggs and hard boiled eggs. Both a little underdone. It is going to take some experimenting with the times but in all a great machine that is easy to use.
 Works well. I love the poaching feature of it. The only problem I have is the loud ringing when the eggs are done. It wakes up my family if I am using in the early morning. It sounds like an alarm buzzing.
 Bought it for my nephew for Christmas and it works better than he expected. He loves it.
 Its a heaven sent. Its so simple, why didn't know about it before
 Works well. I’ll never boil eggs again.<br/>Works great for party prep.
 I liked the idea this cooker presented but every type of egg I made, with the exception of the hard boiled, came out way under cooked to the point both the whites and yolks were raw.  I tried adding extra water to increase the cooking time and the results were about the same.  I consider this product a disappointment.
 Bought 3 of these. Two as Christmas gifts and one for me.  Made 6 hard boiled eggs this morning.  Turned out perfect!  Love it!
 I encourage everyone to do the same; The egg cooker is great, it cooks eggs. But I could do it with bringing water to boiling myself in a pot. The whole point is that I can start this and leave for my life and return for perfectly cooked eggs.<br/><br/>It will happen but the BUZZER!!! The sound is like a fire alarm! if you are living with someone, forget about it! and it is a constant noise! won't go away! It has traumatized me so much that I now stand by its side until it is done JUST LIKE A POT!!<br/><br/>I Understand the 5 stars cause it cooks really good egg, but come one, what good is it for if it adds zero value over a timer on my phone and a pot?!<br/><br/>NO VOLUME METER! NOTHING!<br/><br/>I'm thinking of cutting the cords myself.
 Overall, this product is great. The only thing I dislike is the buzzer because it is so loud. I wish I could turn it off.
 I love it!!
 What can I really say. I bought this for hard boiled eggs, it’s does the trick-very well. I’m eating deviled eggs quite a bit now, that’s no complaint!
 Great and as described. Highly recommended.
 I don't know how I ever lived without this. Spending a ton of time hard boiling eggs is not my idea of a fun activity, and this makes the process so easy. I love the ability to make poached eggs as well. The best $20 I've ever spent imo
 Great egg cooker, does exactly what I need! Perfect hard boiled eggs that are so easy to peel.  I use large eggs and distilled water, and they turn out perfect every time.  Highly recommended!
 Cooks my eggs like I like them.  Make sure you use enough water.  First eggs I tried, I tried to make soft boiled...I made a huge mess.
 Simple setup, does exactly what you need!!!
 cheap product, you get what you pay for i guess.
 super easy hard boiled eggs every time would buy again for me or as a gift for someone else .
 I love this silly looking egg pod thing!<br/>Eggs are on point and it’s super easy to use.<br/>They must have fixed the alarm. It’s now a sweet charm.<br/>Downside: I eat way to many eggs!
 Love it, great product. Omlettes, poached, soft boiled, medium boiled and hard boiled eggs made easy. Works great!
 Boils the eggs perfect &amp; easy to peal!! Life saver when doing deviled eggs!
 Boiling egg alternative
 good
 I've had the cooker for several months now and really love it!  I use it regularly, primarily for hard and soft boiled eggs, but have used the poaching tray several times as well.  There is very little clean up needed and I get consistent results.  The omelette tray works well but I still prefer stovetop cooked omelettes. I would not hesitate to recommend this unit to a friend.
 Love this thing. So easy to use and works perfectly every single time. Never going back to using the stove or microwave.
 Super easy way to boil eggs. Very straight forward regarding how much water to fill into the compartment. Drop eggs in ice bath after boiled and they turn out perfect every time.
 Works exactly as advertised,  best purchase I've made in a long time.
 I was really looking forward to poached eggs. Sadly I still am. I followed the direction to the letter, placed the tray squarely in the middle, and got one hard boiled egg and one under done egg. The plate is turning brown, meaning its burnt.<br/><br/>Disappointed!!
 Great. Only complaint is obnoxious buzzer!
 toy like and the eggs don't look that good after this type of cooking
 The first time I tried to use this it worked for about 30 seconds, then the alarm started sounding.  Now whenever it's plugged in and turned on, the alarm sounds and it refuses to heat.
 It works VERY WELL!  My husband has always made PERFECT hard boiled eggs.  To be  more independent I tried the Dash-Go Rapid Egg Cooker and came up with a PERFECT egg too!  Follow the instructions!
 Liked this product very much, easy to use.
 It does not cook the eggs long enough to get hard boiled or making a omelette had to put them in a microwave to finish cooking them and making eatable
 I had it about a month now, I absolutely love this rapid egg cooker. It makes perfect boiled eggs every time, no more boiling waters for me.
 I love this thing. We eat a lot of hard boil eggs so if it ever breaks, I will be ordering another one immediately. 1.5 years old and still going strong. Couldn’t live without.
 These egg cookers are the best.  I really enjoy soft boiled eggs with toast and this machine makes them perfect every time.
 I love my rapid egg cooker!! It saves so much time compared to boiling eggs in a pot of hot water. While both methods get the job done, the rapid egg cooker is simple, fast, and mess free. You’ll have boiled eggs in no time and it’s an easy clean up!
 Does everything it says it does.
 Eggs come out perfect. super easy to peel
 Works like advertised! I use it for hard boiled! Thinking of ordering a second one!
 Paid for it's self one week. I eat lots hb eggs easy to use and EGGS PEAL SO EASY
 Great buy. It is so nice to have my eggs cook in under 10 minutes while getting ready for work in the morning.  It also it good for my pots I used to boil them in.
 Eggs turnout rubbery.  Too small for a real omelet.  The boiled eggs were a mess,they wouldn't peel and weren't done when water ran dry.
 I don’t have to worry about leaving the egg on the stove anymore. It cooks the egg the way I want.
 Love it. It works super fast and cooks eggs just right
 Makes the perfect hard boiled eggs! No thought, no error sooo easy to use. Wish I would have found this years ago!
 works perfect, every time. love it
 Love it already! Although I used hard boiled and still not completely hard or cooked all the way. Followed instructions to a T maybe it needs to cook longer? Tried with only 3 eggs. Cooked for 12 mins.
 Our favorite egg cooker we've used so far! Super easy and convenient and makes the eggs perfect each time. A great value for the price
 Only use if you like your eggs severely undercooked.
 I scared the whole family when the buzzer went off! But, but eggs are very tasty. The whole family ate them.
 First time I used it I made 6 hard boiled eggs. Worked great.<br/><br/>However, the buzzer is the MOST annoying sound in the world. Quite literally I thought a fire alarm was going off across the street. Why it couldn’t beep is beyond me.
 Great little item, almost always a perfect egg. May need to add extra water for Hard Boiled eggs to get your perfect result.
 Couldn’t be simpler! Perfect eggs every time.
 Works amazing! Definitely needed to go over the water recommendations for my liking
 Simple and easy to use!
 Creates perfect soft or hard boiled eggs every time!  Doesn't take up much room on the counter.  Makes getting morning protein a breeze!
 Best purchase EVER
 Cooks perfect eggs every time.  Not sure how it compares to other brands as this is the only one I've bought and never had to replace so I'm very happy with it.
 My wife loves it.  The shells peel easily too!
 Fast and easy way to cook eggs--excellent item, I love it! 15 minutes and they are ready.
 I love this thing!!!!!!!!  It makes cooking hard boiled eggs a snap!!!  Never thought it would work as well as it does.  The price is definite right.
 I use this everyday! So happy I had a moment of impulse purchasing and went for it. You won't regret it! Makes eggs fun and easy!
 Super easy to use.  I use it at least once a week.  Very clutch
 Absolutely love my new egg cooker. Great for mornings when your in a hurry. Put it in, get ready and come back to a cooked breakfast. My family laughs at me because I go around the house asking if anyone wants eggs!  I'm buying one for my mother in law and an aunt.  Great for seniors.
 I absolutely love this egg cooker!  I bought two more for Christmas gifts and only rave reviews all around.  So easy to use! Make perfect hard boiled eggs, omelets and poached eggs!  Would highly recommend!
 MAKES EGGS PERFECT
 It seems to overcook eggs no matter what I do, but it's not a big deal, that's probably my fault.<br/>It does hard boiled eggs perfectly though.
 This is a great little egg cooker especially for making eggs for salads.
 amazing product, annoying buzzer :)
 It does a good job hard cooking eggs that usually peel easily, but the ALARM that indicates the process is done is unnecessarily loud, sounding like an extra-loud smoke detector that can cause adrenaline surges in and/or wake anyone nearby. I'm planning to try putting it in the oven or crockpot to lower the decibel level!
 Works well and quick as expected.
 Even though I've had to make my own meals for years, cooking has never been my strong point, and I still mess up on the tiniest things. This is a HUGE lifesaver as it is cheap, and not easy to mess up. Breakfast is so much easier now.
 Handiest kitchen small electric I have. Eggs are perfect every time. So glad my daughter told me about hers. Effortless eggs of every kind (except fried.)
 Easy way to make six or less hard boiled eggs. Comes with a small, dual functioning cup for measuring (water) and pin (add a tiny hole to top of the egg before cooking). Not sure of durability, but seems decent for the price.
 Perfect for someone who can’t cook! I don’t even know how to boil water so this product is amazing for me! Just tried it out and boiled 2 eggs and they came out great! Very happy so far.
 This little egg cooker is a savior if you don't have a kitchen. It boils eggs perfectly and I've never peeled anything easier than these hard boiled eggs. I was not crazy about my first attempt with the poaching tray, but I think I will try again using a bit more water so they steam longer next time. Very easy to store as this is quite a compact device.
 I love love love my cooker! I had no problem making hard boiled eggs the old fashioned way, other than they never wanted to peel easily. With this cooker the shells peel off in one piece. Added bonus, I don't have to watch them closely, the timer let's me know when they're done...and you can't miss that timer!
 Straightforward and easy to use
 Love it. It makes perfect boiled eggs every time.
 Does a great job.
 This item was received on time and works as promised
 Very easy and convenient product. I like that my kids can easily use it, too. It's also cute and takes up very little space. Would recommend
 Awesome! small so does not take up much counter space. Needs a bit more water for the soft cooked not sure if it is because I am in higher elevation area.
 Love this little gem.
 The alarm sounds like a smoke alarm and is super loud. Have to shut it down manually every time so that my brain won’t be badly damaged by the alarm.<br/><br/>Two star for being basically functional.
 I received a defective product. I had one before and it worked great, so I bought another after my ex husband told the old one. This one won’t cook the hard boiled egg all the way through. Tried adding extra water and still doesn’t cook through.
 For what it is and what it does it’s a nice gadget to help with a fast easy breakfast.
 This thing is terrific! The eggs are so easy to peel after steaming. I only regret not buying one years ago. Paid for itself after I stopped buying the overpriced already boiled and peeled eggs.
 So happy with this product! This is definitely one of the best purchases I have made. I make eggs every week and this has made it so much more efficient. Maybe I am just lazy but it is really great not having to deal with boiling a whole pot of water, putting the eggs in, pouring out the water, etc. And for the price, this product is really unbeatable - totally worth it!!!
 Sometimes I need to use a little more water than what the recipes suggest, but it works real nice. Cooking and prep time isn't much different from regular cooking but it's a real time saver when it comes to cleaning. I really like it and use it often.
 Makes the perfect egg every time!! More than just pleased... I highly recommend!!! My kids love it as well, they set it to cook while they get ready for school. It's ready to go by the time they are ready to leave.
 Would be great if the poach cups were larger to reduce spill.  Clean up would be better if water reservoir were nonstick.
 Works great, and doesn't take too much space on the counter. I ordered this after enjoying soft boiled eggs in Europe, and it's so easy to pop<br/>An egg in for breakfast with this cooker. Love it!
 I was HUGELY skeptical of this product when a family member raved over it.  I considered it another unnecessary kitchen electric that I would never use and would take up more space on my already cramped kitchen counter.  But, I ordered it since the price was right and I was tired of the hassle needed to get PERFECTLY boiled eggs (bringing eggs to room temp, need for exact timing, adjusting boil rate, ice baths, etc).  This product works and works well.  It's easy, low maintenance in terms of getting that egg perfectly cooked and easily peelable, has a small footprint so doesn't need a lot of storage space, and cleans up/packs away quickly.  The "done cooking" buzzer is loud and unsettling, but once you know it's coming, not a big deal. Love it and would definitely buy again.
 Best rapid egg maker out there. I’ve tried a few other brands but this is the one.
 Love this product, as I am the typical man who can not cook anything, this is simple, put water in, push button. Works every time, easy clean up.
 Makes the perfect hard boiled egg.
 So far so good. Love the color
 This is perfect for people who love soft / hard boiled eggs but hate cooking them in a pot of boiling water and then trying to figure out how to get them just right.  This also does a decent job of making poached egg patties for breakfast sandwiches.  Other than a few minor downsides, this is a neat, simple, and very useful gadget.<br/><br/>The biggest downside to this product is the alarm for when the eggs are cooked.  The first time it went off I thought I was back in college and some idiot had pulled the fire alarm.  I kid you not, it is the most startling, irritating, anxiety inducing electrical buzzing sound.  A simple beeping tone would have sufficed; it's not like the design of the unit keeps cooking the eggs or there's a danger of the unit overheating and bursting into flames within a couple minutes of being done.  By design, the unit operates until the water is boiled out, then shuts off; the loudness and insistency of the alarm is just overkill.<br/><br/>Also, be aware that if you have hard water, you will likely want to clean the boiler plate on this unit each time you use it.  After each use on our unit, there's a disgusting brown film all over the plate.  I've seen it suggested, and I would concur, that if you should use distilled water in the basin.  Of course, this means you have to have jugs of distilled water on hand just for this, so, that's probably less practical than just cleaning the plate. As the instructions suggest, you can do this with 1 part vinegar to 9 parts water, let sit a few minutes, then wipe clean.<br/><br/>Bonus feature on this is that, when soft / hard boiling whole eggs, there is a small attachment you can thread into the cooking tray so that afterwards you can lift the whole thing out of the cooker without burning yourself or dropping something.
 Can't imagine boiling eggs on the stove top after using this little gem.  Great product.  Ordered one for my son as well and he uses his almost daily.
 Everything works perfect. Easy to use. Don't forget to make a hole on the top of your egg if you want it to be nice and clean :-) because I've seen a lot of reviews with cracks on the side of eggs - 100% sure that it's not product's fault! Everything working like it says in manual :-)
 Efficient and fast and verstile
 I cannot really evaluate the product, but I would like to warn. This is a 120 volts compliant device (no 220 volts). It will not work properly elsewhere, except the US. I am giving one star only to draw attention.
 Great easy product for cooking eggs.
 EASY TO USE.  EGGS COME OUT PERFECT.
 Great product. Just took a star because the buzzer scares the heck out of me. Lol
 This is the 3rd Dash Egg Cooker I have bought.  I bought 2 for my daughters for Christmas I liked them so much.  The hard boiled eggs are so easy to make and come out perfect every time.
 It’s a nice little kitchen item. Makes the hard boiled eggs my kids love quickly and with very little mess. Cooks the omelet eggs nice as well.
 sure enough, works great - tow thumbs up
 This is an great and inexpensive product that cooks eggs perfectly. We mainly use it for hard boiled. Cooks quickly, unattended and the eggs peel very easy.
 Like it , just hate the done noise.
 I bought one after seeing recommendations all over the place.  It is great.  Very very easy to use and is fast. I have tried making eggs every way it can, and it is amazing for boiling eggs.  Poached and scrambled are good, but it really shines with boiling eggs.  I highly recommend this if you like eggs.
 save your money
 It does'nt work the way it say'sit doe's. Called the company they were very nice and apologized and sent me a new one but the same problem,the egg's were either to raw or to well done. The company was great to deal with but the product did'nt work the way it said it would.
 I had one of these years ago that I used a lot.  I was thrilled to find this once again.  Use it frequently.
 best ever. perfect hard boiled egg
 Really easy to use and I ate so many eggs because of it.<br/><br/>Omelets work surprisingly well.
 If you love eggs, trust me and buy this.  BUY IT!!!
 Works as expected and super easy to use.  Egg salad for lunch, poached eggs for breakfast, can't beat it for the price.
 Cooks eggs in several different ways with ease. The alarm that sounds when cooking is complete is jarringly loud. Sounds like a smoke alarm.
 Great
 Made life so much easier , no more guessing . I love my eggs gooey , they come out perfect and is very easy to peel .
 I bought one for each of my kids and they were very excited. It works as advertised and the egg is cooked perfectly. My son is happy to take it back to his college dorm
 This is my second order. The first Egg Cooker I ordered was so great that my daughter took it to college for her morning eggs. I ordered a second one but low and behold, it is not the same product. This one has a locking mechanism, an annoying fire-drill alarm, and no automatic shut off for either alarm or heating element!!  I burned my thumb attempting to open the lid to add another egg which I used to do easily by lifting the lid on the first machine. I was going to return it but my daughter wanted to trade... Well, she called me, complaining about the loud and annoying alarm!<br/>Why couldn't this great little egg cooker stay the same?
 I have always had a hard time making hard-boiled eggs.  This is fast, easy and perfect every time.
 This is awesome! Put the eggs in and leave it and the eggs are done perfectly. The buzzer sounds and the eggs are done. The shells come right off.
 i love it. so far it works great
 Love it! Works perfectly. Now I can make soft boiled eggs so easily!!
 Very easy to use.
 It really does what it's supposed to do, and well. If you like hard boiled eggs frequently (healthy protein snack) this is the easiest way to make them. They are very easy to peel afterwards too. The only thing I would change is the buzzer-it's quite loud and startling.
 Love this to make perfect boiled eggs in minutes. Peel perfect every time!
 Love this little egg cooker.  I bought it for boiled eggs and it cooks them perfectly every time and what's the best is, that they actually peel very easily.
 Love this little thing! I can't believe how little space this takes up. It cooks eggs PERFECTLY every time. I've recommended this to a lot of people who have gone out and bought these. Love it!!!
 This works great though sometimes the eggs don't cook all the way so I just leave them to continue cooking a little bit longer.  I love that you can leave the room and return a few minutes later to cooked eggs!
 I think this may be my first product review ever. I just used this for the first time after ordering and I'm really impressed!  I cooked 5 hard boiled eggs and they turned out nearly perfect. The buzzer is the only "con", it made me jump it's so loud
 Works great and easy to use.  6 eggs at a time and come out perfectly every time with little hassle.  Inexpensive.  Would buy again.
 Best kitchen gadget I have ever owned!
 Works great!
 I absolutely love this product. Hard boiled eggs come out perfect and so easy to peel.  The only negative thing is the buzzer sounds like your smoke alarm.
 Perfect for hard boiled eggs. Small omelets and over easy. Unit is small and doesn’t take up to much room. Fun colors
 This egg cooker works great! No issues being hard boiled.
 Makes hard boiled, poached, soft boiled eggs very nicely. When cook time is done , buzzer<br/>sounds until you unplug
 Not overly impressed.
 Really good, prevents you from over doing it with the eggs. Small, easy to clean. Recommend it for twelve bucks
 This product is awesome! I am truly happy with my purchase and well worth every penny. I recommend this to anyone that loves to have a quick start to your morning and easy to clean.
 Simple and easy to use and clean.
 I'VE USED THE EGG COOKER ONLY ONCE.  AFTER I GET USED TO IT, I'LL PROVIDE A REVIEW.  PROMISE!!!
 Works great! the only improvement would be to allow the "hard boiled egg" handle into the poacher plate for easy removal. It's a bit awkward to remove but it does a great job!
 My mother in law loves this more than she loves me.
 I love this egg cooker. It looks nice and is compact. It works great BUT the timer sounds like it's Defcon 1 in my kitchen. It makes the worst noise I've ever heard, I was sure I needed to run to an underground bunker somewhere.
 Simple and easy to use! We have been making omelets and eggs like crazy.
 I was surprise that you can do so many other things other than boiling eggs. They weren't also kidding when they said rapid it basically took 3mins to boil 3 medium eggs. I have yet to try other things with it and I'm looking forward to it.
 Good device for consistent cooking of hard boiled eggs. Used once a week for about two months.
 I always failed at properly making eggs of different softness I.E. hardboiled, soft boiled etc, but this thing has been lifechanging and magical. No longer do I crack open eggs to find them incorrectly done.<br/><br/>I am an idiot in the kitchen and even I can use this it's amazing and I love it.
 I gave it as a gift and the people love it.
 Worth the buy. Boils eggs perfectly and makes them easy to peel. Also makes fluffy scrambled eggs. Boils eggs in roughly 10-12 minutes.
 I have bought several of these for me and gifts for other.  Always a hit
 This is great! Although when the timer goes off it scares me every time! Lol
 This is the invention you didnt know you wanted, but need.  It makes cooking eggs easy.  Pop it in. Come back 5-10 minutes later for a tastey treat.  Works better with less eggs.
 Good product, I love it!!
 Great product for making hard boiled eggs.  I've tried many ways to make hard boiled eggs and hated making them as they were a pain to peel.  A friend told me to try this product and I love it.  So easy to use and peel your eggs.
 easy,  quick
 I love this thing so much that I have one at home and one at work!
 Easy great product
 Eggs are not completely hard boiled. Need to be able to cook longer or maybe use small eggs.
 I have only used it to cook hard boiled eggs but it's really easy and the shells come off perfectly. Eggs have to "cook" for about 10 or 12 minutes I think and then you let them sit in there a few minutes after the timer goes off.
 This is very easy and quick for egg cooking.<br/>I’m very happy.
 I love it.  Useful not only for boiled eggs, but omelets and poached eggs also.  Eggs peel easily-  even really fresh ones.  Metal tray needs cleaning often.
 Bought this for my parents since they always argue about how long to cook a soft boiled egg. The egg cooker made it perfectly so now my parents have to find something else to argue about LOL.
 I like doing it the old way better
 I haven't tried using the other functions (ie. making omelettes, cooking poached eggs, etc) but it cooks my hard boiled eggs really well.
 Love this thing! I use it every day. It makes life so much easier. Would definitely recommend. Five star!  I have had it for about two months now. No problems so far.
 Wow, the buzzer on this thing. It looks like others have mentioned this, but I just want to emphasize. It is very loud and very obnoxious. When I first heard it, I thought the house was burning down. This alone is enough to knock off at least 1 star, maybe 1.5. Yes, it is that annoying (I wake up way earlier than my wife, and am always careful not to wake her, but this will not help).<br/><br/>Other than that, I've tried cooking two different types of eggs so far: hard boiled, and poached. The hard boiled eggs were still slightly undercooked, even though I filled the water to the correct line, and waited about 2 minutes after it finished. I'm no scientist, but I wonder if it has to do with the high altitude where I live.<br/><br/>Then I tried the poached eggs. Same result - Undercooked. Except this time I had added a little extra water to try to accommodate the altitude. I'll have to do some more research, but if the poached eggs are undercooked, then it's not even worth using that feature.<br/><br/>I'm still fairly impressed with the hard boiled eggs, and am excited to try that with a little more water, or leaving steaming a little longer than last time. I think once I get that figured out, I will be happy. But for now, between the undercooked eggs and the annoying buzzer, it gets 3 stars.
 surpised how well it works for the price.  Jumbo eggs don't fit.  Otherwise has proved reliable.  Learning to measure water carefully was important for repeatable results.
 I liked boiled eggs for breakfast but hate making them, this cooker solves that problem. Very easy to use; you put the eggs in there, the water, and the cooker will automatically stop once they're ready. All you have to do is peel and eat!
 I really want to give this thing 5 stars...I love it, it's so awesomely convenient!!! BUT mine leaks...leaks water all of the counter every time I use it.
 I love this product! It’s so easy to assemble and use! The eggs turn out perfect every time and are so easy to peel. I highly recommend.
 The hard boiled eggs turned out great -- the omelet, not so much! Won't try that again. Haven't yet tried the poaching setting. But mostly I wanted the egg cooker to safely and accurately hard boil eggs and it does that very well and the price is right!  :-)
 best thing since sliced bread perfect egg every time
 Works great. Convenient and easy to use with consistent results.  Just a little experimentation needed to determine the best water level to achieve desired doneness, and then you never  have to think about it again.
 Super easy to use, best hard boiled eggs ever, very easy peel
 Product is not what you'd expect based on the description/advertising; its very cheap and all plastic. Was broken in the box on arrival. Spend the money on a better egg timer, not worth it.
 Absolutely the best!  So glad I purchased this for my eggs. Every time they are perfect without the hassle of timers.  It buzzes when done so it is idiot proof.
 Perfectly poached eggs in five minutes!
 We use this everyday!! LOVE IT! My mom loved ours so much that she bought one for herself and for her coworker.
 I will never boil eggs again after using this!
 awesome for eggs
 Works perfect. Eggs come out properly cooked and slide right out of the shell even if the eggs are brand new.
 Easy to use very handy and quick
 works like a champ
 Use this every week to make eggs for the family. Pretty simple and easy to use. Love the easy way to cook boiled eggs instead of boiling in a pan. Quick to make and pretty simple to clean.
 This is a great product, takes the guesswork out of making hard boiled eggs and it DOES NOT screech like a demon when it’s done—it plays a pleasant little tune.
 Great product! Eggs cook super fast and are easy to peel
 I LOVE my rapid egg cooker!  I use it all the time to make hard boiled eggs.  It couldn't be easier to use and It cooks them perfectly and they are so easy to peel! So much better than even getting out a pot to boil them. I don't know how I lived without it for so long!
 Love it. Works very well!
 Great overall product. It performs as described.
 It's not the best cooker. I don't get why it has such high ratings. My eggs ended up being raw.
 Perfect hardboiled eggs every time.  Love the auto shut off feature, although it's extremely loud and won't stop until I run over to turn it off.
 Very nice product.  We use it all the time. Works as advertised.
 Love this thing! The poached eggs and hard boiled eggs have been cooked perfectly! Easy to wipe clean and storage is easy because it’s so compact.
 Works fine for hard boiling eggs. Not so great with making an omelette since the condensation inside the unit makes it soggy.
 Boils my eggs just the way I like them.  Have not used it for anything else, but I bought it just to boil the eggs so PERFECT.
 We just love the Dash egg maker.  All three types of egg choices work exactly as described.
 So easy to make the perfect egg.
 This item is amazing and works just like how it’s described
 I bought this for boiled eggs only.  I don't care about omelettes, poached eggs, etc.  It does what it says, makes boiled eggs easy.  Pierce the eggs, follow the directions, and in about 15 minutes you'll have a half dozen perfectly boiled, easy-to-peel eggs ready to go.
 Qelove this thing so much. Don't know what else to say.
 Bought it tor my office so I could have something for breakfast on the go. It’s compact, easy to use and clean, plus it fits the corner of my desk so I can do them and stash back were no one can see. Eggs come out perfect! Thinking of buying another one for my house!
 I have to say... I only use this for hard boiled eggs but I love this device. I just set it and forget it (until the timer goes off)
 I love it, I use it all the time, easy boiled eggs!
 Perfect eggs Everytime. Drop them in and walk away.
 It comfortably fits a good amount of eggs.  When I used jumbo eggs, it only fit 3 at a time so I have been using large eggs with no problems.  It is extremely easy to use.  I push a button and I don't have to worry about the eggs cooking - no more standing over the stove watching the eggs.  I wish I had known about this years ago!  Highly recommended.
 It works great to boil eggs but I also agree that the alarm is loud and completely unnecessary. If there was no alarm I would have given this five stars.
 Works great, very predictable outcome as describe in manual. It takes about 8 minutes to get one batch done, but there is no need to keep watching because the appliance shuts off by itself.
 Does the job.  It is a little weird to poke the eggs, but none have exploded so far, so it is all good.
 I've been super happy with this little guy. I get a perfectly cooked egg every time!
 I know cooking eggs isn't hard. But for some unknown reason I never seem to get mine right, especially hard boiled eggs. This took the guess work out and is super convient. Makes eating health easier!
 Love this thing, using it a lot. Couldn't be easier to use, just put correct amount of water in it for how you like your eggs.
 good kitchen aid ot have
 The worst part is it is made out of cheap plastic, not seems to be a long ladting kitchen accessory!! I returned it considering the cheap plastic material!!!
 This egg cooker is simple to use, easy to clean up after, comes with some great ideas.
 Just save 20 dollars and cook them normally. Every time i try to make soft boiled eggs they come out runny like snot.  Also good luck deshelling those things after you had them in there
 The egg ready alarm is too loud. Other than that it is a good product. The egg is cooked softly not overdone.
 I love this little gadget (I am a gadget person too!)  - it works perfectly every time and the eggs are super easy to peel - I use this at least twice a week! Perfect for lunch and snacks...
 This thing is great.  Making perfect poached eggs is a breeze.  One of those inexpensive products that you will use all the time.
 I love it. Use it all the time. Super easy and convenient.
 This product is awesome.  So happy with this purchase as it is easy and makes perfect hard boiled eggs in 7 mins.  So glad I purchased it.
 My daughter bought this for the family. Very useful to boil eggs. it makes constant beeping sound when the eggs are done.
 It's the only way I cook my eggs!<br/>Everyone that sees it, wants one.
 Love my Egg Cooker!  Eggs come out perfect and peel easy
 Nice little cooker, I have used it every night since it arrived. It is a bit overpriced for what it is, however if you like eggs, its worth it.
 I really dislike this cooker as it never hardboils my eggs; the yolks are always medium cooked despite using the cup to the "hardboiled" fill line.  This is the second cooker I've owned and am on the hunt for the original one I had.
 wow perfect boiled eggs everytime
 Easy and fast, hard, medium and soft boiled, very easy a child could do it.
 I am fully satisfied with this product. I use it weekly to cook eggs for the whole week.
 This thing is so cool. I'm gonna buy a 2md one to take to work.
 I just love this product. Makes the best cooked eggs whatever you decide to make! Bought 2 of them
 Uncooked eggs and overcooked eggs.
 I purchased this egg cooker 6 months ago, I'd say I've used it an average of 5-6x per month and for the last few uses, I've had to fool around with the button/switch that turns it on before it will work...since there's obviously a faulty connection, I don't expect it to last much longer...
 As soon as I took it out of the box, the handle on the side broke off. I decided to try it out anyway, and it seemed to work fine. It cooked the eggs perfectly and they were very easy to peel.
 Honestly a must have!  Make perfect hard boiled eggs that peel perfectly and taste great!
 Sometimes not all eggs are hard-boiled correctly if all six are loaded, but the omelette and poached eggs trays make up for that especially since I can use them to steam other things when I follow the instructions!! Extremely satisfied!!
 Great price for easy egg cooking
 I love this little machine! So easy to make hard boiled eggs! It’s basically a no fail process And the shells come off so easily! Just had a party, used the machine, and all my friends ordered one!
 Great product! Cooks eggs perfectly everytime...every egg is easy to peel.
 Really works!  Bought several to give to grandkids going off to college.  They tried them at home and loved them!
 So quick &amp; esy....now I always have  hard boiled cold eggs available for either a snack, making egg salad, deviil eggs or throwing into potato salad...love it
 This has to be the best appliance I’ve gotten so far 😁 hard boiled eggs 🥚 are perfect. This morning we made omelets are they were deliciously perfect. Will poach eggs tomorrow morning for my husband
 Great product.  Was worried since it was so cheap that it wouldn't work very well if at all.  Nope, works awesome. Makes morning breakfast easy as can be.
 I am truly not sure why this has such a high star rating. The worst feature it has is the timer alarm. It is loud and shrill and sounds like a smoke alarm. It's enough to wake the dead. You can also not use this machine immediately after using it. It has to cool or the alarm will not shut off. I have tried using the egg cooker 4 times. The first time I tried to make soft boiled eggs. They came out medium. The second time I tried to make hard boiled eggs and they came out undercooked and runny. The third time I tried to make an omelet. The machine ran out of water so the alarm went off, but the omelet wasn't done. I added water and tried to start it again but the alarm wouldn't stop going off. Apparently you can't use it right away, not until it cools down. I ended up finishing it in the microwave. The last time I used it i tried to make Poachd eggs. The alarm went off within a minute of starting it. There was still water in the bottom and the eggs hadn't started cooking. I unplugged it, plugged it back in and tried to start it but the timer alarm would not stop. I had to wait a few minutes and I tried again. Again it did the same thing. I had to finish them in a pan on the stove. Each time I used it i put in the correct amount of water and followed the directions exactly. Based on my experiences I would not recommend.
 Easy, and works for what I needed.
 Love this cute device. Works great and looks nice in my kitchen.
 This gadget really works well, the measure cup that comes with the cooker has a needle at the back for you to ouch a hole on the egg. With this cooker, I don't have to wait for water to boil and the auto-turnoff thing makes perfect boil egg!
 Eggs easier
 This thing is seriously amazing!
 It was a present for my mother in law and she loved it!
 Super easy to use.
 I absolutely love this item, it's so easy to use and works really well. My favorite is the omelette setting
 Lové it!
 I've cooked a couple of dozen eggs &amp; they came out perfectly cooked.  Easy, simple &amp; functions as advertised...I'm a very satisfied purchaser
 This is a great gadget.  Cooks eggs faster than the stove top, and does a decent job with poached eggs, which are hard to get consistently right.
 It’s great. Works better than advertised.
 This is an awesome little egg cooker. Cleans easy and cooks our eggs to perfection. Only thing I wish is that it came in a 1 dozen size.
 Love to make hardboiled eggs now!  Peeling eggs has never been easier!  A must have!
 This is the most amazing little egg cooker I have ever purchased!<br/>I cooked 6 eggs (hard boiled) and they came out just perfect!<br/>I would highly recommend this product!
 Works as advertised.  Cooks eggs perfectly every time, in such a short time.  You'll never boil eggs again!
 Quick and easy
 Works perfectly!
 I'm a single person, small space. This is great for what I need. No issues using this at all if you can follow minimal instructions. Recommend.
 Used one at a friends house and just loved it, so bought one for myself.
 Love the color! Everything works great! The timer alarm is very loud.
 Use it every week to keep hard boiled eggs on hand.  So easy and quick and dependable.
 Great
 I've used this nearly every day before I go to work since I bought it. it is so easy and fast! I love it. perfectly cooked eggs every time. The heating element tends to get brown and needs to be rinsed once in a while.
 With a hectic lifestyle, this product comes in handy especially when trying to prepare several different dishes for breakfast.
 Love the egg cooker, only way to make hard boiled eggs!!
 Works great. Easy to use.
 I’ve only tried the hard boiled feature, but that works great. My only complaint is the loud, extremely annoying screech it makes to tell you it’s done.
 i LOVE this product! Its so easy to use and convenient
 Love this!!!
 It stopped working after the 2nd use.
 The egg boiling works well, the poaching not so well.
 Works exactly as advertised. If you look at my review history I can be a harsh judge. I am not sure if I have yet given a 5 star rating.
 We have been using this for a few months now. It's so easy to make eggs and very easy for clean up.  The buzzer on the machine is a little obnoxiously loud but you definitely know when the eggs are done.  If you eat a lot of hard boiled eggs this is worth the money
 Every time I’ve tried to cook an egg it is undercooked. Going to keep playing around with it to see if I can get it to work right or I’ll be returning.
 Great and quick for hard boiled eggs!
 We love this product so much that we bought 2 so we can make two omelettes at the same time! The devilled eggs come out perfectly. I put water all the way to the top of the container and it works best for us.
 I don't know how I lived without this. It's super easy to use, little to no cleanup, small compact and cute!
 Not understanding why his gets such rave reviews. The headline is misleading to say the least. This will cook 6 eggs IF you are soft, medium, hard boiling but will not cook anymore then half that if you are poaching or scrambling eggs. The first time I used the product I attempted to scramble 5 egg white which really is only 2.5/3 whole eggs and a small amount of cheese. After 6 minutes only the top of the product was cooked leaving 90% or the egg still liquid. It took 6 minutes just to achieve that. I put them back in again which took another 6 minutes and still wasn't done and made a mess inside the cooker.  I guess this product would be okay if you are only boiling eggs but it's not okay for scrambling anymore then a couple at best and really it's not saving you any time from just using a bowl in a microwave or a pan on the stove with the same amount of cleanup. This won't work for me and I heard they had one that was bigger. I may check that out but at this point I can't recommend spending $20 on a egg boiling cooker because it's not really worth much more then speeding up that process and only if gay process.<br/><br/>If you wanted a simpler process to boil and egg maybe this product is it. When it comes to cooking eggs if you eat more then 1 or 2 don't bother. I'm returning and will check out the bigger option but looking I don't think it's worth the $30 for something a pan in your house can do better in shorter time when it comes to scrambling or poaching.
 however, the alarm on this device can wake the dead. nearly shat my pants the first time i used it. otherwise this is a recommended product for steaming not just only eggs. but even vegetables and small portions of salmon.
 Lo práctico q es y lo rápido que llego
 I love this product.
 Very easy to use, works great every time
 The product worked fine at first.  An egg occasionally broke when I pierced it ith the pin.  Now the product does not work at all.  I add eggs and turn the on button but after only a minute or two it shuts off and will not back on.  I have the product only 1 month.  Do not recomment.
 Works well, easy to clean and easy to use. But did not like the pouch egg or omelette attachment, there were plastic. But as an egg cooker it was great.
 Easy to use. More convenient than boiling. The alarm is a horrible noice be prepared.
 Prefect eggs every time.<br/>Wish I bought it years ago.<br/>Made perfect hard boiled eggs in 15 minutes.<br/>Very loud continues beep when done.
 I absolutely love this I have not had a problem peeling eggs and I make them every week now.  Just love it.
 Nice little gadget, works very well
 It did not meet my expectations does not cook or boil eggs completely
 Have not used yet, but it sure looks good!
 This is an amazing little egg cooker. I purchased the aqua color and it matches my Smeg toaster I also bought from Amazon. Ahhh I  can finally make hard boiled eggs. My husband and I  both love it. Works great. What a future gift idea !!!!
 Excellent Product.
 Cooks eggs perfectly, a lot easier than useing a pot of water, and a lot faster.  However the plastic locking section on one of the sides of the cooker did break, but lid still sits in place and cooks perfectly.
 Use this all the time. Works really great. I would buy it again!
 Returned. Easier to just use a pan.
 Eggs cook perfect and very fast! The eggs are also so easy to peel! I love it!
 Works great everytime
 5 months in and the heating plate area is severely rusting.
 I love hard boiled eggs, but have always hated the process! This cute little machine works perfectly! And the eggs are so easy to peel! I highly recommend! The only thing that bothered me was the loud 'beeeep' when it was done! It scared me actually so be prepared!
 Cooks fast!
 Seriously AMAZING. I was sceptical but it actually works, and works well. No more guessing if my hard boiled eggs are done &amp; they peel so well. Seriously awesome.
 Works great
 I couldn't love this little machine more!! It's perfect. I've used it daily since it has arrived. Perfect eggs every time!
 A friend told me about this since I eat boiled eggs every day, and usually under or overcook them.  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this!  It's So easy to use, and it gets my eggs done perfectly every time.  I also love that they are SO easy to peel after cooking!  The shells literally slide right off, which will make it so easy for deviled eggs.  GREAT PRODUCT!!!
 Love it. I start my coffee and my eggs in the morning and they cook perfectly every time. Then the eggs are easy to peel the shells off.  Love this!
 I've only used this product once, and that was to hard boil the eggs. I recently got my own apartment by myself and don't want to hardboil a bunch of eggs in a pot. That sounds silly, but I don't need to defend myself ;) I like how quick and easy this was. When taking the lid off and running the eggs under cold water, you do need to make sure not to burn yourself. As clumsy as I am, this makes me a bit nervous. But so far so good!
 Makes super tasty eggs every time! Flavor distributes throughout. Just add more water for longer cooking times to make it to your liking. Omelet recipes with milk and toppings need more time, and it's worth the wait.
 This is the best way to cook eggs.  Healthy and no mess.  My wife at first was a bit dubious about this product, but now she loves it as much as I do...  Highly recommended!!!
 Great product. Gave this one as a gift. Use the one I bought previously all the time. Works great.
 Love this! Quick and easy. Perfect eggs every time. No more boiling water for hard or poached eggs!
 I bought this for my son who loves boiled eggs. I use it almost everyday. So easy to use and the eggs are perfect every time. I have had since April and haven’t had any problems.
 Love it cooks seven eggs at a time and the egg peels easily
 My wife uses it every day!
 This was broken when I opened the box.
 This truly makes egg cooking so much faster and easier. Super easy clean up and takes very little space.
 Great kitchen gadget. So easy to use.<br/>1.add water<br/>2.place eggs in cooker<br/>3.plug in Dash &amp; turn on<br/>4.ready when beeps
 It works just like it claims to. I would recommend it. You do have to add just a little more water than that tells you.
 This product cooks eggs perfectly. Made Thanksgiving this year so much easier. If the directions are followed you’ll make a perfect egg every time
 Finally ready to use my new egg cooker - removed it from the original packaging and it's broken! Disappointed to say the least.
 
 LOVE this! Truly has saved me so much time as I’ve never figured out a good way to hard boil eggs. I used for salads, breakfast, etc.
 LOVEE IT
 This is one of my most used kitchen appliances. I mainly use it to boil eggs but the poached eggs are perfect. It is very easy to use and to clean.
 I love this item. It is so handy and I never have trouble peeling eggs anymore.
 Good
 the ease of assembly and the quickness of completion
 Kind of small... works great on large size eggs or smaller, but it's just about impossible to fit 6 jumbo eggs in there
 Terrible product! The eggs oozed out of the shell during cooking and the dome lid was stuck closed after cooking. Save your money and boil your eggs the old fashioned way.
 great product, I use it everyday and it has not disappointed me.
 Love this little gem!  Makes my morning a lot quicker with making breakfast.  I have one at home, bought this one for work.  n
 My life has forever changed with this device!!!!!! Makes eggs easily and the peeling process is much easier!!!
 I have got to say that I have never made so many eggs in my life since I have had this. It is sooo easy and the eggs come out delicious.. I highly recommend this for anyone. I will be purchasing 3 more for Xmas 2019!!
 Use it every day. It's awesome
 Had doubts but this works perfectly where has this been.
 Amazing! Perfect for a lazy girl like me. I love it along with my family! I’ve only tried hard boiled eggs I will update when I try other things.
 Best hard boiled eggs I've ever had! And they peel so easy! I would highly recommend this product!
 Why didn’t I know about this sooner! We use this multiple times a week. It’s awesome.
 A good product and good value.  I haven't used it for all varieties of egg prep but the ones I've tried have yielded great results.
 The sound for when the egg is ready is closer to a fire alarm than door chime.
 Works well and eggs are good. I have not made scrambled or omlets yet.
 I love the ease of peeling hard boiled eggs cooked in the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker!! It's an amazing product. Easy to use, cooks thoroughly and quickly, and is easy to clean. I LOVE IT and I use it a lot.
 This little thing cooks those eggs really fast.. they were done in no time... Love this product..
 Great little egg cooker!  Very easy way to make perfect hard boiled eggs.  The omelets also turn out VERY fluffy and good.
 Originally bought as an egg poacher but actually fell in love with how way it is to do hard boiled eggs. Less clean up than the traditional method too
 My friend loved how easy it is to use
 It cooks hard boiled eggs perfectly every time. This is second buy to give as a gift. First unit so great, had to spread the perfection.
 eat lots more eggs now.
 Husband loves this.Uses it everyday.
 Bought this for my wife.  She eats eggs daily, and loves the simplicity and convenience of this little cooker.
 So happy with this eggs come out perfect every time. fast and easy to use
 Great buy
 Best eggs I have ever boiled.
 I love this cooker. It works well and it is small enough to store easily. a great purchase.
 Great product it really frees up space I don’t have to take up a burner on the stove to boil eggs any more. Easy to clean, easy to use, and energy efficient
 only complaint is the buzzer sound! but love it! perfect hardboiled eggs! easy to peel.
 Great invention! Cooks eggs perfectly and they taste way better than regular boiling. The eggs also peel very easily. Have bought two!
 Gift
 Nice little device for no fail perfect eggs. We have a diabetic dog and we give her HB eggs, so very easy. Just hope it lasts a long time.
 The best way to make hard boiled eggs. You couldn’t make it any easier.
 Perfect hard boiled eggs every time.
 This just works... I wasn't sure what to expect.
 I must have received a used one since I am missing the trays. I really love it too since it is very convenient, but I will have to return it.
 Exactamente lo que buscaba. Saludos
 Wife loves it
 As expected.
 Works like a charm. Including instructions are very helpful. FYI I've only used this to make hard boiled eggs, though it does have instructions in preparing eggs in other ways.
 Amazing! So easy to use, also makes eggs easy to peel.
 Works great!
 Great product, you don't need an expensive one, this is the optimal choice, comes with instructions and the right tools to get your eggs on.
 if you like boiled eggs, you want to get this
 This is an amazing little appliance.  It cooks hard boiled eggs perfectly in minutes every time ans cleans up quickly.  No more boiling and timing.
 Perfect for deviled Eggs, Makes them super easy to peel every time.
 Works as advertised. The wife loves it!!
 Perfectly cooked every time.  Hard-boiled eggs peel extremely easily.
 There’s a difference between a little cosmetic wear and handles missing altogether with the pieces broken in the clearly beat up box! The price should have been a lot lower and the description accurate. I wouldn’t have bought it! Ridiculous.
 I making hard-boiled eggs very easy it makes the  yolk very creamy not hard and dry
 This thing is awesome!! i've done hard boiled and poached and they're amazing! so easy to use
 Great for a fast tasty eggs in the morning!  Highly recommend ❤️
 Love love love this egg cooker.  Really fast cooking time an all kinds of eggs can be cooked especially hard boiled. A girl friend of mine had got one from Amazon an she told me how great they are
 Cooked eggs perfectly. Made omlettes easily too.
 Didn't cook eggs as well as it should've.
 Awsome little egg cooker would give 5 stars but loud buzzer don't stop on its own other than that well worth the money
 Love this silly machine!  Works perfectly.  7 minutes, perfectly hard cooked eggs!!
 great
 I like the product for what it does.  The "pin" to pierce the egg needs further clarification or you'll have egg on your face.<br/>4 1/2  stars
 I bought for myself and as a gift as well. I think it is worthbuying with 5 stars for it does. It might have little problems such as really loud buzzer, or shut off function( I could not figure out how the button works ) but It gives what I need and deserved a 5 star.
 IT is great I am trying to improve my deviled eggs and this allows small amounts perfectly cooked
 Fun and easy
 Fast,  reliable,  easy way to hard boil eggs.  Well made product...  6 batches made,  all perfect.
 Great product. I've had this product for about six months and use it weekly (only use it for hard-boiled eggs). Adding just a little extra water and allowing the eggs to sit (after cooking) for about 15-20 mins seems to help. Especially good if you have fresh chicken eggs because traditional hard-boil methods don't seem to work well (no issue with peeling the eggs using this cooker).
 I love this little thing! It makes hard boiled eggs in a few minutes and an easy ‘ fit on an English muffin’ round egg. I’ve added cheese and veggies for an easy omelet too! Great product!
 follow directions, works perfect!<br/>i love eating my chicks egg
 The product is fine, but don't buy the egg piercer Amazon recommend you. This product contain a piercer.
 Excellent, works great!
 This is the BEST.  Everyone should have one.  We can't say enough good about this.....
 Works great. I’ve never had soft or medium boiled eggs and they are way better than hard boiled thanks to this little cooker
 Great for hard boiled eggs, omlette part can be thrown away as it just doesn’t cook properly without constant water adding or attention
 This works great to hard boiled eggs. I fill the cup all the way to the top,then when the buzzer goes off I let them sit for about 5 mins.the eggs peel perfectly.
 Egg cooker does a good job, results are great every time
 Eggs come out under cooked all the time. For soft boiled , you need to put water in for medium done eggs , and they still come out under cooked.  Disappointed in this egg cooker.
 If you like eggs you need to buy this product. Used numerous times and eggs come out perfect. Bought several of them for friends Xmas presents. They also rave about this product.
 Convenient easy to use.  Instructions are easy to follow and cook the egg just the way you like it.
 My husband likes it but hates the timer..
 Previously had a Krupp egg cooker. This cooks 1 fewer egg, but it easier to use.
 I always hated boiling eggs because they never turned out the same.... This egg cooker is work every $$. They peel easily and have the same, consistent cook EVERY time. Hooray!
 My son makes eggs before school every morning with this item. Very easy and convenient to use, but the bottom rusts easily.
 Quick and easy
 Love this!  Finally I can make hard boiled eggs that don't end up cracked, but are cooked just right and peal easily!
 Love it! It's quick and easy to make eggs in a few different ways. Clean up is easy too.
 DOESN'T GET THE YOKE IN 'HARD BOILED' EGGS TOTALLY HARD, HAVE TO REPEAT THE TIME
 Ponemos la máquina para huevos semi duros y cuando suena el timbre están crudos aún, estamos un poco desilusionados con esta compra. Los tiempos no son lo que dice el instructivo
 Very practicle
 It does what you want it to do. Eggs come out perfect with no watching of the pot!
 A must-have product if you eat boiled eggs! Very quick and easy and eggs are easy to peel!
 This egg cooker works ok, but I find it much easier to do it the old fashion way.....
 Best invention ever if you like eggs.
 Love! Got this for my dad for Christmas because he has chickens and he’s obsessed with it. So small so very portable and easy to cook so many different egg styles
 It works great
 makes perfect hard boiled eggs!
 It was a "Eggcelent" product. Works as described. Will buy again
 So easy to use. It cooks hard boiled eggs easy. I really wasn't sure it would work good. Well it works great. The eggs peel great. People at work all seem to buy one too because it works that good. I would highly recommend it.
 Best purchase! I’ve always had trouble getting eggs to peel clean, but not with this handy gadget. Super easy and fast to use. Just wish the done buzzer could turn itself off, it’s pretty loud.
 Fast and easy. Wonderful for the busy person! Easy to clean too.
 Quick boiling of eggs
 This is by far the handiest little thing ever.  It makes the best boiled eggs.  The omelet is not quite as good but still works great.
 Love that I can make hard boiled eggs in around 10 minutes!
 Cooks eggs just perfect. Bottom plate gets water stains if you don’t clean it right away.
 Great value for the price. The only downside is the sound of the alert, which could be made a bit less unpleasant.
 This is quite possibly the greatest invention of all time. I am a pretty big hard boiled egg fan, and have been cooking them in the oven recently because I hate timing them and boiling water and then over cooking them. The oven method works but takes a long time and tends to burn the bottom of the egg.<br/><br/>Enter this guy. I tried it immediately when I received it with 6 eggs. Poked the eggs, poured the water, pressed the button. The buzzer is super loud and obnoxious (think emergency warning on TV), but that's OK because I wanted my eggs. I pulled the top off, moved the eggs to a bowl full of cold water, and when they were cool enough to handle, it was the moment of truth. I cracked an egg, and to my utter disbelief, the shell literally SLID OFF THE EGG IN 2 PIECES. It was cooked PERFECTLY. I will never cook boiled eggs any other way for as long as this beautiful, beautiful machine lasts me. Then I will buy another one.
 although the cooker states it will cook 6 eggs , you can only poach 2 eggs at a time not  6 ,  The amount of water you use to poach is hard to determine one time eggs are runny and the next eggs are hard .
 Works very..bit louder
 I absolutely love this egg cooker. It makes quick weekday breakfasts so easy! I have told everyone a out it and a few of my friends went out on bought one. This will make a great gift as well. A must have kitchen gadget. I use it daily.
 So quick and easy!  Was not really expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised. This is now one of my favorite kitchen appliances.
 This thing is awesome. This is all I use now if I need hard-boiled eggs. They are cooked accurately by the amount of water you put in.
 Best money spent, easy to use. Makes a great gift too.
 Excellent egg cooker with a terrifying buzzer sound. It's nice that I can hear the buzzer anywhere in my apartment.... but it is louder than our smoke detector alarm.
 Absolutely love this thing. Only drawback on it is that the alarm on it is mildly terrifying. Will definitely wake you up.... and everyone in the immediate vicinity.
 One of the best products I've purchased. The eggs come out perfect. One of the reviews stated that it screeches while cooking. It only screeches once it is out of water. This is a must buy!
 Works perfectly.  Couldn't be happier.  I use it every day and after about a month, it is still working well.  My wife and I both use it every day for omelets, poached eggs, scrambles, and hard boiling.  Best part is you don't have to watch it so you can prep the rest of the meal while this device does the cooking. Never burns!
 The cooker performs all of its functions just fine.  But when the eggs are done, the cooker has a buzzer that I can only describe as screeching like a fire alarm.  And it never stops!!!  There is no timeout. You have to shut the thing down.  So if anyone else in your house was sleeping, well they are not anymore.  I can't return it now but I will be buying a different brand.
 Just got it in and immediately used it. Worked great for hard boiled eggs. I haven't tried any other setting but I'll try it out this weekend. But if you're looking for something to make easy boiled eggs, this is it.
 I love this product.  Easy to use.
 This product was exactly what I needed. The only small issue I had is that after your eggs are done cooking and the alarm goes off you have to unplug it to stop the alarm and turn it off.  I wish there was a on off seitch for this.
 It's great!
 We love this little egg cooker.  The hard boiled eggs come out PERFECT every time!
 We tried to soft boil 1 egg twice, but each time the buzzer went off after only 4 minutes.  I let the egg sit in there for another minute the second time we tried, but it was still too runny.  I am considering returning this, tired of wasting eggs.
 Love love love it !! Perfect eggs everytime
 Easy to use, but need add a little bit more water in addition to the instruction to get the preferred cooked level. Alarm is a little horrifying.
 Works great for hard and soft boils. Only issue is the hunk that builds up on the metal, but it does wash away. Also the alarm is a bit annoying.
 Cooks my boiled eggs perfectly.
 This has been great so far.  The "medium" hardness egg still seems really soft, have had to go to "hard".  But besides that it's great and easy to use.
 The best ever!!!  Even my kids (9 to 14) willingly use it, it is so easy to use!  I've told 4 more friends about it and they have also ordered it from here and love it!
 Works great and eggs are so easy to peel!  I haven't tried the omelette or poached egg accessories yet, but I really bought this for the hard boiled eggs and I am totally happy with it!
 It actually works!. Perfect eggs every time!!!
 I like the product, but a piece was missing.
 This is a great little device.  Real time-saver and it cooks eggs perfectly!  I use a lot of hard-boiled, but tried poached this a.m..... flawless.  Try using Purified Water instead of tap to avoid the residue clean up when the water has evaporated.
 This works great for hard boiled and poached eggs.  Don't be fooled by the omelet pan as that would really create something about the size of what a fast food restaurant puts on an english muffin.
 Very small
 We love ours and bought this one for my brother who is a bachelor.  Don't have to watch water boiling, just plug it in and in a few minutes it is done.  99% of the time the eggs peal perfectly.  Very happy with this cooker.  I know you can buy larger ones but six eggs at one time is just enough for the two of us.  Also made soft boiled eggs and they turned out good too.
 I bought this and in 5 minutes it will hard boil one to 5 eggs. Bought one for a friend for Xmas.
 I just love this machine! It's FAST and RAPID!
 I bought this to bring to work and so far it’s a hit and seems to be idiot proof.<br/><br/>The only problem I have is the alarm buzzer almost sounds like a fire alarm and is way too loud.
 Easy to use and cooks quickly with the right amount of eggs.
 Perfect for making hard boiled eggs for my husband and I at the beginning of the week
 WORKS GREAT
 Not enough good things to say!  Easy to operate / user-friendly, easiest hard boiled eggs I have ever peeled in my life.  I am not a "kitchen gadget" person, but this... wow, has changed my egg preparing world.<br/><br/>So why four stars?  The gosh darn buzzer is too loud and unpleasant.  It almost sounds like a smoke detector / fire alarm going off.  Just that... that's four star worthy?  Nope... as if the buzzer isn't bad enough, and you're in a hurry to push the power button (on the front) to turn off the device/sound, the little egg maker likes to slide back from the pressure being placed on the push button.  Obviously the device is hot because it just finished cooking delicious eggs, so grabbing from behind and/or underneath while powering off not so ideal either.<br/><br/>Overall, definitely worth the downfalls of the device.  I'm willing to live with these silly quirks simply for the ease and functionality of this great kitchen gadget.
 I can’t believe how great this egg cooker is. It make the best eggs
 Works great, easy clean up and eggs come right out of shell if you soak them in ice water for ten minutes.
 Got this for my niece - works well.
 The best egg cooker ever
 Perfect eggs every time. Throw them in ice water after the annoying screaming alarm goes off, and it peels super easy. Great for deviled eggs.
 Absolutely love this! I love eating hard boiled eggs, but hate the process because I tend to forget about them. This cooker cooks them in 12 minutes. Cooked perfectly every time and easy to peel!
 Perfect eggs in just a few minutes! I even tried six eggs for 16 min to hard boil and there was no sign of overcooking. I am definitely going to have friends get this. The only down side is that the buzzer sounds terrible—but at least I know the eggs are ready.
 Product came half opened and tape back together. This is a gift and now I can't give it I'm really angry
 Does exactly what it advertises.
 best
 Absolutely love it! I would buy this thing over and over again. Easiest way to make boiled eggs. Do yourself a favor and buy you one!
 Cooks “ eggcellent” every time! Love it!
 I love the convenient of this little gadget! The eggs are perfectly done!!
 Where has this been all my life? This is amazing. The shells peel off so smoothly/easily. The eggs are very moist. Best thing I've bought in a long time. I would buy one for anyone getting married or college kids. Great way to eat healthy, without much fuss.
 The on button doesn’t function, it’s just decoration.<br/>Egg are raw independent of how much water to use, I have to re program at least three times each time so I can get them cooked
 I’ll never boil eggs again. This TOTALLY changes the egg making game.
 This is so easy to use! It makes perfect hard boiled eggs all the time and they are so easy to peel!
 Perfect eggs every time. I guess you know you're an adult when you fall in love with an egg cooker.
 Works well but can be annoying to clean.
 Best gadget going eggs peal very easy which I found surprising. Omlets are fluffy and poached is very easy with no mess. Getting one for mom.
 Too easy
 My only complaint about this item is that the buzzer sounds like a nuclear warning siren. I wish there was a way to turn off the sound on that thing because it gives me a heart attack every time it goes off!
 Have had this for 1 month and it quit working.
 Way better than boiling.  Done perfect and eggs come right out of the shell.  Making a two egg omelet in the contain is perfect to take to work or egg sandwich.  Would buy this again and recommend it.
 I don't normally do this but I'm impressed!  In 14 minutes I have perfect hard boiled eggs (though you can also prepare medium or soft if you prefer) - best part is how easily the eggs peel!  There is no egg sticking to the shell!  Love it!  Simple, easy to follow instructions you only need once.  I haven't tried the omelette or poached eggs yet but I'm sure they'll be just as good as the hard boiled eggs.
 Love this!  Makes great eggs. Way better than a pot
 Bought this for my son and he loves it!
 We use this every day. So easy to get it started, then come back later. Only thing missing is a buzzer to tell you when the eggs are done.
 Cooks eggs perfect everytime!
 Love this little egg cooker!  Works wonderfully...had soft cooked eggs<br/>with toast for supper.  No more watching a lot of boiling water.<br/>The timer is a tad loud but nothing really extreme.
 Love it ! Eggs are easy to peel when you use the needle on the bottom of the cup to puncture the shell!
 Unbelievable Great! Perfectly cooked eggs with very little water and zero mess.
 Works great!  The eggs peel easily after proper cooking.  I put the eggs in ice water for about ten minutes and stored them in the refrigerator.  After that they are easy to peel. The buzzer is loud. It scores a "10" on the attention scale, but I'm sure that if it wasn't people would complain they didn't hear it.
 Best investment
 I can’t believe it took me so long to buy one of these. Easy and consistent. Eggs always peel easily with no fuss. Read instructions for timing.
 This product is so easy to use - I use it often and I love it! I get perfect hard or soft boiled eggs.
 Awesome little invention!
 This is the so much better than boiling eggs and they peel easily.
 great way to control the cooking to get the result perfect.
 This is an absolutely perfect little machine!!😊 No assembly required... easy to clean. Just puncture your eggs... add water... turn it on... that's it!😊 Perfect eggs every time!!❤😊
 I saw all the reveiws on this product before I ordered one. Even as inexpensive as this cooker is, I would not whole-heartedly recommend it as a "must have" item for any situation, be that dorm room, kitchen or gift giving. Gift giving especially; spend the $13.00 - $15.00 on something else so your gift doesn't fall under the category of: "It's the thought that counts" or "It was a wonderful thought and that is what really matters". This Egg Cooker could be more of a frustration than a convenience. We found that SIZE DOES MATTER. When we used Large or Extra Large Eggs the cooker can't tell what size eggs you're working with. I don't want to go "all science" on you, so suffice to say that the more food (in this case the size of the eggs you're using) volume or density that is used in this cooker, the more you have to adjust the amount of water used in the heat tray. As an example; eggs that are bigger than "medium size" will require that you adjust the amount of water you need to use in the heater base/tray. In our efforts to poach 2 LARGE SIZE eggs, we found we needed to measure out the water with the little measuring cup (provided) to a fill point in that measuring cup to an imaginary line about halfway between the "poached egg" marking and the "hard" marking for hard boiled eggs. Using the "poach" marking on the measuring cup, rendered the poached eggs undercooked and very runny, thus convenience just "went down the drain" along with the wasted eggs.<br/>In essence, you will likely be (maybe every time) playing around/adjusting the amount of water used in this cooker for each separate egg cooking situation. For us, this dramatically detracted from the convenience factor of buying this appliance. The sensor(s) in this device will work; but ONLY based on the amount of time, effort, practice, wasted food (eggs) and water you spend in using this appliance over time.<br/>Thus we give this appliance a generous Three Stars!
 This thing is AMAZING! Makes perfect boiled eggs without any cracks. The peelings slide off without sticking. Turns off automatically when done. My large eggs turned out perfectly done. So easy! Boiling eggs is no longer a chore. LOVE IT!
 Best and easiest way to make hard boiled eggs.  And the peeling process after cooked was very simple.
 I eat a lot more eggs now. It's so easy to make perfect eggs with this. Great time saver.
 Reluctant to order thinking we wouldn't use it... use it frequently works great.
 Makes very loud sound after eggs are done. That's only disappointing thing for me.
 I love this egg cooker.  I make soft boiled eggs almost every day.  Delicious and so easy.  I made zillions of hard boiled eggs for Easter.  There's only one thing I don't like, and it is HORRIBLE.  The buzzer is just obscenely awful sounding.  Family members jumped in fright of a fire or some other emergency.  It hurts my ears.  I rush to the thing as quickly as possible to turn it off.  It would be a really great product if they would put some pleasant finish sound in it.  If they did, I would buy them for all my family members.
 Product is, as advertised.
 Love the eggs cooked in it!  I have very fresh eggs and they peel!
 Incredible!!!! I cooked 6 eggs and they came out perfectly hard boiled and as other reviews said, peeled so nicely!!! Very, very easy to use!
 Cooks fast and easy. You just adjust the amount of water in bottom of tray for what you are cooking.
 Best egg cooker I've ever had! It perfectly boils eggs and cooks then just as well.
 Great way to  prepare hard boiled eggs in a sport time.
 The hard boiled eggs came out perfectly with no fuss and using very little water (steam). It is great for water conservation.
 Never seen like it before.  Is fast and works great.  No more boiling eggs in water for me.  For the money, it can't be beat.
 This little gadget is so great my son bought one for me for Christmas.  I loved it so well I bought one for him.
 It does what it is suppose to do, but "done" indicator sound is quite startling and obnoxious!
 Love this gadget.
 👍🏿
 Works perfectly.  Easy to use.  Very loud alarm if the cooker runs dry.
 I've only tried boiling eggs with it but already fell in love with it! It makes the egg just as I wanted with the soft yolk and white! The only shortcoming would be the alarm sound which is loud as fire alarm but that's really minor for me.
 Pretty good, cooks egg very quick with no mess at all.
 Love it. So far no complaints. Did omelettes this am worked great
 Does the job as described.
 I love this product! It saves time for me during a busy morning!
 Works great
 Love this eggs cooker!! I have nothing negative to say; this is a must to have at home
 Love my egg cooker! So far so good. Only had one bad experience with an egg not being all the way done!
 This is absolutely perfect. Every type of egg has come out perfect. my favorite is the ease of making the hard boiled eggs.
 Best thing ever.. No more boiling eggs on the stove.. Perfect eggs every time!!
 It only lasted a month. Now the buzzer goes off prematurely and it doesn’t cook the eggs. I’m so sad because it worked great when I first got it. :(
 wife loves it
 Small but super easy and convenient. If only it would peel them for me too
 I love this egg cooker, perfect eggs every time and it’s great and fast for a small batch of 6 eggs!
 This is amazing!! The best egg cooker ever!! Makes hard boiled eggs in 14 mins that are easy to peel. Omelettes that are just the right size for a person!! I have told others about it and they have bought and love it too!! Everyone should have one!!!! :)
 Perfect for making evenly cooked hard boiled eggs! So easy to use and easy to clean up. Definitely beats pulling out a pot to boil water.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R16BGT8B55KEKL"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91GgBDZdNGS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1KF2DJel-S.png"/> It make egg good and fast. The loud screeching timer is a lie, it sounds wonderful, I used it to calm my crying nephew.
 I love this little egg cooker. I wish I had gotten one years ago.
 Started leaking water after only 2 weeks, other than that it worked fine
 Love it. This is so easy to use. Very few steps even the kids can work it.
 The best thing I bought! No more peeling problems with hard boiled eggs for deviled eggs!  Shells come off clean every time!
 i had looked for a long time for decent egg cooker and this is it.
 Use this all the time. Takes the guess work out and love just sitting the cooking rack right into the fridge.
 Very cool kitchen gadget!
 Husband has loved cooking with this one.  He's a big egg fan, and this has made meal prep so much easier.
 Way too noisy
 Great Product. Excellent Choice. Totally Satisfied.
 Very convenient. Eggs seem to cook throughly. Loud buzzing sound.
 Works great!
 Good
 I bought this for my dad and he is obsessed with it. He cant believe how easy it is to use. He has eggs all the time now.
 Love it 😍. I use at least once a week.
 I love ours. Sometimes have to use more water or run much longer than suggested on the water and time chart. Other than is very convenient
 I love the fact that the eggs are perfectly hardboiled every time. :)
 Very nice product.  I use it often, and the hard-boiled eggs come out great!
 Works very well to hard cook so far.
 Arrived on time and works great.  Would purchase again!!
 I absolutely love this product. It makes great tasting eggs and I just have to start it and walk away. The beeping noise it makes when it's done is alarming but it's worth it.
 If anyone wants a siren with a built in egg cooker, look no further. This little device will shriek like a thing from your nightmare. The device is good but it's just too LOUD.
 I bought this little baby on Saturday; it is now Monday and I have used it 3 times already. I have made hard boiled and poached eggs and an omelette. All three came out perfectly! It is just so nice to be able to pop my eggs in the machine and then go about getting ready for the day while they cook. I have zero complaints. Two thumbs up. Would purchase again.
 Received with a broken handle so the lid won’t stay on. :(<br/>I put a little super glue on it and will try it out tomorrow to see if it will still work.
 Quite possibly the best kitchen item ever made. Perfect eggs every time! Eggs peel flawlessly. So impressed by this appliance!
 Eggs turned out great!  Very easy to peel.
 I really love it. No fuss. No mess. No worrying about timing.
 This cooks eggs perfectly every time!
 This thing is fantastic, its really easy to use.
 This little egg cooker is amazing! It does exactly what you want it to do and fast! No mess, no hassle! I would definitely recommend this product!
 The timer went off way before the eggs were done and no way to reset it. I sent it back. Very poor product or I got one that was bad.
 Loved it so much bought one for my friend.
 Love it
 Love this thing. Makes cooking all kinds of eggs a breeze. Just pop them in and walk away. When the buzzer sounds, your eggs are ready.
 I use this every morning!
 Easy to use and clean.
 I may not like the sound it makes, but it's a wonderful asset to my kitchen, no wasted water and the eggs are just right every time!
 So easy and foolproof! No guessing about time and measurements!!
 Works great for hard boiled and scrambled eggs.not so good soft boiled
 Works as designed. Flawless eggs each time.
 Now I can have boiled eggs in less time it would take to put on the stove.  Hard boiled eggs with Dash Go are easy to make.
 I like it... works well...  A little expensive.  More than a bigger one... Why???
 it's great.
 If you don't have one and eat hard boiled eggs... you will need this right now.
 This is the most awesome egg cooker.  Very little mess.  Perfect poached eggs every time.  The omelette and hard-boiled features are equally impressive.  I’m buying one for everyone I know.
 Should have had one of these years ago
 A neat idea, but it won't hard boil an egg at 4700 feet altitude. Don't buy it if you live in high country.
 Had to return it because the box had been opened, the unit was used and the instruction pamphlet had been colored in by a child. Also, product was cheaply made.
 I've had this for a few weeks, cannot comment on durability but if you eat eggs frequently and want a quick and easy way to hard boil, soft boil, poach etc this is a good buy
 Excellent product
 This egg cooker is so great I ended up having to buy a second one when my sister stole my original Dash cooker. Turns out, this was the best thing ever since this model is an improvement on the original. It seems to cook much better and has an alarm that sounds when the eggs are done. Definitely one of my favorite kitchen gadgets.
 Love this cooker. It perfectly cooks my eggs within a short amount of time and they are perfect every time. Simple to use as well.
 Fast and easy to use.love the chimes when eggs are cooked
 As and when expected.
 Excellent product works really good the Buzzard is a little Annoying letting you it's ready
 I love this egg cooker. Making poached eggs is simple and they're perfect every time!
 I'm halfway between not liking this and being kinda meh about it. I had a Krups egg cooker before, which gave out after about a year and a half (for a $20 appliance, can't complain). I ADORED my Krups. Eggs were perfect almost every time. Unfortunately, you can't find a Krups cooker anymore--at least not on Amazon. So I got the Dash.<br/><br/>Not a fan. Firstly, there's just one cup with one fill line for this (the Krups had three fill charts for soft, medium, and hard-boiled, and each chart had fill lines for 1 - 7 eggs). Which, if the eggs would cook right, would be fine. Instead, you have to manually set a timer based on the number of eggs you're cooking. So what good exactly is the timer on the unit? I don't know. But if you just go by the unit's timer, half the time your eggs will be undercooked. Like with a runny yolk should you bite into it. Not good for someone on the go trying to eat a boiled egg as a snack / quick meal. The other half the time, the eggs are overcooked or hard to peel.<br/><br/>I am probably going to look on eBay for a Krups, or possibly try another brand of cooker. Thank God at $20, I'm not married to this thing.<br/><br/>** Edit: I upped my rating to three stars. This little guy is finicky, but it's usable once you get the hang of it. Always pierce the bottom of the egg (not the top) and give it about five minutes after the buzzer goes off to remove the eggs and they're usually done. I'd buy it again if this one went belly up, though I would look for a Krups first.
 Excellent product , does exactly what it says it does.
 I bought this for a friend, and she states that it worked once but emitted a screeching sound. Each time after she said it screeched continuously and did not cook the eggs.
 I love this egg cooker!  It is easy to use and versatile.  The recipes were a surprise and appreciated.
 Makes great eggs! Quick and easy to use. Just wished that the timer ring after the eggs cooked will turn off by itself and have a better sound.
 The worst part about hard boiled eggs is peeling them. Not with this product. I will never use any other way to HB eggs from now on. Everyone should own one of these.  I haven't tried to cook the eggs any other way yet, but I'm confident it will do a great job!  Now I'm giving these as gifts!
 Best thing is for bowling the eggs in Minutes.
 OMG, this was a great cheap find that works!!! It boils eggs perfectly. It comes with a cute recipe book so I plan on trying them all.
 This thing is awsome cooks fast easy to use
 As a frequent hard boiled egg cooker I absolutely love this!! I can start it and walk away. Perfect for those of us "distracted" cookers :)
 Great egg boiler. Does what it is supposed to do. However, the buzzer is very loud and sounds like my fire alarm. Minus one star for making me panic every single time it goes off.
 works perfect...we have been using this for last couple of months...very useful and handy during the usual rush breakfast times in mornings
 I love this product. I have used it at least a dozen times for only hard boiled eggs, and have been very satisfied each time.
 Es rápido y efectivo
 It works as advertised. Great for hard boiled eggs.
 This is a great product.  I love how it makes Hard boiled eggs.
 Looks good, followed all the instructions, poached eggs look great on top and were uncooked/translucent below.<br/>Not worth the money nor the cleaning up.
 Absolutely love it! It works so good. The eggs are cooked perfectly
 I love this! Extremely easy to use &amp; extremely easy to clean.
 Works surprisingly well, but it is designed for one person. Can only poach two eggs at a time or one omelette at a time.
 Such a great tool, I LOVE IT!! It’s efficient, easy to use, and now I can make my eggs while I do other things around the house!
 This made perfect hard boiled eggs! They also peeled easily! Wonderful egg cooker, so glad I bought it!
 Good item, but I don't use it as much as I thought I would.
 Love to use this for my eggs.
 This works well. I would recommend using bottle water if you live in hard water areas &amp; don't have a water softener.
 Does a good job with eggs.  Hard boiled is perfect.  The water scorches, however, and the scorch is building up.
 Hard boils eggs in around 15 minutes. I was expecting a faster boiling time than what it takes to boil eggs in water, hence won't be giving 5stars<br/>Although, it makes omelets without the use of oil which is a plus.
 I have used this several times, following all the  instructions and adding the correct amount of water. My hard boiled eggs are never done.
 Makes awesome hard boiled eggs but that alarm is ridiculously loud! Lol
 Makes hard boiled eggs so quick and easy! Shell peels off like a gem too. Why didn't I buy this thing years ago?!
 Easy to use. Works great.
 Easy to use, no problems at all.  Cooks eggs exactly as I like them!  So glad i found this.
 This little gadget is so easy and makes my perfect boiled eggs.  The metal tray gets a little smelly and discolored, but it is easy to clean.
 I use this all the time to make hard boiled eggs. It is quick, easy and the eggs are easy to peel. Clean up is easy too.
 Very happy with this. Unboxed it and hard-boiled six eggs right away. The other reviews that stated that the shells came off easily were absolutely correct.  No more fussing with boiling water and hard to peel shells!!
 Bought this as a gift, she loved it! Every time I see her she tells me how cool it is and that she uses it 2 or 3 times a week!
 Love how simple and easy it is to use. Put in the water, add eggs, push button and wait for horrible alarm to sound. Perfect eggs every time!
 Amazing cooks eggs perfect every time. Love the simplicity of it. Now i do not have anymore mess.
 It is quick which makes it nice.  But I chose hardboiled and my eggs were not hard boiled.  disappointed.
 Works like a charm, im amazed by the bad reviews, ive had no problems
 Love love love this egg cooker highly recommend I bought it as gifts too. Great machine easy to use and takes the hassle out of boiling eggs.
 Such a time saver
 This product completely stopped working. It was fine at first but then after a couple of weeks, it cooks the eggs for 15 mins (before the timer goes off) then they are still not fully cooked. I would like a replacement.
 The best egg maker ever!<br/><br/>Makes eggs perfect everytime.
 Really easy to use and makes great eggs. My only complaint is the alarm when it is done steaming is ridiculously loud and obnoxious. Like, louder than smoke detectors and more startling than any alarm clock I've ever owned. It sounds like an emergency warning system. And because there is no visible timer it is impossible to anticipate. Totally unnecessary.
 This thing is amazing.
 Works as advertised...
 I've tried this cooker three times (2 hard-boiled, 1 poached) and each time the eggs were not done. I would leave them longer, but the alarm sound is  so shrill you have to unplug the cooker to turn it off.
 Effective and easy way to cook eggs. I've always had trouble hard boiling eggs for some reason, and this product really helped! Instructions are easy to follow and offer multiple ways to cook your eggs. Only downside is it does come with a lot of different parts that aren't particularly easy to store together and keep track of. Definitely would still recommend!
 Great egg cooker. I use it a couple times a week. Easier &amp; quicker than boiling water in a pan.
 Works incredibly well.  Fill it with water to the mark on the little cup and push the button.  Perfect hard-boiled eggs and fool-proof.
 Super fast and efficient for breakfast on the go, or if you didn’t want a mess to clean up! We love the dash rapid egg cooker!
 I have a hard time cooking boiled eggs that peel nice. This does they peel easily . I was surprised that I had to poke a hole in the egg before cooking. It's ok I didn't break any : )
 The best egg boiler....no need to boil a whole pot of water to make hard boiled eggs....and its quick.
 love it
 I use this multiple times a week and LOVE IT. I hated hard boiling eggs on the stove and was awful at frying eggs...this is so simple and cooks every egg to the near perfect doneness.
 Given as gift
 Works well.  Easy to use.
 Works as stated. Love it<br/>Doing the Keto diet, so I use this thing everyday.
 Only regret is that I haven't order this earlier in my life.
 Perfectly hard boiled eggs! Be forewarned it does make an alarming noise if the tray runs out of water.
 Exactly what you hear about... fast and easy.
 When cooking hard boiled eggs use 1/2 inch more water than what's called for or you will have under cooked eggs. Overall very good product and eggs are very easy to peel.
 This is a terrible product. It doesn’t work as it supposed to. I wanted to make soft eggs, what i got was raw eggs. Don’t buy.
 easy to use and will turn off automatically when set right. A good buy for the price.
 Easy to use. Perfect hard boiled eggs. I don’t have to worry about watching a boing pot or walking away and forgetting. Perfect every time.
 The advertised time don’t work. I had to run it multiple times to get expected results
 This thing is adorable and is a great help for busy mornings. But the measurement cup that was included is WAY off. I more or less have to double the water for whatever I'm trying to do. So when I tried boiling six eggs, I had to basically overfill the hot plate. It does work, but I wish the measurement was correct so it wouldn't be a guessing game every time I try something new.
 The wife loves it,by the time she's ready to go to work,the eggs are ready.Love it.
 I make hard boiled eggs every week and there is no smell.  Before my family would complain.  Much quicker also.
 I love this thing...I have two and recently purchased a third!
 Looooooooove this thing!!! Why didn't I buy this sooner!! Perfect for the office or home! Only thing I don't like is the loud annoying buzzer that goes off after ur eggs are done.
 We use it all the time
 Wife loves this shiz
 Loved it! It’s cuts the time in half using this! Plus for the hairs boiled eggs they cook so perfect and the shell comes right off! Loved it! So worth it.
 So nice to have my breakfast cooking while I finish up my makeup or run upstairs for something I forgot. Love it!
 Very efficient egg cooker. And looks nice too.
 Its the best Egg cooker I have tried so far.
 Very compact and delivers what it promises. Very satisfied with the product.<br/>The buzzer is a bit jarring but distinct.
 I thoroughly enjoy using this product.  Plan on ordering for a couple of gifts when it is time.
 Love it!
 This product is truly a life changing product and the eggs are SO GOOD. I can't believe I have lived this long without one, I feel like a fool.
 A great little device that cooks your eggs the way you want every time and very fast.
 I was a bit skeptical but this is the best $20<br/>I spent in awhile!  Egss came out perfect!
 Works well for streaming eggs for soft or medium or hard boiled. Omelet was nothing special. Suggest using a pan instead. It has a super loud buzzer when eggs are finished cooking.
 Cute, fun, easy. Works as stated.  Great for an RV or college dorm.
 Works perfectly and it's easy to clean. what's not to love?
 This is what I needed
 It was easy to use and the shell on the eggs are easy to remove once cooked. The only thing that scares me is the alarm sound once done. But still the great product.
 very handy to have to make half dozen boiled eggs quickly.  love this product!
 Hard boils 6 eggs in about 12 minutes.
 I absolutely LOVED this little egg cooker when I bought it less than 3 wk ago but it already quit working. I used it less than half a dozen times. It have a "hot" smell and has not turned on since. I am returning it.
 Does the job
 Love this thing! Cooks the eggs perfectly every time. My only complaint is the slight metallic smell when it's cooking. It's not horrible, but it's not exactly pleasant either.
 The hard broiled egg option works as intended. On the other hand, the omelette option does not produce a good result.
 It’s nice for hardboiled eggs. But all the other features are always a failure. The buzzard that alerts you when it’s done is also unnecessarily loud.
 Use it everyday
 Love it 10 min eggyss
 6 Hard boiled eggs in 20 minutes with little effort. Works beautifully.
 Like the egg cooker , but it stained up the silver egg holder but works great
 Love love this egg cooker!! Best product in my kitchen
 According to the instructions, add water and wait 6 minutes for making the hard-boiled egg.<br/>But the water evaporates after a minute and a half, so that the egg does not have enough time to cook ...
 Works as advertised.
 Works great. Great product.
 I loved this at first, so easy to cook hard boiled eggs.  However it broke after less than 10 uses!! So disappointed as I wanted to love it!
 Works great and cooks eggs perfectly. Super easy to clean and maintain as well.
 Not what I expected!
 I love this product. Simple to use and works!! I goto walk my dog in the morning, set it and forget it. By the time I’m back the eggs are ready and made how I like.
 Used it for the first time tonight for hard boiled eggs and I love it!  So convienent and easy to clean.  Doesn't take up much space either.  Will recommend to friends and family!
 Happy with purchase.
 Love this thing. It's a game changer when it comes to soft boiled eggs. My kids (8 and 11) make hard boiled eggs by themselves. Even hubs loves it. Winner.
 Performs as advertised. But it's louder than heck.
 I like the ability to peel the eggs after they come out of that cooker.
 Works good, as described.
 Great for hard boiled eggs. Peeled very easily. Steam from cooking process tends to accumulate when using scrambled or poached inserts.
 Love these!! Works great!! So much easier then me cooking them on the stove.
 Nice, good egg cooker.
 It is really plasticy and the alarm beep sounds like a fire alarm from the 80s
 I should have bought the 12 egg cooker.  I truly needed this product in my life for along time because we eat a lot of deviled eggs and potato salad.
 Very cheaply made.  I had to return this immediately.
 Cool thing. Just being able to easily peel eggs and getting consistent outcome is well worth it.
 Love it !!
 Junk- broke just taking out of box. Returned it
 Very useful and easy to cook
 As far as I know it works great. I gave it as a shower gift and the receivers says they love it.
 works like a dream
 Best $15 I've spent. Cooks eggs perfect.
 I love this little egg cooker!  Perfect every time!
 Durable and does the job.  Good product and quick delivery
 Excellent way to cook eggs in a hurry
 Gave to my mom as a gift.  She loves it.  Says easy to use and quick.
 This item is absolutely amazing! It’s so quick and easy and makes great hard boiled eggs.... way better than the pan!
 Easy to use and you can really get the texture of egg that you prefer... only thing I don’t like is the sound it makes like an amber alert when it’s done cooking.
 Very easy to use and the eggs come out great 👍
 Easy to hardboiled eggs. Easy to peel eggs. Use it all the time. Never a problem.
 Not exactly my expectation.
 This little item makes boiling eggs a breeze. No more worrying if your eggs will come out hard boiled.
 So great! Perfect for breakfast without being messy. I go to shower and and I come back my eggs are ready!
 The egg cooker emits an unpleasant buzzing sound to let you know when the eggs are done. The sound is loud and I warn other members of my family when I use the cooker.
 This makes cooking delicious eggs convenient. The instructions are simple, and the device is very easy to clean. Definitely recommend
 You add the water,  puncture a hole in the top of eggs with the tool provided,  put the eggs in, pop lid on &amp; about 16 minutes later you have perfect hard boiled eggs. Love it!
 I use this daily. It’s so freaking amazing! It Definitely makes life so much easier! Now I eat hard boiled eggs every day. They come out perfect every time and peel super easy.
 good
 Was really looking forward to this item.  It was recommended by Hungry Girl with a link that led right here and I'm a sucker for her recommendations. It arrived broken (see photo).  One of the locking handles clear off of it and the pieces floating around inside the plastic bag it came in.  I do not have the time or the energy to return it and it can still be used thankfully because your not supposed to lock it while in use but it's not something that I can leave out on the counter because lets face it a broken appliance is ugly, even if it is still usable.<br/>I've only made hard boiled eggs in it so far and the eggs are good, this is what I bought it for but agreed that the "buzzer" is more like a shrieking alarm and I didn't see any of the eggs overflow through their little holes or anything but still there was something that burned on the heat plate its now brown and sweet smokey smelling .  Oh well, just be wary that it's a working appliance but you may get it broken. :/
 Amazing cheap little device. Perfect and EZ to peel eggs.
 I was so excited to get this product and try it out. Just took it out of the package and it's broken! So disappointed!
 I had bought my first one and it broke.  The lid is really good because it twists shut. The only this that I have to get adjusted to is the loud noise it makes. The first Dash Go I bought did not have that sound it shut itself off (the lid did not twist shut).
 easy to use and very helpful device
 quality product
 A friend introduced me to this cooker. I am more than satisfied.
 What a great idea and great product in such a small and compact form factor . I have hard boiled 3 dozen eggs and they all came out perfect . Awesome product .
 Amazing product. I can actually make a warm breakfast at work, quickly and safe.
 The best gadget l purchase for  boil eggs easy to use  ,eggs peel  so easily boil eggs without watching.
 Very very cool little kitchen addition.
 This is a perfect product for any egg lover (like myself) it makes hard boiled eggs easy and quick and with no green color around the yolk, I would definitely recommend this if you're considering buying it
 I tried all of the settings, and I have to say that it was not only fun, but it cooked the eggs to perfection. Great product.
 I've only done hardboiled eggs so far, but they are easy and turn out perfectly every single time. I love this thing!
 Easy to use and easy clean up. Perfect hard boiled eggs
 Perfect if you eat lots of hard boiled eggs.
 Cooks eggs perfectly.  I would love if it cooked more eggs at a time, but otherwise I love it
 Works well and quickly.  Easy to use.
 Just received and used my Dash egg cooker. Wow!  So easy and the eggs were perfect.  My sister just asked me to hint to our Mom that she would like one for her birthday.
 I love this thing, I can make my soft boiled eggs in no time n I don’t have set a times from boiling them in the pot!
 Works easily &amp; flawlessly. Must clean hot plate area w/vinegar.
 The product is good, small.... but, is a HUGE MISTAKE NOT BE BIWOLT..... Unbellievable....
 Bought this egg cooker as a Christmas gift “joke”. Best joke ever given. We love this little cooker. No more broken eggs and perfect every time!
 Works exactly the way it's supposed to and takes up very little kitchen space. Simple to operate and I'm going to be making a lot more eggs now!
 Everything seems great but just opened it and mine didn’t come with the boiling tray, which I need to use the product at all. Hopefully they can send me the boiling tray?
 Love it - just hate the buzzer when the eggs are done. Sounds like your smoke detector.
 Love this little cooker. Wife loves it also.Eggs turn out great. Peel easily. Love my soft boiled eggs, deviled eggs.
 I like my eggs well done. Therefore the timer is not accurate, I always leave my eggs 2 extra minutes after the timer. Its quick, convenient and I love it.
 I have tried all sorts of methods to make hard boiled eggs but never been consistently successful. This little cooker has made perfect eggs every time I have used it! Easy to peel, perfectly cooked. I highly recommend.
 Works fantastic!!  Follow the instructions and you get perfect poached eggs.  Very easy to use and clean
 Great purchase and it does everything that it says. I will admit that the smell did make me nervous the first time but the eggs come out perfectly and are super easy to peel. The clean up takes a minute.
 works well, easy to use and easy to clean.  very small
 This is a great product
 perfect eggs every time hard boiled, omelets and poached so easy to clean as well
 Cooks eggs to perfection.
 I love this little cooker! It makes omelets, hard boiled eggs etc. It turns off by itself. It is lightweight and doesn't take up a ton of space.
 Not advertised as used, but I was not the original owner. Kind of browns the shells on the bottom. Works fine, but not aesthetically pleasing.
 This is a great deal. I've made hard boiled eggs in pan on the stove, baked them in the oven, but nothing I've tried is as good as this as far as the ease of making them and how easy they are too peel. Buy this and you won't be disapointed!!
 great
 Cooks better than the microwave one I have
 Discolors quickly. Cooks eggs just fine. I hate having to pierce the eggs before cooking.
 AMAZING! Works so easily. We use it for hard boiled eggs. They come out perfect and easy to peel each time.
 ok
 Great product. Makes cooking eggs so easy.
 Liked this so much I purchased for 3 others who all love it too?
 Easy to use and eggs come out perfectly every time!
 Great little egg cooker.
 Love this little machine! Makes perfect hard boiled eggs!
 This cooker cooks eggs perfectly with little effort.<br/>I don't really like the alarm.
 Neat!
 Hard boiled eggs come out perfect every time! No more frustration of peeling egg shells off! Love it!
 I wish I had bought this product a long time ago...it cooks the perfect hard boiled egg in no time at all.
 One of the best egg cookers we've ever used! Easy - easy - easy.  Love it!
 Great for boiled eggs not so great for making an omelette comes out like scrambled eggs and you have to add more water and cook another cycle
 I gave it to my granddaughter to use in college and she loves it.  Says it's wonderful.  May buy one for myself.
 It works great! The eggs turn out perfect and peel easily.
 Great. Use for steamed veggies and hard boiled eggs. Easy clean up.
 Perfect eggs
 If you want to add things like cheese or precooked meat to the omelette do it while it's cooking and add more water.
 Versatility
 Simple, easy, worth the price, convenient, cooks perfectly every time.
 I love this egg cooker. So easy to use.
 This is pretty convenient and great price, though it would better it can shut down automatically without the noise to alert you to shut down manually.
 Great product but does not shut off when eggs are done. This is the only reason I gave it four stars instead of five.
 Not for 220....<br/>Item to the trash .
 I was sold after one use. Love poached eggs. This is the only way to go.
 My husband thought this was a waste of money but now it's his favorite kitchen equipment! It really does cook eggs perfectly, should have bought it years ago
 This product is amazing we eat more eggs now than ever before because it is so easy! The noise it makes when it is done is slightly annoying but not terrible.
 Fantastic at hard boiling eggs, they are super easy to peel!  I have also used the scrambled egg function and am super happy with the results!  Highly recommend!
 I love this product.  Works great and also makes eggs easy to peel.  I will never boil eggs in a pan again, too easy to forget about them.
 Absolutely adore this product. It saves time &amp; trouble. Great results every time. I wish I had heard of it sooner!
 This is an awesome product.  Cooks 6 eggs at once and they are cooked correctly.  Shell break easily and making hard boiled eggs peeled easily.
 Arrived on time.  Great little, inexpensive, functional product!
 Great product. Both my wife and I love this thing. It cooks eggs perfectly and consistently.
 I expected it to be bigger but I enjoy how compact it is and how little room it takes up.
 Much, much better than expected. It just arrived about an hour ago. It's tiny. About 1/3rd the size I thought it would be. I took a quick look at the instructions and added enough water for hard boiled then tossed 4 eggs in it and pushed the button. Walked away to the bedroom until I heard Armageddon! Holy cow that buzzer is loud when it's done! Don't make eggs at 2:00am or you'll wake the neighborhood. I for one like it. Most appliances have a pathetic ding at the end that you never hear. With this little gem you'll KNOW when it's done! Oh yeah, The eggs came out perfectly hard boiled. SO easy to peel they almost jump out of the shell. I couldn't be happier.
 I absolutely love this. The build up on the plate just wipes off clean. ITS NOT RUST THE MORE YOU CLEAN IT THE BETTER BUT NEVER PUT IT IN WATER!! Just use a damp towel.
 Great product I bought to replace a much older model.  This one has a lot more options such as poached etc<br/>Good sturdy hard plastic not flimsy in any way
 Wonderful!!
 It works as advertised.  Be sure to follow the instructions.
 necessary thing
 product works great.highly recommend.<br/>going to get all my kids one!
 I never review stuff but had to say how much I love this thing. I like hard boiled eggs, emphasis on "hard" - no runny yolks. This thing cooks them perfectly without the green edge you get from over-boiling. Super easy to use and totally worth it.
 Hard boiled eggs are good.Didn't try the other features yet.But it's simple to use so l'm sure those will work just as well.
 The amount of water is not accurate...I always put a little more in. The extremely loud timer runs until you come turn it off. I thought it had an automatic shut off....which is why I ordered it. I will be looking for a replacement.
 Gave it to my best friend as a Christmas gift. He loved it and can’t wait to use it.
 This egg cooker is easy to use and cooks hard boiled eggs so quick and with little effort.
 Love it!
 My husband bought this for me as a Christmas gift and it really shows how much he loves me &lt;3
 This product is awesome!!!!!! This makes boiled eggs faster than it would with the stovetop.  Awesome invention....highly recommend!!!!!!
 Love it
 It arrived, I poked &amp; threw 4 eggs in, added water it said to and pushed a button! Let them sit a few minutes extra and wala! The perfect hard boiled eggs! Love it!!!
 Perfect hard boiled egg every time
 My husband loved it so much that I had to buy him a separate one for when he travels and works out of town.
 Works well, just wish the "ready timer" wasn't so annoying and loud.
 This is great for those crazy mornings when multitasking is a plus. It's so simple to set up and then the buzzing alarm lets you know when ready so you can do other things without worrying about the cooking.  And even if u don't get to it immediately, it won't over cook or burn!  Only negative, it's a bit too flimsy.
 I ordered this about two years ago and left in packaged until my old one stopped working. This morning I used it to make hard boiled eggs. Time went off and I took the eggs out and they were still raw. I was very disappointed
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R2G3TIU8IUADHK"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/F1cuNRrXOoS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/51GZBiaeyHS.png"/> Not the best...Tried to cook eggs twice and they were pretty runny... Check the video review.
 Great product for the office with one exception:  the alarm is insanely loud, but probably necessary since it does not have an automatic shutoff.  Just let your office mates know there will be a loud buzzer shortly after you start cooking.  This way they won't start lining up for a fire drill!
 Love this egg cooker!!
 Makes perfect hard boiled eggs every time
 To boil eggs and I LOVE it!!  I use large eggs and they come out perfectly.....and it’s soooo cute
 Messy and hard to use.
 The best kitchen appliance I've ever purchased. Perfectly cooked hard boiled eggs. Omlettes made while I put my makeup on. Love it!  I've bought so many for friends.
 This is fantastic, hard boil eggs peel so easily. Love it.
 I have tried all types egg variations.  The only one I have a problem with is the poaching. The white is always too runny.  Clean up is just the little cooking dish.
 Does a great job. Looovvve it. Gets a 👍 from me.
 This looks small but it works great. Eggs are boiled to perfection!
 I got this product because I put eggs on to boil and end up forgetting about them.  Sure enough I put the eggs in the Dash to hardboil and ended up forgetting about them.  The alarm was super helpful to me!<br/>Another reason I got this is because when I scramble eggs in my cast iron pan with butter they get spots of brown and then my son doesn't want to eat them.  I make his scrambled eggs in the Dash cooker and now he loves them.  He says they look so much better.  It's super easy to use and to keep clean.  It stores everything easily in the unit so you don't have to worry about losing parts.  It cook the eggs quickly too.  I haven't tried the poacher yet.<br/><br/>Update - I tried the poacher.  The whites were a bit undercooked so I recommend adding more water than what's recommended (maybe a tsp or so to start) and see how you like it.
 I was really looking forward to trying this out. This did not work for me. Each time I tried it the eggs were over cooked or under cooked. Please don’t waste your money. I wish I hadn’t.
 I love this egg cooker!  Makes making boiled eggs so easy!
 love it. this is definitely a product for lazy people that do not want to do eggs traditionally
 I got it to keep at my shop, and I just tried it out, and it made the most perfect hard boiled eggs.  It's the only reason I bought it, not sure if I'll venture the other options... A bonus for not taking up too much space.
 Perfect for boiling eggs.
 Handy little item. Cooks perfectly every time.
 Perfectly cooks my eggs, I love hard boiled eggs and I could never cook them right until I got this. Highly recommend it!
 AWESOME!! Made Beautiful Deviled Eggs for Holiday &amp; Omelettes That Didn't Turn In To Scrambled Eggs With Stuff In 'Em...YAY!! Got One For Mom Too &amp; She Loves It =·)
 best cooker in the world!!! put the eggs in, poke a little hole in the top turn it on and walk away
 Love this thing. Bought it for my husband who eats a hard boiled egg every morning. This thing is so fast and easy to use. He loves it!
 Best hard boiled eggs I have ever made.
 Awesome egg cooker. Hard boiled eggs come out perfect!
 Works good. Sometimes you have to add a bit of water to cook it more. Aside from the VERY ANNOYING ALARM it's a good product.
 works great!
 Only used it for hard boiled eggs so far, but it works great!
 I need And instruction booklet it didn’t come with one would you be able to send me one
 Got this for the office.  It has been amazing for making a quick second breakfast.  Definitely worth the money.
 Love this little gadget... perfect boiled eggs everytime. I use it all the time
 Great product! We use it all the time and love how easy it is to use and clean! our favorite part about this is how much easier the eggs are to peel. Now I don't have to complain about spending FOREVER on making deviled eggs for holidays. lol
 works great. cooks eggs perfect..
 Love this product!!!!
 I have always enjoyed hard boiled eggs, but never made them because they were a pain to peel. It is so easy now, I had my 5 year old granddaughter helping me and they turned out perfect every time. So easy, very pleased
 Pretty good product. Bought it to make vegetable omelettes, but the tray is way too small to make a decent sized omelette unless you just want an egg and nothing else.<br/>But it does make a quick, no nonsense omelette, plus you do not have to watch over it as it does its work.
 Junk
 Quick and easy hard boiled egg making. Perfect every time.
 This thing is awesome!!  I've always had issues making hard boiled eggs and this does the trick.  Poached though, I have not been successful at, but I bought it for hard boiled.
 I did like this. I used it quite a few times over the month I owned it. Then one day, it just stopped working... after month.
 I love this egg steamer!  I've only used it to make hard boiled eggs a couple times, but so far they've turned out perfect each time!  I let them cook a minute after the buzzer goes off, then run them under cold water until they cool off, then put them right into the fridge.
 Great egg cooker. The contraption is smaller than I thought it would be though.
 Good
 This is supposed to come with a pin attached to one of the pieces (which is used to poke a tiny hole in the eggs for the boiling option) — this piece was missing.
 game changer if you hard/soft boil eggs
 I like this product very much. A quick and easy way to make hard boiled eggs.No boiling water and less chances of burning yourself .
 Only good for boiling eggs, but it does that well. Tried steaming two egg omelette but the pan seems too small.
 This worked great...uses very little water and my kitchen stays way cooler versus the old boil on stove method
 I have chickens and have tried to make hard boiled eggs the old fashion way.  Does not work on fresh eggs.  But the simple little appliance does the  job 98% of the time.  I do leave them in the steamer for a few more minutes after the timer goes off.
 Works well and makes hardboiled eggs easily
 If you like hard boiled eggs ..just buy it!
 Like the device but the packaging left me with a nearly destroyed unit upon arrive. Not worth the money to send back..... the bottom finally caved in and I had to toss....  maybe i'll get another it was good for omelets.
 Love this thing!!
 Use t a lot
 Works great and extremely continent!
 My eggs come out perfect every time! That alarm though could wake the dead. I bought one for me and my mother in law and we love it
 Absolutely love the convenience
 ridiculously easy. I wish I had this my whole life
 Terrible product!  Leaks water from the bottom.  DO NOT BUY!
 You have to run it through its cooking cycle more than once, but it will work. Timer is super annoying.
 I like it
 Awesome!
 I was replacing my egg cooker with this one but not impressed with this brand.  I have reordered a more durable one.
 First run a total bust. i bought this thing thinking a perfectly cooked egg would be easy to peal. Wasted six eggs. This product does not change the real word.
 Easy to use!<br/>Works great!
 These just never seem to work for us.<br/>Tried it and it's now in the box for Goodwill.
 Easy to use, small size (which is great) doesn’t take up a lot of space on my countertop.
 This egg cooker is great for my RV when I don't want to take the stove covers off to cook! Eggs turn out perfect every time!
 Love this! Works amazingly!😀 Buzzer is a little loud but I can live with that.
 Easy to use, eggs came out perfect and super easy to peel. Where has this thing been all my life
 very easy to use, I can make different kind of egg with this product
 Have not used it yet buts looks like it will work great!
 Life saver ! Quick eggs and do not need to prep that much. Helps a lot when you are getting kids ready to go to school
 Bought this because my friend has one. Very easy to use. Cook perfect hard boiled eggs. Didn’t try other functions.
 I love this little egg cooker. I am enjoying it tremendously. I  highly recommend it.
 Works great - but the metal bottom does not clean well at all - looks burned all the time.  Eggs come our perfect every time!  Love this cooker!
 I bought one of these a few months ago and loved it so much I gave one to my sister for a Christmas gift.  Makes great easy fool proof hard boiled eggs.  The scrambled version is a bit lacking but otherwise love it.
 Cooks 6 perfect hard boiled eggs in 16mi
 Quick shipping.  Product as listed.  Happy happy happy.
 Love it!  Great poached eggs
 As advertised
 Great product.  Easy, fast, and if you put the eggs in cold water right away, they peel like nothing in 5 minutes.
 Amazing!! Well worth the money.
 It works well!
 Very simply egg boiler.
 Omg!.... I love eggs and after cooking them in this I looked at it and said "where have you been all of my life!"
 It makes excellent hard boiled eggs. Very easy to clean. Our water left a little residue that came of very easily with vinegar, as the directions suggested.
 Gift for my mom, she loves this thing.
 Really good product.It does what it says.<br/><br/>Boiled Eggs(All Levels) : 10/10<br/>Omelettes : 9/10<br/>Poached Eggs : 6/10 (The tray doesn't look like a nonstick one and gets really messy when we make 1 ).<br/><br/>Overall Big Time Saver!!!!
 So worth purchasing! Great time saver
 so easy to use and the eggs come out perfectly.  I have used both trays for omelet and poached both worked as they should have.  I recommend this egg cooker especially if your on the run every morning!
 Great for preparing eggs for the whole family, nice and neat!
 Poached eggs with it...the first and only time.  They were runny.  I need to practice.
 Great product for the price
 Cooks eggs without a hassle, but the buzzing when eggs are done is awful. Its hard to turn off the buzz without unplugging.
 Why did I not buy this sooner? Makes the eggs easier to peel IMO
 I love this product I use this on a daily basis makes life a little easier. Thank you
 Perfect!
 Great product. Very durable and easy to clean.
 Cooks eggs well consitently
 Boils the eggs perfectly..
 Im extremely lazy and love eggs, makes them exactly how i want them in less than 10 minutes and is easy to clean.
 I love this little thing.  It makes hard boiling eggs so much faster and easier and the eggs taste great.  I'm all about anything that is a time saver.  Definitely recommend.
 Eggs are even close to being done using the times and amounts of water listed in directions which defeats purpose of item altogether for me.
 We love it.  Have had several relatives and friends order it.  Perfect hard boiled eggs!
 I love this product! I encouraged my sister and co-worker to buy one and they love it too. So easy and fast to make hard boiled eggs! Best new thing I've purchased in a long time.
 This is so convenient.  I use it at work.
 It does what it says it does. Simple instructions. Alarm is loud enough to hear anywhere in my house.
 Does not have a bell or alarm to indicate that it's done cooking so you have to hover in the vicinity to monitor its cooking progress.  The light goes out but that's a pretty subtle indicator.  Wish I had dug a little deeper into the features when I was shopping for an egg cooker.  Cooks eggs OK though.
 Great egg cooker.  The noise is a bit off putting but I will forgive this minor annoyance.  I just use a wireless electrical outlet so I can do something else and turn it off wherever I am...
 Perfectly cooks hardboiled eggs every time, and easy to peel too. Have not tried the poaching or omelette trays yet. This egg cooker is worth the money!
 Like how easy it is to hard boil eggs
 This works quite well.  The only issue is the beeper keeps beeping until you get up and turn it off.  Wish it just turned itself off.
 Quick easy way to make eggs. Love it
 It makes perfect hard boiled eggs every time.  And so easy to use.
 Absolutely love this product. Easy to setup and use and cook the perfect hard boiled eggs
 So impressed by this product! Needs a teeeeny bit more water than marked but I'd forgive that in a heartbeat for the delightful results I got out of it! And it's so cuute too!
 Fantastic best hard boiled eggs i have ever had quick easy bought one for my daughter
 things  great..always  done..but  leave  them to  cool off,,there  hot ...they  peel  great  too.
 cooks eggs
 It's the perfect egg cooker.  I love it  The sound stopped working after many good uses.
 I love this so much. So easy to use. Used it as soon as I got it and I had no trouble
 Great egg cooker. Works well
 Works just like they said.  Quick and easy.
 Great buy!
 Eggs cook ok but had to adjust water level several times to achieve a soft boil.
 OK
 This thing makes perfect eggs everytime! I will never boil eggs again
 This thing is awesome! Cooks eggs perfectly.
 Works as described. Super easy egg peeling, just add water go about your business and wait for the alarm.
 This is great. Use it all the time
 It is fast and the eggs are great!
 Great little cooker. Cooks eggs perfectly. Easy to clean. Don't let the cheap price fool you.
 Makes egg peeling such an easy task!
 I love this Egg cooker.  I can go about my chores in the kitchen and it lets me know when the eggs are ready,  Plus they peal themselves - almost!<br/>Barbara Peppers
 Works great !
 So easy to cook hard boiled eggs.  No fussing or timing necessary.
 Followed directions 2 separate times and eggs are still runny in the middle when trying to do a hard boiled egg. Even left them for a while to cool. This is a complete waste of money, and 4 eggs 😒
 I'm not EGG-aggerating when I say that this product has changed my life for the better. I've raved about this egg cooker so much that my mom wants me to bring it home for Thanksgiving. That's more than she's ever said about any of my boyfriends.
 Works great. Startling alarm once eggs are done cooking.
 Perfectly cooked every time I’ve used it. My only (minor) complaint is the buzzer, which is very loud.<br/>Altogether a fantastic device.
 In Colorado you have to  add more water to adjust for altitude.  Took a few tries to adjust, but works great !  Very consistent results.
 Very usefull
 This is a great little kitchen helper. Really easy to use. Good purchase for me
 Does have a ringing bell that you can't turn off. Therefore, can't take shower and boil eggs. Barely used.
 The buzzer is a bit annoying but otherwise this is a great product.
 Makes a killer hard boiled egg!
 Awesome little gadget, ordered two more for Christmas presents! Works exactly like it says!
 Does everything that it’s advertised to do, and does it very well. Well worth your investment.
 Worth every cent if you eat boiled eggs
 This little product has made such an impact on my life by saving me so much time! I eat a lot of hard boiled eggs and I've always hated how long the whole process took! This thing is so easy to use and the eggs come out PERFECT every time! AND...They are also super easy to peel, which makes this egg cooker worth its weight in gold.
 The timer is loud but who cares. It works great. Now I make hard boiled eggs all the time and its not a big project.
 I absolutely love this egg cooker. It’s so simply to use and so cute. The eggs are done in less than 5 min.
 The body of the cooker was smaller than I expected, but that's great because it doesn't take up much space.
 Works great, exactly as expected. For jumbo eggs you definitely need to add more water than expected, this thing is calibrated for regular large eggs.
 The egg cooker made perfect hard boiled eggs-- very easy!  And what was an unexpected bonus is the eggs were ridiculously easy to peel.
 Cooks eggs perfectly!
 This egg cooker is a nice size, however, it does not do a very good job at boiling eggs.  I have used the appropriate amount of water but hard boiled eggs come out undercooked. Disappointed.
 No more boiling eggs, this is the way to go
 Its an okay item, the cooking times are a bit off to me.
 My boyfriend and I have been using this egg cooker often and so far we are very happy with it!
 Cooks hard boiled eggs perfect every single time easy peel .
 It does take a while to learn how to cook your eggs as you like them.
 Fricking awesome. I should have bought one long ago!
 Love it
 Nice and simple and works like a charm
 The finish alarm is so loud and it doesn't have automatic shutdown function. I mean come on, 'auto-shutdown' of egg-boiler is like the wheels of a car. Don't buy this.
 I love this! I love soft boiled eggs and can be never get it right. I'm so glad I bought this. I don't know how to add a photo or I would.
 Need to use about same size eggs everytime
 i love it cooks eggs perfectly!
 This is the best egg cooker and for the price you will not find a better one<br/>The eggs come out perfect every time<br/>6 hard boiled eggs 14 minutes<br/>Deshells very fast and easy
 good quality. too small
 Just got it but used several times and worked perfectly
 This is a great little egg cooker! My eggs come out perfect every time that I've used it. The egg poacher is also great. Although, the omelet feature always ends up undercooked. So far I mostly use it to make boiled eggs.<br/><br/>The only thing that's not so great is that the heat plate tends to get a little burnt? The water leaves dark rusty stains on it, but it cleans up easily enough with some white vinegar and some paper towels. Still a pain, though. And smells horrible sometimes. The Dash-Go also does not buzz, even though it says that it does. All it does is give a faint hum, no where near a buzz.
 Makes guaranteed easy to peel hard boiled eggs, six of them, in approx. 16 min. Just follow the easy directions and hit the button. Turns off by himself.
 The cooker was easy to use and made eggs very well.  The beeper was VERY loud, like a fire alarm, and it woke up everyone in our house.  Unfortunately, there isn't a way to turn it off, so I got a different model without a beeper.
 compact, easy to use and you get consistent results everytime.
 Loved it works great and cooks eggs to perfect ion
 Ok
 This cooker isn't nearly as accurate in cooking eggs to a specific level of doneness as the cooker it replaced.  The measuring cup for the water is therefore useless as a tool for estimating how much water to put in the cooker.  These cookers operate by heating a specific amount of water in a shallow basin beneath the eggs.  When it boils dry, the timer goes off and tells you the eggs are ready.  But they aren't.  I've been trying for a medium soft-boiled to just about hard-boiled egg, and instead get soft-boiled eggs that still have runny whites.<br/><br/>This still occurred when I added the prescribed amount of water for hard-boiled eggs.  I still had eggs with runny whites.  I can continue to experiment some more for my perfect medium eggs, but I absolutely know that if I want real hard-boiled eggs for potato salad or whatever, I'm going to do it in a pan, heating the eggs and cold water to a rolling boil, covering it, and waiting 15 minutes before rinsing with cold water and peeling them.  That's the only way I'll get reliably hard-boiled eggs.
 A great product. Cooks just as described.
 Love it! Easy and consistent!
 Love this! The poaching tray is small, but perfect for fast and easy eggs !
 Love this, makes quick eggs and the steam makes them moist and delicious almost like a sous vide
 Very accurate egg cooker.  Easy to operate, etc.
 Everything is so easy
 Best way to make hard boiled eggs, hands down! They peel easily and perfectly every time too! Only drawback is it only fits 6 eggs at a time, so if you want to make deviled eggs for a crowd, you'll have to use it repeatedly.
 Cooks eggs perfectly each time. Shell comes right off everytime.
 Just what the doctor ordered. Very convenient and does a great job.
 This is surprisingly tiny, but it fits 6 eggs. (I thought the description said 7 but oh well).<br/>Only problem is an odd burn smell from the steamy goop that escapes from the eggs where you're supposed to poke holes in the top, getting on the heating plate.<br/>I never heard of poking holes in eggs before...?  I suppose that makes them not explode or something, though they don't explode when you boil them in a pan so I don't get it.  Microwave I could see poking them, but not in a boiler.  Odd.
 My husband and son use this all the time. What a great investment.
 Works great! However, the buzzer is incredibly loud!
 Love this for making hard boiled eggs,  it's good for soft cooked as well.  Small and easy to clean.
 Awesome cooker. Makes breakfast so quickly.
 Works great, buzzer wakes the dead.
 Love....love this item.  I always hesitated peeling eggs.  I have to say "LOVE" this  item.  BEST THING
 Awesome. Easy. Cheap price. Wish I had found years ago. Shells peel off so easy.
 Perfect hard boiled eggs every time!
 Didn't cook eggs rapidly.
 No mess
 Everything is good, except the beep which announces the end of cooking time is very annoying and sounds like a fire alarm. I wish I could changs the beep.
 Pros: Love how quick and easy it is to make hard boiled eggs.<br/>Cons: Although it has auto shut off feature, the buzzer does not shut off automatically.
 This thing works perfectly for hard boiled eggs.  That is all I have cooked in it so far.
 Got this as a replacement for an older one I already had.  Love the smaller profile.  And, unlike my last egg cooker, the amount of water this one wants for soft-boiled eggs actually does make them soft-boiled, not semi-hard.
 Perfect hard-boiled eggs every time.<br/>Seems well made.<br/>Haven't used accessories.
 I like the automatic timer. Just put the eggs in and it shuts off when eggs are done.
 Works pretty well, better than our broken one.
 Extremely easy to use, everything you need to know is included in the pamphlet. Makes cooking eggs quick and easy !!
 Love it!  Highly recommend.
 out of the box and ready to go.  The water measuring cup is easy to use and the buzzer is plenty loud.
 A good value.  Works like a charm.  It’s easy to use, clean, and does a great job with hard boiled eggs.  It’s compact so it’s easy to store.
 The measuring cup is useful
 I bought this almost 1  1/2 years  ago for my husband for Christmas, we love it.  Eggs never tasted so good.  It is almost time to buy another, maybe a little bigger this time.
 love it.
 Water measure cup leaks . Because of this, I have to return the whole thing
 This egg cooker is really neat. We had to adjust the time (leave it in longer) to get fully hard boiled eggs. I would highly recommend this product, it makes cooking eggs so easy!
 works great!
 Great cook eggs quick love it
 Love my new egg cooker! Cute alarm when its done and eggs are turning out perfect! Worth every penny!
 My wife loves it and is very easy to operate and also easy to clean
 So awesome, quick, easy to boil eggs!!!
 It works and works well. Never boiling eggs again
 My little sister loves eggs so this was perfect for her👌🏼 She loves it!!
 It's quite good to me.
 My friend had one of these and I thought it was a silly purchase. However, after using it and buying one for myself it is a really a cool gadget to make perfect hard boiled eggs with very little effort.
 Just a horrible product run from this....Dash products are not worth your time or money cheap is generally not good
 My family loves deviled eggs so much that I have to make them once a week. Didnt even need to use a timer for hard boiled it just shut off on its own and they were so easy to peel. Well worth it!
 Amazing! The omelets are such a great added feature
 make life so easy. love it!
 My son loves it because he can be independent making his breakfast. Works great!
 Easy to follow instructions, works as advertised.  Would be a 5/5 if not for the very unpleasant tone it produces when cooking is complete.
 Consistantly good results. Makes perfect eggs each time.
 Use it all the time, quick and easy
 I really like this egg cooker, except for one major flaw. The timer alarm is extremely loud! It wakes up my whole family. I literally stand over it so I can turn it off as soon as it goes off. It does not turn itself off.
 Easy to use!  Quick way to make eggs!
 Works perfectly! I was having such a hard time peeling hard boiled eggs that were straight from the chickens (and not a grocery store) until I tried this. Now fresh eggs can be peeled without wasting half the egg. It's so easy to use and is nice and compact without taking up much room in a cupboard. I'll never boil my eggs again!
 Bought these as Xmas presents for our daughters/ husbands.  Huge hit!  They love them!
 Excellent for perfect, easy hard-boiled eggs!
 Really like having this.  Just didn’t like whatever accumulated in the bottom of it as well as the buzzer. It is very annoying.
 This is the best appliance I have bought in years. It is very easy to use and makes perfect boiled eggs. Love it.
 Very happy with what I got and the price I paid. I would highly recommend this vendor.
 it doesn't cook the eggs
 Simple to use
 Does the job.
 Love this product. Makes delicious hard boiled eggs. Only downside is that the alarm that it is done is so loud and jarring. Not a fan of it.
 Handy compact cooker -hard-boiled eggs that peal perfectly.
 Works great.  Hard boiled eggs turned out wonderfully.
 My son gave me this as a gift.  Use it all the time and would highly recommend it to anyone who makes hard boiled eggs.  I always do a dozen at a time, two batches of 6 and it still does not take anytime and it is also small so that it does not take up much storage room.
 easy as says and works great even showed the kids how to do it when we are watching
 I really do love this for eggs .  It makes fixing them so easy weather  one egg or six . And they are really easy to peal .
 I can hard boil 6 eggs perfectly. the shells do not stick to the eggs when it is time to peel them.
 great thing to have. worth it
 Easy to use and works well.  Love that my son can now cook on his own.
 Nice
 works great
 This is awesome. I have had mine for like 4 months, no problems and I use it twice a week. I only do 3 eggs and the eggs are pretty good.  I like the timer.
 So happy I bought this! Made 6 hard boiled eggs tonight and they came out perfectly!
 Was sceptical but this has become a must have! Getting shell off now so easy!
 Compact, doesn't take up a lot of room.  Cooks eggs in 10 minutes.  Very convenient if you only want a couple.
 I love this egg cooker! It's great. I gave it 4 stars because I ordered a blue one and got a white one instead.
 Love it use it all the timr
 Love hard boiled eggs in our house and every time they are perfectly cooked. So easy to peel too!
 This thing is a life saver. It cooks my eggs perfectly everytime. And on top of all that its adorable and matches my kitchen!
 Love this thing!  Perfect hard boiled eggs.
 I really like this thing.  Makes perfect hard boiled eggs, and I can walk away from it and not worry about it boiling over, etc.
 This is a must have! Eggs made easy. So easy anyone can do it even my spouse.
 Very good product.
 So easy to use! Tried all of the styles - soft to hard to poached- all came out perfect.  Eggs were easy to peel and gradually no clean up!
 Works great but the buzzer is the most obnoxious noise in the world.
 Still learning how to use this properly, but it does boiled eggs quick. Just tried the poaching basket. Nice for a quick breakfast or lunch
 Fast eggs when you are on the go.
 I am not sure what causes the dish to have stains... also it requires lot more water then they state for hard boiled eggs...
 Great product,fast easy and works great
 Cooks eggs perfectly every time. So easy to use.
 Cooks hard-boiled eggs perfectly! So glad I got this.
 Love this tool! Makes my medium/soft boiled eggs perfectly. Only wish it had automatic shut off. The timer is very loud that I jump every time it goes off.
 Extremely easy to use. Perfect eggs each time. Great for quick eggs, easy peeling.
 this thing is the best thing of all the things
 This may be my new favorite kitchen gadget.  Super easy to use and cooks eggs to perfection.
 As advertised.  Would buy again.
 sent this item as a gift to family in india. the alarm goes off in 2 mins and the eggs barely get boiled properly.
 Works great . Gooks the eggs just like it say's it does.
 This thing makes soft boiled eggs very consistently and rapidly.
 I liked it so much I ordered another one as a Christmas gift.
 I use this daily. Eggs turn out perfect. As easy as making coffee. Amazing invention.
 Great product! Works great, and cooks eggs perfectly!
 Surprisingly my kids and I really like this.  Keeps from overcooking hard boiled eggs. Faster than boiling a pot of water
 Gave these to two of my friends<br/>so tiny but great for deviled eggs in a hurry
 Makes the best eggs and so fast-no mess!
 Gifted to someone, who absolutely loves it
 Very convenient way to get eggs ready to eat.  I cook them at night sometimes, so I wish it did not have a buzzer (or at least a way to make it silent).
 Gave it as a gift to a friend.  He said they made omelets - were smaller than usual but tasty!
 Not a bad egg cooker, but the noise it makes when it's finished sounds like a fire alarm going off. Honestly, I'm not sure why they designed it to make such a horrible noise.<br/>That being said, it cooks eggs well.
 have only tried the hard boiled so far, but couldn't have been easier, turned out perfectly.
 Good product. Works as described. Need a little bit longer cable - about foot or so. My mom really like it.
 I very much regret purchasing this less expensive version of my son's awesome egg cooker. First, you have to PIERCE the bottom of each egg (with cheap &amp; cumbersome tool included) before placing it in the cooker. Not only is it impossible to imagine not breaking at least one egg every time, but also the piercing causes an unpleasant odor during the cooking process. The "automatic shut off" is a horrific, jarring sound that blares, BUT appliance does not turn off. Dad was right; you get what you pay for!
 Wow. Follow the directions for perfect hard-boiled eggs! Easy to peel after cooling in cold water or even later after you take them out of the fridge!
 This is the cutest kitchen gadget I've ever seen.  It hardboils eggs very well, set it and you can walk away and it will cook them to perfection. I bought them as Christmas gifts for my sisters.  It very small so it's so easy to store or transport to whereever you need to take it.
 Cooks eggs so fast and easy.just as advertised...I bought one after seeing it used at a friends home.  Really good for unexpected gatherings you can quickly cook up deviled eggs or egg salad.
 Wife has always hated peeling eggs. Not any more. Product works as advertised.
 This thing is amazing, finally I can have a hardboiled egg that doesn't look like the Tasmanian Devil peeled it.
 purrrrrrfect hardboiled eggs super fast. I would always forget them when I cooked on the stove, problem solved!!!! I love this product.!!!!
 Works as expected. Great product.
 Perfect hardboiled eggs!!
 Very cheaply made. Easier to just boil water in a pot on the stove
 Makes perfect eggs.
 Love this cute little egg cooker.  It does exactly what it claims to do.  I always  had difficulty cooking hard boiled eggs but no more...perfect every time no matter how many I cook at one time.
 Just right size for me and cooks quickly. Easy instructions to follow.
 So cute
 This thing is fantastic. I can't remember the last time I got so excited about something in this price range or a kitchen device at all, but this is truly a wonderful little Gadget. It's easy to use, Simple to clean and perfect for one or two people. I highly recommend.
 Used the product for hard boiled eggs. It is very easy to use and the eggs come out perfect.
 I bought this so I could cook eggs at work. We have a small office of 3 &amp; all of us love it!
 I love this product. Easy to set up...just press the button and eggs cook perfect all the time. I only wish it can hold more eggs,because I have a family that loves hard boiled eggs.  The timer screams at you to let you know when the eggs are done.I am not a robot.
 So convenient and easy to use. Love, love, love!
 I bought this product and had to replace it because it was leaking water. However, the replacement had the same issue! I think it is a production defect. Please investigate the issue and don't let anyone else have the same issue.
 I've only used this for hard boiling eggs thus far, but it absolutely delivers! Uses very little water, and the eggs peel perfectly!
 I can now make perfect boiled eggs!! Love it!
 It works great but the timer buzzer is scary
 I can only rate the poached egg part of this unit.  I saw it on tv and thought, wow - that looks so easy and so awesome.  First time I tried it (exactly the right amount of water, exactly according to the directions) - when the "buzzer" went off (and there is no mistaking that the buzzer is going off - prepare yourself :) - I took off the cover and things looked pretty good - then I noticed that the egg was no way near done - just a little above raw - so I added a little more water (the alarm goes off when the water is gone) - gave it another go - you can't start it again until it cools down a bit - another try and still not cooked.  Tossed everything.  A few days later I decided to give it another try.  Added much more water than asked for.  Still not cooked (and I like really runny yolks and I'm not opposed to some of the white uncooked - but this was unbelievable.  I haven't tried it for hardboiled eggs, but after reading some of the other reviews, I will do that and add to this review when I do.
 It's quite fast.
 works great, perfect hard cooked eggs.  easy clean up.
 Perfect every time. No problems. Would highly recommend
 So far this has been a great purchase I love this little cooker. Easy to use and eggs are perfectly made
 We buy these as gifts because we love ours. Everyone loves them!
 So far, it makes the perfect boiled egg every time. I have only tried the omelette once, which was okay but slow.  Prefer cooking those the old fashion way.  Works better, in my opinion, than the ones you can use in the microwave.
 Worked great for a week then the buzzer stopped working.  Still cooks the eggs good but I have to set a timer so I don't forget them.
 love making hard boiled eggs.  Easy walk away.  Omelettes and soft eggs are OK.  Keep in mind its not going to taste on the stove homemade.  I consider it a healthy alternative to fast breakfast food and nuking the vitamins out of it in the microwave and it works for me.
 Broke within four months of use.  We loved it at first but it stopped working!  Cheap!
 I love this thing. It works exactly as advertised. It is simple and convenient to use and clean up is a breeze. I wish I had one when I was in college.
 work as expected and the size is a good fit for smaller kitchen
 Perfect eggs!
 I LOVE this egg cooker! Peeling hard boiled eggs has never been this easy.
 Good price, nice size (not too big), effective product.
 Defent enough for price
 This is awesome!!! Just be sure to spray the trays w non stick oil before you pour the eggs in to cook.
 I like that it's small, yet does 6 eggs very quickly and easy to peel.  No mess or having to time it.  All automatic.
 Takes much less time to boils hard eggs. After eggs are boiled it’s easy to remove shell.
 I love egg salad sandwiches this product is greatly appreciated
 I wanted to be in love with this device. The premise is great for early mornings with the kids. Unfortunately my device came broken
 works great, saves time
 I love this!! Easy to use, parts fit nicely inside, don't have to watch a boiling pot, easy cleanup.  Most of all it works great!
 I like this little thing a lot. Cooks eggs perfectly and makes them easy to peel. Love it!
 This little device is a real time saver!  Hard-boiled eggs peel easily!  The special pan makes a 2-egg-cheese omelette, perfect for a "to go" egg sandwich.  It's compact and doesn't take up much cupboard space.  2 thumbs up! :)
 The worst product i’ve purchased, not useful and also a waste of money, if you think to get this product DON’T EVER THINK ABOUT IT.
 Just use it for boiled egg selections. Don’t bother with omlet
 Does what it says, great for my diet.
 Easy to use. My daughter started eating ore eggs<br/>I enjoy the soft ones
 The best purchase I have ever made.  This makes the perfect pouched eggs.
 This is little egg boiler is so easy.  So much easier than boiling on the stove.  Highly recommend it.
 Love it. I use it at least 2x a week, and will get one for my mother soon!
 If you like hard boiled eggs this is the best thing ever to have.  So quick and so easy.  No mess and easy to peel!!
 I like it and glad I ordered it.
 Makes perfect boiled eggs.  Internal timer means I don't need to set a separate time.  Loving this purchase so far.
 This is great! And it's so tiny and cute! My 8 year old has a blast using it, too. I've only done hard boiled eggs and they come out perfect every time! Six eggs takes about 16 minutes. Would totally recommend. Only negative is that the water burns and it's a little stinky, but I wouldn't give it any less stars for that - wipes clean with a paper towel.
 Makes boiled eggs a cinch.  Compact in size.  Eggs are also easily peeled.
 I use it for steaming my eggs. Its really nice..don't have to worry about over steaming,alarm goes off your done.
 Simple to use
 Cooks eggs perfectly &amp; easy to peel.
 The wife uses about twice a week.  She loves it.
 Works great. Eggs are perfect!
 The on off does not work have to plug in to work and unplug it to shut off
 awesome little gadget.
 Not exactly perfect. I've used a few times and the hard boiled egg works fine but haven't seemed to perfect the soft boiled egg yet. I follow the instructions but the soft boiled egged doesn't quite come out right.
 Easy way to cook eggs.
 Both times we used it the eggs were not cooked as per the directions said they would be.  Very under cooked.  Then when we tried to add more time the egg cooker couldn't be used until it cooled down.  :-(
 Super easy and convenient.
 Good
 Works great.
 Cooks my eggs very fast and let’s me know when they are ready. Must have in the kitchen
 Works perfectly fine
 Love this.  Eggs come out perfect.  It’s great when you have to make 30 hard boiled eggs for the wrestling team👍🏻
 Opened up new box night of delivery and the handle is broke off on one side :(
 If you enjoy perfect hard boiled eggs .. This is a must have
 works as expected
 Gave as a birthday gift--my sister loved it.
 My 8 year old loves it and so do I!
 Use it everyday.  So worth the money.  I love it.  Saves me a lot of time.
 Very Cheaply made - I would rather have paid a higher price for quality !
 First try, eggs came out perfect. It took only about 5min to cook. Glad I bought it
 Amazing product and it cooks eggs all you have to do it Set it and forget it! Works wonderful and is super convenient while you're getting ready for work in the morning. You can cook your eggs several different ways and they peel so easily everytime!
 Works great-- but after a while you get a burned look at the bottom of the inside.
 The buzzer sound is a bit annoying. The boiled eggs and omelette are done very well.
 Cooks hard boiled eggs really well but poached and omelettes are never done when the timer goes off and I always use the measuring cup provided. So I have to constantly guess how much water to add if I want my eggs cooked appropriately. Color is cute.
 Love this appliance easy to use and perfect eggs every time
 easy way to hard boil eggs!
 Super easy to use and makes great eggs (any type) in just a few minutes.
 Get eggs cooked perfectly 🍒😍
 It’s very easy to use.
 LOVE THIS THING! What a time saver and it cooks them perfect everytime!
 Great egg cooker works perfect and easy to use! Takes the guess work out!
 Works as advertised, and just like other reviewers have said, these eggs will be some of the easiest to peel you'll ever see.
 I'll never boil eggs in a pot again!
 Best kitchen small appliance ever! I’ve given at least 8 of these as gifts. Cooks perfectly every time &amp; sooo easy to use &amp; clean.
 Works as advertised. Little to no effort and perfect eggs.
 It's very handy, but I find at my high altitude the eggs do not hardboil before running out of water.  I've tried adding more water and recooking...bit of hassle timewise. Now taking eggs out of frig and bringing to room temp, then adding more water than it calls for to cook them. Other than that, it's a nice product.<br/><br/>Thanks,<br/>Bev Barr
 I didn't know how much everyone in my household loved boiled eggs until I bought this. Super easy and versatile.
 Hands down the best way to make eggs! I have bought these for all my family members.
 Nice I use it everyday
 If egss are jumbo, they may not all fit.  Somewhat hard to clean. Alarm is annoyingly loud
 Easy to use, works as described.
 easy to use and works great.
 Gift purchased because I have one and love it.
 love the little machine works great
 This product is amazing!  So easy to use and perfect eggs!!  My 8 and 10 years olds can make eggs before school on their own.
 Everyone in the family loves it. Teenagers make their own healthy breakfasts before school!
 It does cook the eggs hardboiled...but the buzzer is TERRIBLE. It makes this awful noise that I just cant stand. I'll likely be returning it
 This product works great for boiling eggs when I pack my breakfast but the alarm on it is extremely irritating. It is just a consistent loud buzzer that does not go off until you turn it off.
 Easy to use very nice design and really good product my wife loves it
 great product,
 I do not know how i have lived without this! Quick easy and clean!
 Excellent for hard or soft boiled eggs. We love it!
 Easy, convenient, and just what I was looking for.  I can start it while getting ready for work and have it complete by the time I am ready to go.
 Time Saver
 good product
 works great. Would buy again.
 It is small... but it does make cooking eggs pretty easy.
 I absolutely love this egg cooker. Use it almost every day !
 Love this egg cooker use every week to make boiled eggs for breakfast
 I am in love with it
 Not a necessary item but we like it.  We make 6 hardboiled eggs at a time.  I watch my cholesterol, and eat the egg whites.  Prefer them to egg beaters. My wife likes to be able to make an egg salad sandwich at a moments notice.  Shuts off  and buzzes when the water has evaporated.<br/><br/>For soft boiled eggs, I fill a salad sized saucer 3/4 full with water, microwave it to boil, crack the egg open over the water, throw away the shell  and use power 6 or 7 for one minute.  Works great. too.  Caution.  Too little water, and it will explode. Leave it in the microwave the first time for an minute, just to be safe.  Easy to learn the right amount.  Much easier and faster than the dash cooker for soft boiled or poached eggs.
 My husband and I like ours so much that I bought another the next month for our daughter-in-law and then another the month after that for our granddaughter.  We were very disappointed to find that the egg cooker we received for our granddaughter was apparently not the same model as the first one I bought only 6 weeks earlier.  Although similar in appearance, our granddaughter's egg cooker does not have the side handles and locking lid which is helpful for moving it out of the way when not in use, nor does it have the fairly loud buzzer that alerts you when the eggs are done but instead makes a light "click" when the unit turns off, which is worthless in alerting you that it's time to remove the eggs if you're in another room.  Apparently, choosing the "Buy it again" option from your order history does not guarantee that you'll get the same item as the one you bought before.  Guess I'd better check to see if I got cheated on the one ordered for my daughter-in-law as well.
 Love it
 Love it! Cooks the eggs just like it says it will, and does it fast!
 This was the best purchase ever.  Super easy to use and eggs are perfect every time.  I've shown it to several people that have bought there own and they all love it. Highly recommend!
 Magic! We use this every day.
 Daughter loved it for her birthday.
 Perfectly peeled eggs!
 It doesn't work... it wheezes after 1 minute and eggs are raw!!! I followed the instructions. Just throwed my money away :(
 Makes the best hard boiled eggs ever!
 Great for cooking eggs plus steaming veggies! I love it!
 Perfect, I use this on a regular basis. Many co-workers have inquired to purchase.
 Very easy to use and clean.  You can easily add a 7th egg when making hard boiled eggs.  We are a busy, large family so I love that I can set it and walk away.
 Has quickly become one of my favorite kitchen appliances! Works as advertised. Hands down the easiest way to achieve hard boiled eggs.
 Love this thing! Makes making hard boiled eggs easy!
 This is one of the simplest and best devices for cooking soft or hard cooked eggs.  It's very simple to use!
 It’s really convenient to use the egg cook really fast and the machine is really easy to clean
 Christmas gift
 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00DDXYC6O/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_41
 Love this egg cooker. Makes perfect hard and soft boiled eggs. Quick and so easy to use.
 Perfect.  Less washing of utinsels--eggs turn out just as I like them
 The best thing since the microwave!! I love this cooker. Fast, simple, handy, portable!  The only thing I dislike is that flaming alarm at the end of the cycle.
 Fool Proof Hard Boiled Eggs! Make sure you immediately dump them into a bowl of ice water before peeling for best results.
 Perfect every time!  Small for omelette but I bought it for perfect hard boiled eggs.  Beep is annoying but perfect eggs!!
 Works great, eggs done right Everytime.  No mess and always peels easily
 Easy to use, cooks 6 eggs quick. The only downside is that the alarm has a very annoying sound.
 It does what it is supposed to do but it takes a little longer than that is given as a guide.
 One of the best things I've bought on Amazon.
 Great for hard boiled eggs, ready in about 10 minutes.i haven’t tried to make other style eggs yet with this cooker. Easy clean up.
 as advertised
 Perfect for cooking eggs!!
 Cooks eggs well. Easy clean up.
 works great.  easy to make hardboiled eggs.
 The product does what it is designed to do. Effective and has several accessories. Great instructions. The alarm that tells you when the eggs are ready is very loud and annoying.
 Very convenient
 Still working with this - hard boiled eggs not as hard with yolk as conventional boiling. May be my problem though -
 Good
 Makes perfect eggs everytime!
 Makes boiled eggs quickly.
 Excellent. Very easy to use. Makes great eggs.
 Love it!  Makes perfect eggs!!!
 This and my rice cooker are the best things I've ever purchased for my kitchen.
 Very useful and satisfied
 Like very much easy no mess or clean up
 Oh yes!!!! This is a great little appliance! Recommend it definitely!
 16 minutes and I have 6 beautifully cooked hard-boiled eggs :)
 Tried all settings works amazingly!!!
 Lo compre por mi hermanita que le justa los huevos pero no save usar la estufa buen producto
 It's small, light, and portable. It is fast and makes way more than just eggs.
 Great product.  Cooks eggs in a short period of time.  Use it a lot.
 So easy to use.  Everything I have cooked has been perfect. FINALLY something that works for doing perfect deviled eggs.
 Very consistent results but takes time to learn exactly how water to add and exactly when do put the eggs in cold water.
 I absolutely love this! It works perfectly and so fast!
 Great product.  The eggs peel very nice every time.
 Makes a big noise when done, but does not shut itself off as described.
 best product bought ever.
 Best egg cooker out there
 Would give it a 5 star but the buzzer sound is awful!!! 😬. WHY people WHY???
 Easiest way to make eggs, any kind!  Love it! Use it everyday :)
 Love this. So easy to use!
 Excellent device!
 Used for making hard boiled eggs.  Probably one of my best purchases.  Great little product.
 Pretty amazed with how quickly the eggs cook, and they taste better!!
 Worked as expected!! Super cute as well!
 I enjoy boiled eggs with salads and this product is so easy and much quicker than boiling.
 Recommend it to everyone.
 Easy to use. Worked great
 Works perfect
 Awesome, works as advertised.
 Great product! Only feedback is that the alarm at the end of the cycle could be more subtle and easy on the ears
 Dislike the Over-The-Top shrill and loud "finished" sound.  It should be toned down a bit.
 Makes a great egg!
 Works perfectly!  Love it, no more guessing or ruining eggs trying to hard boil.
 Works great!  Easy to use
 I am a college student and this product is perfect for my dorm room.  Having a quick easy way to make eggs is so nice.
 Very easy to use and makes delicious eggs.
 Doesn’t cook anything.  Just makes an ear piercing screech.  Sweet
 i am surprised, great soft and hard boiled eggs.Quick and easy
 My sister never cook eggs  like this before
 Great product, works very well!
 Awful product. It seems like the heating unit gets too hot and over boils the water that's in there (yes I used the measuring container that it came with) and causes water to go everywhere (see photo). The sound it makes when it's finishes sound like a flippin' fire alarm!!! I got this for simplicity and ease of cleaning. I could have never imagined a mess as bad as this product causes when simply boiling a few eggs.<br/><br/>I'll admit, this product is a feat in engineering that I can applaud for getting absolutely everything wrong.<br/><br/>Unless you're looking for a gift to give your mother in law, avoid this thing at all costs
 Easy to use.
 Good.  Gets build up on heater surface easily.
 I use it every morning
 fastest cleanest way to cook eggs perfectly ,eat more eggs than ever before
 Item is easy to use and works well. Has saved me so much time.
 I don't know how I lived without one of these for so long.
 I actually like the device.  This review is for the "alarm" that sounds when your eggs are done.  Let me try to accurately describe it.....a broken fire alarm ringing much louder than it's intended setting. An alert from the emergency broadcasting system.  The personification of the sound of human suffering.  Tom cruise's response in rain man in the scene where he holds his head and yells "hot water burn baby."  Get the picture?  I understand that the manufacturer would like it's customers to know that it's time to shut off the device and that it's important to shut off the device.  But must you destroy my ears and alert me in a way that has me wishing I'd gone old school and just boiled my eggs?  How has no one complained about this before?  Good at cooking eggs.  Obnoxious in alerting you that they're ready.
 You need this. PERFECTLY cooked hard boiled eggs. Easy, quick, hassle free.
 Makes life so much easier.
 Great little gadget.  As others have mentioned it though, the alarm is just too loud.
 Love that it makes the perfect hard boiled eggs. You don’t have to worry about keeping track of the time, it does it for you.
 I am cooking challenged and I can’t believe I can now make super yummy eggs.  I love it.
 Cooks a perfect hard boiled egg but the poaching and omelette leaves a bit to be desired
 good
 Loved it first, but it can’t be shut off after three months. disappointed.
 Perfect eggs every time! Love it!
 Awesome, easy, perfect!
 Five Stars if they would change the alert sound to something that doesn’t give you a heart attack and hearing loss.
 Great item with a very loud alarm works Wonderful
 Works great, just don't poke your hole too big!
 I think it is a little cheap, only used 1 time and it did ok
 this thing rocks! the eggs actually peel! 'nuff said.
 Love this egg cooker! Takes out all the guess work of boiling eggs. Mine come out perfect every time.
 Easy to use and quick.
 Lost in breakfast egg everyday now
 this is the best gadget u can get....shells slide off eggs !!
 Love, each time I have used this my hard boiled eggs have come out perfect!
 Warning - when the buzzer goes off you may think it's a fire alarm. And, it's not smart enough to turn off on its own. However, its small and quick, so if the buzzer is the worst thing that happens, I'll be okay.
 Great for eggs. So fast and easy. Eggs are so easy to peel.
 Bought for making medium boiled eggs. After multiple attempts, (even trying for hard boiled!) our eggs were still uncooked. The buzzer was not nearly as annoying and loud as we were lead to believe from other reviews. Nothing soul shaking :) our problem could be the altitude? We are in Denver. We returned.
 I bought this for my son and he loves it
 Love!
 Cooks them perfect every time!
 Got today 01/24/2017 and made eggs. It's perfect. I allowed the eggs to rest for one minute then into the ice bath. Best hard boiled eggs in minutes. Plus easy clean up and everything fits inside it.  Probably perfect for travelers
 Nice simple to use product
 If you love deviled eggs &amp; cannot peel a pretty egg, GET THIS MAGICAL MACHINE. The trick is to start peeling the shell at the puncture site.
 Perfect boiled eggs! Quick &amp; easy, no mess, easy clean up!
 Great Item!
 Love it! Easy to use and hard boiled eggs peeled with ease.
 I have bought several of these for gifts after I got mine.  Easiest, fastest boiled eggs ever!  Easy to peel too!
 We really like these and use them quite a bit.  They product great boiled eggs as well as poached en masse and singly.  No grease to mess with.  No heavy duty clean up process.  Just good cooked eggs with maximum benefit and almost zero negative aspects.  Average using it 2.5 to 3 times a week for breakfast and sometimes lunch or dinner.  Just a good, simple, efficient product you will enjoy a lot if you like boiled and poached eggs.  We have acquired three of them, although one of them came with a broken handle and Amazon replaced it at zero cost.  Good product, good service, great value.
 This is the best kitchen gadget ever! I use it every day! It couldn’t be easier to use and it guarantees the perfect hard boiled egg every time. 5 Stars MUST have item!
 Cooks perfect eggs 🐣
 Needed this thing for 20 years<br/>Too easy
 Easy to use. Works great!
 I have no idea where that rusty dark brown substance comes from. But hate having to clean it
 Love it..makes the best hardboiled eggs everytime, without have to set a timer..
 I did really like this product but it stopped functioning properly after a few months.  It stopped cooking the eggs all the ay through.  I tried to get a hold of them through Amazon but customer service did not have their info.  Very disappointing
 Love this device! i find im using it every couple of days!  so quick and convenient.
 The eggs come out watery. Try to follow the instructions but doesnt come out edible.
 Perfect boiled eggs every time.
 Awesome
 nice
 Love this little machine. So quick and easy to make eggs. Super fast and easy to clean.
 Very easy to use, and it works very well.
 Love love love this
 This is a great and easy to use product
 Very good product, pretty useful, time &amp; energy saver...
 Easy to use. The loud buzzer is great. Eggs are perfect!
 Does a very good job of cooking the eggs.  Much better than boiling.
 Makes perfect hard boiled eggs every time!
 The plate got rusted after one use and the buzzer is very annoying !!
 works great
 works really well, pretty loud beep to let you know cooking process is complete.
 works great exactly as described in the description.
 Perfect 11 minutes, the perfect egg.
 My buddy swore by this machine and know so am I.  As much hard boiled eggs I eat a week, I wish I would have gotten this years ago.
 Great product, simple to use.<br/><br/>If you are looking for a solution to the super loud buzzer see YouTube dash egg cooker hack.
 Love this little egg cooker, makes perfect hard boiled eggs every time. It is fast and doesn't heat up the kitchen.
 Best appliance in the kitchen! Until the next one....
 Easy to use, cooks eggs perfect but the alarm will haunt you in your dreams
 Great for use when you do not have a stove
 Best. Egg. Cooker. EVER. Please get one. See for yourself. Makes the most perfect eggs each time with little effort.
 easy fast way to cook for eggs the way you want.<br/>works great!!
 We use this to make 20+ eggs a week &amp; it works flawlessly. Eggs peel so easy! Highly recommend!
 Best thing I ever bought! Love the hard boiled eggs. Easy to use. Great purchase!
 Just as described. Works in every mode, day after day.
 Love this egg cooker. It’s small so it stores easily and doesn’t take up too much room on the counter. Cooks eggs perfectly!
 Love this egg cooker. Easy to use and produces eggs that are a cinch to peel.
 Easiest way to make eggs! but, I hate how loud it is, I wish it automatically turns off.
 This is amazing, my eggs are prepared quickly, delicious.... I would recommend this!!!
 I love this product.  Easy to transport.
 Hard boiled eggs were great. Omelet was not that great. Was not happy with that. Other than that, I will still keep trying to make it work better.
 Works great
 I like that I can just put the eggs on to cook and the timer let's me know when the eggs are ready.  The downside is the eggs don't get done enough. Even the hard boiled need to set in the cooker longer. Overall, I'm glad I bought it.
 Just buy it. It works great
 Loved this! Super easy to use and makes the best hard boiled eggs.
 I really loved this product (at first). The first time I used it, I made the boiled eggs. It worked wonderfully. The second time I used it I made an omelette. This feature is not so great. For the cleanup, (and the fact that you really don't get an omelette, but a very fluffy egg puff) it's just not worth it. The third time I used it, I pushed the power button in, and it just stuck. And no matter how hard I tried the power button would not release. So my husband took it apart, and noticed that some of the plastic parts of the frame had melted and were interfering with the placement of the power button.<br/><br/>If this was made of a more durable material, other than plastic, that would probably solve the problem.
 Works great. Perfect hard boiled eggs every time.
 Could not be easier.
 Easiest way to get perfectly cooked eggs every single time and they peel without any problem.
 I was very satisfied from this product.
 My daughter in law says it is super. She is very excited I gave it to her.
 Purchased to simply hardboil eggs and it does that perfectly. That alarm has to go though. Holy crap! It is loud.
 Eggs do not taste the same
 A great product. Eggs are perfectly cooked and very easy to peel.
 Love this egg cooker.  Purchased one for my daughter as well.  Saves time for our family as we make hard boiled eggs almost daily.  They peel easily too which I love.  I would definitely purchase this product again in the future especially as a gift.
 Easy, efficient, perfectly cooked eggs
 This is eggsellent!!!
 Not very happy, came with a broken handle so the top won't lock.
 Fantastic! Love everything about it. Very very very easy to use.
 Works perfectly. Especially if you like soft boiled eggs. Delicious!
 Cute. Quick. Efficient. I’m disabled; I like easy. This is Easy!
 exelente producto
 The Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker is a great addition to any kitchen. Its small, affordable and the parts are of good quality; eggs are always cooked correctly and the process takes just minutes.
 Absolutely cringe alarm after it's done steaming the eggs. Can't turn it off.
 I am returning this product. I followed directions exactly and my poached eggs came out with one almost done, and the other one snotty and not cooked. It says to remove from device as soon as buzzer rings to avoid over cooking. Well, I even got to mine when buzzer was ringing for a bit as I was in the bathroom when buzzer went off. Still found one egg not cooked and one not completely cook(white was still a little clear like raw, the 2nd egg was completely clear, with only one small area partially white, about 1/4 inch of it. yuk!!!! I love poached eggs but not when the whites are still raw. This is dangerous and can lead to salmonella. I wish I had taken a picture of it, but did not think to do that.
 Makes great eggs!  Was skeptical but it really works well!
 funcionally correctly for hard boiled eggs, is easy to use and I use it everday for me and my dauther
 working as described, I use twice a day, evening to make my egg whites and morning to cook 3 eggs.<br/>This way its fast, effective, always cooks eggs to perfection, saves a lot of space, time, especially in the morning routine.
 This unit is easy to use and does a great job at making hard boiled eggs.  My water leaves some mineral deposits, I found while the unit is slightly warm I can wipe down the hot plate with a little vinegar and it brings the plate back to its original finish.
 I used twice as much water and cooking time and still have been unable to hard boil the yolks.
 After I got use to using it it was awsome! Makes perfect hard boiled eggs!
 Works awesome for just a small family meal but also works fast for a big family get together I love it!!
 I was skeptical, but it worked really well to hard boil and it is so much faster than the normal method.
 I eat 6 hard boiled eggs per week.  This device makes perfect eggs with no fuss.  I highly recommend it.
 Quick and handy :)
 Love!  Alarm is really loud. Otherwise, amazing!
 Have used this for hard boiled and poached eggs. Turn out great and easy to use and clean
 wasn't sure how it was going to work. cooked eggs perfectly. so far made hard boiled and poached. will be buying another for my girls.
 Use it daily.  Great for making eggs at a moment’s notice.  Wish I would have purchased the larger one.
 It works as advertised love it
 Works really good
 Great item! Shells peel right off!
 Omg!!! I love this product. I'm really in to poached eggs right now and they come out perfect! 💕
 Cooked all my normal sized eggs perfectly.<br/><br/>DO NOT USE HUGE EGGS if youre hard boiling.
 This thing is great.  So much easier than boiling eggs in a pan on the stove.
 Love it
 So far this has been amazing.  I have fresh eggs that I normally destroy trying to peel and this has helped tremendously.  It takes just a few minutes and takes up very little space.
 I can make better eggs in this than in a sous vide! I highly recommend it as it perfectly hard boils eggs if you have one or if you have 6 inside.
 Bery useful
 So easy to use. The buzzer sound is pretty annoying... but I get perfect eggs every time so who cares!
 It is much easier to boil eggs with the egg oooker than with a pot of boiling water.  There is no guessing when the eggs are done to perfection, and it does it quickly, too.
 My eggs always bubble out of the shell. Followed directions so idk ?
 This product is a egg lifesaver!!!  I have butchered many boiled eggs prior to this purchase.  The eggs peel so easily.  Thank you Dash Go Rapid
 if you follow the instruction to a tee you will never get the results as stated. I returned it.
 Love it! I’ve always hated doing hard boiled eggs but now it’s a breeze
 The settings recommended don't totally hard boil the eggs so just make sure you add more water so they cook a little longer.
 This thing is just pure awesome!
 Works exactly as described. My seven, ten and eleven year old use it frequently for breakfast: omelets and hardboiled eggs made simply. The sound made when the eggs are done is a bit disconcerting. It sounds much like a too-loud alarm.
 Love it!  Use it almost everyday,  Makes perfect hard and soft boiled eggs and cleanup is a breeze!  Have not tried the poached eggs yet - expect those to be just as simple!
 Very easy to use cooks the eggs very easy and just right and no guessing.
 It is small !! And does the job !
 Makes perfect eggs every time!  I would definitely buy again!
 So easy to use and i swear the eggs are always easy to peel. Loving this.
 AWESOME!!!! I love the cooker. Perfect hard boiled eggs.
 Looooove this product! I use it every week to make hard boiled eggs and they always turn out perfect!
 eggs made simple
 Simple but effective
 Quick and easy to use and clean.
 Quick and convenient.  No issues cleaning the metal plate or having cracked eggs.
 Great product! Cooks hard boiled eggs perfectly
 Extremely loud timer when done that doesn’t turn off on its own. Quite obnoxious for the end, but everything else about it is fantastic
 Awesome product!!! Eggs were delicious and cooked sooo fast perfect for busy on the go mornings 🤞🏾
 Oh geez this is the best thing ever invented. Perfect eggs EVERY TIME!! And the omelet works great too!!!!
 I hate making hard boiled eggs on stove-top, this made it so easy! I love it!<br/>Not sure how the omelette/poacher attachments are, I have only used them once and the eggs came out under-cooked.
 Love this thing! I use it every day. Easy to clean. Best gadget in my kitchen!
 Love this little cooker.  Use it to hard boil eggs.
 Mom liked it
 Finally a kitchen gadget that does what I can't cook, easy peel, perfectly cooked hard boiled eggs. Timer is aliitle loud but eggs are great definite must have about 16 mins for 6 eggs.
 I didn’t like it!! It seemed like I was using a top that goes in a doll house!! So I gave it away!!
 Waste of Money. Light turns on after using exactly for a month it stopped working. Not sure what the problem is.
 Worthless product , I suggest people not to buy it
 It’s fast and easy
 Boiled egg lovers.
 Cooks eggs perfectly every time. The buzzer however, sounds like there’s a fire alarm going off. Little annoying.
 This thing is so amazing. Highly recommend!
 Works as described. You have to play with the amount of water to get your eggs the way you like them. Once you got it, it makes them the same every time.
 This cooker is amazing love it
 I love how easy the eggs peel!
 Seems flimsier and smaller than I expected.
 I love it!  Use it almost daily
 It’s smaller than I thought! Boiled eggs just easier in a pot of water
 I love eggs. I wanted an option for a healthier lunch at work and I love eggs but hate cold ones (like when boiling them at home and bringing them) and microwave eggs just aren't the same. I've only ever done 2 eggs at a time in this thing but I assume it'd do more eggs with ease too. All of my co-workers have thought it's one of the coolest gadgets ever. For my 2 eggs I do sometimes forget the little cup but I remembered to measure it one day and just under 1/4 cup water gives me 2 eggs with a mostly done yolk. Thankfully I work in a medical clinic so an 18 gauge needle works perfectly at poking a hole in the top.<br/><br/>Only negative is the metal part does get a bit gunky pretty easily. Once a week or so I try to spray some cleaner on it and let it soak a few minutes then scrub it with a scouring pad. That gets it mostly shiny again.
 This cooks my eggs perfectly!! I love this little cooker!!
 awesome product works great easy to use,love the color!!!
 Very nice product
 Great!  Works well and is very easy!
 So far so good
 I had one of these, bought this one for my daughter , we both love it.
 I love this it is very convenient.  The one thing I do not like is the tone it has to tell you it is done.  It is most jarring
 Love this egg cooker.<br/>Perfect hardboiled eggs every time! Great for meal prep!
 I've had my Dash about a year.<br/>It doesn't beep at me anymore when the eggs are done and the eggs are not fully cooking.<br/>It was really great for the first few months.<br/>Pretty disappointed.
 Love it! My coworkers and I use it every morning to start our day!👍🏼
 Cool
 My package did not include the required measuring cup rendering the purchase practically useless.
 Easy to use and cools eggs perfectly how you want them!
 Works great!!
 Can't seem to get a soft boiled egg just right. It's just okay.
 I am obsessed with this. It can make a perfectly soft boiled egg among other things. Would 100% recommend.
 Item as described.
 Did not boil the eggs!!!!!!!!!!!do not buy! Rip off!!!!
 I love the egg cooker but needs a bigger water holder seams to run out of water cooking the eggs
 My Mom loves her egg cooker!
 Its very good product but what is making me to do that score its because the SOUND OF THE PRODUCT WHEN ITS DONE.. it will let my wife to ask for divorce 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
 Amazing product!
 Love my DASH EGG COOKER.  I don't have a stove, so this IS WONDERFUL!! AND QUICK!
 Great little device.  Makes egg prep very simple.  Highly recommend
 great egg cooker
 Cook 2 eggs every day with this for two months. Everything is good.
 Wonderful just start it and walk away Done in no time
 Works great
 Cooks hard-boiled eggs perfectly.  Love that it uses less water, energy, and brain power to cook said eggs.  Best part, I no longer destroy half the egg in the peeling process. Yay!
 Perfect
 So easy and eggs peel like butter
 easy to use and works well
 Perfect soft boiled eggs all the time! No sulfur rings around the yolks!
 Pretty cool gadget
 I did not realize when I purchased that you had to pierce each egg.
 So far so good... I made one batch of HB eggs, and I must say they were cooked perfectly.
 Great product
 Works great, very easy to use I hated hard boiling eggs, this is much easier 👍
 good
 This egg cooker is GREAT! So easy and super easy cleanup. I might buy another just to leave it at work. For hard boiled and poached, leave eggs in about 2 minutes after the timer for a little more cooked egg. Awesome product!
 Easy to use and time saver.  I hard boil eggs on Sunday for breakfast all week.
 Love this little gadget so much! I make hard boiled eggs easily. Easy to clean!
 Cooks eggs fast with ease
 Perfect!  Easy to use.  Works so well!
 Eggs cook perfectly if you follow directions.  Very easy to peel.
 Love it!! Picked one up for a friend, then she got one for a friend....Did not like the fact I could order 1 at a time! What's that all about!!?? I wanted to order a couple,  but could not...why pay all that shipping!!!!
 Great product very easy to use perfect  boiled eggs
 Love it
 EASY TO USE AND  YOU'LL LOVE THE EGGS EVERY TIME,
 Easy to use, easy to clean, enviromental friendly and fast!. I really like it!
 It is pretty convinient but the base turns dirty soon, it is hard to clean it.
 great
 Great Seller - Will use again - Quality Item - Lowest Price - Boiled 6 eggs to perfection!  Soooo Easy.  No More Green Eggs!
 Perfect hard boiled eggs every single time. They are so easy to peel, this thing makes my life so much easier.
 Love this!!!  Great! I use it all the time!
 The aluminum heating service burned and discolored and began to cook eggs unevenly after only 2 months. Amazon declined to allow it to be returned.
 Works great
 Very simple, easy to use, 1st time use made 6 excellent hard boiled eggs
 So easy to use and eggs are cooked perfect. Great buy
 Works great! Only funky part is you unplug it to turn it off— other than that it works well.
 Awesome little product, couldn't be easier....
 Takes the hassle out of boiling eggs. No waiting, almost no cleanup.
 Cooks eggs perfectly. Exactly what we wanted.
 Cooker works great and Amazon did  a good job
 Cooks hard boiled eggs just right.
 Add measured water and get your eggs boiled the way you want it. No more burnt eggs for me.
 Love it!!! So easy to use!!
 Did not cook an egg on any attempt. Loud. Threw it away.
 Love it!
 good machine. small and gets the job done for lazy POS like me
 So convenient. love it. The measuring cup is a little off to make soft or hard eggs but once you make the eggs a few times you know how much water to add
 Ok, I guess. Gifts &amp; no one has a comment on them.
 Works great!  Makes egg cooking a breeze!
 Eggs break always and after 2-3 use the iron rod leaves stain. Worst quality
 Ease of use. Got it for doing hard boiled eggs
 Good quality
 Gave this as a gift and was told it worked great
 It's ok but the eggs need a little more cooking.
 Broke after a few uses.
 received with broken handles. Will keep but need new handles.
 I love this product. I have told everyone I come into contact with about this egg cooker. So easy to use .
 I love this little thing! Perfect eggs every time and little to no cleanup!
 It sure beats my previous experiences with boiling eggs on the stove. Only occasional difficulty with peeling.
 Perfect for daily use
 Fast and easy. I make six at a time. Simple to add water poke holes in eggs press start and come back when done.<br/><br/>Annoying alarm when done drops rating to four stars. Loud enough it wakes my daughter.
 Full of funs while using it to boil eggs and also cook the omelette.
 The Dash can cook eggs to your liking. Love it!
 I tried this cooker for the first time.  I followed the easy-to-understand directions, made 6 hard-boiled eggs, and it worked!  It was easy, didn't cause any mess, and the alarm that buzzes when the time is up is loud and clear to hear.  I did as suggested to run the eggs under cold water after they were done cooking to help ease in the peeling - that worked too.  They pealed so easily.<br/><br/>Best of all - the yolks were cooked thoroughly but not overdone.  They were so soft and moist, not dried out like I've had when I've overboiled eggs trying to ensure the yolks would be done for hard-boiled.  Just like the booklet stated, all of the water was evaporated after the cooking.  All I had to do was wipe the bottom hot plate with a wet rag to remove the water residue from it.  The unit cooled down quickly.  I didn't have any water spitting out or overflowing.  So easy and quick.  I'm so glad I bought one for each of my daughters as well - they are going to love this machine!!<br/><br/>Thank you so much.
 I never leave Amazon reviews but Oh. My. God! This thing is amazing!!!! I love cooking and this is probably my new favorite appliance ever! So easy and simple and the eggs peel like a dream!
 I love this thing. It makes boiling eggs so easy! The omelets and eggs Benedict are great too!
 Love this product! Helps with mealprep.perfect eggs everytme
 Works easily and perfectly! Eggs are back in our diets after being wrongly slandered for so long and this item is the perfect way to cook 'em! I can take a quick, healthy breakfast to work with me.
 Need to cook eggs twice to cook properly. If it's cooked once it's still in liquid form.
 Works great
 Best hard boiled eggs I’ve ever eaten! Super easy to use and fast! Love it
 I just love this. ❤️
 Love it! Easy to use and makes great eggs that are perfectly cooked every time and easy to peel:
 Measuring cup did not come with the pin to pierce egg shells so essentially I'm left with a nom functioning hard boiler whose only job is to hard boil.
 Whoops, we paid $14.52 for this product and when we got it it was labeled on the box $9.99!!! It's seems to be a pretty good item so far though.
 Easy to use and good product but the annoying alarm at the end of cooking is just unbearable.
 So easy to use!
 Best investment I every made.  Very easy to use and works great.
 Cooks eggs perfectly, but the buzzer is so horrible I couldn’t stand to use it more than a handful of times before it met the trash can.
 I did not like the small plastic cup to use to put the water in.  With my other one  the lines for water were marked right in the unit so much easier to use..
 Works well. Really easy to use. Inexpensive product.
 gave one as a gift.
 Easy to use; hard boiled eggs turn out perfectly and are so easy to peel.
 I love love this!!!
 Works as advertised
 Absolutely love this Egg cooker the eggs turn out perfect!!
 Everyone in my family loved their gift of the season with this egg cooker. Totally awesome product.
 Works great but the timer is scary loud. lol
 Does a great job but we have to set a timer for 15 minutes(for hard boiled) because the beeper quit working. If you don't mind setting a timer than it's a great product.
 I mainly use product to cook hard boiled eggs. It cooks eggs perfectly in 15 mins.
 Husband seems to like this product.  I like how hard boiled eggs turn out.
 Just as advertised
 Love, love, love this egg cooker. The eggs peel perfectly!
 Easy to use and regulate the cooking results.
 Great product.
 it works really well and perfect for making medium-hard boiled eggs.  worth the money 100%
 This egg cooker is great!! I love mine and got one for my daughter and she loves hers too!!!
 I absolutely love how easy and convenient this Dash egg cooker is to use!!
 I love everything about this!!!  I use it all the time.  I works great!
 Excellent product
 Easy to use . I get perfect hard boiled eggs every time in few minutes.
 Quick and easy!  We make eggs everyday now!
 Very nice, well priced product.
 Sent this to my grandson, and he loves it!!!!!
 This thing is awesome. All i have to say
 The eggs were either overcooked or undercooked, no matter what we did,
 I tried to use after unboxing this cooker and it didn’t work. Waisted money and time
 This thing is awesome!
 Arrived early, and it’s just as described.
 I absolutely LOVE it. So quick and easy...
 I eat so many eggs now with this awesome little appliance! takes the guesswork out of getting the perfect hard boiled egg. They always peel easily now! Great for meal prep fans or just anyone who hates dragging out those skillets and big pots of water just to make a quick breakfast. I've even made 'over easy' eggs in the omlette tray and they came out great! bonus: no need for all that oil or butter. I'd say the only cons are that the buzzer does NOT shut off until you push the button, so I'll sometimes have to run across the house in a panic because it's loud and annoying for other people. The second con is living in Colorado, I believe the water measurements for cook times may be slightly off for me with our elevation, but with a few trial runs I've figured out the right amount to use. (usually just slightly more water than recommended). However, these things really aren't deal breakers and I still love this thing, so it deserves those 5 stars.
 I love this little egg cooker. I bought myself one about 6 months ago and liked it so well I ordered one for all my daughters. the eggs cook perfectly in about 10 minutes. They all peel perfectly - no cracked eggs and sticking shells. Clean up is a snap, too, and it all fits in a compact area.
 So glad I purchased one of these!
 Works great shell come right off
 I love this product. I only boil eggs. It's perfect.
 Makes perfectly soft medium and hard boiled eggs. So happy with this gadget!!
 Easy to use
 Love it!
 Works great. Love it. Eggs peel easy.
 This is so awesome! Cooks the eggs perfectly and so quick!  Makes my meal prep for the week that much quicker
 I bought this as a gift and they love it. It cooks eggs many ways. I received this quickly.
 I just love being able to make eggs for breakfast without all the hassle.
 Shocked at how well this works!
 I have never used this brand before, and since I purchased  it as a gift to someone, I have not had any feedback from them.  I have used my Sunbeam egg cooker over 36 years and it's still the best ever, and I wouldn't  trade it for any other kind.
 Happy with this purchase! Have had a week- streamed, poached and made omelettes! Easy to make- my kids can even use it.
 Works well! Eggs come out perfectly everytime. But the timer alarm is VERY LOUD.
 this is my second one think I would learn , obviously doesn't work very long used only three times.
 still use it!
 DID NOT PROPERLY COOK EGGS. Hard Boiled eggs were never fully cooked. Very Disappointed.
 Easy to use and clean up cooks well
 Different electrical power must use electricity transformer
 Wow. Even I can't mess this up. Works like a charm and exactly as seller described.
 Love the product
 Product performs as advertised. No more watched pots. Great gadget.
 Great product
 Works great!! I use mine twice a week for perfect soft boiled eggs.
 Eggs are always under cooked. Buzzer too loud.
 Love having boiled eggs that are so easy to peel!!
 Arrived early. Light weight, easy to assemble and use
 Easy to use for boiling eggs but as other reviews have stated, the finished signal is quite loud.
 Love this product, use it everyday and never have any problems, eggs always come out perfect.
 Came quick. Works great. Makes the best hard boiled eggs.
 I love how easy, and fast it is. Eggs come out perfect every time!
 Works great.
 Easy to use.
 Love this gadget and planning on buying another for my daughter!
 Nifty, neat and easy to use.
 Doesn't cook eggs all the way.  Egg white doesn't cook all the way.
 so cute! perfectly cooked eggs! thank you!
 Makes eggs easy to peel and it steams to a hard boil in a fraction of the time!
 Best fader I've purchased! Easy to use and clean!!!
 I love this rapid egg cooker. It cooked my hard boiled eggs perfectly.
 Works well, buzzer is way too loud
 Works great!!!!!!!!!!!!  Done in 16 min. peeling was so easy. get one for yourself.
 Pros:<br/>- Can do 6 hard boiled eggs at a time, with very little mess and water.<br/>- Can do 2 perfectly poached eggs at a time with ZERO hassle compated to the traditional poaching process<br/>- Can make very fluffy scrambelled eggs with no oil<br/>- Very compact and nice looking<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>- More than one scrambled eggs/ omelettes is not very seamless, I often end up pouring too much eggs into the plate only to have it still raw in the middle after the alarm goes off. And if you're cooking for more than one person it's going to take some time; cook a couple of eggs, then cook some more to make sure it's well done, and do it over again while trying to keep the first scrambled eggs warm.
 This thing is amazing, it cooks every type of egg you perfectly.
 Love it, works great!
 Does the job, cooks eggs perfectly, six at a time!
 It's quick
 Perfect hard boiled eggs, easy peel.
 very good and very simple！
 Great product-use it all the time
 This product makes perfect eggs every tim love it
 This works perfectly.  Now I make boiled eggs whenever I like. Easy and fast.
 Only kitchen gadget I've ever used consistantly. 2-3 times a week. I love it.
 Perfect eggs everytime
 It’s 🥇🏆
 It cooks eggs fine but the buzzer is obnoxiously loud and is terrorizing my workplace. It also now smells like burning less than a month after purchasing it.
 This is the greatest thing that I've ever purchased!  It works like a charm and the shells melt off.  I love it!
 Loved how quickly it cooks the eggs
 Works great, easy to use and clean.
 Best item I’ve ever purchased from amazon. Eggs come out perfect every time
 Perfect eggs Everytime! Easy to peel.
 My husband likes this, although there was a learning curve.
 Works great; 6 hard boiled eggs are all perfect plus it poaches and make great omlets too.
 Eggs peel perfect now
 It worked Great but after second time using it stopped working all together!
 easiest way to hard boil eggs
 Works great.  Just set it up and forget about it.  Much easier then boiling water and a timer that may work or not.  Eggs come out perfect every time and easy to peel.
 I really love it and it makes cooking eggs easy!
 This machine is not only a great investment but a great price! I love the ease of using it and how well it cooks the eggs!
 Use it 3-4 times a week.  Perfect eggs every time (with the correct amount of water)
 It makes hard boiled eggs easy to peal amd perfect everytime.
 I love this thing. It makes it so easy to get the eggs done the way I want.
 Love making eggs now
 I have only used it for hard boiled eggs. Perfect every time.
 use it everyday almost,  cooks 5 soft boiled eggs just right
 We use this a lot
 This thing really does the job! I highly recommend it!
 Mine kept blowing the eggs up and the omelets trays didn’t work. Get a different product.
 Super easy to use, easy to clean, looks cute on counter.
 Makes perfect hard boiled eggs! Instructions are easy to follow. Perfect little gadget.
 It's very easy to put the eggs there and not have to watch a pot waiting for it to boil.  I have used it so many times and love it!
 This product works exactly as advertised. Could not be simpler to use and perfect hard boiled eggs. I might lose my girlfriend to this little guy.
 Love this clever machine. We eat eggs so much more often now since they're easy to make and virtually no clean up. My daughter likes hard boiled and my wife and I like omelettes, so it's perfect for the whole family!
 I have tried every "life-hack" method of getting easy and perfectly peeled hard boiled eggs that you can think of.  Fresh eggs, old eggs, baking soda. icey water, vinegar etc etc.. all of them!  Peeling eggs was something I just couldn't do without losing chunks of the egg to the shell.. so frustrating.  But no more!  I was skeptical when I read the reviews here, but decided to give it a try as a last resort... and it WORKS!  I'm thrilled with this little device.  I haven't tried the other features yet (poaching or omelette) but for the reason I bought it, I'm extremely satisfied.  The buzzer is very shrill, I was worried I wouldn't hear it the first time I used it but wow... shrill.  Fire alarm shrill.  Can't miss it, which is very good ;-)
 Works as described.. easy to use
 Love it. Makes eggs in different ways perfectly and easily.
 No longer have watch boiling water.  So easy to clean also.
 Love this product! Boiled eggs or omelets in minutes! Super easy clean up
 It was broken when I removed it from the box plus the box was all smashed
 Love my egg cooker. Easy to use and clean!  Does eggs perfectly!!
 This little gadget certainly delivered on its promise to produce hard boiled eggs quickly and with a minimum of fuss. However, there's a catch. You're supposed to pierce the large end of the egg with an included pin tool before cooking. Here's what the egg producer trade association says on their site, incredibleegg.org:<br/>"Food safety precaution: Piercing shells before cooking is not recommended. If not sterile, the piercer or needle can introduce bacteria into the egg. Also, piercing creates hairline cracks in the shell, through which bacteria can enter after cooking."<br/>I haven't tried cooking eggs without piercing first. I'd suggest only cooking as many eggs as you intend to consume immediately if you pierce the shell before cooking.
 Cheap and useless.
 Have had nothing but success. It works great!  Would recommend to a friend
 Love this product. No need to stand at attention in the front of the pot. The settings work perfect !
 Can't live without it. Perfect egg each time, I swear!
 So fast &amp; easy &amp; no mess!
 Terrific little item. Eggs come out perfect. I think that they could do away with the buzzer. Just a little beep with no need to push button "off" would be an improvement.
 Best. Product. Ever.
 This is a great product.  The hard boiled eggs are perfect.  Had to cook the omelet a little longer but still great.
 Muy útil y rapida
 Quick and easy! Great for making hard boiled eggs in the morning or even egg sandwiches/scrambled eggs when I have very little time.
 LOVE IT, So easy to use, eggs come out perfect &amp; easy to peel which is what I love the most. We’re in deviled egg heaven!
 Very easy to use and keep clean!  Love this great product!
 Just uised this for the first time last night.  My hardboiled eggs came out perfectly and they were so easy to peel!
 Very good must buy
 Eggs cook great and in such short amount of time! A+++!!!
 HAPPIEST I'VE EVER BEEN IN MY LIFE
 For everything the product is prepare for .
 My son loves to make eggs in this! So easy!
 Quick setup and very easy to use.  I can finally have hard boiled eggs that are perfect.
 Easy to use Can change cooking time by just adding a little more water.
 Would prefer to have the auto trip when timer is done to prevent the over heating of hot plate. Also water measurement provided is not accurate for the type of boiled egg.
 Love it! Makes peeling hard boiled eggs so easy.  Shell doesn't stick to the eggs.
 Awesome product. I tried almost all styles of eggs. There is chance of improvement in product by reducing level of alarm noise after task completion.
 Turns eggs grey and green
 Some time the eggs are done and some time there under done or over done. ???
 My niece talked me into this but it is a thrifty little gadget . It helps me prepare my breakfast while getting ready for work. Poached eggs come out great!!
 works fine
 Quick, convenient, and easy to use. I love this product.
 Smaller than I expected but for one person, it is perfect.  Does a great job of poached and hard boiled eggs and it is easy to clean.
 I use my rapid egg cooker all the time.  Love it.  Works great and makes boiling eggs so easy.
 Cooks eggs in minutes.  Easy to use.
 Works great. Can not believe it.
 Great product!!
 Great product...<br/>Quick and easy meals!
 I love it. I'm getting great protein so easily now.
 So easy to use and cooks the eggs perfectly every time.
 I use this every day. awesome product. this is a must have in every kitchen.
 There is no buzzer when the eggs are done, so be sure to keep an eye on the machine. Also, the color of the light that indicates when the machine is on is very similar to what displayed when it is off.  In general, it is hard to tell when the eggs are done.
 FYI This newer version has a CRAZY annoying and ear-piercing alarm when it shuts off...and doesn't stop until you turn it off...kind of defeats the whole purpose of the auto shutoff. I had an older version that just simply shut off when it was done. Also, and its a small annoyance, the lid on the newer one must be put on and then twisted as if to lock it for some reason, the older one just had the lid go on with no problem. You, in theory, do the same with this but that would mean butting the lid on sideways. Not sure why they changed something that didn't need it. Will be returning.
 Nothing to add
 This machine makes perfect eggs.  Even the hard boiled is great...no green around the yolk.
 Excellent value, even kids love it!!!!
 love egg cookers! This one came as expected although I haven't had it long enough to test the quality and durability but so far so good
 Convenient and works great!
 No more messing up hard boiled eggs. This is a life saver.
 Quick and easy. 6 eggs at a time no problem.
 Perfect for eggs but also great for brussel sprouts and other foods.
 Fabulous! Perfect every time!
 Works greawt!
 Super easy to use! This machine is so cute and so easy to use. Cannot love it more. I use it everyday!
 Easy to use.
 Great product, cook eggs perfectly
 Great little egg cooker!
 Makes cooking eggs much more convenient
 Unbelievable! Does exactly what they said it would do. So easy peal, every time.
 Obsessed with this product! So easy and the eggs are perfect every time! Love the poaching tray.
 Perfect
 Makes perfect soft and hard boiled eggs.  Even the omelets are pretty good!!!!
 Best cooker EVER!  Easy cook and peel!  I love this thing!!!!!!!!!
 Cooks hard boiled eggs well, but poached eggs in this is are kinda gross...
 Does everything as stated
 I use this every day...it's simple and although would be great with bells and whistles...it does a great job at a low price.
 The omllets are the right size to put on a sandwich!
 Easy to use
 Easy to use
 love love love.....perfect eggs everytime!!!!! no need to write more
 Love this freak’n thing!
 Best purchase! It's so convenient and cooks perfect eggs.
 Thank you
 Phenomenal hard-boiled egg cooker. Perfect every time.
 Cooks great eggs, but the alert tone is horrendous. Would be nice to have an option to adjust the volume, or at least turn off the alarm.
 Awesome little appliance!! It cooks eggs perfectly!
 Love this product. Used it tonight and the eggs came out perfect!
 Works great. I eat an egg sandwich almost every day now
 Provides an easy, no mess way to cook eggs at work.
 Phenomenal!!! Makes hard boiled eggs such a breeze.
 I use it almost daily.  Simple, quick.  Easy to use
 👌
 It’s easy to use and very convenient.
 More than I expected. Cooked the eggs perfectly.
 Nothing like starting your day with TERROR EGGS! My entire family starts to evacuate the house every time my husband poaches an egg. "Buzzer?"
 very good.
 very convenient for the morning breakfast, save times, pretty good, I like it.
 Awesome!
 I only use it for hard boiled eggs".... Love it...
 Great appliance  love the way it cooks my eggs
 It's much smaller than I expected but it fits 6 eggs perfectly. They're tasting great, increasing my egg consumption significantly:) using this contraption with my backyard chicken's eggs taste 10x better than the Wilcox rubber!
 Muy bueno
 I wasn't expect that this thing is gonna be that good. Really easy and fast way to cook eggs
 Simply stated<br/>A++++<br/>I love and recommend this tool!!!
 Best little egg cooker I ever used ! Love it ,works well!
 Very easy to use!
 Great perfect eggs.
 Great device! Makes the perfect egg every time!!!
 LOVE THIS PRODUCT. Now I boil an egg every morning, and it is fresh and I love it! But I have to wait by the cooker around the end of the cooking time because it makes a sudden loud noise when it is done. I wish it would just turn off by itself without the noise.
 Love it!
 Its cool
 Works great no mess or guess work.
 I highly recommend this because it was easy to use, reasonably priced, color and design very attractive, and following instructions eggs peeled easily and were cooked just right.
 Nothing to brag anout
 I wish I had one of these years ago!  It's now very easy to peel eggs for deviled eggs which I make often.
 Love this.  I have it in my office.  It keeps me away from the carbs.!
 So simple to use!
 Why is part of my box missing?!!  I thought this was a new product?
 Its great
 Boils eggs very fast.
 Nothing
 This is how my omelette turned out. Not a pretty sight.
 Love it
 So easy
 Works as advertised. Quick, easy, great hard boiled eggs. But holy crap- the alarm is strong with this one!
 My eggs are perfect every single time I love it
 So easy to hard boil eggs now - have not used other settings yet.  Bought a second one for my sister.
 How easy to cook hard/soft boil eggs is this !!!
 Very simple and the eggs are good
 My family uses this all the time.
 Cooks eggs so quickly, love that it can hardboil, poach or make omelets.  The size is wonderful too, so small it doesn't take up much space at all.
 works as advertised
 We eat a lot of eggs and this has made our mornings so much easier. It's quick and easy to make 6 medium boiled eggs without waiting for a pot to boil, and the poached eggs are good, too.
 Love this little guy. Eggs to go in under 10 minutes! Easy clean up. Eggs come out perfect every time.
 So quick and easy.  Clean up is practically nothing.  Love that I don't have to pre-plan making my hard boiled eggs anymore.
 It has a terrible alarm sound. And it does not stop until you unplug. Very inconvenient.
 Hard boiled eggs, easy to peel in 15 minutes... Enough said.
 DO NOT BUY. BOUGHT NEW DID NOT WORK OUT OF BOX
 Love it.  Easy to use and easy to clean up. It does not take up a lot of space.  It does make very loud and annoying sound.  Wish it had an automatic shut off.
 Worth every penny!
 Works pretty good and love the concept but the alarm is so loud and annoying. Also hard to keep clean and eggs often crack even with holes in them. Otherwise works good.
 Doesn’t heat up to the temp it is suppose to.
 Easily makes perfect hard-boiled eggs. It does eggsactly what you think it would do.
 Use it often - so easy - cooks perfectly and hard boiled eggs easy peal and no more with some of egg coming off too!
 Easy to use. Reliable and worth every penny.
 I used this about 6 times and it worked great...loved it. It quit working today. Wondering if its a faulty device. Possible to send me a new one?
 It takes less than 10 min the eggs to be ready!! I love it
 Great.  Easy to use.  Love it!
 This item works wonderful.  It's so easy to peel the eggs.  The eggs don't fall apart while you're peeling them.
 Works fantastic.
 We purchased this for the boiled egg feature!  It cooked our eggs perfectly and they were very easy to peel!  We love it!
 I like everything about it. Gave my children one for a Christmas gift and they love them.
 This was an Christmas gift to my daughter and she is absolutely delighted with it and uses it often.
 Follow the instructions, and your eggs will turn out exactly as you want them!
 My husband uses this everyday and loves it.
 Great hard boiled eggs.  Perfect every time
 Love this thing
 I can't expect more perfect egg cooker .. easy to clean .. easy to use and only hard work is to ouch little holes to the eggs ..<br/><br/>I strongly recommend this product
 It works great.
 Everyone is getting one this year from me!
 Great and safe way to cook boiled eggs..love it..
 Love this item.  It works well. No issues.
 Love this item
 This thing is amazing. Highly recommend. I've been showing all my friends. They love it.
 Makes perfect hard boiled eggs.  Eggs are easy to peel.
 Poached eggs without paying for brunch ❤️
 u also use it to steam my chicken breasts
 Egg-ceptional Product!
 Works great just be prepared for the air raid siren buzzer when your eggs are done
 Everything ok
 great egg maker
 Love it! Saves so much time and eggs come out perfect.
 Perfect eggs all the time, no guesswork.
 I received this product with the handle cracked on one side. Very disappointed.
 This is the second one I've purchased.  Love them!
 Super happy kids bc of easy boiled eggs!
 Cooks excellent hard boiled eggs and the shell comes off with ease. The other features are good as well, I would give a 5-star review but the worst part is the alarm when finished. All around it is a great product, especially considering the price.
 Awesome product! Have tried every method of cooking hard boiled eggs. Sometimes peel , sometimes not.<br/>This egg cooker gives you cooked eggs quickly and they peel easily EVERY time.
 Perfect eggs every time. Easy and quick
 Really working well. Make me eat more eggs every day.
 Excellent for hard-boiled eggs, but I wouldn't recommend using it for soft-boiled, poached, or any other preparation of eggs. We've experimented quite a bit, and had extremely varied results - a lot of times, a soft-boiled egg will have the yolk cooked through. Other times, the whites would still be runny. Wasted a lot of eggs trying poaching and soft-boiling with this thing. However, I am extremely impressed and happy with the hard-boiled eggs this produces! Which is great, because the boyfriend eats a dozen a week.<br/><br/>I will warn you - this will not fit XL or XXL eggs! It barely fits the Large-sized eggs from the grocery store, and those are the smallest kind I can find to buy here in Minnesota.
 Love this! Bought on the recommendation of a friend and it has made perfect hard and soft boiled eggs so far.
 So many family members ask me about this and want me to buy extra for their relatives overseas.  Super convenient and I eat a soft boiled egg every morning with use of this egg cooker!
 Very handy!
 This is one of the best product ever purchased. My wife makes a lot of hard boiled eggs. She always gets frustrated when she peels them after boiling them. This product makes them perfect every time. Love love love this product
 Horrible 😡 I hate this thing .. it’s such a mess ..
 This is a great kitchen item.  You don't need to watch the boiling water anymore!  Place the egg or eggs into it and turn on.  It will beep when it is done but doesn't take long.  No more pans to get out and fill with water.  Best kitchen item ever.
 Quick and convenient. Great for making deviled eggs.
 The eggs peel perfectly every time!!!!
 I'm very surprised to discover this little gadget works amazingly well. 6 hard boiled eggs in 10 minutes that peel easilly. no fuss.
 Great item! My 6 yr son loves hard boiled eggs and this makes it so easy.
 Convenient and effective
 Works well
 The egg cooker is good to use by itself. But I hate the annoying sound after the egg is ready. Why don't just turn off the machine...
 it works!!! very easy to use , directions inside are very clear !!! eggs turned out amazing !!! and the price is great
 great for small households and people who like hard boiled eggs. easiest way I ever made hard boiled eggs
 Cooks eggs just OK, and makes a horrible, horrible noise when it's finished. I had to send it back.
 Cheaply made. Does not cook eggs to specifications.
 Best 15 dollars I’ve spent in a while
 Makes perfect hard boiled eggs. Poached eggs were runny. Mostly I like boiled eggs so it is fie for me.
 Actually I got upset with my Husband for buying this and I use it more than him and I love it!!!
 It is an amazing machine .  It makes my eggs perfect .
 Super easy to use. Eggs are so easy to peel.  Only regret is that I didn't buy the double one.
 Love this! Works like a charm! Everything was packaged perfectly and clean with great directions. It's easy to clean and use.
 Very handy
 Works like advertised. Very happy with purchase.
 i love it
 To get hard boiled egg must add extra water and after buzzer sound leave eggs in cooker 4 minutes more before removing cover
 I put eggs in there. It gets hot and they cook.
 I don't know why but when I cook the eggs in here the shell almost falls off. Love It
 This egg cooker makes the perfect hard boiled eggs
 Love it ! Cooks hard boiled eggs to perfection!
 Love it
 Best kitchen tool I’ve ever bought!
 eggs can be cooked many ways. great
 Awesome machine!! Works great
 This is a great little product. I just received it and already used it several times. Super easy to assemble and use!
 Love it
 Seriously love this product
 bought 2 more for gifts
 The convenience of having it at your fingertips.
 Love it! I can eat boiled eggs with soft centers
 Good for small eggs only. Large or xtra large do not cook (whites) using the pre-measured water guide.
 Easy and quick- you'll love it.
 Amazing product. Does all the functions very well. Can't believe how easier it is to peel eggs. Great product.
 This product is awesome. Gets used everyday multiple times.
 works great! love having the alarm to signal when the eggs are ready. easy to use and clean.
 Love this egg cooker except for the annoying, loud buzzer at the end of the cooking time.  A simple ding would have been enough.
 Just got this today and already made 6 hard boiled eggs. It worked really well. The eggs steam rather than sit in boiling water on the stove. This makes a big difference when making eggs, first it didn't heat up the house like a pot sitting on the stove does waiting for the water to come to a boil and then cooking the eggs. It is also important when you live in a southwestern state in the summertime. Secondly, the eggs, after you cool them down with ice water or cool water, are much easier to peel than stove made eggs. I will never use a stove to make hard boiled eggs again! Third, it also makes soft, medium, poached and omelettes, using steam. I am looking forward to trying all of the different types. Fourth, I had it set up and ready to go in about 3 minutes which includes reading the directions so it was very easy to set up. So glad I purchased this little egg steamer!
 Woks well. Does the job as expected.
 cooks eggs in less time and does not smell the house up.
 I like how easy it is to use. You will like it
 It smelled not good every time I used it. I could see this being useful for a college student without a stove, but I did not find it any better than throwing eggs in boiling water in a pot.
 Perfect for the office or camper
 Cooks  eggs  perfect  in 16 mins
 Straight forward to operate and my eggs come out great
 Love this product use it every week.
 Great way to cook eggs! It is fast, easy and clean. Just make sure you keep thw wggs in the cooker for a few extra minutes for hard boiled eggs.
 This is lit for college kids<br/>Cop it asap
 Works really well. It is a lot easier than boiling water in a pot
 Works as advertised. Perfect hard boiled eggs in about 10 minutes and the shells come right off. Best purchase in a while.
 Disappointed. I made Poached and Omelets and the eggs weren't cooked thoroughly. They were very running and I ended  up dumping the eggs down the drain. I ordered two more for family member's, but will return them.
 Love this egg cooker! Super easy to use and the color is just gorgeous! It matches my kitchen perfectly!
 Piece of crap
 very very convenient !
 Super fun to use . Works great
 works exactly as advertised:-)
 I would recommend this product
 Easy to use, fast, convenient.
 This little cooker is great!
 Buzzer to loud and cannot be turned off
 I can't believe I've gone my entire life without this. I LOVE IT!
 Excellent choice
 Best product ever.... love it
 Easy to cook hard boiled egg poached egg and scrambled egg.. Happy with the product... It's smaller than I thought but it's functional and great product for the price. A little gem in my kitchen
 Great product.  Eggs never stick to shells!
 Makes short work of cooking eggs perfectly.
 So easy to use. Cooks perfectly every time.
 Quick and clean
 Works well
 Ideal unit does exactly what's required. Either boiled or poached eggs.
 I love this egg cooker.  The price is right and my eggs come out perfectly hard boiled every time.  I've been using this for about a month and so far, none of the eggs have cracked while cooking.
 Awesome little machine!
 It works great
 I love it! Works perfectly!
 Use to make hard boiled eggs
 Very useful. Breakfast is just that much easier to make now.
 the problem with this cooker is you can't see the light very well, so you can't tell if it's done.  It needs a peep sound or light flashing.
 My 11 year old daughter LOVES this little egg maker! She LIVES on eggs so this seemed to be the safest and simplest for her to use. And it is! The loud finish sound freaks her out every time, so she adds a bit more water and sets the timer with the microwave so she can unplug it before it goes off. She's very picky with her food and only ever ate hard boiled without the yolk.. now with this little gadget, she's making the eggs different everytime, and eating them, yolk included.
 This makes hard boiled eggs very convenient. I eat much more egg salad, now.
 My friend told me about this little gadget. They raved about it and I thought they were over exaggerating... not the case! It is awesome for several reasons. First off, it's small and you could easily leave it on thr counter or store it. Next, it's super simple to use. The kids even use it. I used to dread making hard boiled eggs. Now, I pop them in while getting ready for work and they are done in 15 minutes. Shell slide right off!! You can even make little omelets in no time giving us a healthier option for the kids in the morning instead of dreaded pop tarts. Lastly, it offers even more options like poached eggs that we can't wait to try. If you are thinking about buying, just do it!
 I love this little gadget!  Eggs cook much faster than the boil method.
 I finally opened the box and used and it didn’t even work.
 why do there is no bottom for turn off？？？
 Muy práctico, fácil de usar
 Super easy and now I can have eggs anytime of the day! Love it!
 This is cool. makes eggs so easy/
 Worked as it said it would.  Eggs were cooked perfectly and peeled pretty easily. Glad I got it!
 I tried this and love it
 Una huevonada muy buena!!!
 We love it after first use
 The fact that you don’t have to time it.
 Great product, easy to use
 Very inconsistent cooking.
 My wife loves it and was skeptical at first.
 It does a great job of making hard boiled eggs
 Very small hope it will hold 6 large eggs
 Easy to peel
 Totally awesome! I didn't even know such a think existed. It makes making any kind of boiled egg so simple, quick and clean. I'm loving this thing!
 Works perfectly
 Worked as designed but have not tried to soft boil yet.
 Wow. Super simple, fast, and efficient. I don't have to use as much water an African village has access to in a day to soft boil eggs.
 Easy to use
 Easy to use
 Great little appliance!  Cooks perfect hard boiled eggs every time!  Love it!
 Easy simple clean design
 Perfect egg every time!!
 Love it it works perfect
 love love love this - so fast and such a easy clean up!!
 Love this product!  After I got mine, I gave 3 for Christmas presents and they love it too!!
 Greatest kitchen gadget I own! Cooks eggs perfectly every time. The shells does not get stuck to the egg. Peels right off! Just love this!
 Good price
 This thing is amazing. Love it.
 Favorite kitchen gadget!
 Perfect for soft boiled eggs to hard.
 Very easy to operate, excellent manual provided. Makes hard boiling extremely effortless and comes out perfect
 Very impressed with ease of use and eggs come out fantastic!  Last night I steamed broccoli in it and that came out fantastic as well..
 I received mine with some part broked
 So cool! This is magical! All u have to do is peel eggs and they are so easy to peel!
 perfect hard boiled eggs with no fuss. It does more than hard boiled but worth it for that alone.
 Too easy!
 Excellent
 This is a god send makes eggs perfect all the time thanks you
 Top broke after one use. Would not buy again.
 So happy with my purchase! Makes the perfect egg.
 Love this egg cooker!
 amazing cooker
 Love this little effective cooker 💟
 I am sending mine back, for two reasons. 1) My eggs are constantly undercooked, i.e a hardboiled egg is runny and a softboiled egg is somewhere between raw and lightly poached. 2) The alarm is...unsettling. It’s extremely loud and sounds aweful like a smoke detector, and it woke up my family couple of times I tried to use it early in the morning. If you have small children, elderly, or pets in your home I would seriously resonsider getting this.
 I like this and it works well. The little blue light doesn't work.  We figured it out but we had opened it up and thrown away the packaging before we noticed it. I may have to order another one.
 Love it.
 Perfect hard boiled eggs every time
 Best way to make eggs
 I love this little egg cooker!!! I even travel with it because it is so small!
 This little thing works great! Very satisfied so far.
 best way to hard boil eggs and be able to peel off the shell without taking half the egg.
 Like it
 Wish it had auto off when done.
 It delivered really fast and looks really nice. Thank you.
 Excellent, really happy I purchased this cooker.
 PRO cooks quickly and evenly and eggs are easy to peel.<br/><br/>CON the on/off button no longer works. Only lasted about 6 months.
 Works great! Super quick and easy.
 It is easy to use. I like it though the alert voice is little bite aloud.
 Use this all the time, really makes it quick and easy to boil eggs, and not forget about them! The  buzzer doesn't turn off until you are there to push the button!
 We have chickens, so lots of fresh eggs. They peel so much easier using this!
 Wish I would of bought bigger one
 A++++
 i liked the product
 The handle was broken when I got it in the mail. Works though.
 Great
 Great
 Do Not Buy This Egg Cooker!  I bought an earlier version of this same model and loved it.  Unfortunately the old model got damaged so I chose to "buy again."  I thought I would receive the exact same model, but the new cooker I received had several changes from the old model - the power cord is thinner and longer, the lid now has a locking feature (which the directions tell you not to use), and worst of all, there is now a VERY LOUD, VERY ANNOYING buzzer alarm that sounds continuously once the water evaporates and the cooker shuts off.  You must unplug the cooker for the alarm stops.  The alarm sounds very much like a smoke detector alarm, only just a little bit quieter.  However it was still loud enough to wake up everyone in the house!<br/><br/>Dash - please go back to the buzzer-free model and I will be your customer again.
 This works great. Plug it in, add water, push the button and 12 minutes later, perfect boiled eggs.
 I love my egg cooker!! So easy! So quick!
 Easy
 One of the best products came from science. I love it.
 Worked exactly as it said it would! Perfect hard boiled eggs :)
 I use it daily and it’s incredibly sturdy!<br/><br/>Love it!
 I love it, but good lord is the buzzer alarmingly obnoxious.
 This is the neatest egg cooker I have ever owned!
 Gr8
 Where has this been all my life? prepares boiled eggs in a jiff.
 hard boiled eggs
 Cooks eggs great. Easy to peel
 It does the job for the price!
 Highly recommend
 Awesome purchase
 Cooked eggs fast
 I love this, makes perfect hard boiled eggs. Always easy to peel. It's just easy to use. Wish I would've purchased this sooner!
 👎
 Great egg cooker! Actually the best one. I have purchased as gifts for several family members, as well as recommended to friends who have bought them too. Everyone loves it. It's practical, directions are simple to follow, easy to use and super fast. The water cup is easy to read and measure out the right amount of water to be added for the perfect results that you like (soft, medium or hard). I eat eggs everyday as part of my healthy eating regime, so having a cooker like this makes boiling eggs a piece of cake. The best feature is auto shut off, so I can get ready for work and not worry that my eggs are over cooking. I have owned other egg cookers prior, without auto shut off and kept over cooking my eggs. Not to mention I was always worried about burning, over heating or possibly starting a fire. One other thing that is awesome if you make deviled eggs often. You can make deviled eggs in a snap, vs waiting forever for water to boil, not to mention having to stay near the stove to manage the whole process. Overall. if you are interested in a egg cooker, this is the best one for you.
 Ok
 No owners manual with product
 Easy peeling eggs in no time.
 Love it quick easy no hassle!
 I almost use this egg cooker daily. It was great to boil eggs and with in no time. i love it
 Christmas gift
 Best purchase! Made my wife's life easier.
 Worked great, easier to peel
 So easy my fiancé can do it!
 Quick and easy
 Works perfect!
 super easy to use and eggs come out perfect
 Shells stick a lot
 Very quick &amp; perfectly cooked
 Love love love! Makes perfect medium boiled eggs. Could never do this on the stove. It only makes 6 eggs at a time. I wish I would have purchased the one that makes 12 eggs at a time.
 Quick cooking, easy to clean up. My son is very happy with this egg cooker.
 Love it.
 Love it, eggs are so easy to peel, perfect everytime.  No more green insides, perfect yellow everytime.
 I love it
 Works awesome, so much easier than hard boiling in a pot
 Poached the. Whites needed to cook more and large hard cooked yolks needed to be cooked more.
 Works great.
 Great hard boiled egg cooker!  Works well, easy to clean.
 This little gadget is great!! I like medium boiled eggs for breakfast-perfect!! So quick and easy-hardly any cleanup!! Happy!!
 Easy to use!
 I love my Dash Rapid Egg Cooker.
 Works great
 works great
 Easy to use
 Love it!
 these are awesome! perfect eggs!
 Works just like it says.
 Poor quality. The product only lasted four months before breaking.
 I love the way the eggs peel easily
 this little thing works great.
 It’s the best! I love it for boil eggs
 I love my egg cooker! Perfect hard  boiled eggs every time!!
 Highly inaccurate poached eggs were unevenly cooked.
 This product is amazing!!!!!
 Everything worked just like it was supposed to
 Very easy and reliable.
 Very good
 Love it!!
 Have to try it again the first time the eggs weren't cooked all the way in order to see if it's working correctly
 It cooks eggs superfast
 Buenisima
 Fantastic
 Good product.
 Works great
 Perfect eggs made easy
 Love it very practical
 Love it.
 Awesome!
 I like this product very much.
 The noise when it's done is annoying but it turns off automatically so that's good
 Fast easy and compact
 Easy to use loved it.
 I love the rapid egg cooker. So easy and makes perfect boiled ;eggs!
 Awesome!!
 I love love love it. Very very easy. Even kids can do it.
 Love it. Quick easy breakfast and clean up. Pretty sure I’ve used it every day since I received it.
 This is awesome!  Perfect hard boiled eggs without the hassle!
 Works great
 Cooks eggs real good
 The buzzer is so bad
 This is a must have!
 Works great. Every household should have one.
 Lives up to what it promises. Very happy I bought it.
 I love using his at my desk at work. Best gadget ever.
 Great
 Great
 Great product!  So simple, and the eggs actually peel nicely, instead of hit or miss like when boiled on the cook-top.
 I love this egg cooker, it gives 3 options to do eggs. I highly recommend this product to everybody. It's practical and easy to use. Just follow the instructions.
 Absolutely love it. One of my best online buys ever.
 The idea of this item may seem silly but we love it. Every egg is cooked perfectly with no mess.
 Great product.  Love how the hard boil taste using this product.  Would buy again.
 Easy to use and quick.
 Hard boiled was good. Poached eggs undercooked.
 Really easy to use
 Simple, easy and works as advertised.
 Makes the most perfect, easy to peel hardboiled eggs. This is my new favorite appliance
 Small works great
 I love the convenience
 Muy buena calidad
 Makes boiling eggs easy
 too small
 It works very well
 Love it! Works so easily and cooks the eggs perfect
 Works great!  I would recommend this product.
 The egg cooker is an awesome little appliance!!  I make myself a two-egg omelet in 10 minutes or less.  Easy to use. Easy to clean up.
 not working at all.
 Literally the best for hard boiled eggs, super easy to peel &amp; perfect for people who food prep!
 good device cooks eggs fast and they peel easier than when boiled in pan.
 It is everything I hoped it would be! Perfect hard boiled, easy perfect peeling, and it tells you when it is ready. I love it!
 Cooks eggs perfectly!  I make a lot of hard boiled eggs and they cook and peel great.
 None of the features cook the eggs all the way through.
 This is great.  Very easy to boil eggs.  I love it.
 Best hard boiled eggs ever !
 Love it totally
 I bought this specifically to make hard boiled eggs an easier chore and it has met my expectations in every way. The eggs are even easier to peal than the traditional method of making them. Haven't tried any other settings besides hard boiled, so I can't comment on that functionality but for hard boiled this is perfect and very convenient.
 love it
 Great for boiled eggs!
 It works great
 Todo me agrado
 Hardboied eggs
 Works well for hard boiled still experimenting with pouched a little under cooked.
 So bad so bad not even cook eggs
 Easy to clean
 Easy to use!!
 Good product!
 Love this!!!!
 We love it,  fast and clean to use,  no boiling water mess to deal with.
 Amazing product - buy it!!
 We liked ours so much, we bought one for all of our family members who love it just as much. Perfectly boiled eggs every time!
 Cooks eggs perfectly!
 Love it. Very easy to use.
 I followed the directions for a hard boiled egg to the letter several times. The yellow was never done like it was supposed be in the middle. I returned it.
 Poor quality
 Good product
 Working good
 Good product
 I kinda wish I hadn't bought this.<br/><br/>I like its compact size. But I don't find it to be very useful so far. I bought it as a cheater's way to have poached eggs but it never times out right. I've tried using various amounts of water but the eggs are generally under-done. My response to that issue was to leave them in much longer, which of course just creates a pre-peeled &amp; funny shaped hardboiled egg rather than a poached one.<br/><br/>I've also tried hard boiling with the appliance. That went over with fair success but of the 4 that were cooked, 2 were just right and 2 were split open while cooking.<br/><br/>I think this is a good concept and I still try to use it occasionally but it isn't the wondrous breakfast  superhero I thought it would be.
 It's a great thing!  It makes the perfect egg every time and so easy to use.
 Works great, peels easily
 Burned the eggs frequently
 Met my needs very well.
 Works great everytime
 It is so quick and easy
 Easy eggs! Awesome
 If you love hard boiled eggs this is the product for you. Cooker arrived early. Works great. Only complaint is that I just saw the same product at Marshalls for half as much money.
 Too small
 Only used it a couple of times so far, that seems to work perfectly.
 Broil egg
 I have one and gave 3 out for Xmas. They all love it.
 Works as advertised, easy to set-up, easy to clean.
 Efficient, compact no brainer! Works great!
 We love it.  Eggs are cooked just the way we like them.  Highly recommend.
 This thing is awesome. I look for excuses to make more eggs.
 Its good; but cleaning is difficult
 great
 They boil eggs perfectly and they are super easy to peel after being cooked in the rapid egg cooker.
 I purchase this for an office I manage and from day one it has been used extensively...The unit functions as advertised and takes up very little counter space
 love it
 Love it
 Eggcellent product!  Perfect peel every time.
 Love it
 works as advertised. doe's a good job with both hard boiled and poached eggs.
 This thing has changed my life. I love hard boiled eggs and I love that they are a low-calorie source of protein and both my son and I enjoy them. But I HATE peeling them!! I have been using it for a couple months now, and it is seriously one of the best purchases I have made. It is so easy - pour the right amount of water into the base (measuring cup included), poke holes in the eggs (hole poker also included, and the little hole poking device works without cracking the egg), put the lid on, and let it go. The alarm is a bit jarring, sounds like a loud smoke alarm, but I turn it off as fast as I can. I pick up the eggs with an oven mitt or towel and put them in a bowl of cold water and ice. After maybe 10 minutes, crack and peel. They peel SO easily - sometimes the shells just slide right off!! Rarely am I so impressed with a product. You won't be disappointed!
 A++++
 its a nice tool to have but leaks water from somewhere ..i havent figured out how and from where.
 Thanks
 Doesn't work properly at all
 Perfect hard boiled eggs every time. I add just a touch more water than suggested to ensure perfectly solid yolks. You'll have to use a few times to find what works best for your preferences for hard and soft boiled eggs. Remember to puncture them with the included needle thingy to prevent explosions. And be ready for the "done" alarm. It's loud! My only complaint is the smell from the liquid burning on the hot plate. It is brown (maybe from a bit of egg getting into the liquid from the punctures?), SMELLY, and impossible to remove. I'd still highly recommend this though! Fail proof eggs!
 The cooker works well and my eggs are always perfect and taste great. The cooker has stated to leak after using it for about a month. That is disappointing.
 does the trick!
 Cooks eggs perfectly and easy cleanup!
 Love it!!!!quick shipping too!
 Great
 Great product!
 I originally purchased this 12.5.15 but only used it once, maybe.  We were moving and put our household things in storage for several months so I never got a chance to really try this gadget.  Jump ahead to today, January 2017, and I can truthfully say that I love this thing.  I've made both soft and hard boiled eggs with 100% success.  So much easier than the old method of boiling water in a pot, timing it just right, and hoping to get the expected results.  I haven't tried the omelet or poached eggs so I can't review those features, but I can say that I will be making more soft &amp; hard boiled eggs more often knowing that it's as simple as add water, then eggs, cover, and press the start button.
 Perfect eggs every time
 Best $15 I've spent in a long time.  Had perfect soft boiled eggs for breakfast this morning with basically no effort.
 Like
 Bought this to speed up things in the morning. My mother and I both use it at least 4 mornings a week. Easy to clean and makes great tasting eggs. Also very small and easy to store.
 Very useful and convenient cooker cannot find in Taiwan.
 Really happy with this item.  Never used a rice cooker/steamer before, and this one works perfectly!
 It's the best for your buck.
 Product works as described. I would buy it again.  It cooks eggs any way you like them quickly and neatly.
 👌
 Ok
 very good, quickly cooked compare to microwave
 Amazing!!! Works perfectly!!
 I love it!!
 Great little egg cooker!
 We love it. It’s so easy and easy to clean.
 Good
 Great product and fast shipping!
 Easy to use!
 Love it and it is fast
 Works great, poached eggs come out perfect.  This is going in our 5th wheel coach.
 This is the best thing EVER. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
 Easy to use!
 Best in class. cooks perfectly on time..
 It broke after 2 months 😔
 Not impressed
 works great
 This thing is a game changer, it's egg-cellent!
 The product works exactly as advertised!
 Excellent product makes my moms life much easier.
 This product is amazing. It cooks eggs perfectly and always very easy to peel. If you enjoy eggs definitely invest in this product
 The omelet is so delicious.
 what a delight!  I do love it!
 as advertized. good
 Love this little gadget!! Dynamite comes in small packages!!
 Great product, so easy to use and huge time saver!!! We use this cooker at least 3 times per week!!!
 too loud like smoke detector
 This thing is great! If you love and consume as many eggs as our family you must give this thing a try.  It's simple, quick, and makes PERFECT hard boiled eggs every time.
 Like it ..works perfect
 Great  great thing (and what a price)
 Great little egg cooker.
 Works great, good price and quick delivery.  I have made hard boiled, soft boiled and poached eggs.  All come out just right, and easy to clean.
 I love it. Easy to use and no more worry about the water boiling out
 Everything was good except that the piercing piece in the bottom of the measuring cup is missing?
 Use it every day.
 Easy to use, easy to clean; omelette tasted delicious ... boiled eggs were easy to make using this product.
 Cooks eggs perfectly and I would give it a 5 star, with the exception of the super loud beeping sound in the end.
 Excellent
 Love this little egg cooker - I use it all the time!  Easy, fast and great clean-up!
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PRODUCT! EGGS ARE PERFECTLY DONE EVERY TIME!
 Love love love!!! Peeled so nicely and quick
 This product worked well
 I love this gadget as it makes the best soft boiled eggs
 so simple, does it right everytime.  a great product
 OMG what is up with that buzzer!?!?!  We seriously thought we were under attack when that dang thing went off.  You could raise the dead with that buzzer!  This thing is useless as it was needed in the earlier morning while others were still asleep.  That is obviously out the question.  I'll have to think about opening it up and modifying it but you get 1 star for my having to do that.
 Love it! use it all the time.
 Love this guy! Saving money and calories by having eggs for breakfast instead of McDonalds. Highly recommend it. I might even buy one for the office.
 Absolutely awesome. Perfect eggs every time. Not sure what others are saying about the buzzer. Mine just gives a little click when its done.
 Good
 Fantastic! Best eggs I have ever had!
 I LOVE LOVE LOVE this Egg cooker. Eggs come out perfect everytime. The best tasting Hard Boiled eggs I've ever had. Smooth and creamy centers firm whites.  Other reviewers mention that the timer is loud. It really isn't that bad. I can see how it could startle you if you are standing next to it and not expecting it but honestly equal to an alarm clock. My only regret is that I didn't order the larger capacity one, because they are so delicious I am constantly eating them. But it only takes 12 mins to cook so I just do 2 batches in a row. Very compact and easy.
 works great for cooking hard boiled eggs! much faster than making them on the stove. And I love that it comes with an egg piercer!!
 Cooks eggs quickly and completely
 This thing is Great!
 I suppose with will hold up.  I don't use egg cookers a lot.  My first run with this unit was not impressive.  First of all, it is TINY.  Much smaller than any egg cooker I've had in the past.  The egg poacher is pathetic, but I really use that.  I tried soft boiled eggs.  Once the eggs were done I had a heck of a time getting it open.  The steam hole is positioned so I got burnt. I had to really pry the lid open.  Even after all that the eggs were slimy...not soft boiled.  I will have to play with it a little I guess.  I think it will suit my needs for now.
 This product is so great. Easy to use (to say the least), no mess to clean. Cooks quickly and perfect results with whatever you choose to do.
 Handle was broke
 Works really well one less thing to worry about in the morning.
 I'm eating so many eggs!
 Great product
 I loved it before it died after two month. I used it about 3~5 times a week. It means after 25～40 times using, it might die.
 Pretty neat little cooker<br/>Buzzer sound is insane
 wow.. it’s fast and clean. I’m very happy to use this.
 I love this egg cooker because it does the job and it is so easy to clean. It looks so pretty sitting on the kitchen counter. The hard boiled eggs turn out perfectly.
 Excellent purchase
 Easy to use and saves on energy
 LOVE IT! I just used earlier here at work. I put 3 eggs and it cooked perfectly! Thank you Dash Go!
 LOVE THIS!  So easy to use, and super quick!  Can have fresh egg salad sandwiches within 20 minutes from start to finish!
 Simple to use and makes perfect eggs
 We only use it for hard boiled eggs, so I have no other feedback. My wife eats a pair of them every morning before work.<br/>For that it is great. I follow up cooking the eggs by putting them in an ice water bath, and the shells trivially peel off.<br/>The only complaint is just how annoying and loud the alarm is. I need to warn guests so that they don't freak out.<br/><br/>Cleans up and stores easily and quickly. I love it.
 Awesome! Makes an easy peel hard boiled eggs everytime!
 Time saver. What can i say, its a 10+.
 good but easily becomes dirty
 works perfect, set and forget
 This is very good  egg cooker
 Great product
 This is an awesome egg cooker! Super easy to use and clean. Highly recommend!
 Easy to use. Eggs tasted great.
 Works as promised, clean easy to use and makes my daily egg consumption easier to prepare.
 I will never boil eggs again!  This inexpensive egg cooker is perfect.  The eggs are cooked just right and so easy to peel.
 This little kitchen gadget is just perfect. Boils up to 6 medium sized eggs to whatever doneness you prefer. I like my eggs medium and it has not failed me yet. I have also made poached eggs and omelets in it with least amount of oil used, just a tiny bit of cooking spray on the provided dish so the eggs don't stick to the surface. I have been using it daily for the past month. Clean up is easy, the dishes and the rack are dishwasher safe and I clean the bottom plate with a little bit of distilled vinegar and baking soda once a week.
 This makes cooking hard and soft boiled eggs quick and easy. Easy clean up, doesn't heat the kitchen. There is no worrying that you have cooked the egg enough or to much.
 perfect eggs every time!!
 perfect, and fast delivery !
 Awesome product. Hard boiled eggs will exactly 15 mins.
 Best hard boiled eggs!
 Works awesome. Eggs cook perfectly and quick.
 best gadget in my kitchen, it's definitely my life save...love it!
 Not a nonstick surface, and can't use x large eggs. Eggs come out best if they are room temperature.
 Love it, works just like expected. Except the alarm sound is terrible, couldn't be worse.
 Works great for hard boiled eggs. Only issue is having to ass more water to let the eggs finish cook.
 I bought this egg cooker because of the glowing reviews - how could it go wrong?  The ultimate goal of this cooker is to cook eggs correctly given correct instructions.  Since receiving this cooker, I have cooked a dozen medium eggs: Soft (well, not intentionally), medium, hard boiled and poached.  For every setting, the eggs were completely under-cooked.  I just did two poached eggs, and the results are the reason why I am writing.  I used the exact amount of water specified, when the buzzer went off, I looked at the eggs and could see immediately that they were runny.  There was no firmness whatsoever to the egg white, but the yoke at least was heated through.  While edible, they weren't anything I would want to serve to my family.<br/><br/>Regarding hard-boiled eggs, they were unevenly cooked, between medium-boiled to almost hard-boiled.  Medium-cooked eggs were pretty much soft-boiled - like an egg you would chip off one end of the shell and eat in an egg cup.  At this point I decided it unwise to cook a soft-boiled egg, given the exhibited performance.<br/><br/>The only reason I'm not sending this back, and have given it two stars, is that I can add more water (amount has yet to be determined) to get the eggs cooked to the proper doneness.  Hey, it's a $15 item - you takes yer chances, right?
 It's so easy to put a couple eggs in and get ready in the AM.
 We moved and never opened the unit - worked one time but won't come on.
 It's a gift, so I really don't know yet.
 doesnt fit super jumbo eggs but you cant beat it for no muss no fuss hard boiled eggs
 Great little egg cooker. Love it. Finally, hard boiled eggs that are easy to peel, and very convenient to use.
 Works great! Don't forget to "shock" the hard boiled eggs in cold water and ice and then peel immediately.
 AMAZING
 Use it everyday
 works well
 Very easy to use. Wish I had ordered sooner. Able to make a 3 egg omlet with cheese in 5 minutes! Works excelent
 Works great, only wish you could do more than 6 at a time.
 Best idea ever!
 Amazing! By far the best purchase I’ve made in a while!
 AMAZING, easy and works perfectly!!!
 it is not that loud. works great!
 Quick, easy and perfect hard-boiled eggs.
 one of my most favorite purchase EVER!!!! Never "bad egg!"
 works great !!!!!!!!
 We use this cooker everyday to cook eggs for breakfast.
 This little, super affordable, miracle machine has totally changed my family's attitude toward hard-boiled eggs.  It used to be a looong, water-wasteful undertaking to boil a large pot of water, guess at whether the eggs were cooked well enough (but not over cooked), pluck them out of the hot pot and either involve another container or individually cool each egg, only to find that not only were the eggs a pain to peel (often taking big chunks of the white with the shell) but that they were inconsistently cooked, depending on where they'd been in the pot.<br/><br/>With this device, you puncture the eggs with the included poker (cleverly calibrated so that the poker's depth is uniform), put a splash (seriously, what is it, a half cup?!) of water on the heating surface, put the lid on, and plug it in.  Fifteen-ish minutes later, when the unholy summons rings through your soul (as others have mentioned, the "done" signal is amazingly loud and jarring  but, I must say, an impressive steam-powered display of acoustic savagery]!), you unplug the machine, count to 60, remove the tray in which the eggs rest, and run cold water over them.  Every batch we've cooked so far has turned out with consistently completely hard-boiled eggs (though there are directions for lesser cooked types as well), that peel easily.  Now that it is a breeze to cook a batch of eggs, we're actually considering making egg salad and deviled eggs instead of just eating them plain (something we did a lot when it took so much work to boil eggs the old-fashioned way)!<br/><br/>Buy this for yourself and all of your friends and family that enjoy hard-boiled eggs; unbelievably impressive!
 Messy free way to make eggs.  I only wish it was quicker to boil eggs.
 Outstanding
 Hard boiled eggs are perfect every time. Whether they are old or new eggs they peal perfectly. Best product I have for my kitchen
 This thing is great! So useful and eggs turn out PERFECT every time. Everyone in my household is hooked.
 It is the perfect eggs everytome with no hassel.  Like that it turns its self off
 Huge time saver and cooks eggs perfectly!
 i will never boil eggs again cooks them perfect every time love love love it!!!!
 Perfect, just what this non cook needed.
 Great..makes perfect had boiled eggs...
 the buzzer is so annoying!
 Excellent!  Simply love it.  The most useful kitchen appliance I ever had!
 Purchased as a gift for my mom.  She used it within minutes of opening it and loves it.
 Ok
 love it!
 Already broken.
 Sent to my sister-in-law - she loves it! Se easy to peel the eggs!!
 fast  and easy..
 Amazing product
 Love this!
 This contraption is so awesome!!! Perfect eggs EVERY time! And for the price??! Come on it's a must have.
 I ordered this for my daughter to take to her dorm room.<br/>She loves it!
 Have used the egg cooker for the past 7 months and I and my husband love it.  Have made delicious, health eggs every morning.<br/>Have used the pouching dish, the omelette dish and the holding tray. I even used it as a steamer for frozen dim sum and dumpling.<br/>I love that I'm able to walk away, while the eggs are being steamed cooked (so healthly) and will automatically turn off when done to your preference. I do spray the dishes with non-stick spray for easier clean up.<br/>I even place the frozen Jimmy Dean fully cooked sausage patties or links in with the eggs and they steam cook very well.<br/>The only CON I have is when using the cooker to make hard boiled eggs, you must pierce the egg. While the eggs is being cook the egg white will boil out of the hole, like if they crack in the pot of hot water. Can be messy to clean. For me anyway.<br/>I highly recommend this product.<br/>The egg cooker has become as essential to our breakfast meal, as our toaster oven and coffeemaker.
 This product is great!! Boils eggs perfectly in about 6 min
 This is excellent device. I eat eggs all the time and this just cut my time in half with preparation. The eggs came out perfect too.
 Works great, quick and easy.
 Works like a charm
 Nice Egg Cooker and did its job! Only drawback is no automatic cut off power.
 Great cooker . cooks Rapidly . and can calibrate the required softness easily . strongly recommend
 My sister recommend and she was right! Best egg ever. Cooked perfectly and peeled like a dream.
 A lovely egg cooker, the time is short to cook the egg, so save me some time.
 Everyone should have one of these. So easy to peel fresh eggs.
 Awesome
 Sweat.
 A great little appliance.  Does the job and easy to clean.
 i found it to be just what it said it would be.  i am enjoying it very much.
 Works well!  Now if it could just peel the eggs for me:)
 Very convenient and boiler quickly.
 Best product I have ever bought.
 Works perfectly and saves time for me in the morning .
 Great addition to the morning routine. After getting three chickens, we now have a way to make and enjoy all the farm-fresh eggs.
 Yolk stays runny even at Hard setting.
 I love this egg cooker. It does a perfect job with a hard boiled egg which I usually use it for<br/>  The timer is a plus
 Bought this as a gift . Told it works great
 Works great! Love the loud timer....keeps us aware the eggs are done!
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R3I2UC990LNUBL"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91HXN5WdBuS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91bcMBp96SS.png"/> Update: ordered replacement with the same problem...what the heck???... see my video...<br/><br/>This does a great job on hard boiled eggs...replaced my 25 year old cooker. However, it boils over every single time despite pricking each roundest part of the egg and use the cup for the correct amount of water. It seems that the plate only heats on one small part, not the entire plate so I definitely think this one is a bad egg. Hoping seller will replace with one that functions properly.
 This thing works great!
 Easy to use, works great.
 Very reliable. Cooks evenly every time.
 I love this egg maker! We use it all the time! So easy to use and virtually zero clean up.
 Just received and very excited to use! ( I know... get a life!! ) anyway, one of my best purchases, and believe me, I've had MANY!!! This is the neatest little egg cooker ever!!! Made my husband a ham/cheese omelette and it turned out great!! Just the right consistency and portion size! Made hardboiled and they also came out great! Actually had a whole egg(!!!!!) after peeling!!! I highly recommend this little cooker!!! Came quickly, too!!! Thank you for helping to make a busy woman's life alittle easier!!!
 anyone who eats hard boiled eggs on a regular basis should try this product. My son got it for me, and i absolutely love it. It takes the guess work out of how long to cook eggs for the perfect egg. I have not had ONE single egg that was hard to peel. I use it 2-3 times a week and have gotten 3 more people this product, all with great reviews. it is a great convenience and really works very well.
 Best device EVER! Everyone that like eggs should have the Dash Rapid Egg Cooker
 The best, cooks quick, easy cleaning.
 Thanks
 Works great for farm fresh eggs that are usually hard to peel. Shell comes off real easy.
 LOVE THIS!!
 Excellent product. Easy to use.
 Has started to burn my eggs. Not sure why. Still following instructions as directed.
 Just what I wanted and fast delivery.
 Fun and easy. Cooks eggs perfectly every time. Have bought a few as gifts and everyone loves the Dash.
 These egg cookers are great. this is the second one we have.
 Nice to cook hard boiled eggs &amp; peel the shells right off!
 Cooks perfect hard "boiled" eggs!
 I was given one of the Dash egg cookers as a gift. I have enjoyed it and this is the tenth one I have purchased as gifts.
 Great for my farm fresh eggs!
 Nice unit
 quick and easy for boiling eggs.
 Adorable and it works
 This device is awesome. I have already made a couple dozen eggs in it. Not only are they perfectly cooked, but the peelings seem to just about fall off when you go to peel. Even though I have a constant supply of fresh eggs from my backyard chickens, I had stopped eating boiled eggs because I hated trying to peel them and losing half my egg in the process. This has got to be the best $25 I have spent in a long time.
 Easy to use!
 Excellent item!
 Wife loves it.  Used daily with great results.
 Works great and so easy.
 Great egg cooker!
 I love my Dash egg cooker.  It's quick and easy and the eggs are so very easy to peel.
 Great
 We use this little cooker everyday even thinking about buying another for our boat. Don't hesitate on this one!
 Works great!!
 some eggs take quite a while but very very usefull
 Easy to use. Turn it on do other things no need to watch, timer goes off and shuts unit off. Eggs peel easy. Love it!
 Love my egg cooker!
 As expected
 Works great and the hard boiled eggs are always so easy to peel. I love this thing!
 Exactly what I needed at a great price.
 I have 2 of them, both work well. I will say that if you try to do other things besides hard or soft boiled eggs, the eggs will be watery. All of the steam will get on the eggs and make them wet.
 Love this machine. It works great and so quickly. I use it every day.
 My husband loves it, but I still think it's a waste of money. We've had this for a few months now, and while it can boil eggs, the other features do not work well. Not sure if my husband was trying to make omelets or scramble eggs, yes, I couldn't even tell what it was suppose to be. Anyhow, as highly as he always speaks of his awesome egg cooker, while he was making breakfast, I went to shower, came out, and the eggs were in the trashcan, and he was cooking on the cooktop with a regular pan.
 Satisfactory, however, TJ Maxx has it for $10.00.
 This thing is awesome! So convinient and works like a charm
 Love being able to easily steam veggie and poach eggs quickly!
 Always unsure of how long to cook eggs and this item solves that problem. Following directions carefully is important - making sure the more rounded end of the egg gets pierced is important. Also be aware that a slight crack in an egg will result in a mess.<br/>Some reviewers have mentioned the water reservoir gets a dark film. This is definitely true. It happened to mine after using the cooker 3 times and as others mentioned it cleans off easily. I just used a Scrub Daddy.<br/>I haven't tried making an omlette or poaching eggs yet.
 Used dirty item delivered
 Works grate!
 Seemed frivolous but use it constantly.  Works perfect
 Before Barack leaves office, he should make it law, every kitchen is required to have one.
 Quick and easy hard boiled eggs.
 Really small
 Poached eggs need more time than the instruction booklet indicates
 Wonderful, time-saving, and very simple to use.  Purchased as a gift for elderly mother.
 A wonderful tool for breakfast
 Works well
 Love this egg cooker! It makes the perfect poached eggs and now hard boiled eggs are so easy to do!
 Easy to use and quick too. But needs regular  cleaning.
 It was great and 3 friends bought one for relatives!!
 It’s good but it’s alarm is too noisy!
 Works great.
 Fantastic little gadget to make eggs quickly and evenly! So happy I purchased this!
 Works perfectly.
 Really good, multiple function, and easy to use.
 This thing is awesome!  Annoying buzzer but otherwise great.
 LOVE this so far!! We use it everyday, multiple times a day.
 The cooker is very easy to use and eggs are cooked to the desired preference following the directions.
 Great product.
 Love this thing
 Don't know why I didn't buy this sooner.  Works great!
 I like it and use it often.  It does what it says it will do.  Makes preparation easier.  Less mess
 great little product.  Love our little Dash Go to quickly boil eggs.
 Great product.  Does eggs right.
 It's very easy to use. The eggs come out perfect every time
 Broke a month later
 I really like this little machine. Makes it a breeze to have hard boiled eggs for my salads and deviled eggs. It steams the eggs with very little water.
 This was a gift for my mother.  She loves it and I love mine!
 You can tell this egg cooker was designed from the ground up by an engineer who wanted to solve the problem of how to most efficiently cook an egg.
 Perfectly poaches eggs
 Works great!! Perfect eggs!!
 I've used this about 5 times so far by the directions.  After the very first use, the build up (which looks like rust but it is not rust) appeared.  That's con #1.  Con #2 is the alarm that sounds when the eggs are finished sounds like a smoke detector!  It's horrendous and disturbing.  Why not but a moderate beep or something?  The alarm is disturbing.  Aside from that, it cooks the eggs great every time; I've used hard boiled and poached so far and it's great each time.
 Works perfect every single time!
 So simple
 Excellent
 Nice
 It shuts off before eggs are hard boiled.
 Loved it so much we purchased another for my sister
 It's quick and easy to use.
 Awesome! I highly recommend this product !
 Love! Made perfect hard boiled eggs. Peeling was also very easy.
 I love my dash egg cooker.  I use it most days.
 This egg cooker works like a champ! I would highly recommend it.
 very good product like it
 works great
 What can I say? This thing works like a champ. When making less than 6 eggs, it sometimes didn't produce the exact results I wanted (hard boiled), but it was always close. When cooking 6 at a time, they always turn out perfect . I haven't bothered with the poaching or omelette trays Sonu can't speak to those. I do have to clean it every time as dark stains appear on the hot plate (they tell you this may happen), but it's easy to clean with some vinegar, water, and a pinch of kosher salt to scrub.<br/><br/>I love hard boiled eggs for all meals, but never can get consistent results boiling them. This thing gets it consistent every time so we always have eggs on hand now.
 Works great! Easy clean up too!
 Works great. Awful alarm sound
 Bought this for my two grandsons going back to school. They are sharing an apartment near school. This helps out on their cooking. The eggs really peel much easier than actually cooking the eggs on the stove. Plus, you can do six at a time and keep leftovers in the fridge for later. Making sandwiches or adding to a "tuna" salad. I already own one and I find it works great. Only con is the finish "alarm" is too loud, but other than that, it is a great product.
 Made the eggs so easy to peel
 The bottom is starting to burn but overall I like it.
 Perfectly cooked hard, medium or soft boiled eggs each time!
 Everything else is nice but the buzzer won't turn off after some time.
 Work very well
 works perfect and fast
 Great product, saves time and cooks the eggs perfectly.
 Makes excellent eggs in very little time.  Easy cleanup!
 I love it. So quick &amp; no time waiting for the water to heat up and no pots to clean. It is great.
 Didn't work.  Water boils too quickly
 I love this product!! It works!!
 OMG this is a miracle egg cooker.  Perfectly cooked eggs and so easy to peel.
 I love this and use it every morning!
 Great product
 hands down the best kitchen gadget ive purchased in quite a while!
 so easy! perfect hard boiled eggs....i'm in love with this little thing.
 Thanks
 Fast and easy to use!
 Great product.  Eggs were easy to cook and delicious
 Great addition to any kitchen
 Easy to use and works exactly as I expected it to do.
 good egg cooker
 Best random purchase ever!
 Love it.  Makes great soft and hard boiled eggs.
 So glad to finally have a product that makes an egg easy to peel!
 Great item we use it all the time! Super easy to use!
 Quick easy to use
 This is the handiest little gadget for quick egg salad. Shells just peel off!!  Fantastic!!
 Makes perfect boiled eggs, with hardly any effort
 Best gadget ever! Fun to use and affordable for all!!
 Great product works just as seen on  T.V.
 the siren sound can be, and should be more pleasurable.
 Mine worked once then it not working anymore , it's not turning on anymore. Can anyone tell me what to do?
 Love, love, love this egg cooker. Nice and compact, easy to use, perfectly cooked eggs, AND they peel like a dream,
 it made the best hardboiled eggs!
 Use it a lot. Very easy to use. Great eggs!
 This arrived today and I was excited to try it out.  Unfortunately, it's not worth all the hype.  This looks like a fine little appliance, but no matter what I try, I can't get the thing to cook an egg all the way through.  The centers are always soft.<br/><br/>Boiling an egg for 10 minutes on the stove usually does the trick.  Granted, with the Dash Go Rapid Egg Cooker, you don't need to wait for the water to boil, but the process (from pushing the ON button until the buzzer sounds) is about 12 minutes.  Then there's a recommended cooling procedure (the standard rinse-eggs-in-cold-water deal).<br/><br/>The unit includes a nifty measuring cup: the more water you add, the longer the eggs will cook.  I even overfilled the Cooker, stretching the cooking time, and left the eggs in after the buzzer, so they'd steam a bit longer.  It didn't seem to make any difference.  All of the little trays included an the rack that hold the eggs all fit inside really well, so that was nice!<br/><br/>And let's talk about the buzzer.  I was worried I wouldn't be able to hear it.  NO ISSUES THERE!  Does it really need to be as loud as ALL of the smoke detectors in my house combined?  And does it need to have the same panicked scream?  Holy cow, I nearly came out of my skin, thinking the place was on fire.
 makes the best darn hard boiled eggs I've ever eaten.
 Very handy.
 Doesn't work
 This is great and is used often. It makes boiling eggs a piece of cake!
 Best egg cooker, no more guessing when eggs are done!
 Works great! Love it!
 So much easier that the traditional way and very simple to clean.  Always 100% cooked correctly
 Wowza, this is great!  I have never had such perfect eggs.
 Love this egg cooker!
 Use it 3 or 4 times a week love it.
 best way to make boiled eggs
 Worth every penny.  Love it!
 Perfect eggs
 Love it!
 I like the fact that it is compact, and the speed which it cooks.
 Great product! I Would recommend to my friends.
 This product used in my kitchen every day, sometimes twice a day.
 Easy cooking eggs
 Not good
 Time saver, works grear
 Works Great!
 Works great!  Love it.
 Cooks eggs perfectly!
 I am single its great for me I love it
 I had to return this product the day it arrived.  It didn't cook the eggs properly.  The instructions seemed pretty straightforward so I don't know if I got a defective unit or what.  It was very disappointing, especially after seeing so many positive reviews....
 Cute color and works fine!
 LOVE IT!! Simple to use and it works!!
 My whole family uses this egg cooker.  Great item.
