Great mattress and price!
Firm but very comfortable!
Nine Mattresses Later, It's The Winner (Updated)
Not like any other memory foam mattress
Buyer Beware! Only lasted 9 months
Wow! What a Mattress!
Incredible Customer Service On a Return
Great price, but can definitely feel the need for a transition layer for this mattress
The Best Bed & Oddly The Least Expensive
Amazing return policy
Buyer Beware - Back pain in only a couple of months
It was good for about 6 months
Fabulous! Comfort, pressure relief for knees/hips, and enough firmness for my back ~ Seriously Amazing bed
My Second One!
Not for us...
Look no further, you've found it - the perfect mattress
Poor return process that makes it impossible to return
Bad Decision in a Box
Perfectly supportive and worth every penny
Sleep Wanted: Why I Chose the Tuft & Needle Mattress
Mixed feelings...
After 2 Years of owning it, back pain is too much for us
I wanted to love Tuft and Needle, but I can’t
Giant depressions form
We ordered this mattress based on all the good reviews on it
We believed after reading so many reviews of alleviating the aches and pains that come from sleeping on a bad mattress that we were finally on track to blissful ...
This mattress is NOT firm and is way TOO SOFT
High hopes, road bumps, and a happy ending [Updated]
Gave me back pain, refund was almost no hassle at all
Saw their review count and thought "this must be great"... then I slept on it
One year interval warranty claims. To the exact date.
It's an okay mattress but good trial policy.
Product Varies
IN PAIN THE ENTIRE TRIAL PERIOD!  DONT GO THROUGH WHAT I DID
My sleep has been interrupted every night and I toss and turn endlessly as I can't get comfortable. I'm a side sleeper and my shoulders
Not a good mattress for me, this mattress lacks back support.
Worst bed ever!
Too "spongy."
I was so excited for a new bed and the ...
One year later, it’s not good.
I wanted to love this mattress
Too hard regret not returning it
All the research in the world can mean nothing.....
Disappointed and sleepless.....
Not a long term mattress
very, very firm. not comfortable
Horrible for back sleepers.
Great initially, then it will mess up your back!!  DO NOT BUY
Too Firm For Us
This was the worst mattress I’ve ever had
There is no such thing as one firmness fits all. (Too soft)
In long term I hate it.
Don't waste your money
It's a little firm for my tastes (I'm a side-sleeper) ...
Support breaks down in less tgat a year
Extremely hard mattress. Wake up every morning with aches and pains.
Owned for 4 years- it’s good until it’s not. And then it’s really really not.
Did not like. For my back
Too hot to handle
Like Sleeping on the Floor. Extremely Hard.
2017 after suffering with the worst case of sciatica
Hot as Hell
nice firmness, nice motion isolation.  But sleeps too hot, and back pain worse.
Very comfortable and well made but somewhat hot
Great for those that like a firm mattress
So Disappointed and Second Tuft & Needle Purchase
Most side-sleepers should stay away
Wake up HURTING every day!
Actually returned mine, but still giving 5 stars
Over a month afterwards: I love this Mattress!
First impression A+
Perhaps I have a dud?
Firmer than previous mattress but getting good sleep
Finally - good night sleep - purchased two Twin XL's vs. a King Size - Excellent service on helping with my wife's side hardness
We pretty quickly decided this thing was staying.
Get it! Worth every penny!
Memory Foam Topper Made a Difference for Me...
too hot ... too hard ... avoid
Supportive but hot
Incredible mattress at an even better price.
too firm for my liking.
Dont let the price fool you.It can be the best mattress you ever slept on
Like sleeping on a rock.
Support that yields to you...  maybe...
NOT for Side Sleepers!
DO NOT BUY. I want my money back.
Bad for your back
it's a great mattress which seems to cover the spectrum of comfort ...
DO NOT BUY THIS MATTRESS -
Mattress is firmer than others that are Medium.  Poor customer service.
Beauty & the Beast: Online Mattresses for couples who are different sizes
Excited for some Zzz
Bought for spine problems
It would appear to me that the numerous good reviews are from folks under 40
Toxic, maybe a little bit less than others... but still toxic
You get what you pay for and I paid $600 for the worst mattress over ever owned
Just sharing first impressions
Very very happy
Sleep pretty well.
Superb, wonderful, awesome!
Great company. M'eh bed.
I'm not as happy with this bed as I thought I would be
Very nice mattress, just not right for me
I love this mattress
Just Amazing!
Back support not there anymore
The reviews are good only because of the return policy! Mattress sucks
Finally I sleep through the night...firm yet soft and supportive LOVE
Updated title: We're Satisfied
Back problems beware
Good For You, Not For Me
I would advise to order directly from Tuft & Needle
Quality Mattress that has helped our backs a bunch
Too soft on edges.
This bed is best for back sleepers, who want a firm bed.
NOT for everyone!
Too soft & hot - Amazon will not pick up mattress for return
Sooooo hot and I'm not a hot sleeper...
Loses its supportive integrity too quickly
Best Rest in the West
Back pain, shoulder pain--awful buy
Strange company name, excellent product!
This mattress is very firm, very firm ...
The Long Awaited TN Review! Well? Great Mattress!
because it was just as described and is a fine mattress. However
I’d get better sleep on the floor...
After 20 months of use...
Beauty and the Beast!
Great mattress
We went back to the old mattress in the spare room which was a linus purchased from Walmart a year ago (I now love this product)
Best Night of Sleep In Years!
Best Mattress Purchase
So sorry to have to say goodbye!
My 10 inch mattress was only 8 inches.
Too firm
Great sleep, even for a large guy with back problems.
The one big thing that made this horrible for me was the SMELL it has a potent ...
At 72 years of age and severe arthritis, I couldn't have chosen better.
5 stars for gimmick free, amazing customer service.
No Complaints
Way too firm caused so many problems!
Tuft and Needle is a win!
A great option, 100's less than competitors in this class of mattress.  I recommend.
Love it, BUT only with the Tuft and Needle topper
No directions needed  &  No smell!
Does okay
Love this mattress!
Not Bad. great support.
Doesn't ship in box. Be prepared for stains. Also, be prepared for the best night's sleep of your life.
Great price, great sleep and unbelievable packaging
Superb Quality at a more than reasonable price!
but I'm annoyed that I have to deal with the whole return ...
My Back Thanks You!
I’m torn..
All in all, a good mattress - with a few notes
Wow.
DONT BUY THIS: TERRIBLE POLICIES AND DOESN'T LAST
Didnt work for me-maybe it will for you
Undecided right now.  Will update over next few weeks.
After a year and a half...
Firmer than expected.
Too firm for my comfort
We returned ours.
Great Mattress, great price
So Far, So Great
Very firm, source of back pain?
Very pleased.
Excellent Bed; Excellent Customer Service
Two Week Review - Happy So Far
Foam feels good, but mattress wearing out VERY RAPIDLY.
Decent experience so far but lower back pain persistent
WISH I CAN RETURN THE MATTRESS.
Best mattress! Recommend unpacking and letting it rise overnight ...
Not for us, but risk free.  Shipping it back was an adventure!
Perfect Softness, Great Balance of Support and Bounce
Delicious nights sleep .
Great mattress
Great, Great Bed!
Just do it. You won't regret it.
THE MATTRESS IS ISNCREDIBLY COMFORTABLE but It was dirty when I got it.
loved the concept of affordable mattresses without the cheesy mattress ...
Nice and firm, very good night sleep, amazing price for queen mattress.
Best Mattress I've Ever Owned
I don’t get the hype, and I don’t recommend.
The price is great and a way better product
Comfortable Mattress, has Helped with my Chronic Insomnia
Great Mattress/Fantastic Customer Service
Love this bed! Will never buy a standard mattress again.
Very comfortable bed
So happy I went with T&F
Great Mattresses, Great Price.
The best mattress we have owned!
Very firm
Trust Tuft & Needle!
You take 16 years, and what do you get?  Another mattress but this time no regret!
Omg! Wow! Love this bed!
After 5 months.....we LOVE it!
It’s good for what you get but...
I believe this to be one of the best mattresses on the market
Firm but so good for back support
Finally...!
One year in, sleeping on a cloud :)
Not in it for the long haul
WARNING-  IMPOSSIBLE TO RETURN & FEELS LIKE  SLEEPING ON THE FLOOR
Excellent mattress at an even more excellent price.
Mattress too firm for us
Goldilocks Mattress with a few modifications
Not the mattress for us
Changed my life...BEST mattress ever!
Best sleep I've ever had
Great value
Wish I'd bought this mattress 3 years ago.
BEST ITEM I HAVE EVER BOUGHT IN MY LIFE
I think it's good?
comfortable but firm for those with back issues
I gota say I am really happy with this bed
Great mattress, great price. Recommended for anyone.
Just a nice, simple, comfy mattress
LOVE memory foam mattresses- NOT loving T&N
Great improvement over Sleep Number bed!
Tuft & Needle is comfortable and company is easy to work with !
An AMAZING bed for an AMAZING price!! NO GIMMICKS OR BS!! Which is also...simply stated, AMAZING! ;)
Great mattress, packaged well, needs to off gas before use
no complaints so far
So far so cloudy and dreamy...
First Awesome Night's Sleep in 10 Years
First night with no back pain in years!
Decent mattress, so far support is so-so
Absolutely love them!
We love it!
Less than 6 months later the mattress is failing
Love' n T&N
Great mattress! I love it!
I LOVE this mattress so far
Best mattress I've ever owned!
Great Mattress With Only One Minor Quibble
Inner-spring always seemed like a bad design choice, happy to switch.
The box, and product, is very heavy. ...
First foam mattress and perfect for increasing the amount of rest you get each night!
OUCH!! MY BACK!!
Excellent bed.  Don't waste your money elsewhere!
No risk at all to give this mattress a shot
Very happy
Well worth that $600 and wrestling the floppy foam taco into your bedroom. 10/10
Firmer than I expected and I generally like a firm bed.
GREAT Back sleeper mattress.
An impressive nights rest
Almost Perfect
Fingers crossed
Too firm for side sleepers
Quality but why are my arms falling asleep? - 1 week review
Angel babies made this mattress
the best purchase I’ve made in ages
Best matress I've ever slept on!
Best mattress Made
Runs hot!
Doesnt hold up over time
SAAAWEEEEEEET bed!
Wonderful mattress, but.....
Absolutely Worth a Try!
Five-Star Purchase!
I prefer the less expensive choice...
I was very hesitant to purchase this product, especially ...
Cheap and Mezmerizing
The very best night's sleep in a long, long time!
Great Support
Good value. American made.
Wonderful for a year, developed flat spots
Cool, comfortable, & inexpensive  - just let it air out a few days.
sleep right
Best sleep ever!
Great mattress at a reasonable price
Head to Head with Nectar... T&N is MUCH better. T&N is More Comfortable, Has Better Customer Service, and Better Night's Sleep
the perfect mattress
Would give 10 stars if I could
Great mattress. Great company.
For my wife the mattress transition was not easy. She kept complaining about not being comfortable in ...
Sagging and too warm only after a year and a half
I slept thru a 4.4 earthquake, (good thing/bad thing?)
Not very impressed..
Not for overweight individuals
Excellent and honest customer service
BUY IT!!!
All it's cracked up to be
Comfortable but leaves me way too sweaty.
So far we're impressed
Satisfied purchase
GREAT PRODUCT AND GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
I'm In Love With A Mattress!
Awesome Comfortable Great Quality Mattress!  Definitely Recommend!
High Quality - A Must for Lumbar Spine Pain.
Undecided
Best Purchase ever!!
A very good mattress for a steal of a price.
Didn’t inflate right and too hard for me.
Not for side sleepers!!! SERIOUSLY
It was fun just to watch it come alive
BEST MATTRESS EVER
So impressed with this company's level of integrity and customer service (2 years later!)
Exxcellent replacement for old box springs/mattress set
Love this Mattress!
Not too Firm, Not Too Soft, Not Too Hot, Not Too Cold....This is the Goldilocks of Mattresses!
Awsome sleep
Best mattress I've ever owned
life got in the way and I missed the return window so I will put it in my guest room but I think it is possible that I hurt worse now than before
Great memory foam mattress, worth the money!!!
but since then we've experienced the BEST sleep of our lives
This is the best bed on the entire planet
Not firm
Lives up to the hype!
Really Impressed
Excellent product, highly recommended!
Eight months later and still happy
Amazing product!!!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!
I purchased a 14" foam mattress from costco and I am very very happy with it
Won't cure a busy mind.
this thing is AWESOME. I'm overweight and my husband is skinny and ...
Did not fully expand...
I tried
Lost Firmness...gained joint pain.
Absolutely in love!!!!
It's a hard soft!
It’s a great mattress - firm but soft
great ratings. it seems to be firm
After over 1 year, too soft for me
I'm in Love with my Mattress!!!!!  LOVE IT!!!!!!
Love it
Price is not too good to be true, but just the right amount of truth.  Performs as expected.
Good Price and Comfort
A great, inexpensive alternative to a traditional mattress
Been great so far
Poor Design and Poor Quality
Love both of the mattresses we bought!
Comfortable and affordable mattress
Love love love
Tuft and Needle Mattress is a Winner!
Sad story
Tuft & Needle Mattress
Guys - we’ve found the unicorn of mattresses!
Seems defective
College grad is finally a real adult.
Made in the USA
Very comfy, though scary
Love it
Comfortable mattress, but lacks edge support
Pros out weigh the Cons!
Good mattress, but you should know...
Pleasantly surprised
It’s good for the price
Absolutely thrilled!!
Best mattress!
Firm.  Solid customer service. Happy spouse
Nice Mattress!
Delivered in a box and has an odor similar to paint thinner
Excellent!!  A must buy! Worth every cent
... and I were really nervous but we are surprisingly satisfied. We read the reviews like everyone else and ...
Best. Bed. Ever.
Very comfortable!
You'll be so glad you got this mattress!
Almost One Year In
I love my Tuft & Needle mattress
Wish It Was A Bit Softer
I'm so glad I purchased this mattress
We loved it so much
Good Mattress
I cannot say enough great things about this company and the products they sell
Best mattress I've had in a long time!
This is the one after hours of research and 2 months of use!!!
Was Skeptical...
Wish I had bought this years ago!!!!
I like our mattress
Once you go Tuft & Needle, you will never go back.
I like sleeping again.
Best Mattress I Have Ever Slept On Or Owned
Bought in Fall 2016, 2 yrs later and I still LOVE it!
Not to size! Runs small.
I guess even w all the 5 star reviews they can be wrong
Was Expecting More Based on Reviews
Perfect firmness
Transparent Nights sleep on this mattress!
Tuft & Needle is THE BEST mattresses we have ever slept on!
Awesome!
Who died and went to heaven?
Two thumbs up!!! No more back pain
Comfortable
... on this mattress for about 3 months and it's pretty good, I've had no real issues with it
GREAT MATTRESS!
I love my new bed!
We have been SO happy with this mattress
Overrated product — plan to return
Great Mattress - No Problems Found
Anazing
Very Comfortable!
100% USA MADE & Unexpected Quality!
Maybe not the best for the obese
This mattress is extremely comfortable. It took us a few days to really ...
Mattress caused severe back pain.
Firmer, bouncier foam mattress that is a great alternative to a pricier Tempurpedic
I find it quite comfy initially but that pressure points develop in the low lying areas after a short time and the pressure turns to pain and just keeps getting worse until i have to move or turn to relieve ...
Cannot sit on the edge of the bed
Great Product made in the USA
Wanted to really like this mattress but my arms keeps falling asleep when ...
You'll sleep better whether you like it or not
really like it, supports both myself (200#) and my spouse ...
Best mattress I've owned
Wake up refreshed, with less pain
Wow! Great Mattress (purchased more of them!)
Yes it's as good as they say it is!
Love this medium firm mattress!
Very happy
too hot too firm
Sleep Easy
I'm a very picky sleeper and I suffer from bad insomnia. I have to say I was pleasantly ...
... to give this mattress a try and am so glad I did
This mattress changed my life.
OMG!!!!Best bed ever
Great for a person who needs a firm mattress
Too soft and unsupportive for heavier folks
but it does not have great support. I thought this mattress was on a ...
Kool
I bought 2... 10 stars
This is the BEST
Awesome bed! It is on the firmer side but ...
Not comfortable for side sleepers
Great bang for your buck in the comfort department
Can'the say I liked it. The matress was about one foot shorter ...
Fits Adjustable Beds Great Find!!!
Budget friendly and comfortable!
We cannot say enough how great this bed feels
... had this bed for two years and it's been great. It's definitely a firm mattress which I love ...
Super comfortable, comes to your door step...
Great Experience
Sleeps nice and cool
I love this mattress
Lack of structure letting me down...
Way too firm - my everything hurts!
Excellent support and softness, challenging packaging.
now I have hip pain
Great quality, too firm even after 15 months.
Great mattress if you give it a chance
Comfortable so far!
Quick unpack and comfortable
I can say with certainty that I absolutely love this bed
Love it so far, he loves firm, I love medium both love this mattress
We'll see how it goes because it seems like every mattress she's had in the past 20+ years ...
A Quality Mattress Delivered Right To Your Door For A Very Reasonable Price!
Amazing bed!
Took a couple weeks, but now I’m in LOVE!
Allergies
Tuft and Needle has raised my spirits.
Customer service policy change
For my kid - great mattress and price
The bed is super heavy! We got a king
Great Matress at affordable price.
DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT!
I highly recommend this mattress.
Might not be brand new
Couldn't be happier!
Delivered quickly and was easy to set up
To soft for me, others may like it.
Love love love but I wish I could squish it back down to move
3 days of discomfort but worth the wait
I Can Sleep On My Side Again!
Sleeps cool, is soft yet supportive, trial period
It's worth a shot, I love it!
No back support
Packaging was great, unpackaging was a breeze, sleeps well, is holding up nicely. Price was awesome!
I couldn't be more pleased with the quality of my sleep
Great, supportive mattress..Highly recommended!
Like a rock,almost.
5 stars!
It’s a miss.
Still feels new!!!
Too Firm and Sleeps too hot for us.
My husband sleeps on his back usually like a log
Most comfortable mattress
So far so good!
Extremely happy
Great bed, great packaging, great price
Awesome purchase! I sleep like a baby!
Not what we had hoped for
Simply amazing
Buyer beware...no real trial.
Mixed Review
High quality product, even though it didn't work for us. Mattresses are different for everyone.
Amazing mattress, especially for the price.
EVERYONE NEEDS A T&N!
Glad I made the purchase
Can I just stay in bed all day?
It's a really good proportion of soft and firm (not that I'm a ...
4 months later and I still love it! Goldilocks: This one's just right
Sleeping comfortably
Took a couple of nights to get used to it, but a great bed for the price.
Best deal on an "internet" mattress
Slept like a baby (twin mattress)
Comfy and firm but very heavy and a bit larger than our last one
Who knew foam would change how we sleep
Lifechanging!!
1 week in: Back pain and hot spots
Great bed for the value, very happy customer!
1 week in...
size isn't as advertised
A Pleasant End to Every Day
You'll need to like a firm mattress to love this one.
Didn't know I could sleep so well.
Never buy a mattress from a store again
Excellent value
Best bed I've ever had
Bed is comfortable but not as supportive as I expected
Converted Stearns and Foster Old School Spring Mattress Sleeper Here
Great mattress after 1 month of use.  Be mindful if you buy it from Amazon vs. directly from T&N.
Pleasantly Surprised
Two months in and still a great mattress
Real Review,Real buyer, Believe me. You will love this bed.
Princess and the Pea
Subpar mattress, and definitely worst Amazon return experience-- avoid!
Love, love, love
Nice and comfortable mattress
Best mattress I have ever slept on...
I love this mattress!
Too firm for me, but getting my money back was easy
Love how easy it is to get and set up ...
Comfortable bed!
Best Mattress Ever!!
Supportive, give it time!
Amazing quality
VERY happy
Decent mattress, but not a good value
Support & Pressure Points
Too firm for me
We had an inner-spring mattress that we hated. It came with our bedroom set and we ...
Just great
it takes a good week to get used to it but then it's ...
Great.
Don’t get it if you value your back
I don't know why we waited so long...
Zzz Zzz. I'll review this later, just let me keep sleeping for a bit longer.. Zzz Zzz
Inconsistent quality of the mattress foam.
Too Firm - Taking a Gamble
Great matress and pillow.
The hype in Consumers Report is waaaaay overstated about the Tuft & Needle mattress.
Amazing Bed (After Short Adjustment)
so good! I've only slept on the bed for 4 ...
Really great product that just didn't work out for us!
Great comfortable beds - but even better customer service
Help me make it through the night
Comfortable Mattress
Strikes a perfect balance
Great price OK mattress
Good bed at a reasonable price.
Not bad for $600
It took a week, but now we Love it!
Exceeded all expectations
and it was incredibly easy to set up
Comfortbedable
Affordable, quality memory foam mattress
Awesome product at an awesome price
OK company, decent mattress, satisfied. 5/5
Great Mattress
6’4” 200lbs 24 year old. I went from waterbed to Tuft & Needle!
My first foam mattress and it's great! I previously had a SleepNumber bed
Best mattress I've ever gotten and I used to work ...
Great quality!
Good so far
Heaven
I have bad shoulders and my arms go to sleep when I ...
Made in the USA.
Not good for us, But great product overall!
Not what it was advertised as.
Worth it!
and this mattress has me wriggling a lot trying to find a comfortable position and wake up with a minor stiffness
A MUST BUY!
Literally the best mattress I've ever owned
WOW!!!!
Excellent sleep every night with unyeilding firmness
Firmmmm
Best bed I've ever owned...
No chemical smell and SO COMFY!!!
UNCOMFORTABLY HOT BED!!!
My 1st new mattress and am so impressed!
I've been raving about this bed since the first great night sleep
Happy Consumer
Good if you like a soft mattress.
Too firm for me, but likely not for most
Loved it from day one
Best bang for your buck!
Invest in another.  Not for long term use.
Well-made mattress but not as firm as advertised
A very good choice, and has held up well.
Tuft & Needle Full Mattress, T&N...Great purchase
Firm not stiff support, will not disappoint, good value.
OMG this thing is so good for my back
fabulous!!
No back pain
Its a great mattress! Love it
Inaccurate Size - Twice In a Row
Super comfy!
I would give it a 10 if I could. Like sleeping on Cloud Nine.
Good texture and support - lingering smell
High end mattress at a great price!
Very good, the best mattress I have used in the ...
NOT A FIRM MATTRESS!  Do not be fooled by reviews like I was
Instant bed
This is an awesome mattress
Better than I could have hoped!
wow a really great mattress . We love it.
Great...at first.
Perfect
... the bed for a month and so far really like it. We switched from a tempupedic
BEST. SLEEP. EVER.
We love it!
Comfortable
Highly recommend
Amazing and will be buying more of these HEALTHY mattresses!!
Low price and near perfect comfort!
Seems too supportive, even a little Bouncy.
Just delivered. Had 3 weeks
I love this bed!!
Disappointed with Amazon
Five Star Mattress!
It's a bed!
Still awesome after a year. Hasn't lost shape.
Like a black hole...
Comfortable mattress
Decent to Not So Great
Must recommend!!!
Bought two of these via Amazon Prime in late April ...
Very comfortable mattress
Great so far...just came with no installation instructions.
NO LONGER A FIRM MATTRESS
Awesome bed!
Happy to recommend the Tuft & Needle Mattress
Good mattress for cost, but concerned it's getting softer over time
knowing me I'll likely purchase another mattress in the next two to three years but T&N so far has been the best first 6-month mattress EVER
Mattress is not comfortable. Way too firm
unsure at this point
Definitely buy this mattress, its fantastic! Comes with fantastic customer service as well.
Feeling & Sleeping good!
These mattresses are amazing! Arrived right on time
UPDATE: TUFT & NEEDLE ROCKS! - Wrong size mattress in the right box!
This mattress is wonderful!
Luxury for a reasonable price.
but I wanted to leave a glowing review because of your AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE
Great Matteess!
We're extremely happy that we did
Very firm and uncomfortable for side sleepers
Amazing, perfect, instant (really), mattress
Best mattress I've owned
Pleasantly surprised!
Exactly as described
Five Stars
Take a chance
Pleasantly Surprised!
Best Choice
Buy it on Prime Day!
Comfortable firm foam mattress
Great so far!!
Very Fast Delivery, Great Product!
Not if you prefer soft.
Good value
Love tuft and needle!
Would buy again
and feel pretty comfortable in any position I choose
Yep it’s as great as you’re hoping
softer than I thought
Great Mattress!
Great mattresses!
Feels like a cloud
Very Comfortable
Width is lacking by 3.5 inches, too firm
I am super picky about my beds
Exceeds expectations
The first 3 nights my back was sore but that's normal when going from a 10 year old spring mattress to a foam one like this. Aft
Amazing Customer Service
Love this bed
Not as soft as I thought. Top contain only 2 inch soft form.
Your only regret will be not having bought a Tuft & Needle sooner
Back to sleeping in my natural position again.
Absolutely impressed
An AWESOME mattress, especially for the price
Fantastic mattress! Worth every penny!
Great quality, COMFORT,  and value!
Most Comfortable Bed I Ever Experienced
Good for the price.
Nice support
Great company ethics, mattress is quite firm.
DO IT!
Great Mattress !!! I highly recommend it and I was not paid for this review.
Great mattress and great conpany mission
You will ask yourself why you didn't purchase this mattress sooner.
It's okay
comfort and customer service
Excellent buy and very comfortable.
healthy but much firmer than hoped
Excellent choice!  Great comfort and convenience!
Back pain...GONE!!!
Ouch!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!
The last mattress you will ever buy
Awesome Mattress - Even better than I had hoped.
Too hard.
Worth the risk
FINALLY. I can sleep again.
In love after the first night!!
Love it.
Wow....Better than Mattresses Costing 3x as Much
Great ROI
Frankly this mattress is no better than a memory foam mattress that I had before ...
The best around
Quality sleep
Best I have had in my Lifetime (with little to compare to)
Good at first but then...
Not comfortable, too soft, and you have to pay for return shipping with Amazon, but
Most expensive is not always better. Tuft and Needle is the best without spending the most!
A great inexpensive mattress
Good quality, but not good for pressure points.
could not have made a better choice! I know I needed a better quality ...
It's better then a cheaper bed
Exceeded expectations.
Try it all! And finally ..! The bed of our dreams it’s here it’s worth cheap and better then purple .
Back pain and neck pain galore.
Honest Review
Firm and supportive yet very soft on old sore bones !!
Tuft & Needle lives up to the hype!
Best mattress we have ever purchased
Two weeks on it so far and I'm in love. I'm a really big guy and a side ...
Good price, good return policy, great support!
Didn't work for us but good customer service
Great mattress!
So far so good.
Ordered one and now have another on the way!
Amazingly comfortable for everyone in my family
Five Stars
Love it!
Great value for a "clean" mattress
chances are you will love it, if not they have a great return ...
Great for the price! Perfect first kid's bed!
nice and firm without being hard.
Amazing quality for price and free shipping
T&N is doing an amazing job in revolutionizing the mattress business.
Just ok
Good Quality But Too Firm For Us
Give it a chance
Excellent value, quality and great night's sleep!
Serious Back Pain
I'm sleeping better than before, though I wish it were a bit less firm
absolutely love my new mattress
It was good at first but didn't last long enough
Very comfortable, best sleep Ever!
Tuft and Needle sent me a replacement mattress thank you!
I love this mattress!
Love this bed
A different mattress. Very different. But a good kind of different.
Twin Daybed Tuft & Needle Mattress
TOO Soft - had to return
Feel like i'm laying on a rubber mat
Great mattress. I was a little nervous that all ...
That's a really nice bed.
Second purchase Same great bed.
they are also incredibly comfortable. I wish I'd made the switch from innerspring ...
Just Right
Comfy and well made
Love to sleep on this
Helped With Lower Back Problems
Okay but a little too firm for me.
It's comfortable, my cat likes it
I was nervous; it turns out, I didn't need to be. Thanks T&N!
Love this bed!!!
Quality from a box?! It’s true!!
BEST! Seriously...
I love everything the company stands for and believe they are ...
My favorite mattress
Excellent as described.  See write up.
After one-year it still looks and sleeps great!
Excellent investment!
Top Notch Mattress
Great Value Mattress!
I think this is a really good mattress for the money if it holds up over ...
Great Purchase
Amazing value. Great sleep.
The best experience I've ever had buying a mattress
BUY IT! WELL WORTH IT!!!
it also feels like my head sinks in lower then the rest of ...
I have never slept better. My old mattress was pillow top
Great bed, uniform support, and great service.
Ten Stars and Worth Every Penny!
Best mattress we have ever had.
... this mattress a little over a year and absolutely love it. Note
Great buy, would Highly reccomend & the price is great compared to furniture store mattresses.
Great product and great customer service by Amazon
Wife and I love our new King mattress (2x Twin XL)
Develops a dip
Sagging in spots
10/10 would buy again!
Finally a good night sleep.
Defintiely Sleeping Better
If you like a firm mattress this one is perfect for you!
The firm rumor is true.
Highly recommend this mattress
Back pain gone!
For $700 - no brainer.
The best mattress I have ever bought
Became too soft after 2 years and 6month
Extra comfy bed
Best all around bed especially for stomach and side sleepers
Good product, but a bit harder (firmer) than I ...
Great if you have RA...
Great comfortable bed.
Very comfortable
Way to firm.
Superior balance between comfort and support
Replacing others after buying one!
Worth the money
Perfect product + OUTSTANDING costumer service = Magnificent mornings
2 months in and we love it!
It's HARD. Firmness without a doubt!
Firm and comfortable
Great nights sleep, just wish it was the full 10in
O M G DO I LOVE THIS MATTRESS
Pleased with this purchase
Just kept getting better
Sweet Dreams
Like sleeping on a cloud!
Five Stars
1.5 years later & still best mattress ever!  Happy Sleeping!
GREAT bang for the buck
Isn't bad and isn't good just okay, I guess.
YOU might like it
Side sleepers beware
it's great! Very comfortable and supportive
Highly recommend
) It was very easy to set up
Amazing mattress.  This is a very well made product.
Best so far for my lower back!
Love my new bed
Buyer beware!
Superb sleep quality on Calif King
Thrilled with Purchase
So supportive but too firm
Wonderful mattress!
Great mattress
Super value for the money
Four months later, still lovin it.
Not going to work for me.
The bed is not memory foam it was hard as ...
Very Warm & Not Really So Firm After All
Too hard for side and stomach sleepers!
Wonderful
Great sleep at the right price
Good mattress for someone who has back pain
Hurts my back
Great mattress - I paid too much
too soft
If I could give zero stars I would...
Good support but topper required. Still good value
I like very firm mattresses
Great Mattress, Great Value !!!
Really great bed, definitely cooling, comparable to much higher priced brands.
When we got it I was a little disappointed in how firm it really was- however that being ...
Mattress is Firm, not medium firm. Plan for a topper!!
Nice Work!  I'm hard to please and I love it.
Finally sleeping good!
Perfect in All Ways
I LOVE my new bed
Quality Company
Not the bed for me
Best buy ever
One Month In and Absolutely Love This Bed.
Sleep Without Joint Pain
Great mattress for low price.
It's too soft for me
I have slept on it for a week now and I love it! This mattress if money well spent
Great bed in a box
Fantastic
Love at first flop
Mattress too soft
Too Hard for Side Sleeper; Front Sleeper Loves it
If you are 300+ with back pain
Perfection
Wish I loved it...it's just ok.
Too soft, causing back and hip pain
Really disappointed and feel swindled by marketing, feels same as a cheap mattress
First night in a year with NO BACK PAIN!!!
Mattress offers great support but not enough give to allow my shoulders ...
Worth every penny
Fantastic!
I can honestly say that this Tuft & Needle mattress is the most comfortable mattress that I have ever owned
I am happy to report that this T&N mattress is neither
Parter and I both love it, packaging only came in plastic, not a box
Perfect for side sleepers
Very comfortable...
Great Value for a Comfortably Firm Foam Mattress
I wanted to love it, but...
A little Firm for my needs
Holding up perfectly, one year later.
Great mattress for a great price
Comfortable, firm
Look no further. This is the one!  Great company to buy from!
The customer service has been fantastic, from communications early on from Tuft and Needle ...
Mattress had incorrect dimensions
My autistic son will actually sleep on it
Our experience has been great from ordering
Love my T&N
Good quality mattress.
Impressed picky daughter, so I now ordered a second one!
Comfortable mattress for a great price
8 Month Review
It’s a keeper
No thanks
Great nights sleep out of the box!
Do not fall for >4.5 stars
Great couch, terrible for sleeping
For the first time in my life I want to linger in bed in the mornings!
Needs more give
Felt more confident buying online after reading about the great customer service
Way too soft!  Disappointed!
Great Hybrid Mattress
Awful chemical smell
Very Comfortable Mattress
Back pain after a year
Update
This mattress is good. Very comfy and has a surprising amount of ...
Great for Tendinitis and Pressure Point Issues
I will never buy a mattress from a chain store again!
Dont order large items from Amazon
... a chance to get used to and it is nice quality and has been comfortable for me although a ...
Way Too Soft
Still Comfortable After 2 Years
Comfortable mattress
Just when you thought...
Tuft & Needle. My new mattress company.
The bed itself seems to be undamaged and in good shape, so that is the positive side here
and he likes it better than the $$$$ bed purchased earlier in the year
Truly a "best buy"
after the first night we understood what it was like to wake up without back pain
Unpacking was easier than expected
Very sleepable! Or loungeable!
I NEED MORE STARS!
My back started hurting as soon as the 100 night trial was over.
My most favorite aspect of this mattress is that the mattress is ...
... back it has a very hard spot that feels like a 4 foot 2X4
Quick, Easy, Quality
We love this bed!
Does not fit onto box spring well.  It hangs over edge by two to three inches.
Good mattress for the price.
No regrets yet.
Love the cool layer
Just do it.
Love going to bed!
Best bed I've ever had, no more back pain!
I'm getting sleepy just thinking about this bed.
Buy this.
Good mattress for a great price
Bargain
all I can say that it is an excellent mattress, worth every dollar
I do get good sleep though and it has not induced any pain ...
Feels like you are sleeping on the hard ground
A+, Would Buy Again
Would gladly pay twice as much for this...
Perfect for us.
Great for light sleepers
Not for light weight people
Love it !!
At first...
The Mattress from Heaven
Great Company. Great Product
Great for pregnancy
Much former than we thought it would be
Reviews were accurate. Excellent mattress.
Comfortable.....
Comfortable and renewing
Hard
Pleasantly surprised. This one is a keeper!
I have never slept better!
Best bed ever!!
The matess is much “harder” then I expected
Big improvement over traditional spring mattresses
Comfortable it contours to my body has the perfect feel
Really love the company and the concept
and very easy to setup
Best bed I have had, gets the job done
Glad i took the plunge.
Watch the edges !
I cannot sleep more than 3 hours and I wake up with the worst back pain I've ever had (and I used to ...
Might be for you but not for me.
2 months in...
Suggestions?
THIS MATTRESS IS THE REAL DEAL
It's great for the price
People commented that it did not have a smell, ...
... wrote a review before but this bed is that good..
Wonderful mattress that I love
Recommended
First decent sleep in years!!
What a comfy mattress. !!!
Responds well to repetitive motion.
the most comfortable mattress in our house
Best matress ever, all my physical ailments are at piece.
Highly recommended
Best bed I have ever slept on from five-star hotels ...
Too soft
Most Comfortable Bed Ever
Best purchase EVER!!!
Good deal, sleeps well, though quite firm.
It is really comfortable. I thought at first it would be too ...
Quality materials.  Too hard without the topper.
Great customer service, very comfortable
my wife and I have bought several mattresses for 3 times the price and to our amazement this mattress delivers and is the best mattress out of the box that we have ever ...
Great product!
Best sleep!!
Excellent Mattress
I've been searching for a good mattress for years
It is just like the tempurtic (sp) mattress this one replaced
Would not recommend
Good value for the money.
Best Mattress Ever
Less back pain
Thank You Tuft & Needle!
Hard, uncomfortable
Dream Land
Pretty good for the price
Very happy with new mattress.
I unpacked the mattress and left it alone for over ...
Lives up the the hype, not a scam!!
Comfortable but could be a little softer
Love it
Nice supportive and comfortable mattress
Hands down best decision I've made in a long time.
I'm sad to be returning this mattress
Initial Review Packaging from Amazon was HORRIBLE
AWESOME
Had to return
Great Mattress! Highly recommended.
Meh.. just... meh.
Overall a good bed
Great for all sleeping positions.
it is the most comfortable bed we have had
Nearly 2 years in and loving it!
We bought this mattress two months ago and it is amazing! It is firm (which I like) but not ...
It was relatively easy for me to unwrap and maneuver the mattress onto ...
Problems
Comfortable, but sleeps hot
I'm one happy old man.
Instant shoulder and lower back pain
This is a great mattress. Very firm and comfortable
Too firm for me
Great!!
Don't Hesitate!! Buy with confidence!
Great mattress, great price and quality ...
Three Stars
Highly recommend!
Very comfy, great price!
Amazon and Tuft & Needle have great customer service about this
I love the way the bed looks and I wanted to ...
Delightful king mattress
Highly recommend!
It's the perfect combination of firm and soft
Does not last
Just an all around great mattress!
Awesome mattress!
Really firm for a side sleeper
I had purchased this because our old mattress that we bought with the Ikea bed was sooooo not comfortable. I got this T + N based on ...
Wouldn’t reccomend
Memory Foam comfort at a reasonable price
Good Mattress
Good nights sleep
Easy delivery, easy set up
Good mattress, VERY firm
Search no further...this IS the foam mattress you've been looking for!!!!
Initially it was ok but now I find my arms falling asleep and now I can barely get to sleep as it is not comfortable at all
So far, so good!
Best bed we've owned!
Really wish I hadn’t bought it.
love love love love love love OMG love it
Sleeping and waking up great
18 Month Update Still Hard as a Rock
Great price, great sleep experience and speedy delivery.
Great product!
LOVE IT!!
Buy it!
Terrible Mattress but GREAT Customer Service with Tuft & Needle
Perfect!!!
Side sleeper
Sags after 8 months
He's beds are awesome! I have never slept better in all my ...
Sleeping Bliss
Good Priced Mattress But Firm
Great purchase!
Great purchase!
Fantastic!
LOVE LOVE LOVE
I can say with confidence that it gave me the best night's sleep in thirty years
I want one too!
Love it
A bit dissapointed
Will buy again and highly recommend
Thin
Tuff and needed by me!
Hate it!!
The single most uncomfortable mattress I have ever slept on
Great mattress, no bounce, on the firmer side
So far it's great. I did have to put a thin layer ...
I feel like I just splurged on a Black Friday purchase.... the value is amazing! Supremely comfortable.
Great Service - rather soft mattress
Soooo comfy!
It's firm. Really firm. Oh so firm.
Nice firm mattress, best mattress I've ever had...
... bed for two months now and it is still good. I have not had back problems since using ...
it was amazing! A full-size queen mattress I can't wait to ...
Best. Mattress
Decent mattress
Welcome to 21st century sleeping
Too Firm
Way too firm :(
I hadn't truly realized how horrible my old mattress was until I replaced it with ...
but it's been two nights of the best sleep I've had in years
Sleepless in Austin
Highly recommend! Great value and great comfort.
We absolutely love this bed
He says it’s comfortable but, firm which he specified in wanting the ...
Firm as a brick.  No medium support.
Very disappointed, i heard about this mattress from the radio ...
A bit tough for our backs.
... have rheumatoid arthritis and fibromiyalgia and this is the best mattress I have ever slept on
This new mattress lets my body sink in at all the right places but not too much like a memory foam mattress
I can't say enough how much better I have been sleeping on this bed
Comfortable, incredibly affordable and therefore we love it.
Very comfortable
Increases back and hip pain
Not Super Firm
Love it!
Easy set up, great value for the price
well done tuft & needle
It's smaller then advertised as it isn't a perfect 60" X 80"
Absolutely FANTASTIC. This is the first mattress iv bought in ...
Giant Foam Taco Shell
Happy buyer!
Not for Me - Hot & Painful
Hard bed
Very comfortable and works with adjustable base
I absolutely love this mattress
Large Expense/Not A Good Purchase
Back issues after a few months
Daughter loves it!
Different than the queen we bought on T&N
Super comfortable
Lower back pain relief, finally.
Has ruined my back!
Okay for baby makin'
Not as firm as hoped.
Great mattress for the price/ Muscle stiffness improving
Comfy but you lose sleep space...
fine but firm
Keep return policy in mind. Not a bad bed, just very firm.
So far so good, Bought this as an replacement for our five ...
Amazing company with an amazing product!!!
The Wife Loves It
but not great. It’s not firm at all and sags if ...
Lasted a little over 3 years
Great Mattress
I think it was way better after we bought the topper
Good foam mattress for a decent price.
Blissful Sleep
Sleeps cooler than other memory foam mattresses
I could not sleep well due to the strong smell
Difference noticed
It's Hot!
HIGHLY  RECOMMENDED
Easy to assemble
Too firm.
Love my new mattress
Very comfortable
Comfortable
A little firm . . .
I like firm mattresses
Nighty night zzzzz
Lacks Support for Back
Smart Buy Thanks Amazon
i dont have back issues but after the first night my lower back was sore it felt like i was sleeping on the ground it was so ...
One of the most comfortable mattresses I've ever owned
Great Bed - May Not be for Everyone
I love that it came to my door
Over Heating
Extreme comfort in a box
Tuft and Awesome...
Bargain Bed But its the Bomb
In love!
Well-made product, but just too firm for me
King size mattress
It's better and cheaper than anything else out there.
Perfect for Our Needs!
This was a gift to my Son and his wife ...
I have a lower pain and this was rated #1 in Consumer Reports and lots of Amazon customers liked this. At first it was perfect
Not worth the money. Inaccurate Description
Side sleepers beware!
Shipping Problems
We love T&N
Love this mattress
Great mattress, love the price!
Oh my word! This mattress is heaven!
Order it... just do it
first foam mattress vs spring
Good firm mattress.
Can't say enough good things about this bed
Surprisingly great
Very very firm
I really hate to return it but we both woke up with ...
Amazing!
Save your money and buy something better
They LOVE this mattress
I CANNOT RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY ENOUGH
Not right for me
Best investment I have made in past few years
Cozy!
This mattress really surprised me
This mattress has excellent quality but quite firm
Nice New Mattress!
Good price for a good matress
This is an excellent bed for the price
I strongly recommend considering other mattress if you are a person with lower back trouble or have had a surgery in your...
Better sleep at a great price point
Nothing Fancy 😕
Not as good as I thought
Major pain relief!
The mattress is fenominal
I've had sufficient weeks to sleep on this bed to ...
PERFECT.
Not great quality for the long run
Awful!
Highly recommend
As good as everyone says it is
So far so good
Lives up to hype 100%
This mattress has been terrific for a good night's sleep for both my husband ...
Great if you have company that you don't want to stay for very long.
This mattress sucks
Too thin and not comfortable
Lower back pain
100 percent satisfied and wish I'd bought it sooner
The best!
Not much support.
Not a standard queen size matress
I can honestly say I wanted to love this based on reviews and what the company stood ...
The tuff and needle mattress wasn’t soft enough for my fibromyalgia I didn’t want to buy a top
Comfortable but smell takes time to go
Great mattress so far!
Fabulous, simple bed
Awesome buy
EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE
Lower Back Pain
Love this!
My wife likes it better than I do
Five Stars
Good price, great product
Five Stars
worth every cent
I sleep so much better and the bed is so comfortable
Great night's sleep from day one
fantastic mattress with the right amount of firmness/softness
Neck and back support
Aches and Pain gone in just 2 nights!!!!!
Great at first... but after 8 months not so much.
HATE IT
unfurling the mattress is awesome - film it (we should have)
GET THIS MATTRESS!
But I figured for the price I would suck it up and try it out
best mattress I've ever had
it feels like I'm laying on an over-inflated air bed - it ...
Maybe okay for a spare room bed
It's great. It is a tad firmer than I personally ...
Very, Very Comfortable
Great purchase!
Forget going all around town talking to 10 salesmen in Mattress Firm, Mattress Wharehouse, and Mattress Blah Blah Blah...
No waiting hours or days for the mattress to fully inflate
Good night sleep
Love this mattress.
First night's sleep was great, no getting used to it
Great mattress for an amazing price!
Comfort
My opinion after 2 years...
Better than Sleep Number mattresses!
Torture and agony prevailing
The bed of all beds FABULOUS!
great mattress at a good price
Great Product!
Perfect, if you like a firm mattress.
and I absolutely LOVE it. It took about two days for it ...
Excellent  product and outstanding service.
Good Deal on shipping from Amazon
Excellent quality
W Hotel Mattress vs. Tuft and Needle Memory Foam Mattress
I like it.
TUFT&NEEDLE KING SIZE
Best Mattress
One Star
Great Product, Great Price but a little soft.
Absolutely, positively YES!
Incredible! This is the second T&N mattress I've purchased ...
Better than expected
Unacceptable packaging for delivery
Love so far
No More Coils!
It didn’t work for me.
Nope. Horrible waste of money. Won’t last a year
Open item
Ultra comfortable and convenient!
Good Mattress, Bad Buyer - Top Notch Company!
Exactly as advertised.
Firm support and soft feel
Best nights sleep ive had in years. I have a simmons beauty rest in my truck, this one tops it hands down.
Too firm
Impressive Experience
I really liked this mattress but it was just too plush for ...
Best mattress!
Happy Sleeper
As described!
its amazing, we bought a Casper 2 years ago for ...
Great mattress and a great price.  You can't go wrong with this.
A Better Mattress for Better Sleep
Comfortable. Second Tuff & Needle mattress we have purchased.
I am thrilled to say after the first night both my husband and I woke up feeling great. Being "seniors" we have stiffness and ac
If you like back pain, this is the mattress for you!
Sizing is inaccurate!!!
dog liked the taste of it (a long story)
Support for my back.  Needed more firm sleeping mattress.
I LOVE this bed
and get this thing set up by myself pretty easily. Comfortable
This mattress arrived in a nice box. Was easy to roll out and it ...
2 years later and still the best mattress I've ever slept on
I think I love this bed
It’s not for everyone
and look great, but it is FIRM
Love it.
Excellent Mattress
Great Mattress!
VERY VERY VERY good mattress!
... company because of the smell This one is MUCH better no problem at all and very
About a week in so far and really happy with this
Bought this mattress for a family member. He has ...
I love this mattress
Great mattress!  Great sleep!
Sweet dreams
Like floatong on a cloud!
Disappointed. The mattress is extremely soft
Great bang for the buck mattress
100% of our beds are Tuft&Needle
Yes, it is amazing.
Love T&N Bed.  Wish I bought it sooner.
It is without a doubt the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on and have since recommended ...
Loved the Queen so much I got the King version too!
Comfort
I love my mattress
it's all it claims to be.
Comfortable to sleep on  easy to unroll and set up.
The price for this mattress is great. Even better in my case since it was ...
If you like a firm mattress this ones for you
Pretty comfy. It’s a bit firm
Have been having a great sleep!
Best nights sleep!
Great mattress
Best Mattress I've Ever Slept On
very comfortable and I have some serious back issues
Softer rather than firm
For the cost, ABSOLUTELY RECOMMEND!
EXCELLENT!!
I slept better on the first night
It's a good mattress
So far so good
Great value!
Great mattress! Very pleased-This purchase was long overdue but ...
Great mattress, great price, no brainer..
crowned in the middle
Comfort and supporting
Three Stars
I love it so far
Uncomfortable
Great buy!
Caused Terrible Back Pain
Cool Bed
Feels like sleeping on a cloud!
Way too soft. No support
... this mattress a few days but so far so good. A little on the hard side but good ...
Was very comfortable the first two weeks, but developing a back pain
So far
Get rid of your old mattress
She sleeps mucth better on this
Love this bed!!!
The bed itself is not enough.
Comfortable and cool mattress!
Now I sleep too much
A Good Nights Rest
Best Mattress I have ever slept on
The best mattress I've ever had
Nice
Excellent Mattress!
Awesome Matress
Very nice quality matteress
Great Bed
This is the most beautiful foam bed I've seen
LOVE IT! I've never slept so deeply in my ...
Not firm
Great
Great bargain, high quality
Cool and comfortable - best mattress ever
I really like this mattress
Firmer mattress than expected.
I really like this mattress
In love with Tuft and Needle
Perfect for Second Bedroom
Excellent mattress for a good price
Great mattress
Very comfortable, just sleeps a little warm
Liked it so much I ordered another one
i wish it was softer its too firm and ive ...
Very soft and comfortable. It was a change in fe from having ...
Great mattress
LOVE this mattress!
So glad I got this!
Best bed on the market for its price.
Amazing Mattress
Firm and plush is this a magic mattress?!
I love this mattress
Best decision u can make
Very comfortable. I went from a pillow top to a ...
My shoulders were squished into my neck and both hurt pretty bad. Other than that it was comfy sleeping ...
Great customer service but def not a fan of the
It arrived in great condition and didn’t have any issues with its expansion
I like the looks of it but I have not slept ...
I highly recommend this mattress
Smell is the price of foam
So far this bed has been amazing. It's only been about a week but my ...
Better than expected
Product feels just right
Worth every penny.
No More Lower Back Pain
Not good
The most comfy mattress ever!!
Two beds, different feels
comfy!
Very comfortable mattress
Quality build but way too firm
Great buy. Comfortable bed.
Less movement
We purchased a twin mattress from Tuft and Needle several ...
Love this mattress!
Deep sleep, affordable product, comfortable evenings, good for "adult time."
Good mattress for such a low price
Years of lower back pain solved
Really comfortable
Review after 1.5 years
Good but a little hard
Best mattress ever
I'm glad I ordered it.
Heavenly
Don’t buy a mattress without trying it first
First off I couldn't believe the price and the fact that I could order it from my couch and return it if I didn't like it. It's been just a few weeks so ...
Great bed, wish Amazon did price adjustments
I have struggled for some time with the mattress industry trying to find the perfect fit. After days of pondering and reading re
Best mattress I've bought to date. Can't find anything better for the price, comfort, and quality!
Updated: Made in the USA, Inexpensive... AND SO COMFORTABLE!
My favorite bed I have bought so far
fantastic buy, is perfect for a great nights sleep
Fast, Simple, No Hassle
sunk in after one month.
I slept pretty warm and I thought it was more firm than ...
It's like sleeping on a brick
Great price and quality.
Mattress started giving me pain in my upper back, ...
Cradle for your body!
Perfect
Absolutely the most comfortable mattress ever!
Bed didn't have any weird smell like I had heard in some reviews
Disappointed in service.
Very easy to set up
... but I gave it a shot because of the great return policy
I wanted to sleep on it for a few weeks ...
OMG never looking back
Not very good.
Awesome!!
Pull the trigger!
This has been a great purchase; it is affordable
so far really like it. 4 stars because it is a little ...
Sleeping great one year later
Too Firm, but T&N customer service deserves an award!!
Very nice mattress
Very happy with the mattress we selected
Great mattress
Happy happy dance
Will buy this mattress again!
Great product.
Great for me.
Good quality
Best bed I've ever had
... believe all of the ads - the mattress is awesome and holds its form without being too firm or ...
Nice mattress
Better with age
High Quality Comfortable Mattress
Just right!
Love it
Too firm, Back pain
Best Mattress I've ever owned!!
Best Sleep I've Had in Years
Not sleeping well
a very good mattress. Took a couple of weeks to adjust ...
I am in love with this mattress
LOVE IT
while I like a softer mattress and this was perfect for both ...
Super comfy!
Great night sleep
Much firmer than expected
Well made comes direct from the company - unwrap let it reflate cover whit your favorite sheets and ENJOY!
Great night of rest
but it sure is a great product and delivers what it promises
Its been a great mattress for me so far (6months+)
There are no words to describe how amazing this bed is. Don't think about it, just buy one!
Buy through TuftandNeedle.com
3 days since delivery and I have slept like a baby took only 10 mins to reach full ...
Awesome team!
This mattress is perfect. Bought it to replace a very old spring ...
Great
Nice bed but needs to be softer
and I do not realize I am sleeping on foam. Best sleep in years for me and my partner.
Tuft & Needle; BEST Mattress I've ever owned! Skip the overpriced store brands; Sleep like a baby! You will NOT regret! A++++
Great product. Will buy more in the future and recommend to everyone
Tuft & Needle mattress has the best price for a great night's sleep!
I really wanted to like this bed
Amazing bed!!
Wow!
Good if you like firm beds
Works for sleep and other things.
Highly recommended!
Liked the firmness at first
I love my Tuft & Needle mattress!
No support
So easy to setup
but I still love it. I'm going to try a 1" memory ...
Very Firm
It gets better all the time!
New to foam mattresses
After sleeping on it a few nights this mattress is ...
Got to get use to it
Best Maytress Evet
The mattress will continue to inflate for several days and this will cause it to firm up.
Very comfortable!
I love my new mattress
Great Nights Sleep
Five Stars
GREAT BODY SUPPORT!
I love my Tuft & Needle mattress!
4 months later and I STILL love it!
Very firm
A total winner with my elderly mom! Priceless!
Buy it!
Great sleep. Well worth the price
Dont buy
Pretty good
great mattress. very comfortable
Love the bed but it doesn't feel as thick as ...
Pure Love
Sleeping on cloud 9
we like it just fine
Cheap and non-conforming. Go with Casper!
Help need the next size softer bed
and over the last few months it seem like we have to flip the mattress direction due to ...
We've had this for about 9 months now and it's ...
No More Backache
Best mattress ever
Loved the bed from the start
A mattress right to your doorstep
I'm Off da Blow Up! Yay me 🥂😊
Love it
Not enough layers/ great customer service
I have been very disappointed with this purchase
Good quality, a little too firm for us though. Just right with a topper on it now.
Just perfect!
It fits in an average box!
Buy it buy it buy it
Good night
can't get comfortable on the mattress it compresses at the edges of ...
If it smells bad and off-gasses a lot, contact the company for an exchange...it is likely defective!
The mattress is supremely comfortable and my girlfriend who is supremely picky loves it
Awesome stuff
Good product, great price.
WOW- and so affordable for new bedding!!
While the Queen mattress itself is quite comfortable, the edge support is TERRIBLE
Too soft, too quick
However I have tried this mattress out for the past 100 days and I absolutely hate it. Unless you enjoy sleeping on a very ...
Great Mattress
Caution - On the hard side!
Getting this mattress was the worst decision ever
Comfortable
One of the best purchases I have ever made in my life
Great, even for big dudes
Affordable and comfy
I wanted to love it.
Excellent product!
T&N Engineering Delivers
Love our new bed!
Didn't work for my bnb
Purchased this to avoid dealing with a salesman and overpaying ...
Full easy refund, because the mattress wasn't firm enough for ...
Buy
Big Guy loves his T&N
Put it in the guest room
Buy this mattress!
Incredibly Comfortable
but I am so happy with this purchase
If you are looking for the best value, this is your mattress
Bed was comfortable the first week but
Perfect for a big guy who needs the right support without feeling the trapped heat.
Great mattress. Have recommended
Quality seems great. The mattress is quite soft for me
Buy Directly from Tuft and Needle
Great mattress, just needs a little softer top.
Two Stars
Side Sleepers may want to reconsider
First foam mattress
Bed hug?
Great mattress!
Meh. Memory foam is better.
Great mattress
I Love this mattress!!
Great Mattress
I love this bed
Sorry. Seems to be just another bed out there ...
After over a year, it's still perfect.
Uncomfortable
SIMPLY AMAZING !
Cherubs and a prison of foam!
It's by far the best mattress I've ever owned
Good nights rest
This Bed Is THE BEST bang for your buck in the mattress industry
Don’t buy
Good value
It felt grate at first but after a week it ...
Damn this is a comfortable bed.
Great product
Would buy 100 more if we needed that many
Disappointed....
Six Star Mattress!
... and thought that the more money you spend the better the mattress
So so comfortable.
Great value
Winning!
Pretty good. A bit too soft for me
but after talking to customer service felt like it was worth a shot
Beyond comfortable! Even when pregnant!
Very firm mattress
Sleeps very hot
Wow!  Great mattress
Great mattress, was fun watching it inflate, no smell, but a wee bit too firm.
Great for back/side sleepers.
Awesome. We love our T&N Mattress!
Do it
Sleeping like a baby
surprisingly great!
This mattress is great. I purchased the tuft and needle mattress to ...
A good nights rest.
Good but some issues
I'm not super sensitive when it comes to these mattresses so I ...
This bed is really comfortable. I've had it 2 months It's my first ...
Comfort
Brilliant and easy mattress.  Amazing sleep!
Plush yet supportive.
Someone under 200 lbs who wants a very comfortable firm foam mattress would probably find the Tuft and ...
... Tuft & Needle Queen size mattress in February and love it. Much better than what we were sleeping ...
Freakin love it
Five Stars
... cheaper option for my bedding needs and was not disappointed. Not super soft or firm
Amazing bed, weird price fluctuation
Pregnant chick approves
Great customer service
We LOVE this bed
We love love love this mattress
This is the best mattress I have ever owned
Lasted a year.
Love the mattress
A little too firm
Stiff no give comfortable for me.
it was "broken in" and now I love it. Before I bought it
but I love it, Great materials
The BEST mattress purchase EVER!
Best Investment!
Great for me
Great Mattress
this was the best decision we ever made
Youll never want to go back to a traditional mattress after trying this
Just buy it!!
good product; however.  Need to return as I see it’s a Prine Day utem< which would save me $150!
Better than we could have imagined!
Not too soft not too hard
Lack of edge support
Great mattress! We received the mattress prior to our ...
Very firm and does not offer pressure relief.
Five Stars
So far it's amazing
He still really likes it and is sleeping a lot better than he did on his old mattress- and his ...
Its great for back or stomach but may be too firm ...
A bit hard
Comfortable yet firm.
So comfortable!!!
I bit soft for my tastes but the wife likes ...
Ive honestly never slept more soundly . . . . . . . . . .
FIRM......Too firm?
Just Plain Comfortable
Shuda went for tna not tan
Not for us.
Too firm?
Great mattress
Best Mattress I Have Ever Purchased
Comfortable, but...
Standard queen sheets do not fit this mattress
(I wouldn't worry about it I like a super soft mattress) and Tuft and Needle really ...
good product. I am happy with the purchase
So easy to haul upstairs and unwrap
Spinal Stenosis and Herniated Discs - I feel great
A perfect bed
Best Item I’ve Purchased On Amazon!
About 6/7 on firmness
A little short but very comfortable!
2600$ Tempur what? Not after my PT showed me this!
Good mattress, fair price
Good bed at good price
Perfect for toddler’s new bed
Perfect bed. I bought it after my wife fractured ...
Just right
Love this mattress - why did I wait so long?
Great Support and not hot!
Purchased for my mother-in-law based on great use reviews and great price
Side-Sleeper Review of Tuft and Needle Mattress - King
Most comfortable mattress ive slept on
So far I like it. My back is not as sore in ...
After days and weeks of deliberation, I chose this ...
Medium Firmness, & Returns Ain't Easy
Super comfy bed
not too bad but not good either
my back has never felt better, takes a little getting use to but once ...
Great for such a low price.
No Fumes
Best mattress I’ve ever slept on
Great bed
Comfortable and a great price.
Just be sure of firmnes
WOW! This lives up to the hype!
Don't spend thousands, this is worth every cent!!
It was easy to get accustomed to
Great Mattress
Four Stars
Love it!!
Five Stars
Good quality mattress
Very firm!
I used this on the floor while setting up my apartment and it was so comfortable. Very supportive
So cool the way this expands from vacuum compressed packaging
Very comfortable!
Great Mattress!
I totally love this mattress
Great Mattress for the price I paid
From a buyer that was scared to "go foam"...
Saw stains when i took out of package
Best night of sleep I've had in a long time
ORDER DIRECT FROM TUFT & NEEDLE
back or stomach any given night and all positions are actually quite comfortable.
ITS SUPER SOFT! just the way i like it
Tough.
This is the very best bed I have ever slept in
Tuft & Needle 10" Mattress
Back Pain from the Start
Love this bed
Very comfortable and a great price, but no side support
The best, most comfortable mattress!
AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING!!!
Very, very comfortable
It might be the best mattress I’ve ever owned
Good mattress
it is a well built mattress and I like it. Most importantly it is made in the ...
Great!
Not too hard, not to soft: just right.
Easy to set up
Good quality
100 day guarantee
my husbands back is not sore any longer when waking ...
2nd bought! Love it!
Son loves it!!
AWESOME COMFORT!
Just buy it!
Best Sleep I've ever had
Very firm- probably too firm
... Tuft & Needle full size mattress I ordered is great. My daughter really likes her new bed
It's very comfortable while feeling firm and supportive
No more tossing and turning!! No more snoring!!
Fosbrooke is a A+ Amazon Seller with a great product. I have went thru multiple mattresses since ...
i thought this would be a really good mattress to buy
WOW!!!!
We love this mattress
So far so good, had it for a couple of weeks and ...
Great Mattress at a Bargain
I would recommend this to everyone in need of a new mattress! Hands down.
Extremely comfortable mattress
look no further
I was a little leery at first I've heard great reviews about these mattresses but I must say that ...
Good choice
Very comfortable able, helped my back problems with in a ...
This Mattress is FIRM!!!
Best mattress and so reasonable.
I like my mattress to be on the firm side
... December ( about 2 months) and it's been incredibly comfortable since day one
I’ll never go back...
Comfortable. No excessive bounce!
Casper be gone
Love it and never going back!
Delivery in 2 Days to my door
Not comfortable
Like Sleeping on a Giant Marshmallow.
Best Amazon Purchase Ever
Good
Like sleeping on "cloud ten."
Highly recommend!
The mattress is really perfect for me
One Star
Just Order it!
A Great Mattress at a great price!
Slept great for about a month
Same order two different models?
Still sleeping on it, miss it already - definitely ...
I purchased it because it had good reviews and I didn't want to go into a ...
Very Pleased.
... on this for 3 months and it is very comfortable, especially for the price
T&N a goodnight of sleep!
Great value, comfortable.
comfortably firm at a great price
Buy it. Stop thinking about it just buy it.
Like a good porridge, this one is not too firm, not too soft, but just right.
Great sleep
I love her!
Returning extremely difficult
Soft, supportive and firm all-in-one!
I love this mattress
Just what I ordered
Five Stars
Best bed I've used so far.
Best thing, you don’t need help to install this
Great for athletes
Super amazing packaging
but this mattress indeed is as good IF NOT BETTER than my old $2500 brand
Does not expand to full size
So comfortable - great purchase.
Comfy mattress!
Don’t be fooled by the green certifications
Finally found a bed that I like. I used to deliver furniture for a living
Good Night Sleep Worthy
Very happy with the purchase
I love my bed
Amazon only gives 30 days to return!
I am a side sleeper and this matress is too firm for that so i had to adjust and sleep on my back to get the best results. I wak
Was really desperate for a good nights sleep so I bought a new bed
It does not loom brand new
Amazing!!
Quality mattress for the price
Not overly comfortable
I have sciatic nerve problem & tossed & turned all ...
Not firm, too soft
Love
Mattress
Satisfied!
Sleep Like a Champion
Loved it
So Far So Good
Less expensive very good mattress!
but is not as good as I thought my older gelled memory foam mattress ...
This is not firm at all. I have the ...
Love it!!!
This mattress is awesome. Keeps me asleep throughout the night with no ...
Very comfortable
Great Mattress at a Great Price
Sleeping well
... have owned this for 2 months and I just love it. The unpacking is super easy and fast
Perfect!
Don’t buy a mattress online
Recommend
Awesome night's sleep!
was easy to install on our bed
This mattress is like sleeping on a spongy rock (a good thing in ...
Extremely comfortable, will repeat purchase
Needed a topper, great after that.
Didn't work, too hot, too firm.
Bye bye sleep number bed!
This Mattress became the best part of my husband life, with his jury,
It's better than a spring mattress but I have another bed ...
Love this bed
Anyway I posted on social media and they responded and wished us the best. You will not be let down
Too Soft.
Awesome mattress.
Money well spent!
A great mattress is crucial
So comfortable!!
OK mattress
Enjoying our new mattress!
Too Soft
Two very happy customers...
We love our new mattress
AMAZING!
Hoping sleep continues improving
This is really the best mattress I have ever bought in my life
So far, so good
So far not too bad.
no sold on it
Super comfy bed- loving it!
Very nice
Amazing Quality, my favorite bed yet
Five Stars
After several months of use I keep asking my wife ...
3/5 rating
A great mattress on the softer side
Comfortable and cool.
Five Stars
This is a great mattress!
Beware - You're Opinion May Change & You May Want to Return
Love it.
Softer feel than other reviews claimed.
Very quality mattress at the price point having gone from ...
Soft as a cloud
Depends on your preference...
Where have you been all my life?
Relief!
Quality control?
Very comfy and great price
Awesome mattress!
Positive reviews onmybin forst 60 days then watch out for shoulder, hip, back and neck pains.
Firmer than expected.
Great quality but not for us
This is a firm mattress.. just know that ...
Awesome for back pain
Happy customer.
I look forward to bedtime
Thrilled with this mattress
Chronic back pain!
After a year .. I'm really NOT happy
The best! Buy with confidence
... she just bought a Tuft and Needle Mattress and love it and I had to try
Waiting for replacement
The mattress arrived on time and was easy to pop open and place on the slats
Our 2nd Purchase
Superb mattress at an excellent price!
❤️
Excellent mattress
Love This Made in America Mattress!!
Two Stars
good firm mattress
This is the most comfortable mattress I've ever slept on
A little firm, but we made it work.
Sound sleep!
I sleep so good. Great packaging
Amazing Mattress!
Extremely comfortable!
I guess for the price point it's a good deal. However
Five Stars
Stiff mattress.
Love this mattress!
Good quality great price
Very Comfortable and Easy to Unbox
Worth the money. Great mattress.
You won’t regret it.
No more back pain
Very comfy
High quality, comfortable, convenient.
Best sleep of my adult life
Please make pillows
A bit rolly
Decompression is cool
I love it.
the best mattress I’ve ever purchased
provides great support and has aleviated a lot of the hip ...
I have been using this mattress of the past 3 months now and love it. Disclaimer
GREAT VALUE
Still perfect after 6 months
It was the easiest mattress I ever bought.
Very Firm And Hot
Noticed a difference right away
I get a better nights sleep and wake up with less pain
Not for side sleepers
Kudos
My husband absolutely loved it, we were both having back pain from ...
Definite Upgrade
Still a great mattress...
Four Stars
I am getting a good night sleep
I haven't hated it, but I wouldn't call it the most ...
We really enjoy it.
Good night's sleep
Way too hot
Best mattress ever!
Comfortable, soft yet supportive
Great Price but Only for Now
Perfect ratio of comfort to support
Great Mattress
Wouldnt recommend buying this
I like it. Seems to hold its shape very well ...
Not for side sleepers!!
As comfortable as any mattress we've ever had
Good mattress - ideal for guest room
My fiancee thought it was perfect. I on the other hard find it a ...
COMFY
Beware if you buy from Amazon Tuft and Needle will not help!
This bed is amazing! And you get 100 days of sleeping on ...
Our order for this mattress & the delivery was easy & efficient
It actually stinks, for a long time.
Great mattress, great price.
Plan on buying another one
Sleep on this!
First mattress in a box, probably my last too.
Best sleep I've ever had
This was great..
Got worse over time
Comfort
Amazing 11/10
Changed our lives
Love it!
but I am super sensitive. As far as comfort
Comfortable for my wife. Not me. EXCELLENT customer service.
Amazing mattress! Well worth the price!
Best Mattress
All of the other reviews made it sound like it would be decently firm
Love it!!
Took a week but...
try something different
No complaints!
THE BEST EVER
Very comfortable
Great customer service experience!!!!
The inconvient truth, not as advertised!
Four Stars
Comfortable
Five Stars
Best Deal on a Mattress
but it’s more comfortable than my old mattress
Five Stars
Super Comfortable and Great Customer Service
The Tuft and Needle is perfect. Bye bye back and shoulder pain
Very comfortable and plush
Firm mattress but can live with it.
... somewhat firm if you are a side sleeper but comfortable.
Who knew 2" would make such a difference?
This bed was the best decision. Economical
Great Mattress - Don't Hesitate!
Already love it!
Great but firm
A great foam mattress
Great bed
Super Comfortable
Super comfy!
Quality is good but not the best
Happy sleeper.
Firm!
Extremely comfortable bed and a staple in the bedroom
My husband (220lbs) and I (135lbs) love this bed
Love it
So good I bought another one
Best DAMN mattress I've bought
Good for activities and sleeping
Just not firm enough
i doubt there is a better mattress in the market
Fantastic
Amazing Mattress
Great mattress!
Just not sure yet.
Perfect for me- wife hates it
Five Stars
Very comfortable, easiest mattress shopping ever, but had to return 1st one due to smell
If you are looking for an affordable bed solution buy this
So Worth It
Back pain
Shop no further, this is the mattress
Great buy and comfortable sleep
Very comfortable. I sleep like the dead
Very comfortable and easy setup
A top investment of my life.
Give it a night or 2
Having a good nights sleep.
This bed came and it was pretty awesome. It is definitely on the firm side
Three Stars
BUY THIS MATTRESS.. You will not regret it
Best sleep in a long time
Great mattress. We love our king but my mom ...
Comfortable
Love, love, love.....
This mattress is heavenly.
Comfortable
Please Read If you are looking for a FIRM Mattress.
Five Stars
Much bettet
It saved the matress from a grandson's accident and is easy to wash
Perfect balance of soft and firm. Heaven..
I'm very happy with this mattress
So far, so good.
No break in period
Good value for the price
Very happy!
great purchase
very hard
No more backache with T&N mattress
Quick and easy
Perfect non toxic comfortable mattress
Best Purchase and great price!
I like the easy set up and it looks wonderful on ...
A Great Night's Sleep
Wake up feeling good / the Goldilocks Bed
A little too hard
Great mattress for a great price .
Wanted to love it...
But it's great! I like my mattresses on the firm side ...
I think it is good but for my back issues I need something a ...
Great option
we loved our California king size so much
Awesomeness
Only time will tell wether it is a long-term good investment. Thanks for making an affordable product
THICK, SOLID, nice mattress. Glad we bought it!
Great quality for the price
We love this bed
My husband and I are pretty picky when it comes to mattresses and this is ...
Best mattress ever!
Great for the price
so good. It's already changed in firmness
We like
Love this
This mattress has ruined me for other mattresses...
great alternative to casper
Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhh... comfortable!
Happy Mattress
Comfortable and priced right.
This mattress is amazingly good for the price
Good quality
Add a topper
It is the most comfortable mattress I have ever had
Terrible horrible back support If u have back pain
Son loves it
Good bed
Everything I wished for and more!
Five Stars
Comfy and happy
but i needed a new mattress that would be easy to move into a NYC apartment
I love this bed
i love this mattress
Love it
I DID NOT GET THIS PRODUCT FREE OR AT A DISCOUNT IN RETURN FOR A REVIEW
the best bed we could have hoped for
I love my T&N mattress
I love how this came easily in a box
Best sleep ever!!!
A month later, best mattress ever!
Perfect!
Great Mattress
Great mattress and great buy
Tuft & Needle, sell your mattresses to all the hotels!
Heavenly
I found the mattress very comfortable. I have a hospital type bed and it ...
If you need a firm mattress, this is a great option at a solid price.
Super comfortable!
Very firm mattress...
Excellent Mattress
Great product, but firm.
HOLY crap, were has this mattress been for the last ...
T & N king size mattress is the only way to go sleep
4.5" thick queen mattress
Great price for a great mattress.
great mattress. Super comfortable
Great memory foam mattress.
Really like this product
Not for me
Wife & I slept great. We knew we didn't want memory foam
Tuft and Needle
Awesome
Five Stars
It stands the test of time
Love it. It is great for laying down not ...
I really wanted to love this mattress
She seems to love it and I’m Thankful
Extremely comfy
Love this Tuft and Needle mattress!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it!
Better Than We Thought
Five Stars
Great product, my grandson has two and he recommend ...
Great Product
I need queen bed frame and beige quilted head board
Amazing bed, have not had a sleepless night on ...
it's been so wonderful, no problems at all sleeping
Poor package
Reasonable Compromise
YES to sleep!
Best choice I could have made.
Great nights sleep and friendly to my back
Very comfortable and fair price
Worth the money!
For the price and quality, you cannot go wrong with this.
Comfortable
Great product so far
Liked it so much I bought another
I am very happy with my purchase after doing A LOT of research ...
Restless Night's Sleep Due to Overheating
We love this mattress
So Comfortable!!
Great mattress, good compromise
It was so easy to unbox and expand
Five Stars
Amazon was amazing in helping me to answer all my concerns & ...
Great price. Great mattress. Super fast.
Great bed
Best mattress I've used yet
So-so mattress
Softer than Casper
Dog also loves it
value is good
It's a firm mattress
No sag ,No back pain , .
Five Stars
I still love it. Never thought I would buy a foam
Neck and back pain since day 1
Bed gets REALLY hot. Seems to pack in heat ...
This mattress is WONDERFUL!!
Great Mattress for a Big Guy!
Very comfortable but gets hot
Good quality
Tuft and Needle Mattress
Fantastic, Firm But Giving
i love it but i bought it at 450 and the ...
Amazing mattress and experience
Super mattress!
Great mattress, I'm a bit heavier than the normal ...
Causes back pain!
Didn’t work for me
Love love love love love, glad to I took the plunge!
Five Stars
Love the firmness
Lives up to all the reviews
Great mattress
The return process was great, but its not as comfortable as
Worth the money
Two Stars
Frame needs a few more cross beams on the bottom ...
Outstanding Customer service from Tuft & Needle
Firm
Awesome bed
Great Sleep
No More Pain
and I'm very happy!
If you're doubting it... Don't
Too hard?
Outstanding mattress!
What a mattress! Sleep like a baby now. Couldn't be happier.
Best mattress ive ever owned
... after the first night sleeping on it I truly love it we recommend it to all my
Sleeps Great
Great Mattress-Bad Delivery
Ideal Mattress
so great. We have only had it for 2 weeks ...
This product did not work for my husband and I ...
Good value
Five Stars
The BEST mattress HANDS DOWN!!!
One Star
Maybe better with a solid bed frame
Good mattress
Five Stars
Firmer than I had expected but overall a very comfortable mattress. Would purchase again or recommend to a ...
Comfortable
Best mattress ever!!
great mattress
and would end up sleeping on floor because it was more comfortable. As a practicing chiropractor I know the benefits ...
This mattress is VERY comfortable. Thanks Tuft & Needle
Five Stars
Best Mattress I've Ever Had!
Defiantly  give  yourself time to adjust. a new mattress always take time for you to get used to it.
Phenomenal Bed
Great Bed
Five Stars
Love our new mattress
Mattress so hard it hurts!!
Best - Mattress - Ever
Not good for me
Get this mattress
great mattress
A miracle!
Is so comfortable
... have to say this is one of the more comfortable beds I've had the pleasure of trying out
One half of my mattress is soft, the other firm.
this mattress has been great. It's had a positive affect on my back ...
the head lifts) It was amazing when we opened up the pkg
good product. Made it less hot to sleep
Comfy mattress
We are extremely pleased!
Sags
Takes 2-3 days to be perfect
warm
Great mattress, getting a good night's sleep finally
Like it a little better than Leesa - both are ...
Excellent
Incredible Bed!
easy to unpack
Truthfully a quality product
Outstanding
This is the best mattress I have ever had
This bed is literally the most amazing thing I have ever slept on
Like firmness and feel of this mattress.
I absolutely love this mattress
Just right
I am in love with this mattress
A pretty good mattress.
Not good for back pain
Five Stars
Arrived perfectly on time and in excellent condition. Wonderfully comfortable mattress and truth be told ...
Good mattress for the price.
Edited after 6 months to reflect it is garbage.
Five Stars
A must buy!!! I am a side sleeper and LOVE it!!!
First time I am in love with my bed
Comfy
ok
The mattress is only good for short use
Firm mattress
After reading reviews I thought this bed would be great for lower back pain
Awesome. Firmer than I would have thought or expected
Not firm. Smaller than advertised.
Very happy!
6 mo later - still a great mattress for side sleepers
Very nice. Easy to set up
My husband loves this!! It was bought for ...
Four Stars
WHY SO FIRM
Good investment
Most wonderful
We have this matress for like 2 weeks now
Five Stars
Five Stars
Back pain...for someone in their 20s!
Highly recommended
Nice mattress for the money.
GREAT Company & Mattress!
Take the chance, it's super comfy!
No Pressure!
Very comfortable and cool.
Two Stars
A little on the warm side
Amazing!
Comfort
Fast and easy setup
Excellent
No more lower back pain.
This mattress is awesome for my daughter
Four Stars
Very comfortable. Fun to open
Very comfortable
Five Stars
Too Fluffy
Sleep like a baby
Five Stars
I am in love with this mattress!!!!
In love with my new mattress
Very comfortable
Five Stars
Comfortable
Great replacement for our Temperpedic
Best mattress at the best price.
I love my bed
Really comfortable
Probably the best investment I've made
Five Stars
Great price for a great mattress
Great sleep!
Very comfortable mattress
Comfortable!
great quality for a mattress ordered in a box
Great value and Great comfort
Five Stars
Sleeping well!
Absolutely love this mattress
Four Stars
Tuft & Needle mattress is super comfortable, moreover
Five Stars
... replace an old mattress that was making me sleep funny and hurting my back
It's not the answer for everyone.
Two nights on it and already an amazing purchase. I will recommend T&N to ALL my ...
Great quality for the price
Excellent quality high density foam .
Great mattress
LOVE THIS MATTRESS
Love this mattress
This was great the first few nights
This is a terrific mattress, folks
Quality & Comfort A++++
Best.Purchase.Ever
Everyone should own one of these!
Great sleep
Great bed, great price
Old model, NOT the model pictured
Great Sleeping and Living on this thing!
I love this mattress
I bought this mattress for my teenager son
my back pain has gotten worse since getting this bed
Definitely Worthy of All Five Stars
This bed feels wonderful. We are both sleeping so peacefully
The bed is absolutely wonderful!!
Its not firm to my liking :(
Back aches
Get a platform, comfortable, not hot
Best decision i have made in 2018 so far
Great mattress at a great price
more than met expectations.
Very firm
Worth the 5 star rating
finally i couldnt take the restless night and waking up feeling tired and super sore. a friend recommended the casper so i ...
I like the firmness of the support
slept on this mattress two nights and we LOVE it! Deep
Like a cloud
Fantastic Buy and Best Mattress Ever!!!
) I am 68 and got the mattress back to the bedroom and set up by myself so it is really easy to do
Go get yours!
Great night's sleep
Uncomfortable and hard to sleep on with the  of the uneven thickness of the mattress
My Perfect Mattress
Maybe best ever!
Goldilocks was wrong.
Super easy to set up and comfortable
Perfect night sleep
AWESOME MATTRESS!
My wife and I love this bed
First bed like this for me
You won't want to get out of bed in the morning
It said it was a FIRM mattress, OH IT ...
Comfy
Nice mattress
So far, so amazing!  And now the Update...
Five Stars
Great Bed So Far
Sleeping Well
Worth the money. Great sleep. Relieves pressure points amazingly.
Love this mattress!
Amazing mattress, good price.
good purchase!!!
Tuft and Needle are the best mattresses I have slept on
An excellent choice
Nice to lay and sleep on.
Great mattress /Prime - not as good.
Five Stars
Very comfortable
Balanced mattress - supportive, comfortable and not bulky
It is not as comfortable as I thought nor do I feel that it ...
Great mattress for a great price
Hip and lower back pain
Five Stars
Great bed.
We both hate this bed
Five Stars
Waste of money, & worsens back pain.
Wonderful sleep
... sleeping on this for about a month and feel like I slept better on my 2 year old mattress ...
Very good product if it had some edge support
6'4" and 190lbs...my hips and back owe TN some extra love ;)
Three Stars
I haven't slept on it, because it is in ...
Very Comfortable
This is a good mattress and excellent value compared to everything else that's ...
Four Stars
Comfortable
Fantastic mattress at a fantastic price.
The best bed ever!
Quality
PERFECT the best mattress you can buy
This was so simple and feels and looks amazing.
Good mattress, great price, little too firm
Ahhhh. Amazingly Happy!
Super comfortable mattress
It’s nice but..
I would order again
like a cloud
Value value value
Exceeded expectations
Five Stars
Incredible customer service
The mattress is great! But
Great mattress for the price!
Awesome Product
and we love it! So glad we took the chance and ...
like a dog
Love It!
This is a wonderful mattress. Just the right amount of softness vs
outstanding
Amazing!
Mattress is too Soft
Easy way to but a good mattress!
Obsessed
Worth it!
Good mattress
Comfort and chemical free
perfect
Great mattress but sheet fits... hard to find!
Love. Bought another one for our guest room because ...
Heard this would be great for my back due to several back surgeries
If you are going to spend 1/3 of your day sleeping, better be good quality! (Yes this mattress is a perfect option)
Four Stars
Five Stars
I'm in heaven
Not what I thought but I have found comfort.
I bought this for the guest room and it has ...
Quality Mattress
too Firm for me :(
I LOVE this mattress!
So far this bed has been better than I could have imagined
Could not be happier!
So far, I like it.
It was like sleeping on a cloud
Five Stars
Little firm for me.
this is the best buy ever
Works well.
Great box mattress!
Tuft and Needle - best sleep ever!
This is the best one I have ever had
Not at all
Five Stars
Five Stars
What a difference!
Nice, firm mattress that works well on my adjustable platform bed
Comfy at first, but cheap.
Very comfortable
Five Stars
Comfortable, well made
Five Stars
Fantastic sleep
Best Matress Ever!
Great.
super hard. good return policy
Medium-firm
Great
A little on the firm side, but I love it!
Buy it!
Not happy with purchase
but the mattress inside was thankfully still fine. Once unwrapped it expanded within seconds
It's amazing. Today is the first morning in ages that ...
Good bed so far.
Does not stand the test of time
Never slept better
what a great nights sleep we have sine we purchased the 3 ...
Great purchase
Side sleepers unite!
excellend foam style mattress.
... purchasing a mattress over Amazon but after all the great reviews, we decided to take the risk
Loving this product. 20 days in and no complaints ...
Highly recommend!
I found the mattress uncomfortable and even worse after a few weeks
Fantastic product
So comfortable and easy!
so far it's been great and slept very well
Tempurpedic you better watch out!
LOVE
So far so good
So good. This mattress is on the firm side
I had this mattress in my guest room and liked it so much
She likes it!
Five Stars
So comfortable
Very nice mattress!!!!
not so happy
Comfy and Cheap
Five Stars
Still getting used to it but it is very comfortable. I was expecting it to be too soft
Spend more on a better mattress.
I slept like a baby
bought one for my guest room and sent one to ...
Great mattress for the price.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Easy to do business with
Great price, great sleeping!
Very comfortable and easily takes the place of a traditional mattress
I was so eager to get a good night sleep
... have 2 beds with Tuft and Needle mattresses and love them. When it was time to get mattresses ...
One night with it and we love it! Amazing that a king mattress came in ...
Five Stars
Best price on a Made in the USA mattress in ...
So far so good. We bought 2 twins to make a king ...
Amazing
Two Stars
A little firm for my liking but overall a great value. Made moving in to my city apartment ...
Great for a good night's sleep!
Great Purchase
i really like it so far - feels soft
Perfect!!! We found a winner!
way too firm :(
This mattress KILLS my back. If I sleep on ...
One Star
Great mattress
very happy
It took a while to get use to the firmness ...
Can't say enough great things about this bed
Try for 101 day guarantee! I love mine!! I’m a real person not employee or paid
Excellent
One Year Strong!
Very very firm
LOVE it.
Five Stars
I am sleeping better I couldn't afford thousands for a mattress this is ...
... it too firm, but after few weeks we love it. My back pain disappeared
I don't want to get out of bed!
Best mattress I've ever slept on
Fine as a temporary solution
Good value, comfortable mattress
Takes about a week or two to get used to ...
I feel like I made the right choice
not comfortable, my back hurts every morning
This product is perfect. It isn't too soft like a memory foam ...
So far so good. Had tempurpedic for 8 years
Great buy!
Too firm :(
100%
Medium rather than firm, I love it and get great sleep.
Four Stars
Destroyed my back
We love it!
Five Stars
Love it! Great value
Would buy again
Firm mattress. Too firm for us.
We love this mattress
Excellent price, good quality!
and it's a good price.
Three Stars
The best sleep I have had in a decade man what ...
Sleep well!
I have the lumbar disc herniation, I have been ...
Overall great bed
I was informed that I could return these mattresses with in 3 months and now it won't let me. Why
Five Stars
The mattress for me and my wife was just too ...
Pretty Firm
Great mattress!
Five Stars
Very comfortable.
Firms up in a few days
oh, yes
Best Big Purchase
Mattress is shorter in width than specifications
... only spelt one night on the mattress and already love it! It's comfortable
I am sleeping even better than before
Back pain relief
Very pleased
The most comfortable bed I've ever owned.
Ok mattress but didn't help with low back pain
Don’t buy
Super comfy
Everything they said it would be.
This mattress created more pressure points on my ribs and ...
Five Stars
dont be scared about buying tihis on the internet
One Star
Lightweight
LOVE LOVE LOVE
Decent bed
LOVE IT!!!!
Restful sleep made in Phoenix, AZ
Five Stars
Our guests loved it almost as much as we love the one ...
Best sleep I have had in ages.
great sleep
... bought this mattress for my adult daughter and she loved it so much that my younger daughter asked me ...
Comfortable bed but too firm for this side sleeper :(
This mattress is so beyond comfortable. It’s firm but not too firm
However the warranty and return policy was amazing!! I donated my mattress I didn’t like
Simple perfection, great sleep
Favorite purchase of the year!
Not the mattress for me, TERRIBLE refund experience
NOT FIRM
Love this mattress
Love this mattress!
Negative
Degrades and sags just like any other cheap memory foam.
Very nice and comfortable mattress
I feel well rested in the morning
Great comfort.
Falls asleep immediately.
Nice comfortable mattress and continues to be
Great value here
Will it be worth the wait?
Four Stars
Service. How could anyone ever complain about your people or product. Even if you don't like it. You can't loose.
So far I love it! Awesome support not too firm but not ...
Just what I wanted
Love the mattress, Never slept so good!
I love this style of bed
I am a big man and this mattress is amazing, it's very supportive and nothing at all like ...
Perfect for my kids!
Two Stars
Perfection
Affordable, good quality mattresses.
Five Stars
What more could you ask for??
Two Stars
It could be me that is the problem
Five Stars
Well made but designed for the firm crowd
Very comfortable bed. Conveniently delivered to my house in compressed ...
Solid mattress
Life changer of a bed!
Four Stars
... on it - my boyfriend and I are in love! He has suffered from back pain issues for ...
Nice mattress!
I love my Tuft and Needle.
Great mattress
Does not sag when two sleep on it.
Becomes too soft
One Star
THIS IS THE BEST MATTRESS OUT THERE FOR THE PRICE!!!
reminded me of how much better home is now
Excellent mattress
Five Stars
Yes, It's Worth It
Only issue is...
After about a week it was very comfortable. The only negative is the initial strong chemical ...
Firm but comfortable
It is firmer then thought.
Horrible back pain - Avoid!
Sleeps great and I can't feel my dog moving in it
Great quality mattress
... already had it and it made the bed the perfect combo of firm and soft
but I like this mattress a lot
Five Stars
This bed is amazing! I cant believe I paid a fraction of ...
A little on the soft side
LOVE these mattresses
Really good bed
Five Stars
Great Mattress.  Stress Free Purchase
Five Stars
Excellent investment
Nice mattress
Great mattress and very comfortable
Four Stars
Comfiest Mattress Ever!
Too soft, other side is perfect almost
COMFORT
Great for Me not for Hubby
Made in USA!
I've woken up both nights I've slept on it to back pain and troubles getting comfortable, so I lie awake
My first purchased mattress online and I love it!
I'm impressed!
I have slept much better since getting this
Very nice mattress
... i was scared since all online mattress are not good for the cost
Love this mattress
Best mattress ever.
Love!
Four Stars
Best. sleep. ever.
Five Stars
Best mattress you will ever own!  LOVE IT>
I love this mattress
Five Stars
Comfortable! Affordable!
Pleasantly surprised and took the risk!
Five Stars
2nd night and so far very comfortable
Comfortable and reasonably priced
Five Stars
T&N Best company and great contributor to our community!!
Super Comfy!
Five Stars
Three Stars
My Most Comfortable Bed
Comfort
Wonderful Mattress
Love it. I sleep great on it
too soft!
Love it. Had some great night sleep switching from ...
i am a 6' 160lb man and feel like its too stiff giving me back problems
Skews on the firm side
Great value
Run don't walk to buy this mattress.
Very pleasantly surprised
We absolutely love this mattress
Easy delivery via prime and the setup was simple
... firm so I bought a memery foam topper works great
Very comfortable, seemed almost 2 soft at first
Love love love this mattress
Five Stars
Such a comfortable night’s sleep
I never knew what a good night's sleep was until I bought this mattress
this is really a wonderful product that adapts to many different sleep types/patterns and ...
So good we bought another one
Five Stars
Three Stars
A wonderful mattress!
Good mattress, glad I bought it!
is very comfortable and is an excellent mattress for the price
but not too bad. I'm only 120 lbs though
The mattress is excellent and was a great value
Not bad but not great
Great for guest
Firm mattress, lower back pain
They love it.
Sleep
Five Stars
Awesome Mattress
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Not happy with this item
Less pain
and it has been wonderful. We are both short and average build and ...
We bought a King about a year ago and loved it so much we bought this Queen a couple ...
once the the bag it came in was cut it didn't take very long to look like a mattress
Three Stars
super nice. firmer than the other similar mattresses
Almost too good.
I'm definitely not as stiff or sore as I used to be which is great! I did however have to put a matress ...
Nice
Good. Better. Tuft & Needle.
I shopped at a few stores and was annoyed with the high pressure sales and lack of measurable ...
Great Price. Great Mattress.
It's been 3 weeks. So far highly satisfied.
I am sleeping so much better now! Very comfortable and just firm enough
Great quality and comfort
NO regrets.
Great bed, had for about 6 months now
I don't know if I can tell a good mattress or a bad one
Love it.
Better than I expected!
I'm honestly amazed how comfy this bed is
Love It!
Very supportive
Great for the back
Comfy
We have spent two nights and so far the mattress is living up to the good reviews. Comfort/support and coolness are there (6'1''
Great mattress
Great mattress
I am so glad I did
So far I love it! I have it on a adjustable frame ...
Tuft  and Needle Mattress
Worth it!
Hot as Hell
Five Stars
All the 5 star reviews are right, great bed!
Good Purchase
Excellent comfort after about a week
Verdict Still Out
It's great!
this mattress is absolutely wonderful. easy to set up and I have not ...
Very comfortable
Best mattress I ever owned.
Four Stars
using for 3 months and it is very comfortable and easy on my joints
Nice cover. Firm but not hard
I thought it was the best mattress we had ever purchased
Only one small issue
Four Stars
Five Stars
The mattress is a bit softer than I would like. I would have preferred a firmer product but ...
A Great Alternative to a Traditional Mattress & Box Spring Set - AND CHEAPER!
When you open it up to use make sure you have help to get i
slept on it for a month and loved it. It is now our guest bed
Just right!
Don't purchase
Loved the delivery and set up
Excellent mattress
Low cost quality product!
I am impressed.
Five Stars
good nights sleep
best bed ever
For the price, amazingly comfortable.
Five Stars
Just perfect! Backpains gone!
Nice
But what is going on with Tuft & Needle's deals ...
... little early to tell but so far I really like it. After looking at mattresses from $300-$4000 it's ...
So glad we made this purchase
Easy!
This bed is very comfortable. I went from having an achey back to ...
Amazing price for the best mattress I have ever owned.
Best mattress I have ever owned.
Five Stars
best sleep Ive had in years
One Star
Fit People Alert
Needs 2 very strong people to move the mattress and set it up
UPDATED: A great product and the best customer service I have ever experienced.
Not good
Great mattress
Very satisfied
Four Stars
This is easily the most comfortable bed I’ve ever slept on
Three Stars
Comfortable
A good product
Gets softer and deformed over time. If you like harder feeling mattresses, stay away from this one.
About 350lbs/ and Sleep Master Standing Smart Box Spring, King
We love this mattress!
Five Stars
A good night's rest
Most comfy bed ever!
Amazing!!!
Get this mattress
👍👍
First mattress purchase I've made and I love it. It's very firm for me
This one is perfect!
Amazing bed.
It's just comfortable
I've never slept better. I've always been a sensitive sleeper and would ...
Not impressed
Five Stars
Four Stars
Better than paying for marked up/overpriced mattresses at furniture stores
so comfy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Comfy!
Too hard...
Great mattress
but this one is great. Extremely comfortable
Comfy and firm
Mattress much firmer than expected
So comfortable!
I want to move to guest room and sleep on it every night but wife not happy about that proposal
Worth every penny and more!
... this mattress for about two months now and generally like it. I enjoy the fact that it "sleeps ...
Comfortable, quality and affordable.
Comfortable
Go for it! It's worth every $$$$ I paid ...
Great Mattress!
Perfect firmness, no heating problems and best of all ...
They are fantastic. Very comfy
Stays warm! <3
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love it. No back pains and I had back ...
Love It!
So far so good
Very Satisfied
Great mattress
Would not recommend
Caves in middle
A little too firm
Five Stars
Five Stars
We love this mattress
Would buy again
I love it
Doesn't disappoint, SO COMFY
great nights sleep
nice quality. The mattress is firm
Great Mattress
Great Mattress!!
Great Mattress
Tuft &Needle queen
Amazing.
life changing
Best mattress I have owned
Five Stars
Very comfortable
Great Matress
This mattress has gotten me great sleep and less pressure on my lower back
Convenient, comfortable but just not for us.
Five Stars
Really Looking Forward To This Bed But Not For Me
a good deal
Five Stars
Love This Mattress
Superb!
A Great Mattress Thus Far
Great experience, better product!
Awesome mattress
Tuft and Needle Mattress are the greatest
Love EVERYTHING about this mattress
... and we were a little worried but after feeling great the next morning and every morning over the last ...
Five Stars
best mattress i've ever owned
The cost and feel is unbelievable great compared to all other mattresses
It is a mattress...nothing special
Best mattress ever!
Don't let the reviews fool you.
Five Stars
Its comfort
It is now impossible to be comfortable in. Now I know what a true nightmare ...
Not good after a few months
Very comfortable, perfect for our McKinnon bed
Best purchase ever.
Five Stars
Best nap of my life
Great mattress!
Easy to handle
foam mattress topper
Oh my heaven!!!
Love this bed!!!
Great bed even better price!
Skip it and get a better quality lower priced mattress at Ikea
He says it's the most comfortable mattress he's ever had
Over the past few days the bed has been wonderful. I've gotten better sleep and the girlfriend both ...
Best sleep ever
Wow awesome bed!
My wife loves it
Disappointed
... bought two for the kids and they are very comfortable so far
Five Stars
Great mattress!
Extremely comfortable!!
Great
Five Stars
VOTES ARE STILL OUT
but my husband and I are BOTH remarking on how our backs feel better and how we are getting deeper and more restful ...
We love this mattress
The first 2 nights were great, but I figured it was just because it ...
No back support
I really enjoy this new bed
Five Stars
Very comfortable. Wish I had bought one years ago
Best mattress ever
I sleep like a baby
I've always wondered what it was like to lay on a cloud...
My first night on it and I love it. I'm 6'4 and when the bed is ...
Well worth the cost.
Love it!
Five Stars
Do I love it, no
we're happy
Five Stars
Great product, not too firm. Just not for me.
The bed quality is fantastic, a bit more firm than I was expecting
... to after a regular too-soft pillow top but we LOVE it. Such great sleeping and no back ache ...
Tufts never disappoint
Slept like a baby!
The other guys suck! Needle and Tuft all the way!
Love this mattress!
The delivery was extremely quick and I loved that the mattress was shipped to my door
but had a good size stain in the center-side of the mattress when ...
cant say how much I liked the bed
Everyone needs a Tuft & Needle in their lives.
Excellent foam mattress. Super Comfy!!!
Great Value and worth twice the price...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very comfortable! Box is pretty heavy
so far so good!! just got Friday
I liked the fact that it was delivered to my door.
Good support. Feels well made
Meh.
Sleep hot and not comfortable for side sleepers
So comfortable
Great
Tuft and Needle Mattress.
Soooo comfy!
Meh.  Seems that the design has changed.  Ridiculously soft.
So comfy!
good mattress
My girlfriend finds it a little too firm. I ...
took some getting used to but I love it now
Tuft and Needle was right!
Amazing mattress,  amazing price
after that it wears in and is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in
Sleep improved immediately
Great Mattress
Five Stars
Great value, great quality!
Five Stars
Great Customer Service!
Worth the money
Five Stars
Trust me, you want this mattress
Hot Deal
Love
I love this company
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great mattress
Five Stars
... it were taller but turned out to be a great
Its like this mattress was made for me
the quality of the mattress is excellent but I have arthritis and I wake up hurting ...
So far so good, came promptly
Five Stars
Very happy with my t&n mattress!
Five Stars
Perfect mattress- perfect price
This is a great mattress at half the price you will pay at the shops
Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Sleeping much better with this mattress
Amazing Mattress
5 star if I could) but my husband and I are pleased with this product so far
Tuft and Needle Punches Above It's Weight
A great price, great quality
This is the mattress to have!
Mattress
I love this mattress I think the foam idea is brilliant
Five Stars
So glad i bought it!
Firm but good
A bit firm
A great mattress!!
Peaceful Easy Sleeping
Five Stars
Great night sleep
Supremo!!!
Couldn't be happier
Too soft for me, but still worth trying
firm enough to support (for me) and soft enough to be comfortable (for my better half)
Comfortable and supportive!
The bed seems like good quality
Amazing bed!
So far so good.
I thought mattress was comfortable and arrived promptly- unfortunately it was too soft for ...
Four Stars
We have been really impressed with our new bed. ...
Worth the purchase!
allergic to this mattress
my bed
Great mattress ! Great service!
Very happy customer
So happy with my purchase
Still great 1.5yrs later
Five Stars
We fell for the commercial.
Life Changer!!
Two Stars
Amazing Mattress!
Can't wait to go to sleep.
Everyone should at least try it!!
Stained Mattresses.
Five Stars
very comfortable
Just ok mattress. I will update after a few ...
Very comfortable!  Excellent night sleep!
Way too soft.
Not for bad backs!
Love it!
Very comfortable, no complaints
My rating is strictly on my experience and not the ...
Sleeps Hot
Best bed I've ever had.
so far so good. Bought them with an adjustable frame
So comfortable!
Make sure that you do not drown this bed out with too much bedding.
Amazing product! You can tell from the moment you ...
Not too hard, not too soft, just right.
LOVE IT, REALLY COMFORTABLE
Great bang for your buck
Wasn't comfortable for me
Four Stars
LOVE this mattress for our 2 year old
its so comfortable! but im tiny and light
wake up moving better. I am happy with the purchase
So far I think it is GREAT. We'll see a couple of years down the ...
Very firm-
Five Stars
Love this bed
This is by far the best mattress we have ever had
No negative review here...
Life changing mattress! A little on the firm side ...
very nice
Five Stars
Great mattress
Four Stars
so good. I have had it for 2 weeks and ...
This mattress blew away expectations.
Comfortable sleep
Pretty darn good quality
Finally, the bed we’ve been looking for!!
Love our new king size mattress
Back pain after 6 months of use. They'll make ...
Four Stars
impulse buy that turned out great. Can in a small bundle which made it ...
Five Stars
Dirty
Five Stars
Love it.
3 nights in and desperately want to like this mattress- not giving up yet...stay tuned
No more heat!
😴
Worth the Money!!
AH MAZING!!!
Great mattress for bad back
Hard as cement
Great price for a great bed
Great mattress
Great mattress!
Five Stars
The mattress is comfortable and sturdy
Great Value! Comfortable Mattress!
Never go to the mattress store again
Comfortable
Five Stars
Great value, top of the line sleep!
Best of the best!
I worte a terrible review at first but now im back after a ...
Five Stars
So firm but I love it none the less.
Four Stars
Great Mattress
Tuft and Needle mattress
Too Firm
... feels soft but it is firm to lay on great matress love it so
Love it.
Great value for the price
Excellent Mattress
but unfortunattely both are false as I received the product few days ago 1) not UNIFORM firmness -- could be a faulty product but no excuse - some sections of the mattress are super soft and some sections are soft
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just awful
It is AMAZING!
Perfect on all levels!
Go get one, the best value for the money.
Memory foam does not last well
Life Changing!
Love it! No more back pain!
This is an amazing bed! We bought it as a guest bed ...
Regret this purchase...
Incredible customer service
The best and ultimate  mattress
Finally spent the money and so glad I did
Great mattress
Five Stars
We are very happy with the mattress
My mattress is unbelievably comfortable.
Exactly as advertised
Five Stars
Five Stars
It's been a couple years and it's still as awesome as ever
Five Stars
give it time
We were hopeful...
The T&N folks have hit it out of the park,
Wonderful!
This mattress is great. Just open the box and POOF
I found the most comfortable mattress I've ever slept on for $700
I love this thing!
Recommended.
Comfortable, no off-gassing
So comfortable!!
Never slept so great 9 months pregnant!!!
Great bed
Love it
Five Stars
Almost too good.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
So good I could cry
Solid.
I love this mattress
I LOVE THIS MATTRESS
The bed is simply not comfortable. My wife and I used it for 3 ...
Five Stars
A Little Too Soft.........
our tuft and needle
The absolute best purchase I have ever made
Five Stars
PERFECT!
2nd and counting
Five Stars
Five Stars
It comes in a compact box
wow!!!!!!!!
Worth the price.
Hard & difficult to return
I've had terrible back pain in the past
Awesome Mattress
Very firm, if you’re a side sleeper!
To soft for my back and I don't know how to return
Great value! I'm pleased with the mattress and the ...
I have been using this for over a month now ...
Five Stars
Fabulous
Nice in the Loft
excellent i am 8 months pregnant now and the support ...
Great!
Perfect buy
Very comfortable bed. I wish I had purchased it earlier.
Was great the first week
I’m very happy with the comfort of this product and ease of ...
This works great! My toddlers diaper leaked and it didn’t go ...
Started out great but...
SLEEP!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect mix of firm and soft
Pleasantly surprised.
We didn't like it, but it was easy to return!
BUY THIS BED NERD!!!
I really like it. It's comfortable and I am able to ...
Decent, Good mattress, FIRM and Great Support from Stomach Sleeper
Five Stars
comfortable, affordable and perfect!
Awesome mattress, and superb value!
This is probably the best value for foam mattress
Wait,  this is still too firm! Four months later! And it's plain foam. Not memory foam!
Not a good user experience
Five Stars
Five Stars
Every position is comfortable!
Unroll a mattress.
I'm not as happy as I thought I would be
A well made comfortable mattress for a good night's sleep
Great Product tremendous deal
Love it! Comfy and cozy
A bit firm and a bit hot
Fantastic mattress
Five Stars
its very comfortable..
Great bed!
Four Stars
Love!
I LOVE this bed!
Five Stars
Finally after all these years!
Price is very good
Five Stars
Really wanted to like this mattress...
Five Stars
Excellent comfort
so far so good!
I like their sales plan
Four Stars
Great sleep even better company
A capitalist triumph
its still off-gassing and putting out bad smells. We couldn't keep it
Five Stars
GREAT QUALITY PRODUCT.
I gave it 8 months...
Love it! A little firm at first
Best mattress ever!!
Bed in a box
ZzzzZZZZzZzzz…!
Five Stars
Great mattress
Now I sleep like a baby
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good value!
Great product
Great product.
Good value mattress
So far so good - just received this mattress a few days ago
Delivered on all promises!
and very easy set up
Restful sleep tonight and every night
Five Stars
Worth every penny
Works great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
You can not and will not find a better mattress for this price
Five Stars
very comfortable right off the bat
Foam Mattress
Fantastic
Ahhhhhh! Have had hip and back problems for years ...
Truth in Adverts
Wow, wow wow Wow!
Perfect
Five Stars
Hard as rock
Excellent mattress and price
No issues
best priced cali king that me and my significant other ...
Four Stars
AWESOME MATTRESS
So sorry that I ever heard of this company!
Five Stars
Love it
Great at first, now disappointed
Soft, cushy, warm, and easy to roll off :)
Not for large people.
Best mattress!!
Five Stars
Love this mattress
Makes going to bed the perfect destination
I love my Tuft & Needle Mattress
Happy in bed
No problem with the bed.
Great product
Four Stars
good
I love my Tuft & Needle
Two Stars
It has good support. Cons- The mattress is more on the ...
Comfortable, Great Quality
Ahhhhmazing.
So comfortable
Feels like sleeping on the floor
Great comfort.
Very comfortable, excellent value
GREAT product!
... for going on 2 months and have never slept better!
Two Queens & A Twin
Good mattress, but definitely not firm
Super comfortable! I love that as a single woman ...
Pretty Great So Far
Amazing Mattress, Amazing Price
Five Stars
Excellent quality and comfortable mattresses!
Five Stars
The best mattress I have ever owned!
Great mattress
Nice
Four Stars
BOSS
So easy
this bed had given me the best sleep!
The pain has subsided and I am getting great sleep! Would recommend this mattress to anyone and ...
so far so good, comfortable not to warm sleeping on it
Five Stars
An amazingly comfortable mattress for a really reasonable price!
Four Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Best deal for the money
... Tuft & Needle the matteress topper and know we love our Tuft & Needle matteress and topper
Fantastic so far. Will update.
Five Stars
GREAT BED!
Better than the other one I got.  UPDATE Not really.
Be careful buying a mattress without trying it out first!
Look no further!
After one year
It's a fantastic mattress; by far the best I've ever owned ...
Easy Assembly. Sturdy build. Looks great
Four Stars
Sleeping on Sunshine?
It is very comfortable.
Just right!
Five Stars
This mattress is amazing! Provides firmness with a soft top layer that ...
broke in nicely at first and less than 60 days in already ...
Five Stars
Best nights sleep
Firm mattress
Give it a few weeks it gets a lot better
This is a lot better than the generic memery foam I had
Great purchase
Five Stars
Best Mattress!
Too soft
as good as advertised
I really don't have anything bad to say about it
Great mattress!!!
it's good for stuff
It's amazing how supportive the mattress is
Five Stars
Best sleep in a long time
Four Stars
WE LOVE IT!
Five Stars
The best bed I ever owned
Great Mattress.
High value for a good night's sleep!
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
... & Needle mattress we have purchased and are extremely pleased with both
Love this mattress!
Love it
Best night sleep in a long time.
good bed, good company but it wasn't for me
Five Stars
Three Stars
Still amazing that this mattress came in a box
Great mattress! I have had it for ~6 months ...
Five Stars
Perfect mattress!
love
Four Stars
After 8 months, it’s literally good for garbage.
so far so good. seems quite comfortable and a great price comparatively
Very comfortable
A good nights rest, finally!
Best purchase
Five Stars
Recommended
Great company, still have back pains
First few nights with this bed has been great so far
THE best mattress I have ever slept on
Five Stars
Simple, Firm, Comfy, Fantastic!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
MMM cozy
Five Stars
best ever
Five Stars
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
My love bed
Great Mattess
Highly recommend this mattress.
GREAT MATTRESS!!!
Five Stars
Fantastic mattress
It was easy to set up and I felt that it was ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Thank you Tuft and Needle! I sleep great!
Wonderful Mix of Firm and Soft and a Great Value!
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Never lose sleep
Best purchase ever
Five Stars
For a Good Nights Rest Purchase a Tuft & Needle Bed!!
Excellent Mattress
So far I like it, Not as sore anymore
Soft, good support, heavy
Great mattress, a little firm to start out.
Great product, Great price, Great delivery!
Pretty legit after ~2yrs
Hate
So far this mattress is not as comfortable as I thought it would be
Five Stars
still love it!
Firm, quality mattress at a great price
Five Stars
Added a padded mattress cover. Needed to air out ...
and I have never slept better. Would give it ten stars if I could
Best Mattress Purchase
Never going to a big store again.
I am not happy with the support
Best customer support we have ever experienced.
... a few days reading about this mattress and others like it. First thing I will say is that ...
Failed to deliver
Papa bear says this one is just right for me.  I should get one for my baby bear too.
Great comfort and customer service.
This was found to be.. just as advertised .
Absolutely LOVE our new mattress
Five Stars
So far so good. It does have an odor that seems to ...
Love!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Tuft & Needle Twin XL Mattress, Bed in a Box, T&N Adaptive Foam
Four Stars
Comfortable, thoughI would personally prefer a bit firmer
Soldier on with Tuft and Needle
Best Bed I've Ever Owned. Least Expensive One Too!
its good now. thanks
Great value, no issues over the first 45 days
Still love it 7 months in
Comfortable
Good bed
Five Stars
but still firm enough for a good sleep.
Four Stars
but after a couple weeks this is the best mattress I have ever had
I would order a memory foam topper for it
Good Price But Too Stiff For Me
Great price for a product of high quality but just don't know if is right for me...
Great mattress for the price.
Simply Awesome
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good value
LOVE
This is a great bed
Five Stars
Great finish on this product.
This product is amazing! Absolutely love it and is extremely comfortable
First Night = Amazing!
Five Stars
Great buy for the money
too comfortable. All my friends love
Like camping
Love it!
Love
Amazing Quality
It is very comfortable, it is on the soft side but does ...
Happy wife
Five Stars
Sleeps well
Best purchase of the year
Perfect mattress for me
Always will own a tuft and needle bed!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great mattress!
... from this company It’s comfy and fresh not hot best part.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great bed.
what a great night sleep for BOTH of us
Five Stars
good night sleep
Two Stars
Five Stars
Fall asleep in minutes!
Five Stars
A living and candid review. (From 5 stars to 3 stars after ~100 days)
Great buy
A comforable Mattress Indeed
Nice job Tuft & Needle for being honest and making a great product
Four Stars
I really want to like this mattress...
Best Bed I've had.
Five Stars
Great product, great price, right to my door.
Five Stars
My daughter stated that she wished it was just a ...
Five Stars
Good bed for the working class
BEST BUY
Five Stars
Great price
Love it!
so far so go
Love it!
Worst sleep of my life!!
Fast and easy setup
Just as comfortable, but not as soft because it lacks the ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good so far!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
I have had this mattress for 6months with zero issues ...
Five Stars
I'm going to have to look at another mattress as my back has not hurt this bad in a long time
Came in two days and been sleeping like a baby since
HELL YES TUFT & NEEDLE
AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE even if bed didn't work out
love it
A Solid Meh
Sleep well!
Great mattress.
Five Stars
It's been a few weeks, the wife and I ...
10 inches of sleeping bliss
Great mattress
Five Stars
Good Value
First time buyer
... on the mattress for about 4 months and is great, best sleep I gotten totally would recommend
Five Stars
Good Mattress
I am very happy with my Tuft & Needle 10-inch mattress
Five Stars
Bed bed in the entire universe
Great, if you like a firm mattress
nice and firm
Great company!
aaaahhhhhh
Five Stars
Five Stars
Return policy is better if you buy from Tuff & Needle
Great value for comfort and quality, but the "gassing" is a bit much
Five Stars
Very nice mattress with a good message
I absolutely love this mattress
good but a little soft
Four Stars
Perfect mattress!!
Very good
The most comfortable mattress
Excellent Product.
Five Stars
Don't think, just buy
A Very Good Night's Sleep!
Was comfortable for a few days before I experienced neck pain ...
Five Stars
My wife and I love it. Been sleeping on it for three weeks ...
Great Buy!
Ok mattress,
Five Stars
A Cloud
Five Stars
Can I survive sleeplessness and pain for 100 days?
Very firm, but a good buy
Five Stars
Five Stars
... nervous about purchasing a mattress on line but are super happy with the mattress
Five Stars
Five Stars
After using for 3 months, I don't feel its ...
Great Sleep
Happiness in a rectangle.
Hard memory foam
Firmer than expected
Five Stars
Almost perfect
THE BEST
Five Stars
Great bed for a great
Five Stars
Supports - no sinking
Great!
disappointed. I was looking to be amazed with sunshine ...
Good nights sleep
Five Stars
Highly Recommend
Very good quality.
Delivered late
Ansered to question
Just OK . . .
Five Stars
Five Stars
Firm but not too firm
Love it so far
Three Stars
Worth Every Penny
Great mattress, great quality, great price.
Five Stars
Very happy!
Four Stars
Love this mattress!
A great deal, very comfortable!
extremely simple and comfortable as
Affordable mattress
This thing has been nothing short of amazing..
Comfort 5 stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best choice ever
Recommended by a friend and I bought it for my ...
ONE OF THE BEST!!!
Very comfy.
tuft
Very happy with the mattress so far
Five Stars
Five Stars
So Disappointed To Be So Disappointed!
Bed hug
Worth it
You'll will love this mattress!
Beware
Five Stars
Perfect amount of softness and firmness
Super comfortable. Has a weird smell that I am ...
Five Stars
Great deal!
So comfortable!! I am really bad about snoring
Mediocre and uncomfortably warm
Customer service perfect, heat and firmness the issue
Firmness
Great mattress at a great price, and convenient delivery
Five Stars
The mattress is good quality and has good support but it is too ...
Four Stars
Comfortable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it!
Great Mattress
Five Stars
Pregnant wife hated it..... now likes it
Excellent
Awsome mattress
SLEEP WELL with T& N.
I'll just say OMG
Five Stars
Totally satisfied from the first night I slept on it
Five Stars
great mattress for great price!
Comfortable, like sleepy in heaven
Glad we ourchased
Comfy
Not impressed
Life Changing Mattress!
Five Stars
Very comfortable and love the fact it is not toxic like ...
Great if you're interested in the Japanese sleep system
Five Stars
Awesome mattress.
Pretty good matress
I am having a much better night's sleep
Comfortable
What are you waiting for?
Four Stars
Tuft and needle
So happy
You wont regret it!!
I LOVE THIS BED
Five Stars
Nice So far so good
As advertised
Good price, but not as comfortable as a traditional mattress.
By far one of the best mattresses I have ever owned
Five Stars
Soft and comfort
Four Stars
I am so sad that this isn't working for me.
woah, thats firm
Do not recommend
Five Stars
Great comfort for a good price.
Three Stars
So far this mattress has been a good fit, as I have back and neck issues
Love this mattress
In love!
love it so much I bought another for the other ...
This should have been Oprah's favorite things. This mattress has literally changed my life
The perfect mattress for little $$$!
Everything as Adverised
Stay away from Tuft and needle...here is why
Great Mattress, especially for the price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Haven't slept better in years
Five Stars
Comfortable, cool, and reasonably priced
Right choice after much contemplation
Five Stars
Large man buys a better mattress.
Awesomely comfy mattress
Buy it
Best purchase you'll ever make on a bed!
Very comfortable. Perfect level of firmness for me
Goodnights
No more aches and pain in the morning!
Awesome!
Can not go wrong
Firm but soft
❤️
Five Stars
Five Stars
it is extremely comfortable.
Five Stars
On the couch pondering my regrets
Five Stars
Great product
Five Stars
I gave it a shot, but i will be replacing
Great mattress, best sleep ever
but am very glad that I did
Great Mattress!!!
Nice bed
Not a one size fits all bed: too firm; Amazon's Large Item Return Dept: Amazing!
held up great with rough toddlers
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wow these are awesome mattresses! Really comfortable and they don't off-gas terrible ...
Mattress
Five Stars
Great buy. No initial problems (odor)
but still very comfortable. It took very little time to expand
Had so much promise
Caused me back pain
Great product!
Crazy awesome bed. My small boy is growing like a ...
One night stands refuse to leave. Boyfriends try to move in.
Too firm/ hard.
Five Stars
Great mattress
👍🏼
With a 100-night warranty, what can you lose???
I wanted to like it, but I couldn't
Awesome Mattress!!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best sleep ever
Love love love my bed and loved the price even ...
Great for the money spent
Great mattress!
Five Stars
Great mattress for the money
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very comfortable and solid
Love it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
No Words
Great mattress, better support (pun intended)
Side sleepers should check this out. For the price way worth it!
Wife wanted a matress. Looked and chose this. ...
Great bed
There was no chemical odor and were enjoying a very comfortable, good night's sleep that same evening
Great at first but then just ok....
Easy to set up and comfortable.
Two Stars
ITS MAD GOOD. I GOT 1 FOR MY MOM AND IT ...
Sleeps wonderfully. Best thing I ever bought from Amazon
wonderful mattress!
Comfortable!
This mattress is wonderful, great price
It's like sleeping on a pillow
Masterclass customer service.
Worth it even for a frugal dude like me.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
truly wanted to like this mattress
Delivery and packaging was great. It does weigh nearly 100 pounds
... ago and both mine and my boyfriend's backs feel amazing!! It is the best mattress I've slept ...
Just what i was looking for
Five Stars
Great price
Great Mattress!
Fourteen hours. I guess I was tired. And comfy:)
Pretty much as advertised
Five Stars
Best Mattress Ever
if you like a firm
Tuft & Needle Queen Mattress.
best sleep ever
It has given me many amazing nights of sleep
Five Stars
but after 3 months of use I can honestly say that this is the most comfortable mattress I have
Five Stars
There are no words...
Perfect for me
Needs improvement.
NOT "The Internet's Most Comfortable Mattress" (TM)
Great mattress for the price
Love this mattress.
Side Sleepers Take Note
Four Stars
Four Stars
Not for me.
Four Stars
Worth every penny
Great mattress!
Five Stars
Second purchase
Good night's sleep night after night
Comfort
This Ben is more firm but I love it. It sleeps cool and reforms back to ...
It's a pretty good mattress for those on a budget
One Star
So ridiculously comfortable. I have had back pain forever and in ...
Very comfy. Met expectations. Doesn't make sense to ...
Mattress
Firm but yet comfortable
COMFORTABLE!!!!
Great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Unusable: too soft to sit on or sleep on.
Five Stars
Hot!
Five Stars
Great mattress, starts off firm but after a few ...
Five Stars
Not for me
Five Stars
Very comfortable. Finally a bed that we both agree on
Five Stars
Five Stars
I love it~
Five Stars
Has been the best bed we've owned and at a fraction of the ...
Best mattress ever
Awesome!
Five Stars
Five Stars
excellent bed!
Four Stars
Four Stars
Good mattress, on Time delivery
Great matress!!
Wonderful sleep
Sleep
Will never buy another mattress!
Exceeded my expectations.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best. Mattress
Zero edge support
Hurts me say but after a few months bed has lost its support and dented in
Decent quality, great price, not for me.
Thoroughly Impressed!
Before we started sleeping on the Tuft and Needle, ...
i like it. i had purchased a plush mattress cover ...
Five Stars
Sleeping like a baby
Non-Traditional Way to Get a Bed
Five Stars
i like it, the man thinks its just ok
Four Stars
Absorbs Movement, Totally Comfortable, Absolutely Perfect
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Perfect Choice
... day or two to adjust but the support is great. If you like to sleep on the edge ...
All reservations aside
... for a month and a half now and we love it! no more aches and pains
but after 4 months we both can say that we love it. Like many who have reviewed this mattress ...
Very comfortable mattress. Tuft & Needle is a great company ...
Seriously the best bed Ive ever owned and the price is right ...
Go for it!
Five Stars
Sweet deal
Didn't work for us.....
Great bed
Wish I had a do-over
Five Stars
Love it!
Enjoying the wonderful sleep received from mattress
5-star rating!
Five Stars
I love this mattress
Comfortable
Five Stars
Nice mattress
Five Stars
Box is heavier than it looks.
Great mattress for the price
Five Stars
One of the best thing i've ever purchased
Four Stars
nice amount of firmness
This is a pretty bad product
This bed is comfortable and he actually fits on it
Very pleased with our mattress
Five Stars
Five Stars
a really comfortable matteress
this mattress is so comfortable and is amazing quality
Three Stars
Zzzzzzz
Five Stars
NOT THRILLED
Five Stars
Never slept better!
Mattress
Best mattress for the money!
Excellent product, 2 months after getting it and I ...
And so far we love it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing!
Top of the line !
Most comfortable bed ever!
Five Stars
Good Matress not accurate sizing for twin XL
good mattress, just needs more support for stomach and side sleeps.
I have recommended this mattress to friends and family
To firm for side sleepers
Soft Mattress Good For Side Sleeper
Five Stars
... for a few months now and I couldn't be happier! At first
Five Stars
Best Mattress
The bed is comfortable. It is not the greatest quality mattress int ...
Comfort, no pain with this mattress.
the best mattress I've ever owned
Nice mattress. Had lower back pain after sleeping on ...
Three Stars
No 100 night trial on Amazon
Best bed ever
but really nice. I am happy with my purchase
It is firm and comfortable.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thoroughly Satisfied With This Purchase
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Regretfully Disappointed
I love this bed, comfort at its finest!
Five Stars
At last
Great product
We love this mattress
Ha! night activities!
Return Policy Headache
Five Stars
This mattress is amazing. Definitely firm
very good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great purchase, super comfortable and value!
Awesome
YAY
Five Stars
Five Stars
Your opinion may differ....
Softer than expected
Five Stars
IF YOURE CHOOSING BETWEEN CASPER, HELIX, PURPLE BED, AND OTHER STARTUPS .....
Best Matress Ever!!!!
Fantastic after break in!
this is the second one I have ordered great deal for the price
The company has a nice, trendy logo
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great mattress! Best investment I've made in a long ...
Five Stars
Great nights sleep!
Five Stars
I think it's pretty good and most likely cooler than other foam mattresses
Could possibly be the best purchase I've ever made
Five Stars
best mattress ever
Five Stars
Very happy great service Great product
Best. Sleep. Ever.
Go for it!
Probably great for people who like a firm mattress
Too soft and waking up with back pain
... size several months ago for my bedroom and really like it. very comfortable
Five Stars
Four Stars
This mattress is super comfy and was really easy to get set up
Love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
but the mattress was in great shape. Been very pleased with it so far ...
Five Stars
This is the best mattress. It arrived in a box
Buy this mattress!
Perfection
Skeptical, but pleasantly surprised!
Love it
Best bed we've had
Five Stars
Don't expect it to be great. Or at least
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
At first, I thought it was exactly what I was looking for.
Great nights sleep!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good buy no wait best buy.
How do they fit it in the shipping container is amazing.
Five Stars
Easy set up from a small box
Five Stars
No more back pain
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fits beautifully on our Ikea slatted platform bed frame
Five Stars
Very good mattress especially for individuals with back problems.
Fast and awesome!
Highly recommended by a PTA
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Poor shipping via UPS
Exactly as advertised
Definitely recommend it!
Buy this mattress. You'll be glad you did!
AMAZING! Would buy again!  Would buy for friends or the relatives I like. :-)
Five Stars
Four Stars
its the best damn purchase yet
Depends on what you like I guess.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Bed
Best sleep I have ever had!
Five Stars
I'm a new fan!
Five Stars
Great Mattress
Great Product + Great Service = Successful Company ...very impressed so far!
Two Stars
Amazon needs to add another star specifically for this product!
Not adjustable compatible. See: pics.
Great Purchase
Five Stars
Five Stars
On a cloud
Five Stars
Five Stars
Highly recommended.  You get 90 day trial if you go direct.  Amazon only offers 30 days.
Breaks the Chain of Inflated Mattress Stores.
1st Memory Foam Type Mattress
5-star
Great night sleep!
Be Aware of Poor Shipping Material
Five Stars
Get this mattress
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it!
Most comfortable bed ever.
soft and stable and easy to unpack
Best night sleep I've had in years
High Quality, Reasonable Price, Made in America
Indentation after 6 months
Five Stars
Problem-free ordering and delivery! Mattress dimensions are an inch ...
Same warranty as a $3600 mattress.
Five Stars
Fantastic Mattress and a great deal!
Excellent Firm Replacment Mattress for Great Price.
Amazing
BEST MATTRESS EVER
Best I've ever owned
Comfortable and Plush Mattress!
It was great! We like a firm support mattress
This is the best mattress I've ever owned
Five Stars
Five Stars
i set it on bed. Actually waited three days ...
Five Stars
... on my own comfort as long as he is comfortable. But the industry doesn't make it any easier ...
and we BOTH LOVE IT!
Five Stars
This is the mattress you're looking for.
Four Stars
Comfort
Regardless of the price this is a great mattress. Lower back pain is erased every morning
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A little too firm for me
I love this mattress
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best sleep I've had in years!
A good night's sleep
Good night's rest
Amazing, I'm in heaven!! Great purchase.
Fantastic value & quality!
Sleeping so much better. Wish edges were a little stiffer when you ...
Five Stars
We like T&F mattresses
Five Stars
Reviews weren't wrong
This is my second tuft and needle mattress and we ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Would buy again
YES BELIEVE IT ! IT STAYS COOL ON YOUR SKIN ! UNLIKE THE OTHER MATTRESSES IN THIS TYPE! SLEEPING GREAT!
THIS MATTRESS CHANGED MY LIFE!!
Tuft and Needle is a clear winner over Casper
I can't say enough good things about this mattress
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
it may be to good not sure
but since my wife liked the mattress I boosted it to a 3 star
Looks like the return process is going to be a bigger ...
Great comfort. Great price.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Meh.
Five Stars
Better than expected
You won't regret this purchase
Four Stars
Very nice!!...great value for money.
Amazing Mattress
would buy again
Five Stars
If Juan Ponce de Leon had one of these to sleep on...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It has been one of the smartest amazon purchases I have made and I always tell my friends about it very comfortable and the pack
Five Stars
Wouldn't buy again
Five Stars
Love it!
On the Fence
Five Stars
passionately in love with this bed
Five Stars
Amazing bed!
Five Stars
Not for us.
great value!
Great buy
Five Stars
Way too firm
Great price for a great product
I do like this mattress
this has got to be the BEST mattress I've ever slept on
A PRETTY COVER IS NOT WORTH HUNDREDS MORE
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Oh so comfortable!
Fine at first, failed a year in..
Five Stars
Great Mattress. Unfortunately Amazon sent me the wrong size ...
Five Stars
Great mattress. Firm for sure.
Awesome
Bouncy, not good.
Five Stars
Great mattress if you don't mind having the side collapse ...
Great experience and VERY comfortable!
Awesome mattress just three perfect amount of support and firmness
Back Pain
Nice Quality on the Firm side
Go for it
Mattress was comfortably firm. Topped it with a memory foam topper ...
Had this mattress for 6 months now love it love it I can't say anything bad about ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
love
Highly Recommend
best ever slept on
Allergy Symptoms associated with mattress
This is a great product!
Love our new mattress
Way too soft !
YEs me & my 100lb daughter got it upstairs alone
Nothing but Regret
Best mattress at this price. Great value buy.
Five Stars
Amazing...
By far best for it's price range, but not a miracle bed.
Four Stars
Not too happy about that
After a year
On the Fence - VERY Marshmallowy
Five Stars
Great Mattress
Recommend highly!
Very pleased with this mattress
Five Stars
I tried this mattress out for 10 nights before moving ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
excellent product! Very comfortable and will buy again
I can't believe my back!  This thing is AMAZING.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
To hard. Not comfortable.
18 months ago I purchased a King mattress and have Loved it! I just bought this one for my ...
Hard as a rock
Not as heavy as expected
Very comfortable, we bought 2 twins for our sons and ...
Three Stars
Sooooo comfortable!
Early but good
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It is a great product at a price that is hard to argue with
DON'T BUY!! FIRMEST MATTRESS IN THE WORLD AND SMELLS HORRIBLE!!
Great Mattress
Five Stars
First couple of months, seemed fine
BEST SLEEP EVER!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Glad I took a chance
... time to do so is because this mattress is pretty phenomenal. I was at first skeptical about purchasing ...
Love it!
Buy Direct from T&N.
Exactly the Mattress I wanted
Five Stars
Its firm but I like that.  I woke with no pain after the first night.
The mattress did not even come in a box like a lot of the less expensive units do
Five Stars
Five Stars
So far, so good
Love this mattress so far
... this mattress for over a year and I absolutely LOVE this mattress
Five Stars
Five Stars
... using a month I can say that it is comfortable as ever
Five Stars
TERRIBLE PRODUCT
the mattress is too firm like it doesn't hug the body and it isn't cooking ...
This is an excellent mattress
T&N Adaptive Foam Mattress Slumps
Five Stars
Five Stars
Really like this mattress!
Five Stars
So super comfortable, I love it
Five Stars
Hit buy now
Five Stars
Great buy
Mattress topper or not, too firm, back pain
The first one is still going strong and I liked it enough that I bought another for myself
Five Stars
10/10 Will sleep on again
Holy crap, I don't know what you're doing with your ...
Too soft anywhere close to the edges!
Wonderful quality and so easy to set up
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great night's sleep
It was the first time ever in my life that I had a great night of sleep away from my home
Not the one.
Great price, which included delivery and a 10-year warranty
Five Stars
It's light and very nice to have as an extra guest bedroom mattress
Sleeping Good Now!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Ridiculous price change! Very disappointed.
EXCELLENT QUALITY & VALUE FOR MAONEY
Four Stars
THANK YOU!
Superior Quality at Low Cost
Five Stars
Good for the price, but not amazing
Nice quality, but too firm
This mattress is very firm. Night three. My ...
Five Stars
Strongly recommend!
... a side sleeper loves this mattress and actually got better full night sleep time
Five Stars
Sometimes I actually get in my bed and laugh at how comfortable I am.
Great deal for a great mattress!
Bummer
I did lay on it & it seems nice & firm
Five Stars
Awesome for 1. Not as good for two sleepers
Five Stars
Cool mattress in a cool box
Five Stars
Not for side sleepers, getting rid of after a year
We sleep well on it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Started off hard and hot
Great
Great bed!
Five Stars
Watch a video to see it unfold
Best mattress out there!!!
Five Stars
Hard as a rock.
The return will cost you over $100
Good mattress to sleep on your back but not so much comfy to sleep on the edges or to twist and turn
Way too hard for a memory foam mattress
Pleasantly surprised!
Cleared up my misconceptions about high-quality memory foam
Five Stars
I would have returned this awhile ago, however I ...
Great if you like a soft bed; too soft for me.
Five Stars
READ THIS REVIEW BEFORE YOU BUY!
We LOVE it
Best bed I have ever had.  Wish I had purchased it years ago!
Wrong size catastrophe
My husband said the only problem with the bed is that we need a louder alarm clock to help us get up and going- It is so comfortable. We are not small people and my husband ...
Five Stars
Not Comfortable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Most uncomfortable!
Pleasantly Surprised and Delighted
Awesome bed
Too firm for side sleeper
Great Bed
Too firm for light people! Can't sleep at all.
I LOVE, LOVE this mattress
I do not understand how the reviews are so good. There is no edge support so you squish ...
Only a 30 day trial
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent mattress
Five Stars
Too soft. Edges collapse when you sit on them ...
Too hard for this girl.
Sleep Eze
Won't regret trying it!
Great for stomach and side sleepers not for back
Didn't work out for us
Five Stars
Five Stars
What a great Mattress !
Fantastic mattresses
Too soft, way too soft
I generally like firm mattresses
5 star company! Don't sleep on this mattress... right out of the box.
Very stiff mattress and got hit with the recent price hike.
Really, really, really too firm
It was fine for first 6 months
Terrific mattress, very soft and comfortable
Lower back pain on a daily basis...
Meh. Landfill within two years
So Glad I Bought a Tuft & Needle Mattress
You could look for a different mattress, but then you'd have to live with the knowledge that you are wrong
Excellent mattress in most regards
Too soft for me
It took about a month to get a good night's sleep
Great mattress great price USA made!
Two Stars
I love that the mattress was low cost
does it suppose to look like this?
Truncated Return Policy a Big Problem
Side sleepin' curvy girls move on. This is not the one for you.
Better than Temperpedic
Trial is meaningless given you won't be able to box it up again after expansion.
We really like this mattress
So far so good
Worth Every Penny !
Feels like a dream, offgasses like a nightmare
After 5 months of sleeping on this bed, I ...
The best mattress ever.
Great Product, Fair Price, Sleeping Like a Baby!
Comfort right out of the box.
Sorry it wasn't as comfortable as I thought
Previously we had spent thousands of dollars on mattresses that we were only happy with for a few months
Good mattress for the price - but it is quite firm.
Great mattress... supports the back well
Best mattress I have ever slept on
Think before you buy!
Too Thin, I expected more from them.....
Worth it
Better than I thought it would be
Great product!
Great for the average person, not for those with a few extra pounds.
Great mattress.
So far, so good!  Great mattress!
I am not sure we are going to keep this ...
At this point, I would rather sleep on the floor.
Good for 1 sleeper bad for 2
Buy for the" rest "of your life.
It came in a box that was easy for moving
They have great reviews, so I gave them a try
Good bed delivered to the door!
Best Value in Mattress in a box
Good company.
No support at all
I was super excited to get this mattress
Three Stars
I love this mattress
THIS MATTRESS IS A BRICK! NOT FOR SIDE SLEEPERS! DON'T BUY!!!
Very Firm Bed
Ouch!
Depends upon the night.
Read all reviews
Nice mattress
Very dissatisfied with this mattress
I am planning to return the product pretty soon. Some review of this mattress portrayed this ...
This mattress is Satan
Review
Does the job.
After 50 years of marriage... this is it.
Too hot
Would not recommend.
This bed is really comfortable so far will be updating in a few weeks
Five Stars
The Uber of mattresses
We love the mattress -- not too soft and not too ...
Not for everyone...
Tuff & Needle Queen Mattress
This mattress is very comfortable and firm
Firm everywhere but edges
Nice for the grandkids.
I am amazed by this mattress
Very mediocre. Overhyped. Feels cheap.
It is a comfy matress. But arrived with a ...
This mattress is perfect! I was already used to a firm mattress
Five Stars
Four Stars
Receiving this mattress was a good part of experience
This was recommended by a friend
and have always been pretty healthy. I soon developed a sinus infection followed ...
Great Mattress
Great buy.
Hard.
Five Stars
Four Stars
... this mattress for almost a month now and it’s amazing! Once i fall asleep i stay asleep
There is room for Improvement here.!
I love it
Love it and the price is amazing.
I'm currently looking for a good mattress topper hoping​ that will help ease the firmness ...
Wondered.
What a Mistake
One Star
Nice mattress, but still up in the air about  it...
Two Stars
A Black Hole of comfort
This mattress is FIRM. Not impressed so far.
Easily packaged and shipping was great. Bed isn't as firm as I'd like, but it's a good mattress.
The mattress is high quality but ended up being a ...
I've never had back issues and since I got this ...
Great sleep since purchasing
Amazing bed with superior comfort
Awesome mattress but had to return cause it didn't work ...
Four Stars
) - we are thrilled to be sleeping on this wonderful mattress when we visit
Five Stars
Four Stars
The mattress is very, very firm. This was ...
but it put my back in a position that became painful after a few hours
Cold in winter
LOVE THIS BED really soft but not to soft cool ...
In LOVE with our mattress!
Comfortable
Best purchase I've made in a while.
Two Stars
Good quality not happy about upcharge
Five Stars
I seems to be a quality mattress and very comfortable. My partner really likes it
it is probably the most comfortable mattress I've ever owned
Excellent purchase. Very comfortable to sleep on
Comfort is great. Excellent value
Five Stars
... few days ago and I can't tell you how happy I am with it
Five Stars
... this mattress for about a month now and absolutely love it! It was a little firmer than my ...
Best mattress I've ever slept on!
Amazon Return Policy Is a Mess
great mattress
One Star
Buy this mattress!
Too Soft (is that possible?)
Replaced my 27 yer old regular mattress
Awful product
Great service and delivery nonetheless
I love this mattress
Back Pain and No Options
I love it.
A+
7/5 it is too soft when sitting on it but is good to lie on
Still better than my old conventional mattress
This mattress is fine, but not great
Extremely disappointed!
who knew great things could come in small boxes
Great mattress best price for high quality
Four Stars
Excellent mattress. Bought a second one after trying the ...
BEST so far . . .
Coils Gone!
Hope my coffin this comfy
Five Stars
... I have had this mattress since December and I LOVE it!
we love it! I'm not sure I notice a whole ...
Five Stars
AAAAHH
Supportive!
Very Comfortable
Five Stars
Too Firm, very uncomfortable.
Best mattress i ever purchased!
Five Stars
We love it! Highly recommended!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Simply sleep!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best purchase on Amazon - EVER!
Very firm mattress
Returned a Casper for Tuft and Needle.
One love, one hate
Five Stars
Too firm
Five Stars
It's like jiffy pop
One Star
It's pretty ok mattress
Five Stars
Five Stars
Too firm
Five Stars
I'm in love with my new bed
hard
My husband likes it but I hate it. Ordered a medium firmness and I feel ...
Cal King Firm Mattress
Worst of both worlds
A BIT TO FIRM. WE WENT WITH CASPER BECAUSE ...
Five Stars
Starts good but gets very firm!
Three Stars
It is much firmer than I like. The mattress does nothing for heat
DO NOT BUY THIS ON AMAZON
Not Quite Firm Enough...
Not Supportive, Difficult Return
Five Stars
Best Mattress I've ever had.
Painfully hard bed.
Like Sleeping on a Yoga Mat, Very Firm
I LOVE this thing
Semi charmed kind of life.
I don't like the softness
Bed in a box, weird but a great product
I have terrible dust allergies and this mattress has neutralized them thus ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Way too hard
Absolutely love our new bed so comfortable
I Loved it, but my husband could not handle it
The bed is too firm. My buddy has the ...
No regrets! Perfect mattress!
I highly recommend this product for anyone wanting the best of the ...
Three Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Completely failed after only 6 months
Love it, gets better with time
Good deal
If I could give this mattress ten stars it wouldn't be enough!
Five Stars
be aware of the memory foam
Really comfy when you actually get it ON the box ...
Awesome Mattress!
The bed is comfy, but caused skin issues
Five Stars
Not "universally comfortable"
Five Stars
also their claim of cool sleeping is bogus
He says it is the most comfortable bed he has ever had
Good firm mattress, but it needed a little help from its friends
Five Stars
You get what you pay for
Get it!
Delayed deliver but comfy
Five Stars
Does have an odor, retains heat, and already ...
and less supportive than I'd like. This is understandable for a mattress that is ...
Absolutely the best sleep you can buy at a price that simply ...
Five Stars
Best matress we've ever laid on
good for anyone that likes a soft mattress
Five Stars
Not sure why people like this mattress
This is the worst mattress I have ever slept on
Awesome mattress. Very comfortable and I bought this mattress ...
Kills mine and my wife's lower back and mid spine ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
A few concerns but...
Great packaging/To firm for me
WAY TOO FIRM!!! Very stiff mattress especially for a 150lb person
Best Investment Ever!
Misleading reviews
Five Stars
Five Stars
Best mattress ever
Hard Hard Mattress!
Five Stars
Quality + Price = Awesome Sauce!!!
Good balance between firmness and BOUNCE ;)
so good. Will update in a few weeks
Quality is good, but not giving me the support I had ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Finally  a product that is the truth.
Sinks in
High hopes but disappointed
Five Stars
Sleepless in Seattle
Five Stars
Four Stars
I absolutely love it! The perfect mattress
Five Stars
Best mattress for your money
It is a great decision. I promise
This was purchased for my son but I slept on it several times hoping to love it. It is very firm with almost no ...
Definitely Not a Pillow Top
Five Stars
Easy, comfy, affordable
Great in the right circumstances
Not Firm, not as much support
Worth a try, but order from website for 100 night trial
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it
Four Stars
It's just simply wonderful. It's not the super soft kind of mattress ...
I'm also in love with your transparent pricing
TERRIBLE!!
Five Stars
Good mattress
Can I return this? On website it says that ...
Five Stars
Love it!
WELL ACTUALLY i LOVE THE WHOLE IDEA BUT THE MATTRESS WAS WAY SOFTER ...
Getting soft over time when we use it
We both dislike this mattress
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Strong chemical smell
The Perfect Mattress!
Wanted to like this one but wasn't happening
If I could send it back, I would.....I’ve had better
so when I went to lay on it for a good nights sleep
Extremely comfortable
but opening the vacuum seal and watching it spring forth rivals packing bubbles for cathartic fun!
IT ARRIVED TIMELY. THE BOX IS HEAVY AND ONCE ...
Mold under mattress.
Sent wrong item
She absolutely hated it. Too hard and never got used to ...
Absoutely the best mattress on the market.
Wanted to love it, but too firm.  I did find another great mattress.
VERY DISAPPOINTED! This mattress is HOT, HARD and smells like chemicals!!!
Five Stars
Great memory foam mattress
After a while it sleeps quite nicely.
This bed is fine for sleeping but nothing else
Don't buy a bed online unless you've already tried it out.
One year later...
Heaven
Would not buy again
Three Stars
Horrible Chemical Smell
Not worth the savings.
Not worth the price.
Biggest waste of money
Two Stars
Great but Smells Bad
Over 50 backaches now thanks T&N
Two Stars
Way too firm, cheap feeling.
LOVE IT!!
I really wanted to love this mattress... but I don't.
Perfect for me.
One Star
I looked up in google found so may reviews n thought to give try till now satisfied hope to b in future too
Disappointed is not the word
Sleeping Injuries Every Night
It works for everyone does not mean it works for ...
3.5 thumbs up..
We are not satisfied.
but wish the company would have recommended a better supplier for "Box Springs"
back pain!
Too firm!
Five Stars
It's fine, as expected
Get body ache and don't feel comfortable at all
Returned it
I do not recommend
One Star
Five Stars
More suitable for women than men?
So far this bed is so uncomfortable. It is ...
Buyer beware
Exceeded expectations. Got this for my 2 year old ...
Stiffer than the sidewalk
Packaging damaged
Five Stars
Three Stars
DO NOT BUY ON AMAZON - too stiff for my comfort
Two Stars
measure your product
beware of the fine print - Amazon 30 day trial only
Best purchase of any kind I have ever made
This mattress is very soft and provides little support for ...
First night was not at all comfortable had a very restless night
Mattress is off-gassing toxic fumes - Must get it out of my house
Five Stars
Five Stars
Pain in my back, immediate return.
Five Stars
Excellent with modifications.
DON'T BUY THIS MATTRESS!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Mattress too soft to sleep on.
Too firm, even for my husband who can sleep ...
I know lots of people love this mattress - I don't
One Star
I liked the idea of the company
One Star
Like putting a yoga pad on concrete
Can't sleep on it because of the chemical smell.
Returned
Supper bummed about this purchase
Five Stars
The only thing that was good about this mattress was it's awesome return policy
RETURN/REFUND POLICY ON TUFT AND NEEDLE SITE IS DECEIVING.. if you must buy, purchase through Amazon. Read update!
One star for sleeping on the equivalent of the floor.
One Star
shop around you will get cheaper with better
Too soft- UPS won't accept return
Comes in small box
I read so many good reviews. About 45 minutes after going to bed ...
Do not use bed on slats.
The mattress does have a chemical smell that won't go away!
Very very very firm
King tuft & needle mattress
Too good to be true...and it's not.
Better than a $2,000+ tempurpedic
Doesn't come with instructions
Pennywise and pound foolish.  We wish we had not bought this.
Very confused
Don't waste your money.
One Star
More updates coming, not sold yet.
Five Stars
it like the rest of Mattress companies
The greatest and best mattress in the world. NOT a tribute.
One Star
I wish it were better.
Bad mattress and bad shopping experience
Buyer beware
Invest in showrooms please.
Kitten approved
One Star
and it wasn't super expensive. Although it did arrive quickly and was ...
VOCs through the roof
the packaging and unpackaging was really amazing. The first impressions of the mattress were very ...
I REALLY REALLY want to love this mattress.
Would be great if we were not expecting full mattress to fit ...
Need a new mattress already
8 months pregnant, sleeping peacefully with no discomfort! Husband's back pain gone!
Stop thinking about and do it!
EXCELLENT FOR SIDE SLEEPERS AND BACK PAIN SUFFERERS
Doesn't last, believe the reviews
this is terrible. It's VOC (volatile organic compound) overkill
Love it even after 2+ years!
Feels like it's missing a layer
I am now getting full credit AND I can keep mattress if i like..
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my new mattress!!!!
Tuft & Needle vs. Leesa
This mattress doesn't have good back support, doesn't breathe well(very hot), and will cause extremely bad back pain.
Great mattress - but YES you do have to break it in
Be very careful when moving the mattress, it doesn't ...
NOT SURE HOW TUFT AND NEEDLE GETS GOOD REVIEWS.
Three Stars
One Star
... second mattress purchase and there are much cheaper and better!
Very comfortable but sleeps hot
Easy to set up
Great Buy!
Do NOT Trust Tuft & Needle! Disappointing waste of time
A wonderfully comfortable mattress and an even more wonderful company!
Alright mattress, too firm and warm
3 years going strong!  Just wish it could travel with me
O wasted $475. 00 This mattress is to hard
Changed my life for the better
Not the bed for us.
Such slow processing from Amazon, but an amazing mattress.
Maybe ok for a guest room, not regular use
Great First Night Experience, Review for Heavy Set Users, Updated 2017-02-27
Loved it at the beginning and 2 years later, not so much.....
I want it gone immediately...
A softie
Good for others, not for me
We were nervous to purchase this mattress but everything was excellent.  Just trying to help.
I am a male age 78 and like to sleep in a more upright position
Read before buying!!
I Heartily Recommend This Mattress.
Supportive Slight Sink Comfortable!
Great mattress at a great price
No Support! Painful in 6 months +!!
Luxury Cot Fit for a Prison Cell
One Star
I will be replacing our other mattresses withT&N’s!
One Star
Two years later, not impressed
Better than our Tempurpedic, and just the right firmness. Best mattress we've slept on!
Prices went up by 20%
Most comfortable mattress ever!
Goodbye pillow top, hello T&N!
SOS
no matter how much we loved our waterbed
Firmness - I think the reviewer that stated it was about a 7 out of 10 was pretty close. I am a side sleeper and find ...
Best mattress I've ever bought!
4+ years in I STILL LOVE IT.
Buy this sleep factory, now
LOVE MY NEW BED!
works for a few months
I can't get comfortable whether on the side or back
LOVINGGGGGG my mattress!!!
Oh, my aching back!
We LOVE this Mattress. Best sleep EVER!
Smart Choice
I wish I had kept the T&N mattress and just purchased a mattress topper as the more expensive mattress is no better. I also read if you have a T&N ...
Amazing Mattress, Great Price
The saga of finding a good mattress solved
