Disappointing weaknesses and not a potential replacement for my bug ridden Arlo Pros
Blink XT was excellent!
A Picture That's Worth It!
UPDATE: BATTERY LIFE CLAIM IS A LIE. I DEFINITELY WOULD LIKE MY MONEY BACK.
A review from a Nest and Dropcam user
Inconsistent, poor support staff, unable to troubleshoot after mounted.
I caught the keying criminal in my apartment complex!
PURCHASE WITH THE KNOWLEDGE OF THE FAILURE POSSIBILITIES AND BLINK'S INEPT TECH DEPT
No one else gives you so much free recording like blink does so hopefully it's something that can be ...
I really wanted to like the Blink system but it ultimately didn't work with multiple cameras
Great System so far - I've read the one-star reviews and must disagree strongly
Horrible customer service with defective camera
Blink XT Not Ready for Prime Time
Battery life is not 2 years.
Simple set up, easy monitoring.
The SmartThings integration provided by a third party made the ...
50% failure rate, miserable customer support.
Only works when you don’t need it
Good Cameras, Terrible Company
Up-time is not reliable
Blink discontinues home integration support
Easy to install, BUT...
5 months in , I’ve had enough
Untrustworthy Company
What I loved most about Blink was that you could integrate it ...
Stopped working reliably after a few months
2 Years of Battery Life? No so much...
Where To Start?
It's "OK", but it could be so much better !!!
Works GREAT. Had a little difficulty on initial set up
Motion Sensing Slow to React
Unreliable!
Cannot go wrong with these systems!!
Fine if all you have is Blink, but don't trust them to work with others
Not Reliable
Caught a robber!
Excellent Video and Audio Quality, Night Vision and Overall Software Features Can be Improved
Mixed Feelings
Great deal for a starter security system
Poor connection, erractic motion detection.
Closed API
just received a 2 camera kit and the install was very easy, I also receive notification from the Blink app ...
Blink XT
Like it a lot!
Easily one of the Best Security Camera!
Great camera system that works well and is easy to use
I do not think the system is ready for sale, too many problems
Try to keep at level to people for maximum approach time.
I REALLLLYYYYY wanted to like this system...
it should work great. All it really requires is good wi-fi connectivity
Good for the price
I like it. I promptly received the kit with the ...
Package thief caught! See attached video
Battery life is a serious issue
Not worth the money
Totally disappointed in this
Customer Service / Warranty
Great job!
Android App and Cameras need some work.
It's not worth all the hype and extra expense
Don't waste your money!
Wireless, easy setup, hi-def, affordable, no fees
company discontinued service
Very easy to set up and you can monitor them from anywhere.
I won't buy another.
The camera worked great for a while
Battery lasts only a few weeks.
Good, Economic camera but with flaws
Dishonest Company
First Few Days
Decent cameras, worthless app. Updated: downgraded to 1/2 stars. Absolutely worthless Tech Support
Batteries lasted 2 months.
Returning mine like everyone else
Camera would make a better sponge...
Good cameras but app is lacking
Blinks are best for indoor cams. Iffy for outdoor usage.
AMAZING Product
Blink Disabled Integration with SmartThings breaking my home monitoring set-up.
Need work!
Good cameras with some horrific flaws. "system busy, please wait"
Easy to Install Piece of Mind.
Refurbished not new as advertised
Very very disappointed!
Great technology wasted on the mounting bracket
No Loud Alarm???
Great cameras and value
When it works it's great. Problem is it doesn't work way too frequently.
Works too well! What I mean by that is ...
10 Seconds of Vulnerability Built-In
Easy to use.
Delayed video.... not much of a "security" camera
"It may have been just the one I had"
Love hate relationship
Was expecting a lot more... Basic functionality is missing
Easy Install But Battery Life Is Poor.
Somebody should stand behind this product, but they did not
Easy to set up - Motion and Video
Wait for the next best thing. This isn’t it.
Read the Reviews THEN ORDER!
Extremely short range and not reliable to activate on alarm.
1 star for busy areas. 5 star for porch monitoring
Reaction time caution for some
Blink is not ready; sluggish app performance; questionable camera/sync module interoperability
Got tired by inconsistent and incomplete user guides and support pages ... UPDATED
So far it is working great motion sensitive is actually a little high started to ...
Blink's server overwhelmed?
NOT HD QUALITY!! RETURNED!
This crap made me feel like a big "I"
Catches everything but what you want it too...
Not impressed
I really love this camera and it has worked great for our ...
malfunctioning within 3 mths
2 year battery life not likely!
Short range.  Slow response.  Won't connect to wifi extender.
Spend your money on a Nest instead
You will need to buy more accessories to make this work--- and still may not be stratified
Good for the price
Poor image quality
If you find better let me know
Cheap and awful--avoid
Cameras never lie.
Terrible Mount
NO local storage, NO multiple users, NO pc access. Good cameras, garbage software.
Night Vision ...easy setup
Good when it works but buggy and unreliable.
They were so easy to hook up
Videos get deleted automatically.
Excellent Customer Service!
Decent little wireless camera!
Good quality video but not impressed overall.
Was happy with product until company disabled smartthings integration which is ...
Lacks many features available on less expensive products
Entry level price, high end features!
Needs some work
Worked great!
Very happy no complaints yet
Inconsistent
A nice camera system
Great in RV atmosphere
Easy to setup and install, but...
Great for smaller home or apartment, not feasible for average to larger home
Night Vision OK if not Near Street Lamps
really like the Blink camera systems
Won't Stay Online [RESOLVED]
Hoping the app is improved soon. No date or time stamp on videos.
So easy to install and use - great app!
Seem to work well.
Reasonably good installation is easy but it takes some effort to get everything dialed-in.
A+ A+ C- D-
I debated giving it a two star rating, but we do use it and it works OK.
Affordable Security
Pretty good compared to Arlo Pro wireless, but has issues
Unreliable. Needs reboots to keep working. Don’t trust it.
Blink security camera
Extremely frustrated - horrible
Night vision worked for less than a day
Cam not good for close actions
Pretty much worthless as far as I'm concerned.
Not what I expected
OK as a critter cam, but not HD at all, overpriced and not suitable for outdoor without rain protect
Simple, easy to setup, and no monthly fees...
everything else works well are very good, but it is a lie that the battery ...
Very unhappy with this camera
Sync Module failed after 18 hours - No support available through BLINK app. Only email support through PC....RESOLVED!
Caught a percocet thief... satisfied customer here
Works good, needs web viewer
Works OK and needs improvement
Bottom line: if you're looking for a perfect home security system, look elsewhere.
Love this system!
Blink Home Security Camera -  Small - EZ to Install - Excellent Pic - Night Vision - Date/Time Stamp
Not worth it, not ready yet.
outdoor camera does not last
ALWAYS WATCHING
Poor quality picture.
NOT for continuous viewing!!!
Great little camera system
Great system with no monthly fees
Pretty good on the electronics tech, not so much on the mechanical design tech.
Good for security
Does a good job in daylight
looks good, easy set up, doesn't do what its set to.
Great, but Read What It Does First
Faces are Indistinguishable
Almost there but still worth your money
Terrible Customer Service
Alerts work randomly and sync module connection is terrible.
I love it, but...
Works just like it should and destroys the competition.
If this unit's advertised capabilities will work for your application I would highly recommend it.
Not super impressed; biggest issues are flakiness and wireless range.
Battery Life Lies!
1 of 2 cameras malfunctioning w/in a month customer service is awful!
Impressive And Economical Peace Of Mind
Don’t buy these are not worth the price. Junk!
Overall, not impressed. Priced too high for the quality but free cloud storage.
The picture isn't too bad, but it doesn't cover as big of an ...
Undependable!!!!
Very flimsy construction, not up to the mark of Amazon brand
the other 2 work fine. The cameras were purchased for my brother and ...
This one matches up with the original kit I got ...
I absolutely love this home security camera
Cool concept, execution has some issues
I can’t even.....
A camera easy to setup and great results
Not worth the price
Great for a "BLINK" but not home security
Good wireless camera once you get strong WiFi connection
Add electrical outlet in attic,buy the 25ft usb cord,plug them into the outlet. Solve battery life.
Like the rest - SUB PAR
Good Cameras, Terrible Company
Mounting bracket for outside camera is poorly constructed (plastic!!)
Wanted to like these so bad.
Good Home Camera
Could be way better
Good start to home security - but there's some issues....
Solid wireless security camera with a few minor flaws
A must buy for anyone who gets packages delivered or parks in the driveway.
WAY-to-SLOW
DO NOT BUY!!!
No access via computer/persistent "continue" button for live steaming
Good for Vacation. Not good for preventing crime.
Didn't realize how happy the wife would be after installing these
Only sorta works with Alexa
I do not like the mounting bracket
Not recommended for home security
I wanted to like them, BUT....
These cameras don't work!!! Very disappointing
Added this to my three cameras, I already own. NO DOORBELL??
hard To connect and motion detection doesn’t seem to work at all
A good camera system worthy of its compeditors...
So far so good
Good looks and rugged
Good while it worked (customer service is absolutely the worst).
Will not connect very well if you have a brick home
THIS SECURITY SYSTEM DOES NOT RECORD ANYTHING
4 stars considering the price
Exactly as Shown! - Work wonderfully!
several quality control issues
Good camera, clear images, easy to dial in....but.
Great buy after HOURS of researching
Sunflares set it off otherwise I'm pretty happy
Great purchase for pool owners
Great camera to catch mail theives with!
Way too sensitive.
GLITCHES OCCURING.  inital recommendation for family with teens
Blink XT is a Winner
Works great!
Did not expect this from Amazon. Dissapointing.
This little system is excellent!
Good quality system.
Blink XT Home Security Camera System with Motion Detection
Does a good job for the price - here's what you should know...
Terrible battery life, night vision, and motion detection
You want an easy-to-setup-and-use camera? THIS is easy!
Buy a better system.
Using at a camp with solar power
An All Plastic Product
Excellent; almost a miracle, within its limitations
Configuration Resets
Absolutely not safe!
Close, but room for improvement, particularly the android app
Claims are correct but battery life is not and misleading
Great price , short battery life
Lack development
Very portable easy to install
Very Good Technology
Wireless Security
price difference and lag time
Contains many flaws and didn't work at all.
Inexpensive peace of mind
MOTION DOES NOT WORK THROUGH WINDOWS!
Easily activated
Not ready for prime time.
Too many Issues
Easy set up.  Lousy mounting bracket
5 sec recording only
Great camera that is easy to setup and use
For the price it's very limited, Somewhat disappointed!
A very decent system, overall!  But....perhaps not enough on its own.
Wow. The motion detection is amazing.
The delay between sensing motion and recording is too great
OK For Wildlife Recording Around Home, But NOT As Security Camera
Good detection of movement
Small Size and Awesome Battery, but Otherwise Limited
mountingbracket is the weak link
Could Be Better; Can These Be Improved?
Good concept, however has a long way to go - Poor night vision quality
Significant connectivity issues
Almost as good as Arlo Pro 2
Powerful and easy to install - but doesn't send images to Alexa
Way better than Simplisafe and less expensive too!!
Tempermental and failed after short operationperiod
It was easy to add the camera to the existing system
Blink camera save me and my family from injury or possible death
Promising device but not there yet...
Not nearly as good as I’d hoped
Recovered after appearing dead for a day...
Honestly, quality is pretty awesome however some issues
Great Purchase!!!
Detects motion. It does not detect noise.
Highly not recommend
Reasonable capabilities for the price
Not recommended as a security camera
Settle down - it can also be plugged in for power
Good Quality Video and Easy Setup
The app is the deal breaker!
Amazing product, only one thing would make it perfect for me
great for the price
Absolute garbage.
Don’t do it!!!!!
The longer I have these cameras, the more I regret getting them.
it's ok not great, looking for something better.
Love it but 1 (Read for long range help)
Only a few hours and live feed not working!
Seems to work well, but company has terrible quality control—had to get both components replaced.
Exceeds My Expectations
Mixed results - I would pass if doing it over.
I was waiting for more time to pass
functional, not worth full price
Hit or Complete Miss - mine missed the barn completely
Good, not great product
Great for Cat Trapping
Could Be Better
Worst Setup Guide I've Seen
Exactly as expected
A great first attempt, next gen should be even better hopefully.
Easy to install, easy to use
Great Affordable Camera System
Love It
Unreliable. Should be called Blank XT
Great little outdoor cameras you can put anywhere!
Good Cameras and Does What I Need
Easy set up and reasonably reliable.
It worked fine for a majority of that time but once I ...
works as described, but hardware is flimsy
blink add on
Great camera for the price
One good, one bad camera
Nice cameras, but short wifi range
No web browser access
Cheap, easy, and flexible... just what I wanted for a basic system.
Good camera but you can do better for the price
Great camera with one caveat
No good for me.
Hit and miss at times
great to have
Does what intended
Always Watching & Preventing
Horrible Motion Detection
Great camera for the price
Good security cameras with some drawbacks
We Caught the Thieves in the process!
Meh!
Very easy to install
You get what you pay for.
Lag Lag Lag.  Motion detection useless
Best Cameras Yet
Horrible battery life and motion detector.
promising, needs more updates
Pleased with Blink security cameras
Fairly Good Security Camera (With a Fairly Poor Mounting Bracket)
Firmware glitch after 3 months but working okay now
Very easy to set up, perfect gift.
SIMPLE setup, really consumer oriented.  Give it a try!
Nice camera, some features lacking
I gave a five-star rating since Blink XT is the only cam out there fulfilling four requirements
Good, not great, and.....
Easily installed. Excellent product
Would not buy
Great yet simple system
Nice and Affordable Sysrem
The ONLY reason I do not give a 5 star is because they say the batteries last 2 years.  They do not last anywhere near that.
Ok for the price
Lousy support cost you 2 stars
Wasted of money, it won't record
Great Option for a DIY Home Camera System
Basic camera
Neat little camera system with lots of potential
Extremely poor quality after 6 weeks of use
I wouldn't trust your security with this device.
Batteries lasted a week
Stars based on how many cameras worked!
Decent Camera System
Great Value. Great images. Very Pleased.
The Good, The Bad & the Ugly - Field of View & Mounting Bracket - Ease of Setup
Good product. Battery life not even a month. Changing batteries 3 times a month at least
Cold is not your friend
Not as happy with the xt as I am with the standard blink.
Works but for very specific, limited use
One Star
Little but mighty!!
Does not meet expectations
Capture things that go BUMP in the night!
The cameras are simple and easy to setup and install, but fall flat with feature and capabilities
Very impressed!
Nighttime motion sensor not great
"Sync Module is offline - Not connected"
Immediately went back
The most user friendly camera on the market!
Save your money and time, buy something else.
Lacking development
Decent picture, unreliable performance.
Dead on arrival / Broken manufacturing
Excellent. Peace of mind.
Amazing quality security cam for a decent price
Need a better mount base!!
A very good set - but with some issues
great little camera easy easy easy
Pros and Cons and more Cons
Wanted to love it...
Dissappointing
Decent for an inexpensive wireless security camera
Works
Caught burgular in the FIRST night!
Easy Easy Set-up
Consider battery cost $16 per year per camera
Didn't work well for me
Happy with my purchases
Okay Mount, Could Be Better
Unreliable, not worth the price - Not compatible with Google Wifi
The best there is!!
Microphone stopped working after 2 months
Couldn’t be happier! Perfect for my needs
Not recomended
Not worth it
Not very dependable.
Mixed results
Good camera, but...
Easy to Set Up and Install
Buy on Sale
Batteries Do Not last 2 years. Batteries only last 3 months.
Fairly useless. I got the two-camera set
Batteries lasted 6 weeks not even close to 2 years ...
Not worth it, not ready.
Cameras Day 1: Love the cameras, like the software, dislike the video storage
Small but easy to use.
Don't buy if you have Smartthings..
Waste of money
Crappy cameras for the money
Not impressed
Great Security Camera... Flimsy Mount
love this so far
Superb video/audio/motion sensor quality and no subscription
Easy, Easy, Easy!!!
B vs b
Basic system only - needs major improvements
Solar, wireless and cost effective
Ordered, Delivered, Installed, & Integrated within 24 hours
Giving it a fair try.
I really wanted this to work
TERRIBLE!
the mount does not allow you to angle the camera in a good position.
Doesn’t meet expectations
The Blink App Needs to be fixed!!!
Weatherproof security
Easy setup and good value!
Good camera for the price
Great value and easy to install
Good Value - Simole Installation
Ok, with minor flaws
Night vision need help
Feeding paranoia as a fetish.
I don't like that there is no Windows 10 App available for ...
Security without the wires and Amazon supported
I was so excited to love this, but here's the problems
I was so excited to love this, but here's the problems
Better stuff out there for less money.
Easily triggered by wind, not people
Reliable, good image
Overpriced under performer
Thought this was perfect until....
Poor or unpredictable motion sensor function, poor app design
Time Will Tell
Set up in One hour - Works Great
Can't record and watch live at same time
Great little camera for piece of mind
it is a good camera to have for basic outdoor surveillance
Nice picture.. but waste of money!
Blink XT review
Easy Setup but...
4 stars!
Notifications have stopped working.
Your Home is Your Castle So Protect It
Great picture with connectivity problems
Starts to fail after a couple of months....
No proper controls. You can see only post recorded events; nothing live can be seen
4 Masked Bandits Caught on Camera!
Finally!! A wireless camera system that is affordable, customizable, and REALLY works!!
Easy to setup, crappy to use, not nearly as good as the Nest ecosystem!
Very Unreliable
It is worth the money. Accessories Required
3.5/5 starts
Mostly good
Consider this camera as an answering machine
Wireless, Free Storage, Battery Operated
Easy to set up.
Motion picks up every car driving by.
Great system for the money
Slick product but totally dependent on wifi network
Battery Life Extremely Short.  Device bricked in 31 Days.
Maybe defective but definitely frustrating
It is okay as a part-time surveillance system
Worked well... For a little while
Utterly useless for most mainstream purposes
Easy Setup - Included bracket is not secure
No option for multiple users
Packs a Big Punch for A Small Camera
Rather listen to Blink182 !
Cheap, but effective.
Functionally useless and bit of a nuisance
Great System A+
Worth nothing
i have 600$ worth of blink stuff and would not recommend it
First Time Security Camera Purchase
Easy to set up, great customer service
Needs a shorter retrigger time
Easy set up, good quality, fair video,
Everything was perfect, except the motion detection delay!
I used to love these cameras
Good solid camera
Must have Wi-Fi cable or phone line with Wi-Fi
great wifi cam system
NOT FOR HIGH TRAFFIC AREAS...
Outstanding price point and quality
Easy to install, but several areas for improvement.
Battery died in two months, slow to respond to movement.
Easy to set up and use.
No monthly fees, works great during the day, poor night vision.
Good But Not Great
I like it
Good device but falls short on certain aspects.
Simple setup, great app, great camera!!!
Wish notification was louder
Great system!
Adding a Blink Camera Easy
It's not a perfect security solution
Can not use it for security system
Pretty Good Security Camera
Poor IR (Night) Images, Easy to set up, Some features not working
Not as expected
Battery doesn’t last
very easy to setup outside
Great product
My first camera was inoperable, the motion sensor didn't ...
Good, but needs some work.
Great security cameras
Disappointed
Cheap plastic camera mounts don’t work
Terrible.
Great camera
Loading the software app on your android or iOS phone first then setting up the sync module and adding devices was easy, however placement was a little challenging as each ...
Inconsistent
Easy to set up, works as advertised
Overall pretty happy! But listen Amazon!
Great Product!
A very good camera
GOOD FOR UNDER $80 BUT NOT FOR OVER $100
Camera is busy!
Buyer beware it’s a fair weather cam, not an outdoor winter cam, please read and think before
Night vision poor quality and blink customer service doesn't offer help
Finally a budget security camera that actually works.
Worst Amazon purchase ever!
Great camera with not subscription fees
Buy it if you want a half baked buggy solution
Blnk Cameras - great but too bad we have to use them.
A great system (with room for improvement) that you should definitely consider
Awesome!!!
Easy to install.
A great camera that you can put ANYWHERE!
Good Cameras, Not Amazing. Set Your Expextations
Nice system for the money
I reccomend giving Blink a try for home security.
Great security - no subscription
Blink XT Exterior Home Security Camera System, 1st Generation
Don't waste your time
Not worth it
Love it !
Great Camera for the deal I got....
Easy to install.
Easy setup and configuration and slick iOS app
Very Impressed
Do not buy if you need to view the camera on your Windows or Mac PC. Works ok on iOS
NOT COMPATIBLE WITH ALEXA
Terrible company and now the product overall is fairly useless ...
Customer service  is horrible!!!!!!!
Blink XT (Home Security Camera)
Its ok for what it is
Convenient but battery life is an issue
It does the job well
XT is not worth the difference
Good quality and works well.
They are okay not the best.
Two XTs installed
Easy setup. So far so good.
Very satisfied
Easy to setup, night vision is OK, motion detection iffy
recommended and would repurchase
Poor overall performance
Got it on sale
Awesome system
Nice at certain  price points and specific use.
The system is slow, glitchy, and not worth the money.
Great for seeing the recordings, not great for immediate notice
Would be great if I could connect to 2 or 3 phones ...
Excellent security option
50%/50% - it will either work or not
Excellent Security for Peace of Mind
Cameras and setup are Great!  Images are a bit slow to load
Ok Camera, but Ring is better.
Love blink camera
Poor picture quality
Doesn't catch all movement,  delayed video notifications.
Works good mounts not the best tho
Unreliable and noisy after a few months
Great product
Easy mount camera
Complete disappointment.
You get the quality you pay for.
Customer Support needs training
Reasonably priced and very easy to use and set up
Works well
No live recording
Fantastic system!
Meh
Batteries last about 3.5 months, low battery notification is poor
Buyer beware!  Lot's of tech support required.
Proven unreliable
Easy to use, makes it worth going wireless
Super Value
Catches movement about half of the time
Great design but had setup issues
Easy setup and great picture quality
Great Product
Too many technical glitches so far.
Excellent buy, works great
LIKE IT BUT HAS SOME NEGATIVES
Easy set up- easy to use
So disappointed...but I received hell from technical support
Work as advertised, no issues
Not bad, not real impressive
Simple in more ways than one
Total Piece of Garbage!  Don't Waste Your Money!
buy a 3rd party mounting kit
Exactly what I hoped
Great Start to a NICE Camera
Better than Arlo 2 pro
NEEDS MICROPHONE FEATURE TO TALK TO SOMEONE BEING WATCHED
Don’t forget to “ARM” the camera’s as well in the App. (Default is “disarmed” or off)
Got the two camera kit
Best wireless option out there!
2 out of 3 defective
Great camera
Great Camera
Mine was junk. Maybe got a bad one.
I would definitely do it again!
Great purchase, only one con
Simple set up and ease of use
Wonderful product
Going well so far, very happy with it. Please can we have PC access????
Blink XT One Camera System
Had to return. Some pros, but cons made it an impractical choice.
Great for residency without breaking the bank
Great product, app needs some work for sure.
Just OK
Sensitivity not very good
Not worth it! Expensive for what you pay for.
Not as good as it should be for an Amazon product
Perfect and affordable!
It handles a harsh Wisconsin winter mounted on the gutter
Great for remote monitoring
It Can be Installed in a Blink of the Eye
Highly recommend this product.
DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA. IF YOU NEED SECURITY
Not all that WiFi and Sych problems.
Great so Far
So far. . . . I am Impressed!
Not enough range.
These cameras are awesome. Quality of videos and picture are great
Great
Works even with low wifi connection
Stopped recording for a week
Amazing customer service. Hoping for even better features in the future.
I'll say I love it for now
Pretty decent camera
Sensitive
Would buy again and again ....
Battery life is 2 months, not two years.
Great!
Great Camera
I can't trust these for security
Satisfactory performance at a good price
So easy
Close to perfect
Good Enough For Those Looking for Inexpensive Security Cameras...
Camera quality is poor esp at night
Excellent Choice
Finally a camera I love
Don’t think twice!
Good camera with some flaws
Customer Service is a Headache
I love this!!! Thanks Amazon!!
Better than expected
Great Camera
Set up issues
Battery fails
Way too fussy to be practical
Great
It Works - Even in Africa
3 out of 4 Camera's work fine, original has poor sensitivity
Thoughts so far.
I like not having to purchase VDR time as i do ...
Good from a far, but far from good.
Hardly a "Security" camera.
Blink XT home security system
Great camera except for ONE issue!
These are just perfect
Poor mount and design - easily corrected and no reason for it
Great system overall, but not perfect.
Doesn’t work well in really cold weather
delayed reaction
incredibly easy to install
Great Flexibility for a security cam!
Could not have been easier....not sure what issues others had but i did not.
Battery life not so long
Revised Rating to 4 - Cameras now working at night. Found Helpful Tech support person - Haitham
Love It But
Nice product accept...
Battery died in 1 month
Performs better than expected
Nice Option for Security
Battery Life very low in traffic areas
Worked fine for one night, red light on sync module.
Works Pretty Good
connection is not good either, not reliable for a security system
Dont believe the claims that it works with Alexa. Doesnt work the way a camera should.
Battery life
Pleasantly surprised
Love the capability, performance, and phone app
Simple and reliable.
Not necessarily a 2 year battery life
Easy
Quality of picture.
Not a good outdoor camera
If you want a camera with no wires and no monthly subscription this is the one.
It's terrible
Only for very low traffic areas. Long re-trigger time sucks. Only in focus in center of picture
Works great
Great cameras
5 stars if....
Great, sound, picture, app, battery life
Do not recommend this product
So far so good. Although I've had to replace the battery on ...
Great cameras with very clear video
Great overall!
Okay for secondary system
Cameras need to have good wifi signal. Overall, great!
Great device
Completely wireless
Watch Performance Under Extreme Cold
Bad battery life and software problems
Wide angle lense, Faster coud service!
High Quality and Proven as a winner
Good
UGHHHHH, but so happy.
Good camera, limited wireless range
This is not a typical camera system.
Save your money!!
Stolen car review
Good but Incomplete Software
very good out-of-the-box security camera system
Does not work through aluminum siding. Save yourself the money and headache!!!
Customer service cannot help when my old cameras won’t connect to my new module
Not even impress for the money
Cloudy video and photo
Great little system with a few quirks.
Let me down when I needed it most. Do not buy!
These cameras are great! Nice resolution
Dont waste your hard earned money!
Peace of mind
Good quality pictures and easy to install
Truly Wireless
GREAT PRODUCT
Great cameras, truly wireless
Perfect
Very Pleased
Do not buy this system. Go somewhere else.
Sensitivity issues make it almost useless.
Terrible design flaws
Good price, easy to setup and install.
Good so far
Too many problems
Blink needs to improve on what could be an awesome security camera
No recognition after 5-10 feet from camera
Blink doesn't work with Echo Spot
Still not ready for prime time
great picture ... free cluod storage
Inconsistent monitoring
Tech support has been great so far
It's a fun toy. It ended up being a cat monitor ...
not the best picture, terrible design on the way the camera attaches to the swivel mount
Great Value and Simplicity With No Wiring
Cheap product not worth the money
When will individual cameras have optional notifications?
Super Easy to use!
Late motion detection | whats the use!
Motion Detection Is Intermittent
The WORST customer service!
Why Did I Receive A Used Unit?
SUPER-EASY SETUP, HIGH QUALITY VIDEO!
I've used the white Blink for over a year. ...
Its decent....
Recent purchase so far so good. Took the time read the reviews and directions ...
**Junk**
Easy setup and use- short battery life
Great Camera! Very impressed.
WARNING!!!! Do Not Buy - Foreign company, horrible customer service.
Poor battery life, Poor connectivity
Worth it
Excellent product
Great video, horrible battery life, zones don't work.
Function and Price
ONE GREAT SECURITY SYSTEM
Blink X2 Camera quality and setup
For the Birds (Happy Birds)
Having no wiring makes these a breeze to set up.  Easy to adjust through the mobile app.
easy install and price is less
Lag in start of recording after trigger
Work very well and very nice seller.
Lots of positives - battery life and mounting bracket not so much
Easy installation, working as expected. So far so good
Look Ma! No wires!
Clear, Simple & easy to use!
Works Great, Nice features
TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE!
Not as good as expected gor the high cost.
Great camera for the money
Blink randomly decided to discontinue SmartThings integration, which is ...
Pretty pleased with this little camera
Easy to set up
This is the best camera system that I have purchased so far
Is this used?
Requires great internet and wi-fi
Motion alerts are vibrations  when your phone is on Silent mode
Doesn't Always Capture Video at the Highest Intensity Levels!
Wasps seem to like it
To long of a delay from trigger to notification to be useful.
SUPER slow
The jury is still deliberating on this item
Works amazing! Setup and installation was so simple
So far, so good
If you have an area that is difficult to run security cameras in my case the wall was to tick to drill through and no existing hold with wires that you can use and the area do not have a lot of motion or human traffic this is a good good solution
Great product and super easy to install but bad mounts
Great security camera!
A great addition to your Blink system.
Great System
Not easy to install
Camera too slow to wake-up to show the Amazon delivery man.
Initial faulty sync: still like it
Very nice
High Quality Video Recordings
Do not rely on this to work when needed
It captures motion quickly and the best thing is that it saves it to the cloud ...
Peace of mind
A Great Camera System
Best Outdoor IP Camera in the market!
No sense of security
Awesome!
A robust product
Get it!
Good video but have to replace battery every 2 months
Worst product. Totally unreliable
Know your purpose
Easy to install and provides good image
The system is very easy to set up but I was limited in camera ...
Great cameras but no continuous live view
over and over
Extremely Buggy and Unreliable
Outstanding image, not great battery life.
Great inexpensive system.
Works as advertised
Good product needing some improvements
Great value. Efficient system.
Not a 2 year battery as it says!!  :(
Works with Alexa great cameras
EASY ENOUGH FOR A GRANDMA TO INSTALL
Decent camera system
Very disappointed in this camera
Good camera bad mount design
Exactly what I needed!
Well made and works great!
Good price point, wish there were a few extra features!
JUNK!
Save your money and buy a better product
Fail
Great camera for this price range.
Either doesn't record, or records way too much.
Terrible, poor quality, misses events, needs to be extremely close to router
Great camera
I've had these up and running since late March. ...
Good, inexpensive camera
Keeps crashing.
Easy setup, cheap mounting.
Saved my girlfriend and jailed her terrifying stalker.
Good for my needs
It’s ok for the money
Great product, might have received a faulty camera.
Unsatisfactory product
very practical cameras but needs some improvements
Great Camera
Very disappointed
Blink XT (external) Home Security Camera
Works great. Easy to use and easy to set up
Best ones so far!
Works Great!!!
Cameras' Focus Rigid and Cannot Pan
Should rename system “Live view failed”
Good video, will need lots of batteries
Batteries dead already
For the price, it's great!
just what I needed
They work, so far. Only had em' a few days.
Great night vision and sensor.
Motion detection doesn't even work... don't bother.
No PC or Laptop hookup
Amazingly clear video!
Happy with most of it
Fairly easy & straightforward installation
I would buy it at a discounted price, really handy when you do not have a power source around.
Sensitivity is poor
Very Satisfied
Not real time video
Battery died after 2 days, storage gets full after a half an hour of recording
Had high hopes with all the good reviews. Unfortunately its been problematic from the get ...
Good....but issues to be aware of.
Useless Camera
Quality and easy to install
Awesome Camera!
Easy set-up. Not very good for night time
Not a 2 year battery life
Junk
Worked great.... for awhile
Nice, Compact, Easy to setup/use.
So far so good!
Very disappointed in Blink system
Amazingly clear pictures and my mind is at ease since I purchased Blink!
Fun but not at all practical.  Slow and poor quality.
SO HAPPY WITH THIS!
Awful!!!!
2nd try still does not work.
Great,  but it has some limitations
Nice cameras but watch for price changes
Notifications and signal loss
Useless camera
Easy setup and lightning fast
Great potential but battery can last 1 month only
USE BATTERIES ONLY ... Don’t use the Exterior usb mini cables
Survived the dog. So far.
Camera has limited live ability and storage
Good camera, free cloud storage
Accurate description.  Good price.  Fast shipping.
Check your return day !
Great price!
Very LOUD Shutter!
Much better than I hoped for
Wnat to keep an eye on temperatures in well pits, second homes, crawl spaces
Not great at night
Good product; but still needs some development before perfect.
Mounts Need Improvement
Batteries last only 5 weeks!
Does not work with SmartThings anymore
Great camera for military housing
Easy to Install
great little camera
Very Disappointed
Wow.  Great.  Easy.  Go for it.
Easy Setup, Poor Camera
NO WAY TO MONITOR ON PC!!!!!!
Good so far!
Bad quality videos, feels cheap and errors when accessing live view.
Great product
Great camera if your house is plug challenged, like mine is
You get what you pay for
Easy set-up, Good video
I am very satisfied
Poor quality and performance
Worked great and even got help with it from vendor at 9:30pm on xmas eve
peace of mind
Not so good for Northern Wisconsin.
Nice daytime picture, but some drawbacks
Probably my least favorite Amazon purchase
Great concept, but 3 weeks in the battery indicator says it needs to be replaced
Great no problems for about 2 months
They have worked well so far.. the only ...
Good cam, great battery life
Did not like this product at all and actually returned it
Not so great
One camera good, one drains batteries after 4 days
Good Value
No Range
Great value, very handy, could use refinement
Batteries
Good camera, battery dead after 3 weeks for one of them
Love it! Meets and Exceeds My Expectations. Durable, light weight, stealthy & Lots of flexibility.
Batteries only lasted 2 months in middle quality recording mode
Very good unit. Night vision better than the inside BlinkBlink.
No playback is unacceptable
If only worth it
This is probably one of the best amazon purchases I’ve made
Did not work right out of the box.
TOTALLY PLEASED
Did not meet basic expectations
Unreliable
Great home system for price
Great Little Camera for the $
Works great until you need to change wifi!
Great camera for outdoor monitoring
Love these cameras
Amazing video, great signal
Blink XT Security product works great, but the Wall-Mounted Brackets need some work.
Good Outdoor Camera
Works great. Easy to install.
An Awesome Value at Every Angle
Lots of false triggers
Great quality cameras / Even better customer support
OK! Not the best camera. Blink app crashes.
So i got my cat back because of this
Not bad for the price
Excellent for the money, night mode poor
Perfect!
Very clear,great for my home.
Less expensive = more angles for the money.
Cost effective, easy to use
Easy set up, but resolution not the best
So Easy to Install and Operate
Very limited usefulness
It’s alright but need improvement.
These are fantastic!!
Didn’t work in my application
Blink XT, so far so good!
Great system for the price!
Battery life is not accurate
Clear picture and easy to install
Amazing Product!
OK system, nothing  great
Good, but not at night
24 hour battery.
Doesn't work when you need it to!
No ready for Prime time
Easy breezy !!
Nice value option
Awesome
Low product quality
ANNOYING DELAY BETWEEN MOTION ALERT AND BEING ABLE TO VIEW VIDEO CLIP
So far so good!
Waste of money.
A great concept but.....
I really like this product
Would not buy again.
Overall great camera
Great starter camera
Technical Support is not good.
Initial impression is overall positive.
Very easy to install
IR, no white light. Good security camera
Greenish Colored Video displayed
Connected, but no Internet... STRANGE!
Ready to return
My new favorite camera system
One Star
Kind of a pain
Lipstick on a Pig
I'm returning the camera and looking for a more reliable system
One Star
very disappointing
Not reliable
Best bang for the buck
Had a few issues but overall the cameras are great for the price.
Absolute Garbage!
WARNING! Not a good camera.
I really like this system, just needs a better fastener for exterior camera's.
Useless
Needs improvement,but price is good.
Neat little camera.  Mounting is idiotic
LIFESAVER!
Very easy install and only one flaw
Attention Needed:
Superb Product
Extremely disappointed
BATTERY GOOD ONLY 2 MONTHS NOT 2 YEARS !!!
Camera/App Did Not Function as Advertised - Returned
Security
Easy to set up and sync
Excellent
Handy
Saved My Car/Home
It was easy to install
An answer to overheating
Temperamental
For the price, it's not bad.
customer service
Sync Module has limitations
Easy to set up
Very happy with my choice.
Super-Easy set up and use
I really like these cameras and the system
Look Mom - No wires !!!
seems like its only best in corners
I am a Blink fan but want to point out a couple things to think about
Video review out off date
Easy to install
Much easier to install than security dvr and hardwired cameras
Great Bjuy!!!!
Great camera system but weak connection between camera and base
Mount is not sturdy or secure enough
Camera good, mount terrible
Servers are out system won’t work they have no solution
Decent purchase
Wireless with easy install
Nice and mobile
Good camera for the price
Simple, Affordable, Easy ... Some Small Downsides
Good for the price
I couldn't get it to work
Not a true solution
Battery life very short and low grade night vision!!!!!
The cameras trigger to any motion at all (which is terrible when it looks down your driveway and passing vehicles ...
Works Great
Solid system
Affordable Home Security
Worked great for a month.....
Easy to install, but brackets are too loose
Easy Install
Camera System
No wires!
Blink XT AWESOMENESS!
Easy setup and clear picture
Made for outdoors
No option to start recording manually.
Be aware Blink and region locking
Great System!
terrible mounting hardware and NO customer service to remedy the ...
Exceptional for the $$
Pictures are Pink
Great camera so far
Defective Product, Lousy Customer Service.
"Infrared" is actually just red.
Buy a Ring System instead
Outstanding quality
Do Not Buy
Easy to use, great clarity
These are great
Awesome security camera. We set each camera motion sensitivity to #7 because...
So Far, So Good
Great System!! (For Newer Smart Phones)
Great image
Work well most of the time
App updates caused issues with app
Blink provides personal security for pennies a day
Easy to use, but.....
Easy install and work great
What I needed
Love the flexibility of sensitivity settings
Works Mostly As Advertised
Poor Product
Works great easy to set up.
STAY AWAY FROM BLINK
So far so good!
It's Alright For the Price
battery life is not even close to the "2 Years" they say it should be
Blurry and has a narrow view for motion sensor
Most aggravating piece of tech in the house
I really like this product
Not for use outdoors in Minnesota temps
So far, so good
Good decision to buy
Software needs to be more flexible.
Potential fix for Google pixel 2 installation issues
At least customer service is good
Batteries don't last
Excellent security system for the price and easy to install.
Mounts sucks, but the camera itself is good for monitoring.
These are pretty much Junk. I wouldn't recommend them.
Better than expected.
Slow and unresponsive
Disappointed, not what I expected from an Amazon Company.
This is what I think and experience
I would highly recommend the Blink Security System!
Great quality, easy installation, simple app.
So far so good!
Simply perfect!
Good cameras with limitations
Motion Detection
Brilliant Security System
Great but could be batter
Everyone should have a Blink
Great product..
Good cameras and they do work.
Terrible mounting system
Not worth the money.
not bad
Lack of Alram Mode Undermines System
Really nice totally wireless system!
Install was super easy. Works great
Blink Works Well
Easy setup ... up and running in less than 10 minutes
Happy with the purchase
Great Home Surveillance System
Perfect WiFi connection and still not recording
Great product! No monthly fees!
Huge delay between motion detect trigger and recording
Not good!!
for the price and easy set up can't beat it
Eh. Wouldn’t buy again.
Terrific Product
Small, easy, reasonable alternative without a monthly fee.
Good camera.
Meh
Love these cameras!
I got a dud camera/module!
Great Product, Slow Customer Service
Works Well.  Recommend!
Really easy to install!!
I expected more.
Very disappointed
Decent camera for the price
Nice!
No monthly fees
Likely Being Returned ...
Excellent product
Not picking up small movement.
👍👌
Return defective multiple issues
Great camera and free monitoring at a great price.
Recommend
GREAT PRODUCT for the price!!
Great product when it works
Best purchase ever!!!
Excellent video monitoring with audio!
Good Camera but Battery life is very bad
Easy set up, works perfectly
BlinkXT camera.
Better than not having any security cameras around the house
Blink is great!
Works Great  - Some Concerns
home security
EH
Simple Set Up - Good Image - Fair Value for the proce
Worth the money
Great HD Camera
Good camera, but main feature doesn’t work for me.
Batteries.
Great cameras!
Love this camera system!!
Easy and affordable home security
Easy setup, all features worked but...
Works 30% of the time...
Blink cameras perform!
Foolproof instructions, great design.
Review based purchase
Having fun with it too
Ok for casual home use
Can't disable the red LED light on front.
Junk.... Do not buy this....
How long will it last?
Pretty nice system
Motion activation is horrible
Good  Price and quality.
Battery life is NOT 2 years.
Good system
Works OK, mount is flimsy
Unhelpful support team behind faulty equipment!
Think twice before buying. :(
I question quality
Not perfect, but still a good deal.
Overall good system but could be easily improved.
GREAT!!!!
Worst Product and Customer Service EVER
Decent for a battery powered camera
Awesome little camera’s,
Great Camera! Quick setup and high def video and pictures.
Poor Infrared visibility
So easy to install
Great Product reasonable cost
There’s cameras work great and what a great picture
Excellent cameras
Great for price, picture quality good
Ok for a wire free but too expensive for what it does
Needs major updates
Great Camera!
Great battery life No wires means you can put these ...
Started off good, but.....
Super Easy to Install and Provided Instant Relief of Having a Secured Home
Great value!
... XT camera came in the mail quickly and in perfect condition! Very easy to activate and install
Not truly wireless and picture quality at night is horrible
Don't work for long
If you’re a Nest camera user you may be disappointed
Slam Dunk Choice ! in the crowded security market
Strong wifi needed to get outside.
Product were used.
Easy to install. Great range.
Short battery life
All was going great until yesterday
Overall good with one minor flaw
Good system
Connectivity Issue / Delayed Notifications
Trouble with live view.
Works well
Only works with a cell phone - tiny screen - fairly useless
Good wireless system for close range video
These are great!
Very easy setup and add-ons
very good quality picture and sound
Lacks quality customizable motion sensing control.
AFTER 5 OTHERS, I FINALLY FOUND WHAT I NEEDED!
Really pleased so far
Great security addition
Captures recording too late.
Motion detection not working, sloppy user interface, Useless customer support
No notification of dying battery
Not impressed so far.
Loving this
Best Camera system on the market
Easy to set up and use
Its ok
Motion detection does not work
Does the job
Can be difficult connecting to netgear router.
Great little system...
Stopped working the first day!
So far I like it a lot
Actually Works
Great for outdoor monitoring!
Great value outdoor camera
Blink and Ring activity zones
Worth every penny
Excellent!  Minus one very important feature
Minimally Acceptacle
so far i did install 2 and they were working fine, but today 1 of the cameras stop working ...
Good job Blink!
Easy to install.
Buggy
Amazing and easy to use
Camera works Ok But Batteries Stink!
Blink
Live view does not always work
much happier
Doesn't detect all motion and battery life is misleading.
VERY HAPPY WITH PRODUCT
Returning mine like everyone else
The batteries only lasted for one month instead of 2yrs ...
Works but NOT 100% wireless.
Very good wireless security cam!!!
Great cam
Good but....
Perfect guard dawg
One Star
Super easy set up
I LOVE MY BVLINK CAMERAS
Bang for your buck
Not worth the money....at all.
No wires, good resolution, reasonable price, easy to navigate app.  A great value.
Best Long lasting battery operated camera out there
Great picture quality
Great product. Works very well.
Good camera system with definite limits that can be fixed.
Excellent camera for your buck
The system is easy to setup and the app is intuitive
Horrible range. Will be returning.
Very disappointed at this Blink camera!
Awesome cams and work great!
It is Good
Delay on recording video after motion has been detected
So far - so good!
It's great for my needs
Seal issue, otherwise, good for monitoring your home
Great Buy/No Cloud Storage Fee!
Great security camera
Disappointed.
Good product
love it!
won't connect with wifi
Good Product. Unfortunately, got taken on price!
Great home security tech
Follow the instructions, easy to set up and Use The Right Batteries ! ! !
Great customer service.
... had this camera for about a week now and like the way it works
Mixed Feelings
Surprised at how easy it was to setup. Took about 10 minutes.
Great Camera/Security System
Great quality Pictures and videos!
Great video quality
This is a toy - not a serious security camera.
The set up in the operation of the cameras excellent resolution
Good camera with easy setup
Works best from a distance
Motion alert was too delayed
Super easy to set up, works well, no monthly fees.
Work GREAT.
These Blink cams have worked great for me
Awesome Cameras
Pretty Giod
Easy set-up, Easy to use, no hidden fees
Works great
Don't waste your money
ITEM WAS NOT NEW AND DEFECTIVE USB CORD
Nice Camera - A Bit Tricky To Get It Working Well
Meh
Good but can improve
Quality
Additional security cameras provides additional comfort
... is still out but so far it is working great. I am test driving these and a reolink ...
After 2 home incidents, I made this purchase
Easy setup and good picture quality
Cloud crud required no 3rd party integration allowed
Great security camera
Wonderful customer service. Thanks
Best ever!
Works about half the time.
Priced right; excellent performance; easy to use
One Star
Disappointed
Do not belive the 5 star reviews. Awful item.
Liking it
Best wireless cameras!
Unreliable
So-So Battery Life
Good Camera-Horrible Support
Works as advertised
Need a strong WiFi signal or this doesn’t work
EZ...simple...lousy battery life
Motion detection is awful and so is the battery life.
This will not be the last Outdoor Home Security you will buy
Works great. can adjust
Complete piece of junk. Did not work. Called ...
Not What I'd Hoped For
Worthless as a security Camera.
Love this system
Not worth the money
Mehhh
One Star
Works well but has a flimsy mounting device
Inaccurate colors at times.
Easy setup with good results, highly recommend
Cameras do not operate afterthe original batteries die
Great product but......
Feature Filled!
Feeling protected
Feeling much safer!
Great cameras
Awesome Camera Great pricing
I love the free cloud storage and being able to monitor ...
Easy Setup and Very Customizable
Do not recommend
I like this camera
Sync Module Didn't Work
Best Wireless Security
Defective camera, poor customer service
Excellent system for the home or office.
Disappointed with this should have stuck with Ring
(Even within Wi-Fi range) the picture quality was good but what difference does that make if the camera ...
NOT waterproof if you use usb power
Easy set up and wireless!
This works great!
Great product! The picture quality is amazing for such ...
Blink XT is the best
Whats not to like!
Nice security system with no monthly charge.
Well worth the price
Santa in my alley?
Decent picture but won’t allow live feed if motion is detected.
Easy to Setup and No Monthly Fees!
Good Camera, if only it would work 100% of the time.
Can't Argue With Techies
Durable and easy to install.
Easy to install
These are perfect for home and blew away my other wifi cameras
works ok
Awesome security system for DYI.
Good camera but poor batteries
You can disarm camera so as not to use up battery  when not needed.
Difficult setup and poor battery life.
I like that I get notifications right to my phone and ...
Awesome Wi-Fi Wireless Camera
Step your game up
Great user experience and quality
If you need.it...get it.. simple to install and use..
Perfect.
Discreetly add a watchdog
good and easy to use...
Easy Setup and Works Well
~~**PERFECT**~~
Not worth the money
it works great. Love being able to check on things at ...
Chews through batteries/ sensor not strong
It is a great device!  Glad I bought it.  Actually got 3.
Just what I was looking for.
Worth it.
Worth it
Terrible Mounting Bracket
A major win!
Bought new- received used
Easy, fast and reliable install!
Good video, backend Needs work still. Stop hogging port 443
We love it!
great monitoring camera
Easy to install.
Awesome!!
Further Development
Almost, but not perfect
Batteries died after 2 months but great quality video
Easy to use, easy to install
Works great
Works great, but a few days later one of the ...
The night I needed it, it disconnected on its own.
Love this easy to use camera system!
Provides Reasonable Security for the Price
Easy to install and use.
Great video & audio clarity
Bad video after just 10 days.
Blink 2 camera set-up
Poor camera build quality
Good solid camera
Good, but needs app improvement
It works
Customer service is the problem
Insufficient Mounting Hardware
Cannot send video
Nice cameras.
It's an Amazon company
The Camera Has a Few Issues!
Not as impressed.
Not as promised
Pretty good overall
Monitoring my property just as advertised
When it works its great the connectivity is a problem still no extra fee or monthly service or worth the money
Affordable peace of mind
Love Blink Cameras
Cool
So far, I love it.
Great little camera for the price.
Poor performing security camera.
Easy to set up and install
Fast install but no mounting brackets
Nice but not perfect
No wires and free cloud storage
Great outdoor camera
Pain headache
Easy to install
One of the best options for security camera systems
Pleased with the camera, recommend to others
Great camera for a good price
Very pleased
Blink XT won't sync.
You get what you pay for.
quick and easy set up
MEH.
Great Product
Best wifi home security.
Crystal clear, high quality, easy installation, you need to buy these!
so far extremely happy purchased 5 camera system and works great
Easy Install
Awesome Cameras
Okay for the price
Quality and clarity are good. I wish they would upgrade the App to ...
Nice product
Motion detection needs work....
Five Stars
NOTE range is NOT mentioned anywhere.
Nightvision is poor
Three Stars
Good video surveillance for great price
So far so good
Great starter set
Set up could be described better; works great
Would definitely recommend if they fix video slowness.
It is a good camera but is only as fast as your WIFI
Blink XT
Frustrated!
Good system for the money.
Worth it
Well. It sort of works.
Love them!!
No battery life
Great little camera, but will need different brackets.
We really like our Blink security system
This is a buy!
Cheap plastic mount
Battery life is not as advertised.
Great camera very very reliable
Buy this !!
Very happy with Blink
Better than Arlo
Easy to install
Video and audio very good.
Easy setup!!
Five Stars
Heavy battery usage
Received with a faulty sync unit.
Great Product!
Great camera.  IMPRESSED
Not Exactly What I Was Lookinh For
One of my WORST AMZN Purchases
If you have trees/plants and a light breeze beware.
Understand the purpose and capability...
Works for my expectations
Cheap, inexpensive, and does it's job.
Not worth it.
Nice product and works as expected
Did not live up to it's advertised battery life.
Easy to set up and has it all
Love Blink
Amazing video
Audio and video recording
Buy it
U get what u want.
Very reliable good product
Attracts bugs
Don't buy
works great at night
Nice cameras
Really good value
Not that Great
Great camera
100% wireless
Fabulous
Just what I was looking for!
Awesome
Doing the job 👍🏽
Not good quality
East to install, and connect to my phone
Do not purchase, night vision unusable
Best outdoor camera you’ll find
Works well at night
Great for the price
Batteries
Waste of money.
FSMART CAMERA ROTATION BRACKET WORKS GREAT
Battery life over estimated in cold climates
Cameras seem to work in the beginning.....
Great product for the price!
The Blink
So easy to set up!
It's no Ring
Easy fox for outdoor security cams!
Perfect for our driveway and front door area
Great camera - free cloud storage
Great cameras
Well worth it
Almost awesome
Make sure you have high speed internet and a fairly new phone operating system
Fantastic little camera so far
BATT DIED, Recording starts late
Great Value
Good price and great when it's online
Worth every penny!
Good.
Very Easy to Install
Batteries don’t last....
Great quick fix for security monitoring
Incredible system!
So far.....excellent
tech support is great
You get what you pay for. The night vision ...
Fantastic cameras
I give it 0 stars but I have to select at least one to post this ,Dont buy!!!!
easy to install and great on notification
Need to increase sensitivity higher than default
Pretty good so far
Ok for the price.
Price good. Time to set up not good
So far so good!
Peace of mind.
Simple & Easy
Easy to mount, easy to be stolen!
No the Best out there
best surveillance system for the money!
Almost Perfect
Nice and simple set-up
it works , and it works well
Frequently. Slow and app needs more features
I like what the camera can do but this is the ...
Great camera easy setup
The best for the money
Motion Detection is not what expected.
dag this is good
Will not purchase again....
Great! So happy with this purchase
Two cameras I already had to replace the batteries after ...
Very compact and small.
BLINK XT REVIEW
Worst camera ever!  Don't waist your money
Worthless to detect outdoor activity on the grounds around the home
Doesn't work well
Quality is mediocre at best.
Blink and You’re Done
If it fails support is not great
Nice cam but every change of light effect it
Poor Software
Awesome product but no desktop version.
Blink system more trouble than it is worth
So far so good.
Easy set up and works great
Alerts and access from multiple devices
Defective out of box
Easy set up
The quality of video are pretty good. But you will need to figure out ...
For the technologically challenged!
Hands down best cameras out there
Cheap, versatile camera; very short battery life
Get it on sale!
Not worth the money
Easy Install - drop in place, do not need to be a pro
Not for distance
Excellent outdoor security cameras
Awesome system!!!
Love this little camera
Simply the best !
Great but not really two years.
What’s up with the blue light?
Great customer service and great product.
Love them
Worthless
Good camera, great support
One of my all time favorite Amazon purchases
A True Wireless Camera - Love It So Far
Great for keeping an eye on my home
Worth the money.
Don't buy this product
Should have bought this first
The ability to schedule and set sensitivity makes them even better. No option on the battery yet
Easy to use/install!
Online survey is just a marketing tool...
easy to set up
Really cool!
Easy to install.  Works great.
I love Blink cameras
Great for the price and long battery life.
Works well
Nice try but no
Viewing Video's is painfully slow
Works great
If you don’t have one you need to get 2!
Perfect for little home/family
Messy
Blink there goes my money. Waste of cash!
Great cameras for the price paid
Free cloud was my personal appeal
poor battery life
Great product!
Junk don’t buy wast of money u need two brains one for each  camera
Great so far!
Catches the people causing problems.
Easy
cause they drain batteries like **** so yea
Fantastic Upgrade from the expensive battery eating Arlo's
... advertised which is what I look for in any good product.
Convenient when you're away.
The ultimate in Security
Works pretty good. I would have rated it 5 stars
Temperature functionality still in BETA
No record
These are great. Easy to set up
Amazons Blink works ok
Camera combined with app works great.
live view fails
Many advantages over conventional camera systems
Best bang for your buck
Good Product
excellent camera system
Works Well
So far so good. Easy set up
You get what you pay for
These cameras are super sensitive to motion, works great!!
Very weak cameras
Great price and very easy to use.  Night vision not great.
Need some improvements in the image quality.
Hard pass after failed set up
After 1 week I am very pleased with the simplicity of setup and the functionality of ...
Good quality for the money.
Mad night vision
Peace of mind at a reasonable time
This camera is extra Dark
Highly recommend!
Easy setup.
Wireless camera with great battery life and night vision.
Blink Camera System
Better than Great
Awesome! WHEN IT WORKS
Blink XT
Great picture quality
Super awesome and easy!
So far so good
Movement detection
Don't waste you money!
Easy To Set Up And Use
Easy to install.
Not great
Excellent product and support
The Blink XT is agreat buy
Motion Detection is Too Slow
P addresses and the like that made hooking up cameras for remote viewing only ...
My second set of 4 cameras
Batteries do not last.
I have ordered BLINK products three times now.
Super easy setup and work great with batteries(no plug in required)
three Stars
Temperature Range!!!
Decent if you get on sale, poor motion detection.
Blink is easy to set up.
Great camera at a reasonable price
Phenomenal product
easy to install
Battery life is terrible
Does not work with fire tv cube.
Have spare batteries.
Very Useful Tool
Not perfect but better than Ring doorbell.
I would wish i have never bought this product.
I wouldn't if I were you.......
Sharp Pictures
Notifications not working
Idk how they have 4 stars
Love my camera
Has night vision
Very good, but....
Good camera, a little slow with live feed.
They work so far.
Love these cameras
Easy to setup
Perfect for small office or home
Great camera. Motion detects, sends straight to phone
Mounting brackets are a disappointment
Great wireless camera
Easy to install
So far works OK
Camera has excellent
Good camera!
I really like this camera
Easy to setup and use
Pretty good
Pretty good for the price!
Do not purchase
Exactly what I needed
Wow
Great basic camera for places you don't want to wire.
Easy installation but..
Amazing product
Feedback
Great for the price.
Good system
Does what you read about it except battery life
Easy to install and use
Blink cameras
Blink XT Outdoor
Unit works quite well in good weather Not good in snow and rain sometimes as ...
Can't record
Three Stars
Great Price
Bad delay
Five Stars
Great product. Get rechargeable batteries
Does not detect motion well.
Records late all the time
Wish they had better attachment feature
Blink and you might miss it work
Great Product
GREAT CAMERA
Ok for the money
Works great
Amazing product works flawlessly
max clip length is only 60 seconds
Delayed notification
Not a bad system, gets the job done
Awesome and easy
I spy
Good outdoor security camera
Love this Product!
So far so good
good product
hard to adjust sensitivity
Extremely pleased.  Awesome video response and quality.
Needs better motion sensor range
Good product with some delays capturing movements and vidoes/pictures on demand!
False battery life expectancy
Slow slow slow. Cameras are all about alert time!
help
Overall a good camera if you are aware of the short commings
Will not live stream for more than appox. 30 sec.
Batteries will need replacement sooner than advertised.
not a quality camera for sure.
Happy
BS Advertising = Batteries
Five Stars
Easy
Very good wirless system
Great camera system.
Works well, good quality.
Need to add an audible device.
Battery need to be replaced after 10 days!
EASY SETUP AN INSTALL
Worth the price
Battery died already
Works great
Very disappointed!
Easy to Set Up and Use
Good syatem for the money
Wireless Works Great is Large Areas
Affordable option for home video
Excellent product
Well worth it.
Great outdoor security camera for good price.
This is a great solution when you don't have electricity near by
Good price point
Battery won’t last
I really like this. Only complaint is that it overheats quickly
Incorrect battery life description
Excellent product, packaging and price!
the app works great! The picture and video quality is wonderful
Poor quality
Works perfectly
It is a great system!
Great product, poor mounting hardware!
The Best Cjoice
GREAT cameras
I still think that it is a good investment for your money. Better than nothing.
Five Stars
Great cameras!!
connectivity
Easy to setup and use
Protect Your Home
It paid for itself in spades tonight
Video quality is meh
Excellent picture. Clear.
great camera
Does not work through Glass
Alright
Completely undependable.
Blink XT is awesome! Small
Easy works well
Not impressed
Great for a simple security solution
Poor quality
No monthly fee
Good basic video system
Five Stars
Blink and Your Home
Easy.
Not recommended
Good quality. I have it installed at my our ...
Camera pricing
Good unit!
Great big camera for the price.
The “live” feature is great. Questionable trespass late on night-police called and was ...
Just what I was looking for
Best bang for the buck
Bad experience
24/7 Monitoring on Mobile Device
Blink Security Camera
Love the camera not the mount.
OK if you need cordless. Use Lithium batteries.
Be sure to buy camera mounts.
Works well but...
Superb!
OPERATIONAL CAMERAS
Works great. Easy to install
Great system!
more than promised
Connectivity / Signal Problems and kind of cheap.
Works as advertised. Simple to set up.
Blink and 5-Sec. Passes By You!
Motion detection
Easy quick set up
Does not zoom
You CANNOT send notifications to your Alexa with Blink!
Affordable home security
Easy Security.
fantastic Camera
No outdoor audio
Not for distance
Great unit.
Love the Camera...easy setup/install
Three Stars
Poor image quality
Impressive outdoor camera
Ok.
Easy to set up.
Great Cameras
Great battery operated camera
Great product
An excellent value and product!
And still not working waste of my money
Refund
Reasonable home security
zero false alarm
Easy Peasy
Good system!
Great security camera!
Easy to setup and works great
Love these camers
Poor performance, poor battery life, and not worth buying.  Invest some money and go Nest instead.
Live View is not continuous
Simple yet sophisticated
So far so good
Feel tha my home is better protected.
Great deal!
Great for the price
As advertized
This system is wonderful. Easy to install
Not impressed
Great product for the price!
Not bad for the price
Not so happy with this
Good value!
Excellent cameras; will buy more
Easy to set up, well worth the money
Motion sensor is bad !!
Caught a suspicious person trying my door handle
If you’re going with wireless security, Blink is the way to go.
Have a good wifi connection and proper placement.
Brilliant Equipment
It always works.
Easy setup
Best system for the money
Indoor outdoor?
Easy setup.
My best guess on this is I was sold used items ...
Good camera but price jumped up 66%
I love the system and the price
Activity Zones are quite useful
Not good at night
Great security camera and easy to set up
Excellent security camera
Great camera!!
It worked perfect..
Amazing!
Camera
Very nice
Good but I was disappointed to see the hub/XT starter ...
Love love love these camera
Just as advertised
Problems with the Ding Dong ditch?
Works great, even at night.
Great for remote monitoring.
Works fine, but I am not super impressed.
Peace of mind.
These cameras are great, I have two in my back yard
So far very happy
Amazing!
Easy to setup
Great product experience
Best purchase ever
Great product
works well
One Star
Overall, a good product
Great System For The Price
Amazing!
Highly recommend.
Five Stars
Great addition to my existing system
Security that provides peace of mind
High Tech simply works
Smile you're on blink camera
Sense of security
Don't blink, it's not as advertised!
Blink is not working well
Five Stars
really worth for the money
Good camera, nice price, but motion detection sucks
Constantly disconnecting
Great WiFi  cameras for your cabin
Five Stars
Awesome integration with Fire tablets and Alexa Devices
Great value
Great product
Good camera.
Short battery life.
Easy set up
love my cameras
Expensive but worth it
So far so good
Doesn't detect motion when it happens.
Affordable security system
Great system! Very happy I chose blink over other systems
Easy Easy!!’
Easy to use and
Easy peesy
Blink outdoor camera.  Works well in cold weather
Great Buy and Good Cameras
Good system. Easy to set up
Doesn’t record live mode. Hopefully soon though?
Great product!
Protect Your Family
great camera at a great price.
Easy to set up
Great product
Up-load speed
I finally traced the problem to bad batteries being shipped with the unit
Great video quality and no plan required.
Help please email me! Vicki.lvhs@gmail.com
Works great!
Easy to install
As good as the reviews
Great while it lasts.
Ease of set up and use
Verynice
I love this!
Better price and quality than other brands like Arlo & Swann.
No wires - no fees!
When they gone back on sale
Love my Blink
Personal security at your fingertips
Battery Life Not as Promised
Works ok. App needs improvement.
Super Happy w/Purchase
Wired door bell video camera with two ways sound.
Novice old guy loves these motion activated cameras!
Great deal.
Loud clicking sound!
Great security camera!
Leaves more to be desired
Battery life is horrible in certain areas
Works but has lots of bugs!
Absolute junk
-30 below and still working
so good. No glitches with connection to router or the ...
Needs to have a higher quality picture and better night time capabilities.
Over all good quality
great quality
Easy to set up and reliable
Super value!
Super Product
Works great
Constantly geting false alerts after legitimate alerts
Four Stars
Unit full of water after rain
Modo de movimiento
Battery life under heavy traffic
Good camera
Blink
Security
Great video cam for the money
Great investment, no doubt!
Syncing issues
Work great as long as internet is not interrupted
Buy it
Great quality and easy use
Good price for security
Bad customer service
First 3 seconds of recording freeze up
Buyer beware.
Protection
Good for the price
GREAT PRODUCT
Works at House but not in my metal Barn where I need surveillance the most
Seems good so far
Security
Affordable security camera
Amazing Wireless cameras without monthly fees
Nice picture but...
Five Stars
Easy to set up
Easy to install
Great system.
I’m impressed!
Easy to install.  Instantly started recording
Not bad for the price.
Very satisfied with these cameras
Great
Overpriced
It works fine. However the hard part is the setting of ...
So far it's great
Good Camera
EZ installation
Easy to install
no mounting brackey with addon cAMERA
Great value
Camera is amazing but can't get system to sync in apartment.  In private home it works fine.
Not very good
Ready to use
Doesn’t work in cold weathers
Added protection
Neat system! Amazon bought them!
Perfect for our needs
Easy to set up - just need more storage
Great Product / Buy!
Not what I expected.
Easy to set up and control!
Sensitive
Love them! Money well spent
Five Stars
No monthly fee for online recording
No very good
DO NOT BUY!! WORST CAMERA EVER!!!
Good buy
I really the ease of installation, but I wish there was a way to extend the range.
Quick and easy
What a great system!
Well worth the money!
Worked for about week.
Buy 1 to try it out not 5
So far so good
A++
Great little system
Five Stars
Great WiFi Video / Audio Camera
Great buy for the price and no stupid cloud fees
Notification Alerts
Waste of money!!!
Terrible view
Affordable effective and no subscription
EASY TO SET UP AND INSTALL
Great purchase ❤️
Very good system
Cons outweigh Pros
Disappointed
Great picture quality, day, an night
Such a clear picture.
Great quality picture
Eh
Thumbs up for blink
Exactly what I was looking for
Doesn't work in hotels
Not for heavy use!
TOO SENSITIVITY OR BAD DESIGN?
Great idea but huge BUST
Inexpensive protection. Easy to install.
Didn’t hold up well in cold.
Great System
No outlet no problem!!
Good system. Could be slightly better.
Simple instructions
Works great with phone app
Nice
Great camera!
The pushes are awesome, I can see everything from work or wherever ...
Fast delivery
Worth the price easily.
Five Stars
They just work
LOVE Blink!
easy to setup
Recommend
Very good security system
Works perfect better than ring
Great camera!
Love it
Great for outdoor with low price
Works as advertised
best buy in home  security.
Buy it!
Good image quality but no two-way talk
Great great great
Great for the money
Great System
Purchased this for my new rental feeling very safe and my boyfriend loves it he recommended it to all of our friends
Must have strong WiFi or LTE strength
Decent entry level security camera
Blink XT Home Security Camera System
Five Stars
Great system for the prices
blink
Good adorable security with no monthly fees
Great buy!!
Good camera
One Star
Not bad for the money
Wish I had known
Five Stars
So HAPPY with this purchase!!
Worth the money
Five Stars
Reliable
Easy to use.
A little expensive
Actually wireless
Has potential
works perfectly
Great wireless security cameras!
Not Satisfied
not for every one
BLINK XT
good image. a little delay on the warning on ...
This thing is terrible. Doesn't work consistently enough to act as a ...
Great item
Met my expectations
I would give 10 rating
Nice camera
Great enough to buy two!
Both the camera and base station need to be close ...
Five Stars
Good camera
great unit
Easy !
Ok but not good for front of house with different activity
CROOKED
These are so sweet. Easy to install and relocate when needed.
Great product , and great support
Very portable and easy to use
good camera
blink
Good value
Great value good quality
Works Great
Easy to setup and works great.
They work!!!
Save yourself some time
Great camera system
Love the motion detection
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great cameras
Good price, easy set-up, reliable, no wires (uses batteries)
Low battery life/laggy videos
Easy !
only for tropical climate
Setup was easy. Camera picture is pretty good
Great Value
Easy setup and Great Video
Not good for outdoor use.
Works great
Ok
Takes a little bit to retreave pictures but it works
returning
no rechargeable batteries
Great products night vision works awesome I get my door in my shed
Four Stars
good prodct, but very pricy
Love it
Great system for the money !
photo clip does not capture well thru duo pane windows or a window with screen
Excellent System / Poor Mounting
Looking at ya
No subscription needed.
Get yours.
Works great.  Easy to set up.
Great unit, no fees
Almost perfect
good product
Finally a good camera!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Best wireless cam
Worth the money
Monitor awesome
The best
Best overall security cams
Good product,  poor battery life.
Easy Installation
Worked great
They are very easy to install
Blink XT
Love!
Good quality product
Love it
The Camera is very good. Good quality but the batteries do not last ...
Love this!
Poor quality images at night
Easy to use and good video quality
Blink Great Product!
My first Blink felt alone
Easy to use
Nice security!
Worth it
Not a great product
works great
Batteries don't last
Cameras are a good idea
Nice cameras! Easy use!
Good for the price
Great camera for the price point
Failed in less than 9 months of use
decent cams
Buy them
Read the instructions
It works great
THe camera does not work
good quality
Great Value
nice camera
Great quality
video clips
Camera A+, mount C-
You should always see the review before buying thing but sometime they set up fake review.
Amazing!
Nice system!
Not 100% Reliable
Five Stars
Great cameras at a price anyone can afford.
Poor video quality
Won't connect to my iPad
Five Stars
Quick and easy
Stable
Does the job
Flimsy hardware to mount
Works great.
Worked for less than 24 hours
Easy viewing on a smart phone
Great daytime security camera
Perfect
My Blink camera's work when they want.
Battery Continues to Die
Good security camera
Cheap Product
Quick set-up & customer service!
Five Stars
Great camera
Simple and Easy but Motion Detection is Poor
Works really well
Worked, no complaint.
Nice cam for the $
Excellent
Easy phone access to your home!
Good camera for a reasonable price.
Works like a chase
Cheap material but works!
Good price and high quality.
Doesn't detect through glass window
Great Wireless camera
Great buy
Amazing product and works wonderfully
Pretty Good Overall
Limited app
Works fine so far
Love these cameras
Cheap way to monitor your home.
Have good WiFi
Great product
Super easy to install & set up.
Five Stars
When they work, they are good!
Great product!
Battery life not accurate
Love it
Total Crap
I’d buy it again
Worth the money
Great buy!
Great system
So Much Better Than Ring!
Works great
Decent
Great product
Simplicity
Stopped  Working after only three weeks!
Weather proof but get rechargeable batteries
Going to buy another system for our beach house
Amazing and simple to install
Easy set up and directions
AMAZING and EASY TO USE
Exceeds expectations
Security my place
Silicone sleeves discontinued!😡
Great camera
"Easiest install ever"- single mom
Battery died in less than 1 month
Great cameras
Four Stars
Great security
Two orders, same result...no mounts
More headache than protection
Nice upgrade to my security.
Works fine
Works good
Excellent Value and Quality
WOW!
Five Stars
Easy to install and activate
Thank you
Battery power makes this the most versatile security camera.
Great Camera
Love them
Yummy
Easy to set up and link to your phone.
Works as advertised
Camera provides a good picture.
Great cameras
Five Stars
Horrible night time video quality
Camera
5 stars after 2 weeks
Please add 2 way audio!!!
good system- 1 minor issue
Great camera!
App could use a tweak
Great take barer
Great picture, wireless, no issues over the 1st few months of owning.
👍🏻👍🏻
Great value
Five Stars
Hard to get signal to cameras outside of the house ...
Love them
Set up was very easy. No wiring necessary - this will fit my ...
Wonderful!
Great quality
Five Stars
As expected
Excellent Product
Easy installation
A bit of security.
Great packaging and price
Nice
Easy Easy Easy
Five Stars
Great!
Completely wireless
No subscription
Best Camera System Out There!
Five Stars
Best camera
stopped working after month and half
WORKS LIKE A CHARM
Darker image
Simple and very effective!
Inflated stopped working
good quality
Great Camera just don't put it close to wasp nest
I have several of these and love them
Awsome
Good quality
Five Stars
it works!
Great pricing
works great
>2gb data/month
AAAA+++++
Good product!
Best security camera
Great
Blink
Five Stars
Pure awesome
Great investment
Five Stars
100% wireless👍
Whats  not to Like?
Easy Setup and Easy to use app and viewing
Back cover.
Low quality.
good camera, easy to mount and install
Not connecting to my home WiFi
Home security
Terrific little camera
Great view and works well
User friendly
Simple. Clear. Easy.
Easy to use from phone
Great product
Works great!
The Way to Go!!
Great camera kit
Clear video, easy setup
Great system
Work great!
Great product
Doesn't need to be hard wired
Four Stars
Love it!
Four Stars
Five Stars
nice
works well
Great, low cost camera
I gotta stop buying more. They’re great.
Five Stars
Good product
Ok
good camera for the price
'2-yr battery' went dead after a month
Five Stars
Bad Connectivity and Delayed Motion Notifications
Stops functioning in less than a year
Dissatisfied one stopped working it doesn’t come back on
Love the camera, but the mount doesn't work.
Great
CLEAR VIEW
Don’t buy unless on sale.
Great camera
Great system but....
Happy and feel safe
Highly recommended
Excellent.
Easy to set up and run.
Good value for the money
inexpensive and does the job
ok
Four Stars
Blink is the way to go
Works as advertised
Great quality for wireless security
Peace of mind.
Malfunctioning cameras
Doesn't connect to our wifi
The Incredible Hulk could get past these.
Greatest deal ever!
Not Bad
terrible system
Wish I could Return
Clear video
Easy to install
Better buy batteries.
Useful and still expensive
Did the job
Best WiFi Camera to purchase
Simple and effective
Like it
great coverage
A big NO on the claim of 2 year battery life
Works well at detecting motion, almost too well. ...
Great camera
Four Stars
Great Camera's
Great Camera
Blink audio
Easy!
Four Stars
awesome
Great investment!
Feeling secure
Blink Security camera
Five Stars
XT
Works great! Gives us peace of mind when away from ...
Exactly as described
Battery died quickly
Good Preliminary System
Awesome best camera ever 👍👍👍
These cameras are very good for the price
great pictures
So far I really like
Great camera
Good and affordable
Could not ask for more at this price
Def worth it!
Great Cam. Easy setup.
Love this item it was really worth the price matter ...
A+ product.
What the icons mean
Easy to install and great camera with comprehensive control system.
Good price for it, thanks.
Best security system out there.
Five Stars
Buyer be ware!!! The sensors on this camera are junk!
I use other blink devices. This once received was ...
Nice product.
Good security
Excelente
works just like it advertises
Four Stars
Easy to use and set up
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is a wonderful way to keep track of who is coming to ...
Four Stars
Good system
Works awesome
Great System
Ok camera
Good
I love
Broke after two weeks wont connect
Perfect Security Camera!
Great camera
Battery life sucks
I have 7 blink infoor/ outdoor camera. The batery ...
Ok for the price I guess
Good price, good product
Five Stars
All what I need right now
great cameras
We love it and wanted to add outdoor cameras
Great quality for the price.
Amazing
Great wireless camera system
great product
Awesome!!
Easy to install, great video
Five Stars
Not reliable
Easy and clear
All around great product.
Easy to use
security
Great
easy to install
Only reason I haven't given it 5 stars...
Customer service is no good. Don’t even worry about call them
Gets the job done!
Awesome love it
Great Product
Camera
Get the plug it's well worth it
It just works
Would buy again
So far, pretty awesome!
Ease of installation.
Great camera
Work very well
I would give this a 5 star rating if they ...
As described
Easy set up
Best bang for buck
Great front house surveillance
Blink is a failure
This security camera is wireless and runs on batteries.
So worth it
Five Stars
Great camera for home security
Doesn’t not do or work as advertised
Works ok but sensitivity is an issue and it takes ...
Piece of crap had it installed for less than 2 weeks battery ...
Batteries dead on first use. Worked good for 20 minutes
Great security camera! Easy installation! Just wish there was a “talk back” option.
Easy to install and good quality
Suits the purpose
Good Product so far
Works below zero
Fantastic product!
I get to check out my home and  Safety of my family
Great clarity and easy to install
Battery dose not last 2 yrs as advertised. Lasted me under 3 weeks
Decent little camera
Buy this camera.. don't wasn't your money on alarms!!!
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Two Stars
Works great for observation
Poor quality pictures and long delay lag at motion detection
Very effective home security camera system
Nice cameras
Easy set up but
Love my Blinks.
Piece of junk
Dad loves it.
As advertised, great picture
Needs some improvement
Perfect fit
Great value and added another camera to my curent property
Works well but batteries don't last
This camera is great. I want to buy more!
Good for all uses, especially when a package/shipment is received.
It's the worst camera I have ever purchased (UPDATE) NOT SO BAD
Works great with my other Blink system I already have
Reliable
Five Stars
Perfect for my needs
Not easy to setup!
Great device!
No live video, one canera bad signal
Love the free cloud storage
Great front porch camera
works great
Avoid like the plague
Good
Good camera
Batteries don’t last. So be ready to pay up for lithium AAs
Don’t expect customer service to help
Almost 5 stars
Great video quality, Easy setup
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Cameras, Great Price
Faulty out of the box!
Fast delivery
not a good security camera
Five Stars
Awesome!
Video & Audio A++
Five Stars
Good sensor !
Great Value
contrast depends on how the camera is pointed.
Low quality and lagging
New Bilnk Owner
5 Stars
Great camera, bad mounting hardware
Very quick and easy to install.
Great
Five Stars
Very sleek and helpful device
Working nicely off grid
Five Stars
Love the camera I like to see it with a ...
Worthless
Amazing product for the price
Five Stars
Perfect
Know who or what is at your door.
Easy set up and installation!  Works well!
Easy to install and great picture
Works better than expected.
Works very well
Easy set up
Poor quality
The clarity is very good, motion detection is great.
Awesome DIY security System
Four Stars
Five Stars
Worth it
C+ for Blink Cam.
Good camera weak mount
Great camera!
Easy Setup and No Monthly Charges
good for pets
Great camera for the price!
Works great!
Outdoor camera, above garage door.
Cheap mounts
Love it!
Attachwmwnts
Great product!
Very compact and long lasting run time
Would not recommend
Camera
Easy setup
works like a champ
Camera placement is everything.
If it messes up!! Good luck
Great Product
Five Stars
Love it
Poor mounting
Great product! Highly recommend
Five Stars
Activity Zone feature needs work !!!!
Accurate description
High quality!
great cameras
Easy to install
Four Stars
Five Stars
Who's outside?  I see you!
Blink
Nice for the price
Five Stars
Great system
Tech Support
As advertised
Good, product but hard to set up
Five Stars
It workes as it suppose to.
Excellent System, but needs some improvement
LOVE
Great product for a low price
Four Stars
Good
Five Stars
it’s a good image, the app is easy to use and ...
Color not working
Blink ext. Camera
Easy to set up.
Completely stopped working in less then 2 months
COST VS PRODUCT BEST ON THE MARKET
Great Remote Camera with Great Battery Life
Great web camera!
Good product
Blink earns its keep in less than a week!
Is it worth the headache
Great Resolution
Five Stars
Unpredictable
I found the system easy to set up
Great
Every car going by doesn’t set off
Works in warm weather, not in cold
Good stuff
Blink
Simple and Effective
best wireless camera
Affordable, Easy to Use Security Camera
Bring the price down , then i'm happy
Great cameras
THE REAL DEAL!!!!!
Great little camera !!
Don’t waste your day
Love this device
Works Great!
Great camera for outdoors except when it’s raining
Works great. Battery life meh.
Great security
Five Stars
home security.  wife is happy.
good quality pictures even at night
great detail
Outdoor cameras
Works great
Peace of mind
Five Stars
Great product
Great home monitoring system
Very affordable.
easy
Does not work with wifi which needs login through webpage
Great quality video
Good price
Hates cats
Very easy to set up.
Great product for inside and outside security
Nah!!
Good intro camera system
Perfect for home monitoring
My crazy fur kid
Super bueno
Great Camera
Perfect for small area home security
Good security camera for the price
Finally some peace of mind.
Hands down best system on the market!
Cool but does have glitches
Quality of the picture is great
Great devices
Really good!
Great price for a secure home system!
Avoid unless you like things that don’t work.
No zoom
I will be able to record with this camara
Perfect for what i wanted
Night time issues
Horrible.
Quality
Five Stars
Very happy
Garbage
Great little security camera
Not enough range to be useful
Five Stars
easy to install and function as part of security
Didn’t describe on box that unit must use with router n modem.
Fantastic
Already stopped working
Works ok at first
Five Stars
excellent product and item as described
Does not pick up vehicles or people coming straight at it.
Five Stars
Good product but has very limited range.
Missing mounts and not as described!!!
Great camera
Great product and fast shipping!
Try another brand
Five Stars
Has a nice camera view.
Good buy
Gotcha
Easy installation
worked great inside, but not outside
Easy to use
Useful.
Battery bad
Did not work, terminal hold for support
Clear pictures
Two Stars
Good choice for the money.
Happy with it so far.
blink
The price is right
Works great!
PC Access
I love this system
Best security camera
Decide what features you loki
Great value & love wireless feature
Battery dead after 3 weeks
One small flaw, but great product overall.
Perfect!
Excellent security camera
Highly recommended.
Love it
Great product
Reliable cost effective wireless cameras
So far so
Go to camera for renters!
Best of both worlds
Easy to set up, simple to use. Good quality
Works great!
While it was easy it should have been easier and not that easy.
I really like them
Lacks two way audio.
Limited coverage.
Highly recommend
Poor battery life.
Did not come with echo dot
Easy setup
When they work they are great! But get used to seeing the "failed" messages
great home security system
Good surveillance!
BUY BUY BUY !
Very good camera but anoying switching noise when connecting
Works great
Easy setup and installation
System works great.
Great buy
2 years battery is a lie
Love this system
Exactly what we wanted
You will likely need to adjust the defaults.
HORRRRRRRRRRIBLE.
Good product
Awesome!!
Takes regular batteries!
Easy to use
Even looked like an open item
Pricey but worth it
Five Stars
my neighbor's trailer was stolen 2 nights ago and all the video's were useless.
Functionality
Light
So easy to set up and use!
Easy set up
Great security cameras
Great camera system
e price was marked down to 137.99.... bat timing on my part
Brackets dont hold
Love it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Two Stars
Easy to operate
You get way more for the price than expected.
great add on
Clarity and how it picks up!
Shipped fast
Don't get this if you use it around high traffic area.
Doesn’t last long. We don’t know but it stopped working.
Update The problem has been solved
Easy to setup and does the job
👍
Love it!
the quality is good. battery life is still holding for now
Five Stars
The right price
Love it!
Using it at my investment property / VRBO Fredericksburg Manor
Blink camera
Five Stars
Man do I love these cameras
Five Stars
Great price for home security camera
No mounting hardware
Four Stars
Great buy!
... for someone that is gone a lot it’s so nice to be able to check on my house and ...
good camera
I would highly recommend the Blink!
Four Stars
Very impressed
These cameras are so awesome. I have a total 4 of these cameras ...
sensor is slow and mount is plastic unrealiable about to be stolen
Five Stars
Great deal
Does what I need it to
Blink
Great!!
Good
It's a good remote Cam that you can check from anywhere
Decent for the price
Easy to use
Extremely easy to set up.
Five Stars
Clear video
Five Stars
Beware - batteries only last 3 months MAX!!
Amazing product
Great camera
works well
Five Stars
Blurry night vision
Easy and Clear
That is all you need as a security camera
The cameras work just as stated.
High end features, low end price, Easy to use
Value Play
Works as described. Hide anywhere in door or outside. Can be hidden in trees outdoor
So So  I won't buy another
Extreme weather conditions don't faze this little camera
Performed as advertised with easy instructions. Took about 15 minutes to get all ...
Prefect Product
Great price for the quality
Garbage dont waste your money
Excellent system
Five Stars
Great security for my home without monthly fee
Easy to install
After use it , will say don’t buy it
I would bye again
Hidden WiFi
Strong Value
Batteries are drained after initial use
Unreliable!
Home feels safe
Would buy again!
Units installed and programmed just as the user friendly instructions ...
Retrigger time after stop in motion
Perfect
Great
So far so good
Five Stars
Nice quality, very easy to set up
Awesome little camera
Excellent product
... 2 months and one cameras already stopped working the best
Five Stars
Works Great!
Great small indoor outdoor cam
Four Stars
Great price
Easy
Cheap, cheap, cheap included mounting bracket.
clear picture and audio
Love it
Not worth the money !!
Battery operated no wiring
Works great!
Screening Faceon
Battery life sucks
not good for travel!
Five Stars
awesome product
No monthly cost
Great photos night and day even has sound.
Affordable security awareness.
Daylight function is great, but the night function isn't working.
Five Stars
Missing part
Improve your video quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing
seems cheap and easy to break
Easy to use
Economical and a breeze to install. Works exactly as ...
Spend the extra couple of bucks N get different mounting  brackets.
Is worth every dollar
Gotcha
Won’t connect to router
Five Stars
Simple and no subscription fees
Can see everything
parts missing!
Bad battery
Crap
Battery life is only 3 weeks only!!
Good Product
Now I know who's around my place
Great camera for ease of use.
Very Good Buy
Love the security I have with the blink
Super easy to install and great picture quality all at ...
The app is awesome
Five Stars
Security made easy.
Not works with the no internet
Works great
Terrible, the sync module defect in 3months
this works so well for the money
Works great
Security eyes
Works great
Best no nonsense security system
Ease of use
I love this product
Ok with exceptions
Affordable System
Price
It works more like a childs toy
Easy to use with no wires
XT system
Best camera system
cameras
Five Stars
So far so good.
Instant security
Works great
excelente camara de vigilancia
Easy to install, nice quality
Not so good
I really like this camera system
supprizingly good system
Great gift
Compact
Not a live instant view
Good Relation quality/ cost !
Best all around system
You get what you pay for
Great System
Awesome
Easy set up
Quick set up with Wifi
Reliable affordable security
Nor for me
COVERAGE AREA
Five Stars
Just what I needed and expected!
Love it
Should have did more research
Battery life is junk
Great camera
Great system!
One time use only
Very cool product
The camera doesnt record if its under 40F degrees.
Very satisfied with my Blink XT purchase.
Batteries won’t last
Excellent cameras, extremely easy to setup
Gjkhfu
Easy Security
Great product,picture and sound
Son set up for me, he had no problem
Wish they made Siren device compatible with Siren
Cheap. Easy. Effective.
Five Stars
Home security without the fuss
GREAT Cameras
East to use and very easy setup.
Blink is definitely worth the price
Keep an extra set of batteries around.
Great product
Best outdoor security camera
Cheated  out of 40 percent
Mounting brackets are really cheap and crappy. Camera works well
Horrible battery life
Awesome
👍🏻
Great cameras, so far.
very wifi and module dependent
Great Product!
Excellent system
GottYa in Night vision
Definitely not plug and play after 4 hours of trying I gave up. Turned out to be a defective sync node
Good overall
Excellent item to have.
Great for women!
Buy these
Five Stars
Fallow directions
Does not catch what its supposed to catch
Great cameras. Difficult to open and why put serial ...
but we'd like that doorbell
Easy set up
Design
love it!
Camera
Good quality picture. Easy to use.
Five Stars
Great
EASY TO SET UP AND USE!!!
Easy!!
great for the price
Clear Picture
Awesome !!! - Remember the motion detection won't work through glass - must mount outside - You'll Love it!
Security without complexity
Bought a wireless cam five years ago and it's better.
Five Stars
Four Stars
love it!
Excellent camera and software!!!
GREAT camera!
Great value
Doesn’t last long
I bought 8 of them and will be buying more.
Great product
Great product
Simplicity, and ease of use...
The best choice
Bad product
Feeling of security
Blink XT
Easy and effective
Five Stars
Good choice but would like to see further distance
Affordable, quality cameras
Easy and quick
I recommend this camera
The longer you set video, the quicker it will run batteries down!!
NICE PRODUCT
Love this outdoor camera
Five Stars
Buy the stronger mounts for outside.  Great product!!!
My Blink
This was a great idea but poorly executed.
They worth it
Easy to use
A must have security camera
Disappointed in this product
Great addition.
Just what I needed
EASY EASY EASY
2 cameras have never worked. contacted seller 3 times ...
Easy
Good unit for the price point
Best camera ever.
Works like a charm
Connection failure
waste of money
Must have strong Wi-Fi signal to work correctly
Dead after 5 months
Picture delay
Happy with product.
Great!
Awesome
Amazing value
Works Great
new install  very easy
Junk
Good camera system
Very bad night vision camera.
Blink cameras cover it all
It sucks!
good product, I like it storage space is limited ...
Great cameas for the money!!!
It was hard to setup to record but then it ...
Smart and Simple
GREAT PRODUCT
Five Stars
Decent camera!
KEEP YOUR HOME IN SIGHT AT THE STROKE OF YOUR SMART PHONE OR TABLET.
Easy to install
The Best
LOVE Blink!
No monthly payment for usage!
Best buy for DIY'ers.
Great system!
Easy, Simple, Effective
Awesome cyber Monday deal
Love thus item
Pretty good
Love these cameras
Recommended
Blink they got you covered 24/7
Just got them and all going well.
Very easy and works well
easy set up and installation
Not that great
Five Stars
Security
Works fine
Battery life
Five Stars
Poor battery life
when someone/thing is in my yard
Love these!
Blink XT best security ever
WiFi use was great
Battery does not last two years.
Easy to setup
Five Stars
Great camera a bit pricey but worth it
Five Stars
Unfortunately No such luck
Simple with high quality
Five Stars
Easy setup
👍
Woth the money I paid for it
Great camera
No complaints
Help with product
Five Stars
Great for security!
Security
Good camera, audio, and app.  Short battery life.
Three Stars
Blink is good.
Lags a little
Great home security camera
Not 2 year battery life.
Blink XT 1
Can not reset remotely
Five Stars
Unreliable
Best camera ever made
User friendly
Do not buy!
Awesome product!
Don't Buy!
Easy Security System to Install
Nice product!
Four Stars
Batteries dead in less than 1 month
Great home security
Disappointed
Easy to set up
Es bueno
Not great for night vision
Easy to use and totally worth the money!
Defective x2
easy to
READY TO USE IN MINUTES
One camera is showing red
Setup is easy.
$300 for 5 cameras
Works any where, noise sensitive great product.
Great product
Seguridad
Easy setup and app interface is very user friendly!
Two year batteries Are failing within three months probably because of below freezing temperatures
Angle
Only one thing missing
Easy setup
Amazing!
Easy set up. Works off of more than one phone. 10 cameras to one module.
Five Stars
Nice
Great product
love them
Five Stars
Reliability and strength
Make sure you have good wifi
sensible choice
Works good
Great buy
Awesome!
Arguably The Best Completely Wireless Camera?
Satisfied!
home security
Works great so far
Great product!
Easy to set up and works well
Security
Camera works great. We really like everything about it
Work great at night
Will not work through a glass window
Simple , works great
Liveview Failed
At best cameras have to be real close to wi- fi ...
Great product
Sensitivity is adjustable
Five Stars
Super easy installation
Good product
First class
Easy setup
Cumple con expectativas
Peefect
Very easy to use
Sucks
Great cameras
Good deal
Defective
Good
Clear video (night and day) and very sensitive motion detection ...
Blink system
works Great
Love it , so easy to install
Junk
Awesome
Run very far away unless you want your brain to explode.
DO NOT BUY!
very pleased with
I like the features and picture quality
Make a better product
Awesome quality video and pictures
Five Stars
When you need to see or hear
Good value
Blink security Camera are great!!
Really worth the money
Awesome
Camera defect?
easy set up
Nice cameras
Customer support
Two thumbs up
Instruction booklet
Works great!
Works now.
Wet easy to setup
Camera doesn't work or connect in app
It is the best.
Works good haven't had one problem
Great.
SHORT BATTERY LIFE.
Good
Great cameras
Glad I bought these
Shows temperature
Easy Set-Up
Plug and play
Great product.
Functional
Fast response
Perfect
great cameras
I recommend this product.
Customer Svc is unreachable plus they do not jam proof outdoor cameras as other products do.
Works well
Works well, but disappointed that it's only weatherproof if using the batteries
Great product
Have already bought again!!
Great
Great camera system
Affordable, easy to install security system!
Good
Its a camera!
Don’t buy
Awesome cameras!
Five Stars
Not helpful battery
Five Stars
Very simple and effective
Five Stars
The app has room for improvement
Great System with a lot of features
Excellent Product!
Greatttttt product!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Easy to use!
Blink cameras
Wireless
Working great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good picture,
Raising Alarm in case of emergency
It’s okay.
Awesome
Perfect inside and out
Two Stars
No fus install & set up- no monthly fees
Ok to a point
Perfect
Taking a lot of videos and still has good batteries. Haven’t missed anything
works great have had no issues
Excellent quality camera and video quality
Exactly what we needed!
Wheres Waldo,
So far working great
Batteries drain fast with excessive motion
Speed of alerts , small batter big work and free data storage is truly good.
As advertised
Good camera but the live feed and the delay is awful
Distance of camera to home base unit is a limiting factor.
Picture quality
Very pleased with monitoring our home
Great camera in HD
Poor battery life
Very simple operation.
Nice camera
Good for the price.
Stopped  working
Flaws on the design and functionality
Five Stars
It’s okay
Budget Friendly
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great system for homeowners
Great image quality.
Works
Simple to Use
Este sistema es comodo, sencillo y facil de instalar
Great!
Battery Doesn't last
A must buy!!
AWESOME PRODUCT!
Buy one!
Five Stars
Great product
Great outdoor home security camera
No film storage
The cameras I ever brought
Unreliable at best.
Good at what it does
You cant beat it
Batteries
Motion to slow to pick up
awesome camera
Nice for the money
Difficult
Five Stars
Great Cameras
Easy
A+
Blink Camera not very good
Your best option for a home security camera!
Great item
Great product
Good service
Great Product!!
Would not recommend
Battery life. Less than one month
Easiest security camera
Easy setup
Quality is good
Easy set up and easy to add on to.
Great product
Great Product!
Excellent
IAM gonna get more cameras😀
Great product
Love the security
Quality
Great deal!
A great camera, and easy to use.
Many negative issues
Security
Great product!!
Thanks
Works well for the price
Love my Blink cameras
Easy, dependable and free.
Two Stars
Great product, super easy set up
Five Stars
Easy! Affordable!
Easy to use
Easy setup
Perfect
It works
Product was not what expected
Five Stars
Simple, low maintenance, functional
Accurate
Five Stars
Four Stars
BLINK- LOVE IT
Set up may getting used to .
Great security
Not reliable
Easy User Friendly
Mounts
Security cameras
Video pretty clear
Good support in case of equipment problems
Reliable, Dependable, I recommend it
Quit working
stopped connecting after a few months
thanks
Easy to use/setup
Sweet
Blink XT
Cheap Product
very clear picture
these little cameras work great!
Great product
Not good at night, for anything.
Works great!
So easy to set up and use.
Work
Best camera
Quality
2 different models
Very Good
This is a keeper
Four Stars
Love!!
No payments
Used third party cover and mount...works better than what came in the box
Easy setup
Home safety
Other than batteries great camera
Simple
Works as advertised.
Great system
Works great
Five Stars
Awesome
As advertised
Descent customer service. Descent product.
awesome
Five Stars
Amazing
So so
Great camera system for the money
Good Cameras
no wires needed
very easy to set up
The Best
Great cameras for the price
No Complaints at all
Video quality bad
Looses connection
user friendly
Does the battery really last two years?
#1 camera
great camara
Easy install and use
Works well
One Star
Great product
Properly attach them to the mounting brackets.
Easy to set up, install, and use.
Reliable
5 star
Camera
Great security camera
Eats batteries
Easy set up
Best
Good  Quality .
Good one
Works grear
Five Stars
Good deal
Caught porch pirates 3 days after install!!
Not Recommend
Blink xt rocks
Nice camera
Great value
Works great
Easy to install
Great camera and app
Great for price and ease of install
Works like a charm
Five Stars
.
Easy and all in one
Very nice
TOGUARD Dashcam
Works well. Easy installation
Safety
Ease of Blink Camera
Awesome
Blink comes highly recommended
Easy !!!
Valuation
Good buy
Its easy
Reliable
I spy
Love them
Did not work, Customer service is of no help
Communication
No ha llegado
Very Easy To Use. Nd installation
Needed a security cam
Works very will
Just what I ordered
Good
They are cordless no cables outside.put them were ever u want
I dont speaker english
Great product
Easy easy easy
Great camera. Easy to use
So close... but major flaw
Good purchase
Five Stars
Works very well, all wireless
Good can
these cameras are easy to install and setup
Great Caneras:  recording, notifications and quality are high!
Four Stars
GET. BLINKED
Why buy motion detecting camera when...
Cheep crap
Very user friendly
Camera
easy to set up and install
Distorted color right out of the box
Good
Five Stars
works great!
Great product!
Great add on to my home security
I received the security camera in a timely manner and it was exactly what I needed.
Five Stars
Pretty good
sometimes work and sometimes not
Jekskjxk
Motion Detection
Great system!!
Great
Quality of the blink system
No monthly charges and no wires to connect
Easy setup
Amazing
Five Stars
Great security cameras
easy to set up
will purchase again
Good deal
Great
Ok
Outstanding product for price.
Three Stars
Buy it
Best camera system I've used home security
Good
Great system.  Very well designed and easy to use.
Great
Five Stars
It is as good and easy as it sounds and looks
Five Stars
Easy setup security camera for a peace of mind.
Five Stars
Five Stars
needs improvement
Great cameras
Four Stars
Picture quality OK but placement matters
Five Stars
Five Stars
Incredibly UN-RELIABLE garbage.
Great for extra added security
Truly wireless, easy setup, clear video/audio
The cameras are great the app is not
Five Stars
This works great, connection sometimes falters
Five Stars
Four Stars
Buy the white ones not these outdoor ones.
anyway this system is good for couple years only
Five Stars
Two Stars
Not worth $220
Five Stars
Will system have a voice system ?
Great if you don't mind not having reliable security
Fantastic Easy to use, extremely useful product.
Five Stars
Company is unresponsive; batteries do not last 2 WEEKS!
Works better as a hockey puck than a camera
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Home Security Camera - EASY to install
Five Stars
Poor customer service from Blink Support Team--If a company's customer support is a factor in your purchasing decisions...
Five Stars
I work with outdoor wifi installations so I can put up a good outdoor wifi radio that will reach further than the ...
It's OK - don't trust it for legitimate monitoring though!!!
Great system, but be ready to swap batteries every month.
Tom Polish
GREAT PRODUCT!
Super easy
Watch for Price Increases.  30% in the last week!
Didn't work.  Complete waste of time.
Very pleased and easy to install
Five Stars
love these products and eagerly awaiting the doorbell system
It works!
Range is not as much as I would have liked..
I truly recommend Blink XT
Battery lasted less than a month.  Not happy
Very good quality
Arrived defective. There was an issue with the signal ...
Really useful
Best Security System and so affordable!
REALLY DISAPPOINTED! DO NOT BUY UNTIL THEY FIX CRITICAL ISSUES.
Totally disappointed no waist your Money
Product used and then repackaged
Waited such a long time for true wireless cameras - thank you!
Great outdoor security cameras, look ma, no wires!
Easy to set up and use!
Terrible motion sensor. Buy something else.
Zero stars?!
Don't waste your time on this c**p
Works Great, needs a Web App or Desktop App to ...
2 year battery with perfect conditions
Blink XT is the best camera system I ever had
Works Perfectly!
Total Headache!
Great security camera!
These are great. It does take a bit of tuning to ...
Also tried to adjust location to wireless to better the response but motion detection doesnt work well for ...
Cheap camera and the battery lasts a month
These cameras work great! You can set them to go on during ...
Good cameras, can put them in places that don't have electric, truly wireless. EASY setup.
We're Happy with Blink
Security without the price of monitoring.
not yet got there act together it will not connect ...
Poor quality
Battery dies to quickly
Two Stars
Useless. Picks up trees swaying, cars, flags flying but not humans walking towards it.
No live video stream
Best in my opinion
Misleading specs
Best Wireless WiFi outside camera and easiest to setup.
Awful
Amazing quality and very easy to install!!
Great camera
Blink XT cam offline every night
It works perfect is the good thing about it batteries didn't last ...
I am very disappointed in the 13 day life span of the batteries
Not worth it.
Why wait?...no...seriously!
Wait until the work out some bugs before buying
On the other hand the video quality is poor! DON'T BUY
All doubts are gone!! Great purchase!
Great Camera
... a gadget guy so this is one of the best security camera I've bought here on Amazon
Very badly designed. Can't keep watching the camera continuoulsy
Easy set-up, wire-free, no monthly fees.
Great security camera and easy set up.
Good product poor customer service
PROMISES PROMISES AND PRODUCTS NOT READY AND EXCUSES EXCUSES
Installed three cameras to date and they work great! Taking away one star because the reason I ...
Blink xt review
this item works great, only took me about 15minutes to hook it ...
Blink is so much better than the competition because they don’t force you into ...
Great Picture, Easy setup
Doesn’t sync and customer no service is a waste of time!
Night video not good and It triggers a little late at times
Awesome invention, why pay ADT?
Happy I bought it
looks black and white in Basment in daytime
Five Stars
Return required due to Unit not working as advertised
Super easy installation
Two Stars
Best to set up 2 cameras pointing in same direction ...
Perfect and easy to install
Awesome wireless Cams
Great product
Cheap, affordable home security
Blink XT Home Security Camera System
Audio??
Great system
No way
Blink has raised the price of this camera  by $80.00 since June.
Best You’ll Ever Own
Poor quality video
Picture quality in low light is not very good. Also when background light
This actually takes a bit of work to set up ...
By far the best camera on the market
Batterys last a long time!
Not worth it
I really like my Blink!
Very Good Quality Video
Super easy to setup and use
Fast, Easy, and Totally Wireless
Works great.
Nice camera
Need more colors
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Buy one now!
Great camera. No wires!!!
easy install. hopefully the batteries last as long as ...
Works for seeing who came to your door.
Five Stars
Expect to be pleased.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Very easy setup and works well
Great system
Batteries are easy to replace and are inexpensive.
Love this system!!
Settings aren't as good as the older models
it is horrible and never happy with this
Only one camera records
Two Stars
Need Help
The price is right!
Great product! Very easy to set up and plenty ...
Easy to use and good quality video
This product is unreliable garbage!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great price for the feeling of security
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Not worth the price.  Buy a battery charger with this purchase.
Good outdoor camera
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Would like to have capability of setting of alarm for intruders ...
One Star
Five Stars
Works well with my existing (indoor) setup. Can’t get much better
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
so good. Only had them for a week
One Star
Five Stars
Bird watching
Good purchase
Five Stars
Five Stars
Product Works
Five Stars
Security plus
So Easy to Install and maintain!
Five Stars
Very easy to set up
Blink xt outdoor camera
Best ban for the buck
Five Stars
They should be easy, when Tech support asked me to do some ...
Battery life suck.
Good cameras
Kind of annoying.
Couple shortcomings but still pretty good
Simple. Does its job.
Easy Fast and best tech out for home security hands down
We love Blink!
Truly amazing product. The color and clarity are awesome
Five Stars
Birds like these cameras
Four Stars
Blink XT easy first time install
Easy to setup and use as a surveillance system
Great Product
Five Stars
Camera Not Working Well---would not buy again
Great
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good camara
Easy to install and set up.  Very reliable.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great product it does well what is sopousto do
Works great good price
2 Sets of Betteries in 2 Weeks
Five Stars
I am very upset. I was under the impression ...
EASY INSTALLATION CAN ACCESS VIDEO LIVE ANYWHERE
Doesn't since motion
Five Stars
Nice unit
Easy set up, no wires
Invalid Serial number
very easy to set up and the cameras work great
Not so bad
Save your money
Poor connectivity.
Easy set up
This was a total disappointment..
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Blink outdoor.
... and the two year batterys are dead not a good start
Great product
Works great.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
GREAT
Blink no longer supports smart things/rboy
Four Stars
Easy to set up Good packaging Cons
Arlo has better picture quality
Great camera. Wish they had a website to view ...
Video saving and sharing disabled.
Very easy to set up!
east set up and easy install, one screw and done
Does Not Work With Amazon Tablet
connection problems
Junk
Warning.... you're on camera!
... XT for about 10 days and I am very happy with it
Great, inexpensive security cameras!!
Great cameras with need for little improvement.
Don't waste your money
Came fast. Havent installed dont know if it works ...
One Star
Battery Life  is not a year  BEWARE
Not what I thought
All good
Love It.
Five Stars
WARNING, Major glitch in the System. Total Waste of Money!!!!
I love this thing
Two Stars
... using this for several months and I would highly recommend!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
They made it good, but spent 3 days trying to get it ...
Pay the extra money and buy Arlos
Great product for a good price...
Serious junk
One Star
One Star
PLEASE READ !!!!!
One Star
Frustrated
Better choices
Didn't know to order the covers with the cameras,thought perhaps that the covers came with the cameras.
Five Stars
Shameful, at best
If support is needed will be pulling out your hair! When works great!
Very disappointed
I would have given them 4 stars if they didn't do that but at this point I can't recommend this system to anyone as the company have shown ...
get something else
Perfect for my needs. Will buy more Blink products! Video attached to show quick recording.
Disappointed that as a first time buyer I could not ...
Bought for friend
HARDWARE QUALITY IS SUSPICIOUS AT BEST - TECH SUPPORT IS A NIGHTMARE
Stuck with $200 of junk with Major, major, major limitations!!
Fast, easy setup and excellent quality video.
One Star
Warning: arrogant, inconsiderate does not care about customer after they get your money.
One Star
Easy to install, easy to use - Good basic home security video
Solid Solution with limited expectations
Not made for the Deep South Heat.
Dumb Home Integrations
Nightvision does not work on cameras
Should have stayed with ARLO
Convenient, simple, and it just works. Good motion based solution.
Not Ready for My Primetime - Great Promise, Though
Good Wi-Fi makes these cameras work GREAT!!
LOVE IT but a small issue
Hardware seems great. Severe account management issues exist.
The price for them is low right now. But I’m sure they’ll go up soon.
OK.  Depends on your needs.
DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA AT ANY COST - PLEASE READ!
Cheap plastic mounts...you've been warned
IR fails randomly
for the value though I am very happy with the product
OK but rarely works
Needed improvements
I picked them up on Amazon Prime Day and the price was great. The installation process was extremely easy
Very buggy and difficult to set up. App crashes frequently. Won't connect to WiFi.
Stay away !!!
Blink xt camera
10 Second Delay is Agitating
Highly recommend!
Warning - Blink design / security flaw
Good, Basic Camera System
Almost perfect (almost)
BLINK XT PLUSES AND MINUSES
It's OK ...Video recording lagging ...
This is not a security system
Not user friendly
Terrible motion detection - hope this can be addressed in firmware
works great, most of the time..
Not good for night security unless you do your own modifications - see review
Not awesome, but convenient
Too Simplistic
Easiest security system ever - don't know how I lived without it!
Blink came through!  Beware! 2 unit system really needs 2 modules to function properly.
Meh.
Cannot beat this system at this price point
Monitor any and every space on your property
Easy to use / limited functionality
Simple and easy to use! Honest review
It’s important to know that this product is the meconium in my newborns diaper
You can not use rechargeable batteries
Blink has the worst incompetent Customer Support the cameras are cheaply made Not forth the money.
Less than impressed
The good part of the cameras was the very easy setup
Please people!!! The 2 yr life is average use once set up.. At first you will likely need batteries.
Glitch in the system. Total Waste!!!
A Cute Novelty item, But Worthless for Home Security
Poor quality control, frustrating setup, limited app features
Easy to use and has a great app. Mount needs improvement.
Needs Location Based Arming and Always On Features
GREAT SYSTEM with one drawback.....WILL NOT WORK WITH AMAZON FIRE
Great Video and Sound Quality With a Few Limitations
If don’t have 2 gbps upload, pass on them
Portable no power needed
Easy setup - decent quality video - nice app
I would recommend this system
Works well, but needs SD storage option
Nice, basic job.
Beats Arlo hands down - Way better and smarter
Truly wireless and works!
Mediocre at Best
Not Recommended At All
Waist of time and money
Nice, clear video.  easy set-up
Great price + features, poor functionality
Slow at detecting movement
Junk
Easy to use, great monitors with super sensitive microphones and camera. Not the best camera and not the worst.
Good for watching areas no one should be in
Video quality could be better
Works as advertised. Night vision and motion activated alerts. 2 year battery life.
Disappointing
Easy setup, great value, no problems
Caught my housekeepers in the act - it works too good some times.
Product and Company Still Need Work
Great camera's in this price range
Mostly pleased, but some minor complaints and had to get a defective camera replaced
I love the cameras
Good with some shortcomings
Wow
Get your Masters in IT!
Decent camera, horrible customer support
Notification delay is too long.
Does what is described but a lot more to be desired
It does what it is suppose to...don’t whine because it doesn’t match a system costing twice as much!
Great product!
Good but not perfect! The wall mount is horrible!
Imaging need
Don’t purchase. Blink doesn’t stand by their product.
RING buy one, set it up and LEARN, much better product and better price
I LOVE Amazon, BUT this system is priced WAY too high.
Afforable system
Car Broken Into; Camera Not Interested
Reasonably priced system completely wireless
Don't buy!
Good, but... Motion Detect sensitivity is tricky.
All in all, a great buy
Barely Making It
If I could return them, I would
Great easy alternative to an NVR/DVR
Great outdoor cameras at a good value
Works ok but has problems.  Video quality not as good as my previous system.
Too Slow Response Time
Easy install. Works just as advertised.  I’m happy.
Wire free battery operated blink
Why the Batteries Die so Quickly !!!
Pros and Cons....but still a great purchase!
Not the best all around. Good concept, poorly executed.
Poor Customer / Technical Support,  Average camera system
I really like the cameras.
Too many CONs for the money. Will be returning.
Blink camera
Horrible camera. Eats batteries
System offline after power outage
This camera is just OK.
Hit or miss as a security system
BEWARE.  VERY VERY VERY unreliable
No zones, no brain, bad signal to noise
I’m a satisfied customer
High Fail Rate
Works well
No wires, setup in minutes, you get near realtime notifications.
Waste of time.
Missing video from beginning of detected motion
It’s like being a fly on the wall.
CAMERA MUST BE PLACED CLOSE TO THE INTERNET ACCESS
Easy starter security camera but with some annoying quirks.
Okay, but not the best there is.
2 Month Battery Limit
Very happy with product, except for the re-triggering issue
Doesn't work as advertised
Battery issue!!
Good System For The Price
Not perfect, but the best you can get for the money
Fits my requirements for a simple outdoor camera
Easy to Use ! "Plug and play" Good product.
Reliable And Easy To Set Up
Missing critical features
Poor IFTTT Integration
Blink XL is a DUD!
Work well and are fun so far...
Great Product !..but needs a PC/MAC app to top it off.
Easy to set up!
WiFi connection is abysmal.Battery life is bad, connectivity is poor, videos are useless.
Inconsistent motion detection
Good reasonable priced security cameras.
Great Camera for the price
No live notifications only after its been recorded
Super Easy to setup and use
It's just okay, not fantastic!!
Disappointed. Just bought three of the XT after having ...
Features
Good but could be better
Never worked consistently
Total Junk, expaination within.
Useless
Simple setup and very effective
Easy to Install - Great Quality
More features
Wonderful Customer Service and Great Little Cameras
BLINK is a Great value.
Best thing is it is Wireless
Inconsistent, low-quality, buggy, and malfunctioning cameras
Works great.
Great video quality, and super easy just set up
Easy setup! Camera will not disappoint! Very high quality NV in 1080P with zoom!
nice prodiuct
Works well, but....
Extremely Disappointed
Security for the home that's affordable
Great camera!
Extremely easy to steal
Waste of money and time
Great Product For The Price
Hit or Miss - Manufacturing Issues!
Not quite an outdoor option
easy to set up
2 month not 2 year batteries--Don't waste your money
Good Customer Service, but....
- Setup was fairly easy although first try for sync module failed but second ...
Easy Easy Easy
Love my Blink Outdoor Cameras!
Nice Compact design
Defective cameras and terrible customer service
Range is not so good.
Lousy setup and installation
I paid 152 but I thought I was getting a ...
Blink support is non existent
Great level of security for the price!
I am satisfied with the simplicity and quality of installation and use
Great system and easy to install
Ok camera bad battery life with high settings (wouldnt you want with a camera system?)
Ok, but a flat out lie on battery life.
Didn’t last very long.
Battery Life
Garbage, literally deposited at local dump
awuful night quality:(
Wireless on Lithium Batteries. Clips go instantly to cloud.
horrible battery life
I have been a happy Blink customer since 2016
Works just as the ads say it should.
Battery killer with no doorbell/camera system (as was promised)
I love these cameras
Meh. Neat for about 3 minutes
Decent , not great!
Quality and customer service
Easy setup, small footprint, battery operated, and no monthly monitoring fees.
Very Easy To Set Up
Excellent, affordable, completely wireless and easy to install on our large house & property
Unreliable to amazing with a new sync module!
OK for casual use
Works great - very pleased with the system
Broke after 2 months.
Blink Customer Service Will not Honor Warranty and Are Not Responding to My Plead For Help
Easy to install & use!
Beyond Very Disappointed
No contracts, no reoccuring costs
We bought these for outside on the recommendation of a ...
For the price, installation ease, and access to videos....GREAT DEAL!
Wont’t connect to wifi only hotspot
I can not say enough great things about this camera
Durable, great mobility to move around to suit your situations. Huge bang for the buck!
Excellent color pictures during the day and good infra red ...
Nice little camera.
Poor Return Service!
Has a real Time Delay!!Buy ARLO
Very expensive product for very limited capabilities
Good video. . . when they work.
Pretty good but needs some additional options to take it over the top.
... bought three of these cámaras last month and I’m glad I did
Great cameras & support
Decent Light Duty Cameras, Better Suited for Indoor Use
False Advertising....no Alexa Home Security App as yet.
Worst support and trouble shooting ever
Amazing technology for a terrific price.
Video Quality So-So, Battery Life 5 months
Camera does great but to much delay
Great camera, gives peace of mind
Great Deal!!
Rarely the camera alerts only when a moving object is very close
Way better than RING Stick Up Cam
A home monitoring system, not security system
Easy to set up - unbelievable resolution. Even at night.
Quality system, easy to install
Setup is (mostly) a breeze, great hardware
Happy camper!!!!
Fairly worthless
Could never connect!
Not durable in Chicago Winter
Great so far!!
No integration with SmartThings
Ok for select applications
Doesn’t work with Alexa as advertised
Good Day - Bad Night
Needs Improvement
Quality Video. Not for High Traffic Areas. No Web Interface
Works Great!
The worse customer service of a decent product
Battery Life
Very happy with my 5 camera system
NOT "completely wire-free"
With Blink XT you’ll need to buy better brackets from another vendor
Blink XT review from both a Blink and Nest camera owner...
Terrible product. Wish I could return it for a full refund.
it worked for less than 6 months
reliablitiy
Loses Sync
Slow trigger time
2 week battery life with high traffic
Save Blink XT Video to Home PC using Android Emulator
Customer Service
Very easy to set up and user friendly interface
Best For The Money
Decent choice for a wire free outdoor camera
Mixed feelings
Affordable, easy to install, and works great!
Range too limited
GREAT PRODUCT!!!!
Like the camera, HATE the mounts
Blink XT Home Security Camera
One Star
Garbage "mount," NOT appropriate for outdoor use
Decent Camera
If you leave them on 24 hours a day like I do they only last about a mouth or ...
Batteries didn't make it 2 months!! Forget the less than 2 years!!
Poor architecture - And Amazon blocking reviews by purchasers
Junk
Do Not waste your money on this camera system as I did ...
Gets the job done
Extremely unreliable, not acceptable for security devices
It was great until Amazon bought them.
they could have done better to help set up and installation
Long battery life promised
Great product and worth it.
A 5 star system
Ordered 5 blink Camerson then 3 more
Great, basic camera
Easy install
Reliable motion detection, easy set up, free file storage, questionable battery life
WARNING! Not a good camera. Major glitch in the System!!!
Not a review yet but a suggestion
Batteries do NOT last two years...
it's Ok
XT camera auto exposure a problem for shaded doorways.
Not as advertised
The base has a great signal to the wifi (that it is within 5 ...
Not wide enough viewing area.  Seems like cost cutting.
So far mine are working but they're a bit temperamental
Pure Garbage Outdoor Cameras That Dont Work Outdoors
Not as good as I hoped.
Very happy with these cameras!
An option to have better external antennas should be built in to allow for ...
Great peace of mind!
GREAT SYSTEM IF YOU LIKE VIDEOS THAT SAY "UNABLE TO VIEW THIS CLIP AT THIS TIME"
the mount is crap
Great device with a really high picture clarity.
Works very well
Not worth the coin
Battery life is only 3-4 months but a great camera
Setup was super easy--my indoor and outdoor cameras were working in minutes
GOOD SYSTEM IF YOU LIKE VIDEOS THAT SAY "UNABLE TO VIEW THIS CLIP AT THIS TIME"
Needs improvements for us to purchase more.
Easy to follow instructions for set up
Love it
Way better than expected
Low storage
Very Pleased
Night vision is worth the extra $ (compared to the original cameras)
Not a good product.
Not what I was hoping for
... in severe weather but I tried it and I love it. Even in below zero temps it was ...
PRETTY BAD QUALITY !!!  AD IS FAKE and BATTERIES WILL NOT LAST FOR MORE THAN 20 DAYS, EVEN IN A STANDARD CONFIGURATION!!
Set-up Issues
Decent choice for a wire free outdoor camera
If your on the fence totally purchase these.
I have recommended it to a friend already but hope for improved capabilities.
Great camera and a great deal
Awesome but tough setup until wife plugged in
It starts too late, after people are walking away.  Also you can't view these cameras or recordings using a browser or a PC!!
Nice for a basic security without all the bells and muscles.
Blink XT somewhat disappointing
Not individually controllable.. :(  FIX THIS BLINK!!!!
Do not waste your money
Disappointed
Great system at super price!
Blink has discontinued Samsung Smartthings support
Batteries don't last close to 2 years!
Love love love
Not worth the headaches
Peace of mind is worth a lot
Camera video is crisp and clear
These camera's are wonderful! They work great outside and the picture/video are ...
Camera's are unusable after latest firmware update.
Expect to pay a LOT for batteries!!!!
Blink XT 3 camera system
wasnt happy as there is no local storage or storing
Not bad, just a couple of hiccups.
Mystery Solved!
Excellent product
I really like these cameras
App only seems limiting
even a smart phone dummy can install this
Pretty cool
Useless, no support from Amazon/Alexa
OK, not great.
No battery after 6 weeks
Awsome system!
POS from Amazon company
Update
Easy to Set Up But Not the Greatest
These cameras are great, BUT...
40000 seconds
Easy to use, but
IT guy review here.
Great camera for catching thieves
The picture is pretty good however there Two year battery life is a ...
Don’t waste you’re money. Junk.
I love this camera
Where is?
I like it. But needs better motion sensor distance
Cameras do not work in cold weather
Easy setup - connect to the internet, scan QR code and go!
Sharing still photos
Pretty good top tier for performance, price and useability
Monitoring area selection
They're Awesome
Frustrating device.
works great
The picture is pretty good, however it doesn't seem to pick up ...
Too much hands one for the price
Great product at a great price point
Works well.
These cameras do not work at night
Cool Tool
Great wireless camera system
There are awesome!
Not perfect but good for the price
Work great!
Not good battery life. Only lasted three weeks.
Needs more design work.
Great little system. Buy it!
Reliability is top priority
Nice quality
Happy camper
It’s Alright.
Simple to set up and easy to use.
Good system, easy to install.  Mounts not suitable for outdoors.
Easy to use
... while but so far I must say I really like it. It does exactly what I expected it ...
Save you money
Works well and easy to install
One of the device doesn’t work as great. Overall
Camera is good, App is bad
Would recommend 4 3/4 ⭐️
Easy setup, but even with great wireless coverage
Almost what I need
Doesn't work, can't see faces
Unable to add the camera
Wouldn’t get again
Great little cameras
Terrible
Strong WIFI connection, yet long delay with Blink recording start time
Battery life is poor
Uninvited guests captured
Great item except for one issue
Very clear view
Must have!
The Blink system is perfect for my needs.
Very nice system and was literally set up and running in ...
Easy Install
Love the cameras and customer support
Great when it works!
Super easy set up
Doesn't do what it promises
This camera was very easy to put up
Get a less expensive system that can do more for you.
It sadly had to many bugs and not reliable.
Ease of set-up and use.
Do not waste your hard earned money
Does NOT work with FireTV or Fire Tablets!
Easy to operate
Easy setup. Great
Great basic first line security!
Excellent day/night vision security
Connections never work
Good but battery lasted 2 months
Connection bracket weak-Software is terrible-does not work with Echo Spot
Improvement is ongoing. I would say it’s they way to go now.
Easy installation
Eats batteries
The solution needs a local storage option.
Love that it's wireless but batteries don't last.
Great purchase
Excellent camera, great price, 5 month battery life
Works well!!
Great camera, lousy mounts.
Great security.
Overall, best cams I’ve used or seen considering all aspects.
Only one problem
DON'T BUY NOT WATERPROOF!!!
Bright lights on cameras draw the eye
Good, but not quite done
Seems to work great. The motion sense alerts can get annoying quickly ...
High quality video!!
Peace of mind. Worth the investment
Overall is good but....
Cameras are useless
They work great for what they are.
Good while it lasted
batteries do not last for 2 years
nice camera!
Still needs a lot of work
Better cameras out there
great tool
Good, clear video
It’s cheap compared to ring and others.
Please save your money and don’t buy!!!!
Eye see you
The bad out weights the good
Great system
Very pleased, some minor kinks
So far so good
Fancy game camera
Easy set up
They are not as effective as mentioned.
Great product
Working great
Too many unfavorable reviews for me
Not Secure.
Like it!
Battery
Great Value
Save yourself some frustration by an Arlo instead.
Junk
Great camera
Very satisfied with this purchase!
Generally a good system for the very modest price
Blink Prime Day Purchase
Dont waste your money
Add on
Pros and cons
Make improvements to make this a great product
Easy to use, good picture
Really Happy with this camera
Works great!
They are very easy to setup
Love my Blink Cameras!
Ehhh could be better.
Works with Alexa great!
Blink XT is a good system for the money
Just security I needed
Who's at your house when you're not?!
I would recommend these cameras to anyone who has pets
Short delay
Lots of false movenents
Awesome
Very dissapointed
Easy to install and use the Blink home security system
Easy to set up!!
Great quality camera, easy notifications
Great!
Meh
Limited usefulness
... fast from Amazon and set up was fast and easy. Installing these cameras is very convenient because they ...
Easy install, great app on iPhone, I love this product!
Great product!
Nice little camera
Dont waist ur money
Not Worth It
Camera mount!!!
Blink XT Camera System
Leaves a lot to be desired... maybe Amazon acquiring them will change that.
De-Blink
Dot recommend to anyone for their safety
Grainy picture but notifications and app options are nice
Inside base to camera signal is weak.
Great system for a Bargan Price
Great product!
Does what I need it to
Great picture quality
Works very well
Great product for the price!
Works great so far
Video quality is great!
Easy set up
Dissapointing
Great little camera
... system for a few weeks now and couldn't be happier. Especially because I bought it on Prime Day ...
Regret the purchase.
Do not buy this.  A total fail!
Using 4 inside and 4 outside
An excellent security camera.
Love it!!@!
Great while it lasted... died after 9 months
Not Good for Busy Neighborhoods
I am extremely happy with my Blink in home camera
Junk Unreliable Camera - Overpriced  - low quality
Works well.
Module won't connect to Wi-Fi and the worst part is there is no one to talk to ...
Small and simple
Easy and does the job
Where's the Peep Hole model?
The worst is that there is no sound alert even though ...
No monthly fees!
Great cameras! Very easy to install!
These are great for the money!
Blink does the job!
Great system.
No motion recorded through a window.
Live action
Ok to start but gets worse in a short time
Eyes On...
Blink - battery gone in one week
Love the camera and quality
Impressed with camera
For the price hard to beat
What happened?!
Great security cameras so far!
Loving it
Easy to install, Great Customer Service
Great system.
It works but no through glass
easy to setup and works well anywhere i place it ...
Overall great security system with a few minor bumps
Not enough mounting options...
but overall great camera for outdoor use that sends notifications to your ...
I've become addicted
Bummer
Good but can be better.
Blink is the way to go!
Blink security is awesome
Outstanding!
clear picture, decent audio
Great cameras but had an issue with battery life.
These are really good cameras and a great value for the money
Since they are so easy to install
Excellent Camera system
Great camera.
No Monthly FEES
picture quailty
Not good for outdoor use
Great cameras, mounting brackets blow.
Less features with frustrating mount
Good value
Best Home Camera System Out There
Super easy
Weak reception makes it impossible to use
Works great, easy set up with the phone
Very easy to install and set up
Really works day or night
Jury's still out.
Beware when setup outside due to cold weather
Awesome product
Changeable Double A’s
mounting brackets are A JOKE
Works great for me.
I wanted to love it.
Peace of mind
Serves its purpose!
very weak mounting, poor customer support
Simply The Best
Weather
Good buy
Great value
Decent system
The battery life isn't anywhere near 2 years.
Good quality picture, easy set up Batteries don’t last.
Easy to install and use
Quality security camera
Easy setup.
Love Blink!
Do your research and figure out placement before purchase
Batteries won't last
Product is not bad easy installation however the customer support or should I ...
security
undependable motion detection
Great cameras so far
work great. battery life is terrible
Outstanding performance
Never worked properly.
Review
Awesome Price Good Quality Video
One Star
Don’t buy range / camera placement critical to working correctly
Super Simple Set-Up
App lacks basic features
Not for a high traffic area
So Far So Good,,
Great buy
Poor security camera
It Sucks!!!
Not able to connect and they can send used camera for new.
Easy to install, use, and affordable
reasonable price, nice video quality.
Awesome Camera System.
Easy setup
Ease of use
Junk
Battery Life is not 2 years!
Worked great until the first power failure then I had to ...
Very good product
These cameras are great. They can be put anywhere and really work ...
but they are pretty sharp and super easy to install
so good..
Easy to install
Love it!
and just love it. It is needed to watch my disabled ...
That easy to install and link up  The sync module can hold up to 10 cameras.
Blink Security Camera are awesome
Love the camera's and flexibility of the product.
Great product, specially for the price
Good camera quality.
Battery life is not even close to 2 years
Great at first but doesnt last.
There is a slight delay from the time the camera detects movement and starts recording.
I would recommend this camera... easy to use... affordable price.
motion detection failure...
I love it! Had it for a month haven't had ...
Excellent quality. Great battery life.
easy to install
Totally works and easy to set up
Great System!!!
Worth it!
Great product
easy to use
Night vision doesn't work
Poor video
Great value, amazon needs to pay attention to the reviews for a better product investment though.
Great camera's
Piece of mind
My XT outside 20 yds from the module.
Extremely easy to set up
I love the system
Seems to be a great product. To early to tell how they hold ...
Better Set-Up
Works well needs some clarity
Affordable and Dependable Camera System
Its better than nothing
Poor night vision
Four Stars
convenience
More of a toy for a child to play spy with.
Delayed notifications
Nice cameras
The pictures are clear, and very detailed.
Good picture and sensitive to movement, easy setup
Great addition to home security
Simple and effective peace of mind.
Disappointed
Two different cameras failed to connect to sync module
Works Great
Good quality video
great camera system
Love the Blink XT system
Love the size
great security for the money and no monthly fees
Five Stars
Easy to install & use
Just not worth this price
Awesome !!
Bracket Not Designed Well
Four Stars
Easy installation!
Sooooo easy to set up!!
Super easy installation and hides from plain sight easily
NEEDED SECURITY!
Security
Catches everything.
I love these cameras
No monthly charge
Not bad, but...
Glad I purchased these
Great
Ease of use
No zoom?!  Really?! Otherwise nice
If you're looking for a system, this is it.
I'd like to get an outdoor model now
Works Great!
Well made and breeze to install
Nice
Blink
would recommend
Great quality for the price
Very good resolution!
Great Family gift idea
Great battery operated camera
Faulty hardware. Had to return it.
Horrible Customer Service!
If u are going in and out u can disarm it so it doesn’t record every time.
Affordable security
Three Stars
Four Stars
Great little camera
Battery Lasted Less than a Month
Disappointed
Easy Configuration
Great purchase
Easy to set up and use.
Love that you can turn it off and on remotely
No Link to Amazon TV?!
Missing Pieces
it is very easy to set them up
Awesome product
Perfect security cameras
The phone alert is not loud enough
I wish the alert would happen at the start of motion detection
Easy to use
Bad alarm
Terrible outdoor camera
Best camera in the market right now.
Caught in the act
Five Stars
Good product
I’ve had this a couple of months & have enjoyed it so far
These cameras are great! I an thinking of getting two more
Setup is a pain in the butt.
Great System
Great picture
Awesome Customer Service.
Very easy to install and start using!!
A little extra protection
Easy to install, easy to setup, easy to use!
Highly recommend Blink!
Great cameras, simple to configure!
Blink camera
Too many false alerts, sensitivity tuning pointless
Suggested options
Like very much
Security Camera's
Easy Peasy
Everything
Battery life sucks
Not worth it.
Good system
Meets expectation
Great protection device
So far so good
Great for the price!
Blocked my review on the camera/sync unit kit!!! Unreal amazon!
May need a stronger router to use
the picture clarity is very good. Overall I am pleased with the Blink system
Easy
Very disappointed
Installation extremely Easy !!!
Good deal for the price.
Inexpensive Home Security
NO two Day shipping for this one
Couldn't be better
Not worth the money
Very good product!
Great value security camera
Good for basic usage
No movement
Perfect pictures
Would not work at my house! Company made me pay for return shipping $16+.. Very dissatisfied!!
Great picture and battery life!
Better System
Won’t configure as instructed.
Easy setup. Works well
Good for the money
Wireless
This was the perfect security system for me
optional smoke detector an alarm modules should be availble
Junk, save your money!
Perfect for the price.
Trouble with one camera
Easy to use
Blink app is not compatible with android operating system 4.4 (Kitkat)
Brilliant product - Love it, love it, love it!!!
upload speed
They work better when you buy the covers with the arm easier to install and move Holds better to
Buy em!!!!  They are AWESOME! If I wasn't so poor I'd buy 20 of them.
One HECKUVA system!!!
Motion detection works well and video footage is good enough. Battery life depends on usage with there 2 year Battery claim is h
Easy to use!
Super easy setup
One Star
Great
Five Stars
First couple hours of hurricane Florence
Works but the delay is a bummer.
Great system
No google assistant integration
1 month in and we love our Blink system
Not only reasonably priced, great product!!
Easy to use and install!
Easy set up
Great security camera
Super Easy Install and Setup!!
Best Camera System.
Disappointed - missing 1 mounting kit
Easy to set up
not hd
Doesn’t always record
By my first experience this is terrible but i might just go a bad module
Great image
A bird even activates the camera.
Nice
Happy
Blink XT simply works great!
Just what we needed!
very cool
great product
Fantastic
Being able to download the video for law enforcement.
Disappointing
Easy Install and works great
Perfect camera/smooth operation
Easy
Read the directions
REALLY GREAT SNAP SHOTS !!!
Five Stars
Don’t buy this product. (Please read)
Awesome
Good and inexpensive home security system
Avoid this camera
Batteries are weak.
Batteries WILL NOT LAST anywhere close to advertised
Would like to be able to delete several clips at the ...
Read
Motion detector
Great product
So Easy To Install and Hook Up!
Great to use but bugs also like it.
-30 outside, post office won’t deliver packages but blink is still ready!
Two Stars
Bad nighttime vision
Great deal!
has been great so far.
Great pictures
Crap
Will not work!!
Easy, durable and great cameras.
