 I was very disappointed in this book after reading all the hype about it. While the reading is good, the story is so nonsensical- a 6 year old left alone in a shack raises herself, living in the same shack, using the same boat, and no one lifts a hand to help her? In more than 20 years, the boat never breaks down, the house doesn't need repairs and she's able to wear the same clothes for many years....she's got long hair that she says is ratty and tangled but description s of it has it down her back, luxurious...she's gorgeous but bathing is optional until in her 20s...she has sex with a philanderer but never gets a vd and not once apparently does she get sick. No flu, cold, nothing....she never got shots and apparently has the immune system of a super hero because she stepped on a nail and never got tetanus....I kept reading so I'd finish and the ending is unexpected but it's generally a boring book where day after day, she's alone in the marsh....
 This is one of the most moving, caring, emotional novels I have ever read.  I read this book only because I had met Delia and have read her wildlife books she wrote with husband Mark Owens.  After starting the book this was all I could think about for days.  Kya's life become part of mine and the characters ceased to live on the page... they were alive with me and I was in the marsh, feeling every feather - the air, creatures and the plants.  Jumpin' became a trusted friend and so many moments touched my very soul.  I should not have been surprised as Delia has a great style in her wildlife books that I love to read.  But a novel like this is not my normal read.  Maybe I need to now reconsider what I choose as this book stopped me cold and made me rethink a lot that happened in my life.  Delia touched the human soul with her behavioral descriptions.  She is not only a respected wildlife scientist, she is a human behaviorist and understands more about the human condition that just about anyone else I know.  This is a tremendous treasure of a book and I'm sure it's staying in my read again list for a long time.  Highly recommend the book.
 I am extremely stingy with my compliments for good books, but this tale is well-deserving of the praise. Of the last dozen or so books I've read, only two others earned five complete stars by me: She Read to Us in the Late Afternoons: A Life in Novels by Kathleen Hill, and Circe by Madeline Miller.<br/><br/>I have to confess that I have also had magical moments with marsh creatures such as herons, eagles, and mud turtles. Like the main character, Kya, I am a compulsive collector of treasures from those Great Rock Tumblers: the Chesapeake Bay and Atlantic Ocean which makes this book so attractive to me. However, Delia Owens' writing is more than just about the natural world. She spins a good and very well-written tale about murder, courtroom drama, nature, poetry, and even love.<br/><br/>Another reviewer described Owens' writing as lyrical. It is. Take your time and savor every sentence.
 Wow! I just finished reading Where the Crawdads Sing. And I will say it again, Wow! This books is so filled with emotion. Kya, the main character, is trying to survive by herself from a young age. She has been abandoned by those who should teach her, guide her, protect her. She has to fend for herself.  Two men come into her life and teach her about the good and bad in life.<br/> I only keep few book's that I know I will read again. This is staying in my library.
 About half this book was good. Beautifully written at times, and with an interesting, plausible story. But wait...the gaps  ...Maybe less time talking about Kya fumbling around with sex with Chase and more time on her development as a renowned author and painter would have been nice. There's more, but you may be reading the book. I must comment though on the most ridiculous court room antics since  Curly's trial in a Three Stooges short.  Oh, I think I just did. (And just after reading a book on Harper Lee - if you know what I mean). This was one of the most disappointing books I have read in quite a long time. Sorry Ms. Witherspoon. Can I get my money back if I return the book?
 My favorite book of the year by far.  So beautifully written.  No skimming over sections in this book.  I devoured every single word.  I laughed, I cried (a lot) and most importantly thought differently about life - mine and everyone else's.  I became the character of Kya, desperately alone and forced to try to eke out an existence on her own in the marshes.  The marshes are their own separate character, but despite the fact that I am freaked out by insects and mud and most other creepy crawlies, I could actually imagine myself enjoying the Carolina experience, hard as it was.  You will root for Kya, I did, sometimes shouting out loud- You Go Girl!!!!!  I read this book in one day and can't stop thinking about it.  There are several clues to the surprise ending if you pay attention to the details.  This is a KEEPER!
 This book had so many fantastic reviews. I was looking forward to reading it but quickly became disillusioned. I'm from NC and have never heard anyone talk with the type of accents Ms. Owens chose for her characters. It seems like a small thing but it was extremely distracting, and eventually became ridiculous, especially because the characters somehow switched back and forth between speaking like Mark Twain's Jim to perfect English. It made me wonder if the author has ever been to our fair state. The story was good enough, albeit predictable, and it's obvious the author did her research on marsh life. I learned quite a few wildlife facts that were interesting. The conversations just kept me wrinkling up my nose with distaste and I ended the book on a sour note.
 Started reading it 10am and finished 8pm! Could not put it down. Main characters are easy to get to know (so you think) and the story draws you in from the start! I look forward to more from this author!! Read this Book!
 This is a romance novel masquerading as literary fiction.<br/><br/>The plot becomes increasingly ludicrous as it progresses, and by the end it is laughable.<br/><br/>The dialogue limps from cliche to cliche. The heavy-handed dialect is painful to read.<br/><br/>Some good nature writing — that’s the only redeeming quality, and the reason why I am giving this two stars instead of one.<br/><br/>The NYT should fire that reviewer.
 The base storyline for this book - girl grows up in swamp, has few friends, becomes an expert on swamp life, lives a productive, unusual life - is strong and would have been a fine story. But somewhere along the way the writer decided the story needed more spice, I guess, and added what was for me a story killer. Do a rewrite and take out Chase Andrews. He doesn't need to be there, and Kya gets to remain a remarkable woman instead of what she actually ends up being.
 Let me start by saying that this is the first review I have ever given.  I am a voracious reader and have over 5,000 books in my library.  I read fiction, non fiction, political, bios, horror, true crime, and everything in between.  I saw this book recommended on some magazine publication review, do not remember which one.  The plot sounded like something I might be interested in with intrigue, mystery, murder, and love.  I will admit that the narration of nature in the swamp and marsh does get a little redundant but  if you get past that you will find a book with a narrative hard to put down. You will feel compassion for the main character like you may have never felt before.  This book brought me to tears at the end.  I  recommended it as  a "must read" .  I don't think you will walk away not remembering KYA for a long time.
 I read a lot. Sometimes folks refer a title to me ... sometimes I don't ALWAYS 'adjust' to the referring individuals taste. My niece recommended this title and said, "It's not so much the story line ... even though that's VERY good ... but, the WRITING style. After the first pages, I was HOOKED. Love Ms. Owen's style. Descriptive, picturesque speech.
 Looks like I'm in the minority here, but did not enjoy this book. OK, wait, yes, I enjoyed the beginning and thought this has promise!  Then, it just went down paths that caused me to go "meh".  I could go on an on, but the thing that just got me the most, was when grown up Kya would speak.  REALLY?  I'm supposed to believe this kid, who was taught to read by another kid, would speak that properly and in such complete sentences without even a contraction used?  Yeah, no.
 Based on the reviews, and the sample pages I previewed on my kindle, I really wanted to like this book. And some of the writing was beautiful, particularly descriptions of nature. But...this is not a compelling read. The plot is beyond belief in many aspects, about a child virtually raising herself from the age of five, then her learning proficiency in reading from lessons from another child a few times a week over a course of month, to the main character’s brother all of a sudden showing up after many years (in spite of his apparently living close by). There are many plot holes. For example, Kya drives an unlicensed boat around the swamp for many years. Even back in the 60’s, boats had to have an annual license. Another: we find at the end of the book that she’d received mail for many years after the reader is told that all that was ever in her mailbox was advertisements. There are several others. Many characters are stereotyped caricatures, and the dialogue was often contrived or predictable. Hard for me to understand how so many have given this five stars. Weak plot. One dimensional characters (other than Kya— but you have to suspend considerable disbelief to relate to her), and poorly written (and sometimes unnecessary) dialogue.
 I was sure I would like this book..and actually finished it.  I grew more irritated with each page by the last half.  I grew up in coastal North Carolina and was born in the 40s, so would be the same age as the main characters.  It was clear that the author did not do her research about the area and about what would be plausible at the time of the story. When she mentioned real towns, she should have known Asheville would not be the destination city from the coast, especially in the 60s.  Ma's old cardboard suitcase that had been in the closet in the marsh for 19 years would be covered in mildew,  Fireflies would have been called lightening bugs. No boy in a small town in NC would have been named either Tate or Chase in 40s, more recent popular names.  I could go on and on.  The inconsistencies in the dialect was grating, and many parts of the story were just not believable to me.  I am amazed that so many people loved the book and the poetry.
 I did not find this story believable, and  the characters were awkward and flat  It just dragged on with no spark
 Not sure how this one received all the  five star reviews. Started out quite slowly, picked up briefly, then just became a very long slow tale that didn't bother explaining much of what we really going on with the characters and their circumstances. Ending was just so condensed compared with rest of book.
 Can't read, no school, starved and all alone but learns to read and then studies Einstein, really? Left all alone her whole life but the towns 2 most eligible bachelors fall for her, a good guy and a bad boy, really? I'm definitely in the minority.
 I grew up in a coastal community in Northeast Florida with precisely the type of landscape described so eloquently in this novel, so perhaps that’s why I am having a much more difficult time excusing the author’s blatant errors in correctly differentiating between salt and freshwater species! There are no craw dads in a salt marsh, nor will you ever catch a bream there or observe wildlife drinking the salt water from the shore. These inaccuracies combined with the bizarre dialect selected as representative of North Carolina made the reading experience surreal and even offensive. Without a doubt, the author painted pretty word pictures of this salt/fresh water marsh, but the inconsistencies were too much to overcome. The story line itself was also pretty lackluster, even ignoring its implausibility. More proof that you should stick with the adage “Write what you know”!
 First of all, I'll tell you what I loved about the book. I loved the writing--the way the author put words together creating a beautiful scene. She is very talented and has a wonderful, lilting, poetic, picturesque way about her prose. I enjoyed it. I also liked her main story idea of this young girl being abandoned out in the marsh, but learns to survive on her own. I believe someone like her could be a 'scientist' of sorts. I imagine someone like her could find and accurately categorize the wildlife, flora, and fauna of the place that is her whole world. But, her rise in the 'academic world' just wasn't believable. Very intriguing idea, but not convincing. Maybe I'm just a little too much of a realist to completely lose myself in that aspect of the story. Perhaps if the author would have described some 'hardships' other than extreme loneliness (and at first hunger).  Everything on the marsh was just so romantic and beautiful. What about the reality of living on the marsh? The bugs in the food, the idea of using the woods for nature calls esp. during that time of the month, or when you've got food poisoning from no refrigeration, or catch a cold, or suffer from numerous insect bites making your skin look terrible from excessive scratching, or what happens if you cut yourself, break a bone or need antibiotics? What person escapes childhood (even with lots of adults around) without any sickness or injury requiring adult intervention? Everything was just too beautiful--almost Disney-fied. Nothing (but humans) can hurt you in the marsh...yeah right. And the fact that she was just so beautiful and irresistible was also just a bit unbelievable.  We're talking about someone who isn't going to have the best hygiene, wouldn't have shaved her legs or armpits, no visits to the dentist, no floss, etc. etc. Her hair was long, beautiful, flowing...all the time without any products or seeing a professional. Marsh life would be tough on hair I would imagine. Yeah, all right, you could say all these miraculous beauty secrets COULD happen with some kind of natural remedies, but I have big doubts. I'm just saying some of the 'she is like a beautiful fairy with flowers intertwined in her luscious hair; her clear, unbitten, unblemished, flawless skin, and a perfect figure'...bothered me. Yes, she could be naturally beautiful, but what about every day hardships? Maybe throw in a few realistic aspects of living in the wild. Just watching Survivor would show you how people really look after time in the wild. Some of it ain't pretty. So, the Marsh girl is beautiful and smarter than anyone could imagine...almost everyone misjudges her. That whole theme went a little overboard in my opinion. And the conversations that she had with her love interests...unbelievably boring. I kept listening for some sign that there was all that intellect hidden under that Disney princess hair, but if you judge her on her dialogue alone? Yawn. Also, when the author has the main character reading poetry...I always picture the writer thinking, "filler...I need filler..."  A little bit is fine, but too much becomes distracting IMO.  Overall, despite my somewhat critical review, I enjoyed this book enough to give it four stars. I just thought a little too much suspension of belief distracted me from the story. Others may not find the Gorgeous-Nymph-in-a-boat in a magical marsh where she's friends with all creatures-fairytale as unbelievable or irritating as I  did.  But, still it was an entertaining read and that is usually what I judge books on. All in all, the author has a beautiful way with words and I would recommend this book.
 I'm very torn.<br/><br/>After reading the 27,000+ rave reviews, my expectations were sky high. That's never a good thing, but the truth is, although there were many things to love in this story, there were many things I found lacking.<br/><br/>First, the prose was absolutely stunning and beautifully descriptive. The problem for me was, amazing descriptions don't wow me. Amazing stories do. And I'm not entirely sure this was an amazing story.<br/><br/>Second, the characters, Kya included, never really came to life for me. They all seemed flat and uninspired. At its roots, this is nothing more than a "girl from the wrong side of the tracks" story. Think Pretty In Pink, but set in a coastal marsh.<br/><br/>Third, so much of the story line was simply implausible. From the abandonment, to the lack of interest in this young girl, to the trial--especially the trial.  I can't say much without giving spoiling the book, but trust me, the trial is a farce.<br/><br/>Fourth, the poetry throughout was incredibly annoying to me. I found myself skipping over those sections throughout the novel, for two reasons--I'm not a poetry fan, and this poetry (what I read of it) was pretty terrible.<br/><br/>At the end of the day, it's a lovely novel...it simply didn't resonate with me. I recommend it for those who love nature, poetry, and vivid prose.<br/><br/>3.25 stars
 This is one of the worst books I've read in a long time.  The characters are hard to like, the plot is hard to believe, and the ending...  Spend your precious time with something better, please.
 I just finished binge reading this book. I shed many tears at the love of humanity throughout the book that kept the difficult life of the Marsh Girl from being absolutely tragic. Even the ending was perfect....or so I thought. The final ending ruined the entire book. I went from tears to dry-eyed disgust that such a beautifully written story was absolutely ruined.  I went from not being able to wait to let everyone know not to miss this book... to wanting to tell everyone do not read!  It is interesting how the end of a book can totally destroy the fine story, and this one certainly does. The ending does not, in any way, represent the character of the Marsh Girl that was so carefully crafted.  Too, too, too bad to ruin a great story.
 Wow, how can so many readers rave about this book? I thought it was just awful. It took me every minute of the two weeks I had it on loan to get to the end. I don't know why I stuck with it as it was painful every time I picked it up; maybe I was in the mood for masochism. So what's wrong with it? Well, for one thing, every page was screaming at me, "This is sad. So sad. SO SAD!!!" I have a strong bias against books that I feel are emotionally manipulating me. As soon as I started reading about The Marsh Girl, I was reminded of 'Beasts of the Southern Wild,' a wonderful story of a little girl living alone with her sick father in the swamps. Mother gone, dad drinks too much and frequently disappears, both try to avoid the bad, bad authorities, and both love the natural environment even though it causes hardships--but that's where the similarity ends. 'Where the Crawdads Sing' should hope to be a tenth as good (but it isn't). It also can't decide whether it is a coming of age story or a murder mystery; the chapters jump between telling the story of Kya's life and the investigation of a murder for which she is later tried. And those trial scenes were the absolute most hackneyed that I have ever read. Old Perry Mason scripts were better. Secondary character--with the exception of Jumpin', a black man who runs a tiny gas station/convenience store that serves boaters, and his wife Mabel, are total stereotypes. 1) Jordie, the helpful older brother who quickly disappears, leaving Kya alone with 2) the drunken, abusive dad who isn't all bad when he's sober. 3) The Good Boy, Tate, who becomes Kya's only friend, and 4) The Bad Boy, Chase, the seduce-and-abandon type. 5) The cocky police chief and 6) his cocky assistant and 7) the cocky prosecutor. As to the writing: I love nature as much as the next person, but the writing in the long, long, tedious, repetitive passages describing shells and sea gulls and bird feathers and fireflies were, in my opinion, just plain bad (but not as bad as the trial chapters).  And a really bad "surprise" ending.<br/><br/>I could go on, but just--ugh.
 writing, plot, everything that makes a good book makes this book awful. a waste of time
 Unpopular opinion: I did not love this novel like many others did and perhaps the hype worked against it for me. "Where the Crawdads Sing" is the story of a young girl, Kya Clark, abandoned by nearly everyone: her family, her community, the school system. Throughout it all, she's managed to survive and piece together a meaningful life for herself filled with nature and the marsh she resides in. The readers get the chance to grow with Kya, the writer chronicling her journey as a young girl to her older age. The second story happening in the book is the unraveling of a murder and whether or not Kya played a role in it.<br/><br/>There are certain parts throughout the book where I had to suspend my disbelief in order to power through the story. One of which was the high school quarterback interested in Kya as was Tate, a man who left for college but was haunted by memories and desires of his time with her. Perhaps this is me but realistically, I couldn't imagine either of those things happening based on Kya's interactions with either man. There was also no female bonding, just Kya being surrounded by them to offer her a helping hand. Both individuals seemed written to type, the classic good guy/bad guy scenario, which made the decision-making process in the love triangle relatively easy. I also thought that the pacing in the novel slowed down the story for me, as did the nature descriptions and many outdoors scenes where Kya is alone, inspecting the marsh. Though beautifully written, I never felt like those scenes moved the story along. It felt unnecessary to me.<br/><br/>I don't want to reveal spoilers about the end but I rolled my eyes at some of the reveals. It was too coincidental.
 Anyone who reads this book will be compelled to suspend disbelief.  I have not read anything this ridiculous in all my decades as an eclectic reader.  Fairy tales are more believable.  This heroine raises herself without parents, money, food or help in a primitive shack.  Never going to school, a child not much older than her teaches her to read.  She then self-educates herself into becoming a wildlife scientist who collects specimens and paints them with so little effort an editor snaps up and publishes them in books.  She is offered honorary college degrees but she declines to receive them.  Surprise!  She is also a secretly published poet (of some pretty bad poetry).  Don't get me started on her remarkable love life or trial for murder!  This book puts romance novels up a few notches in my estimation.  Who the heck raves about this mess?
 So poor fisherman’s son is going to teach abandoned child how to read.  What book does he whip out for this task.  ‘Sand county almanac’ Duh...  Every backwoods boy and girl carries that one...  It’s a really nice story but it is written to a Jr Hi Audience and should be sold as such.  Half way through I was ready to give it three stars but by the time I got to the murder trial something clicked.  It was as though the the author saw what I saw.  The characters, the story, it just wasnt enough...  So, throw in a murder mystery, heavens, have a trial too!!
 I really wanted to like this book after all the praise and reviews I read. But I found it extremely long winded and boring. It was like reading about paint slowly drying and being told about each and every minute detail. There was no big twist of an ending either, it was pretty obvious.
 Implausible, boring, dull, lacking character development, overwrought, absurd in places, and predictable.
 Where the Crawdads Sing by Delia Owens<br/><br/>Improbable, unlikely, unbelievable. There so many holes in the plot and in the writing that it falls apart in the first quarter. After an awful, neglected childhood, Kya survives taking care of herself from a very young age, finds a young man, Tate, who not only rescues her but teaches her to read, love poetry, and introduces her to university-level books. She’s Eve in paradise, a wild girl-child to be rescued, Pygmalion to Tate, educated and formed by him. He is even on hand to teach her about “becoming a woman“. All the time she remains isolated from all others and has no money except what she earns by scraping together pennies from selling mussels and fish. Unbelievable that a girl survives alone in the swamps, unbelievable she’s never seen, never caught by a person who would do her harm, yet she reads, recites poetry and feeds herself. There’s no description of how she earns money as she grows besides selling mussels and fish in her early years. There’s no indication that she uses her learned knowledge to lift herself out of the swamps and improve her life, earn a keep. There are many things that just don’t gel — the parents who are fairly middle-class, doing well until the depression where they lose all, move to the swamps where the father turns into the cliched drunk loser speaking swamp patois while the mother remains elegant, painting watercolours, hiding Easter eggs in the garden. There’s terminology that would have not been used or even known in 1965/69.  Poetry is littered throughout the text (some very bad poetry that’s easy to identify as the author’s). It would have been much more authentic if there was local Appalachian stories, songs, ditties and lore.
 I loved this book from the very first sentence to the very last sentence.<br/><br/>The prologue begins in 1969 in the Marsh.  From the first few sentences describing it “Marsh is a space of light, where grass grows in water, and water flows into the sky” you are pulled into the wonderful descriptive writing.  But then we soon learn that we are being introduced to the Marsh through the discovery of a body, that of Chase Andrews.<br/><br/>Then we are taken back to 1952.  Kya, six years old, watches her ma walking away from the house.  She is wearing her fake alligator skin high heels and carrying a blue train case.  Ma always turned around to wave when she reached the road, but this time she didn’t.  That was the last time Kya saw her mother.<br/><br/>As her brothers and sisters leave one by one, Kya is left to fend for herself.  Sometimes her pa is around and sometimes he isn’t.  Kya learns to survive in the marsh.<br/><br/>I can’t even begin to describe the life Kya leads, without giving anything away.  I don’t want there to be any spoilers because it unfolds so beautifully in the book.<br/><br/>The story is everything, heartbreaking, heartwarming, lyrical, moving, tragic and uplifting.  I fell in love with Kya, her strength, her simple goodness.<br/><br/>Highly recommend.<br/><br/>I received an ARC of the book.
 I wanted to love this book and it did start out well with intriguing characters and story lines. The descriptions of nature are beautiful. Beyond that, the plot unfolds along predictable lines, punctuated here and there by events that are hard to believe (sudden fame, for example). The writing itself is often overwrought.
 I have this book from Audible. At first I found the reader annoying. Then I realized that it was not just the reader it was the entire story. It was totally unbelievable- a child whose entire family abandons her to live in the marsh alone? The county welfare agents know this but but do nothing about it? Asheville is closet big city to the coast? The child learns to read, write, paint, all on her own? None of the characters are developed. None of them are likable. I cannot believe the reviews this book is getting. I’m glad Audible will take back books you don’t like because after listening to more than half I’m going to have them delete it from my listening library. I don’t want to waste anymore time listening to this predictable drivel. For the excellently written account of a child who taught herself, read the memoir, “Educated.”
 It pains me mightily to read some of these five star reviews. This book is at best an average first novel, and at worst a copycat’s primer. It has been done before, better, by several writers. The characters are pretty used up by the many who came before. All of them. If this is where we have arrived in our appreciation of literature, maybe we need to start over.
 Kya, abandoned, grows up alone in a shack in the coastal marsh of North Carolina. This is her story, one of love and mystery.<br/>Her marsh is located an hour and a half from Greenville. Yet when "Pa," drunk and carless, needs to seek advice from veterans affairs, he goes not to nearby Fayetteville, but to Asheville, some 350 miles away near the Tennessee border . Later, when a shopkeeper leaves town to stock up on supplies, he goes not to nearby Wilmington, or New Bern, or even Raleigh, but apparently makes a 700-mile round trip again to Asheville. Many read this manuscript, including an editor, and yet no one seems to have consulted a map of NC. This bizarre geographical ignorance mars an otherwise nicely written account of Kya's struggle with loneliness, isolation, and love. Still, a four-star, and overall a nice easy read.
 It was not well written-too much deja-vie descriptions, the accomplishments of the marsh girl-a little fantastic. Sorry I disliked it but as is my won't I finished it!!!! I gave it one star for effort!
 A well-written book, but what a downer. After reading about 40%, l just had to say, no more.  Nothing good is going to happen next to this poor  girl! Kya, when we first meet her is six years old and is living in a shackin the North Carolina marshland with her family. She is waving goodbye to her beloved mother who is leaving and not looking back, and leaving behing poor Kya and four older children and an abusive husband. The little girl fends for herself, though a few people look out for her. She learns phenomenal survival skills. There is also a storyline about a privileged young man who was murdered and whose broken body lies in the marsh. We meet him first as a child who careens around on his bicycle, barely missing pedestrians.<br/>The author does give us vivid and beautiful descriptions of the birds and other wildlife that inhabit the marsh. She is a gifted writer.<br/>But the story is unrelentingly sad and, at the point l stopped reading, seemingly with just more unhappy things to come.<br/>Because of this, l  would not recommend it.
 Amazon recommended this to me after finishing Bastard Out of Carolina by Dorothy Allison, one of my favorite books, for what must be the hundredth time. It just doesn't compare. There is a lot of potential here, but it's largely unexplored. The character development is unsatisfying, and much of the story feels rushed. There are far too many convenient plot twists for my taste, and the use of dialect, especially by the black characters, gets hokey and grating after a while. The whole novel has the feel of a rough draft. Expanded, it might be better.
 Not impressed. Perfect for a Lifetime movie. Sorry I spent the money and the time. Just ca not recommend this novel.
 What a book for the senses!  After finishing it, I’m still so full of sights, smells, tastes, emotions; I think it will stay with me for a long, long time.  It’s a beautiful, incandescent story written with lyrical prose that weaves seamlessly from the past to the current time in which the story is set.  I was completely immersed in a marsh in North Carolina and didn’t want the story to end.  The ending...didn’t see it coming.  Just...wow.  The whole book is wow.
 Absolutely did not like the ending.  For a woman who was so private, into the delicacies of life and nature, and then finding out she killed Chase completely turned my positive feelings towards her.  Definitely did not like that.
 I loved the story.  I loved the portrayal of Kya's sense of loneliness, betrayal, abandonment, and isolation.  I loved the author's ability to make the marsh come alive with abundance of life in nature's nursery which is a tidal estuary.  I loved the way that the author infused each character with characteristics which made each one come alive for the reader. It was possible to feel the abhorrent treatment that caused a mother to walk away from her own children. It was possible for the reader to take part in Tate's self-flagellation for allowing his own personal goals to come between him and the love that he felt for Kya.  It was extremely easy to feel the hatred and animosity that Kya felt toward Chase.  What was not to love about the realistic portrayal of Jumpin' and Mabel and the unbreakable bond that formed between them and Kya.  The author made all of her characters relatable and believable. Probably not since Rocky have I cheered for the underdog. Anyone who has ever experienced a loss in his/her life will become totally absorbed into Kya's triumphs and traS<br/>gedies.  At the risk of putting a damper on the enjoyment of this book by future readers, I will now issue a spoiler alert.  With the abundance of acknowledgement s at the end of the book, someone should have been wise enough to put this story in the proper geographic and chronological perspective. There is no way that a Trailways bus can get from Greenville, NC to the Atlantic Ocean in one and a half hours. The is no where that the marsh runs headlong into the Atlantic Ocean--especially where a small runabout can leave the marsh and motor directly into the ocean. There are hundreds of varieties of marine life in a saltwater estuary, but the break that were caught and eaten in the book could not have lived in saltwater.  They are a freshwater sunfish.  The time frame of the book is a decade too late. Separate but equal segregated schools no longer existed. It was no longer legal for restaurants to refuse entry to women and blacks. No longer could courthouses require the "coloreds" to sit in the balcony. And finally, and most grievous of all, there is not a single town in the state of North Carolina that is surrounded by the Everglades.
 Quite literally, this novel is unbelievable. The story is so thin it crumbles and I can't forgive for the sake of the rest. The characters are unbelievable too, especially the heroine, who says and does things that defy logic. The writing was bland; it reminded me of bad television not literature. I did like all the natural history and nature references. Maybe the author should stick to that.
 Disappointed a book so rich in detail about nature would suggest coastal Carolinians would in the 1960s drive hours to Asheville to shop<br/>Not feasible
 This was an entertaining read and as a beach read I might have given it four stars. But it's a little more ambitious than that, and there are significant flaws. For some the editor (was there one?) was probably more at fault than the author. The most glaring, constantly annoying issue was the dialogue. White characters in 1960s/70s small town NC speak in perfect modern English (80% of the time), black characters in a vernacular. It's laughably racist. There are other instances of sloppiness with details and lack of thought and research. Maybe no research. It is like the author has never been to NC. The time and place just aren't consistently established. Kya gets running water installed. What does that mean? She already had a well. That's running water. She certainly didn't get hooked up to a municipal water supply. Likewise electricity. The fix it man did what, exactly, to get electrical service to her shack? Bubba doesn’t just run miles of electrical wires through a marsh. You have to call the electric company. The local marina starts selling $3.50 espresso before women enter the local watering hole for the first time in history. The main character is so beautiful she attracts both of the most eligible men in town. Plausible for a teen, but by her twenties she’d probably have a unibrow and her teeth would be falling out. She is self educated to a university standard, but her mom didn’t teach her to read when she was six? She couldn’t spell dog at the age of seven? Really smart kids learn to read very fast. If mom painted watercolors, genius six year old would be reading. Well.<br/><br/>I was shocked to learn the author is a naturalist. I would think that background would make her very unlikely to make these kinds of errors. A more significant flaw is the plausibility of Kya's circumstances as a child and adult. Also, Tate's years long disappearance - what the hell?<br/><br/>I enjoyed the book, and would not discourage anyone from reading it if they were bored and looking for light entertainment, but I think it's overrated. Way, way overrated. Seeing some of the accolades this book has been given makes me think the whole publishing / literary review industry is crooked. This is NOT a “good” book. Period.
 I know!  Oh boy there are a lot of readers who will COMPLETELY disagree with this rating.  Many of my friends loved this book.  Let's begin with what I liked about this novel - the main character's connection to nature and the scientific facts presented throughout the story.<br/><br/>Now for the novel's downfalls...<br/><br/>SPOILER ALERT!<br/><br/>This story is just too improbable.  From Kya raising herself beginning at a very young age, to EVERYONE leaving her, to her killing someone it was all too much for me.  Kya never got sick or badly injured, needed a doctor, dentist?  This strong character goes to school for one day and is bullied away?  She had a wonderful relationship with her brother Jody, who then leaves her and never contacts her again for years.  He left her to live in a dilapidated shack ,with an abusive, irresponsible, neglectful  father.  That is not something this character would have done.  Next, Tate befriends her and presumably loves her.  He knows everyone has left her and he does also.  How could you do that to someone you love?  Neither character has a reasonable excuse for not contacting her in any way for years.<br/><br/>Overall, the author used too much drama to develop the character she was trying to create.  Owens needs to show that she believes in the intelligence of her readers and not author-splain constantly.  Yikes!  I did not like this one.
 I would like to have rated this with a "zero" star.  I am obviously missing something based on all the five star ratings, but I have read far-fetched fairy tales that were more believable than this book.  I am a native North Carolinian and where this author got some of her ideas is beyond me.  I wonder what she was smoking or drinking while writing this.  I am disgusted with myself for wasting money on this crazy book.  I am forcing myself to finish it because it is the selection for my book club next month.  I can't wait to hear the opinions.
 My impulse is to temper this review because “Where The Crawdads Sing” is a first novel by a wildlife scientist who has had some success wirting about her career. But this fiction effort suffers from a weak plot, flat characters and an all but universal lack of emotional resonance. I was led to believe by early reviews that the book is centered on a sort of wild child growing up alone in coastal North Carolina, where I have lived for many years. I sense that there might have been a decent story in all this, but the book’s overriding dullness is too suffocating for anything decent to escape the swampy pull of its prosaic prose.
 By the time I finished this book, I felt both intellectually insulted and duped.  This story was so ridiculously far fetched, it was just silly.  I'm amazed at the positive reviews.  What a waste of time and Amazon dollars.
 It was nearly impossible for me to suspend reality enough to enjoy this book.  Aside from the obvious perils of a 6-year-old raising herself in the wild, there was little in the way of character development--which is actually the only thing that made the ending even remotely plausible  The choice of Ashville as a destination city is bizarre...since it's a good six hours from the coast.  Wilmington,  Lumberton or New Bern would make more sense.  I know I'm in the minority on this which is why I assume I've just been around too long to buy into this kind of fantasy.
 I agree with others who deemed this novel a one star. It certainly begins promising but the soap-opera plot that gains ridiculous momentum was exasperating.  The naturalistic exposition was great but the characters were not believable. In fact, they were a circus act. I am irritated by authors who monetarily benefit from a good beginning, and then turn on you midway through and leave you feeling stupid for having purchased the novel. I won't be fooled again by this author.
 I absolutely loved this book! I used the whisper sync so I could read and listen as I was driving... then wasn’t a time when the book wasn't interesting.  Actually I purposely drove a longer route on my trip so I could continue to listen. the characters in the book you either loved or hated.  My heart broke for Kya; especially since we were the same age and I couldn’t possibly understand how she survived in this horror of her childhood.  She is a survivor and what she loved and accomplished was amazing.  This book was amazing a must read!
 Where do I begin? This was an easy book to read, I finished it in a day. I have a hard time understanding how this can be a 87% 5-star rated book. The story is of a elementary school aged girl raising herself is next-level Hollywood, very Blue Lagoon. How did she get two guys so interested in her? What was the state of her hair, skin, nails, TEETH, HYGIENE, surviving on grits and mussels with no access to healthcare or basic necessities? I can see how someone could be self-taught but to be a certified genius who wrote award-winning scientific books? Oh man I really had to throw out all rational thinking to continue reading. Then the ending, how is this ending possible when for the last 350 pages we have been told how shy, how gentle, how innocent Kya is? Even in her interactions with Chase, in even her pursuit of his companionship, her personality seems to change from that she exhibits with others.<br/>Delia Owens writing of the environment of the marsh and it’s many creates really paints a picture, it is the real beauty of the book. The prejudice that Kya and Jumpin’ faced was realistic. Tate was a realistic character. If only Kya was more realistic, this book would have lived up to its 87% 5-star rating.
 I have no idea what book these other people read, the one I received was a slog to get through, poorly structured and derivative: a veritable Frankenstein's Monster, patched together from best sellers of the last few years. The first third is essentially a modern Clan of the Cave Bear: plucky little girl implausibly survives in the wilderness all on her lonesome-- and ends up a little shy but otherwise suffers no ill effects from having no contact with other people for weeks at a time. The middle section is pure Charlotte Simmons-- impossibly brilliant, impossibly beautiful and angelic teen trusts the wrong men-- and the final is a third rate murder mystery with a surprise ending borrowed from... well, I'd best not say: it is the only thing that (almost) redeems an otherwise forgettable novel. But it main mystery solves is  why the reader has been subjected to SO MUCH bad poetry.
 The charm of a fantasy becomes anxiety-provoking and fodder for our unspoken desire for justice.  A child abandoned  by her family in the marshland of North Carolina.  Unable to read and without adults to establish a moral bearing, she creates her own spiritual beliefs and conforms her actions accordingly.  She creates a natural world on the bubble beyond normal human society.  Some seem able to enter the bubble; but, n the end, her morality dominates the tale, just as nature dominates te world of human existence, whether we like it or not.
 It is only once in a blue moon that a novel captures me as this one did.  For me to write a review is also a rarity.  From the first paragraph to the last I was completely immersed in the plot, characters, and motifs.  The author's lyric voice sings clearly in the words of Kya, the main character.  Both heart and gut wrenching, I am profoundly affected by this novel and was pleased that the author gave us the complete story.  For most novels, I do find that I read a book, finish it, and then a few days later have difficulty remembering what the book was about.  I know that this novel will always be with me in mind and spirit.  I have and will heartily recommend this novel to my friends, family, and anyone else who loves to read.  I would say that if you read no other book this year, read Where the Crawdads Sing.
 The beginning of the story, in which the child is abandoned by her family, is a gripping read. They live in the swamp, and the place is given life by the author's knowledge of the plants, animals, mud and water there. As the girl becomes a woman, her isolation makes her vulnerable to men, who also abandon her. Their characters are not as well developed, not as three dimensional. The last part of the story happens within the criminal justice system, and here the author is not honest with the reader about the incident in question. The law enforcement characters are also flat, and incompetent.
 When I saw the reviews for this book, I ordered it and couldn’t wait to read it. What a disappointment. Dull, trite, low interest and shallow characters. After the first half of the novel I went back online to be sure I ordered the right book! Are people getting paid to post all these 5 star reviews? It’s rare for a book to receive such overwhelmingly high reviews.
 Hmm. Marsh is salt. Swamp is fresh. You caint git one from the other. Otherwise reads like apparent fantasy of a writing seminar com laude.
 Being from NC, this book had me very confused. Geographically, I cannot think of a place in NC that exists like her fictional Marsh. Yes, marshes like this exist, but not next to the coast. And if the lead character, Kya, loves nature so much and documents every little detail about every little species... then where are the turtles, snakes (including poisonous ones), and alligators? The contrived accents she gave her characters were inconsistent, and every now and then completely abandoned. Although I must say, that her dialogue was better when she was at least trying to give them an accent. The rest of the time the dialogue was often rather trite and like a middle-schooler trying to write it. And why would Kya's parents, coming from wealthy families, all of sudden speak like rural swamp dwellers upon arrival? It makes no sense. And NO ONE, from coastal NC has EVER gone to Asheville, NC for supplies, or bureaucratic paperwork. Especially not in the 1950's and 60's. I wish the author had gotten the details right, it would have let me try to enjoy the story a little more. Instead, all of it just came across as completely unbelievable.
 It's just one of those kinds of books you read in one afternoon when it's pouring rain outside and you don't want to go and get wet, you stay inside in front of the heater and just read.  Doesn't raise any moral or thought provoking thoughts, it's just one of those stories that will dissipate rather fast from memory, like too may other books these days.
 I bought this so that I could participate in my mother's book club when I visited her last week. It gave us more to talk about, and I was able to participate in the group discussion.  From the start, it grabs you. The author's beautiful descriptions of the marsh and its plants, birds and animals, is spectacular. The story is excellent, as well. From what I learned in the group, the author started with the ending and worked backwards, going back and forth from the "present" in 1970 to the past, going back to the early '50's.  It is a post-Depression story that we who didn't live in those times, don't hear. It is in part what happened to people who were displaced by the loss of income and home, those who had PTSD before it was a known syndrome in those who served in the military, and the separation of those who maintained their status vs those who didn't. Ostensibly it is the story of a child who learns to fend for herself, a murder, and the parts others played in the drama. But it is more. Leading into the ending, for me and for my mother, was a tad rough, but hearing others talk about it, it was not so for them.  Highly recommended, whether for a book club or just for an escape to another time.
 Ugh. Depressing. Couldn't even read a few chapters. Yuck
 I loved this poignant story, and the author's eloquent and poetic writing enticed me to re-read many sentences several times just to savor the images they inspired. This would be a five-star read if the characters were more complex and less predictable. Also, the author's attempt to capture the North Carolinian dialect was inconsistent and awkward; and, finally, the ending felt rushed. Despite any perceived short comings, I still would recommend this as a book-club selection.
 to drawn out.  to much scenery description of same.  last couple chapters were good
 I began reading the book several times and couldn’t get beyond the first chapter. Based on thousands of glowing reviews, I finally plunged ahead to the end. The story of Kya, the Marsh Girl, is an unrealistic coming-of-age tale that takes place in North Carolina marshland.<br/><br/>I wanted to like this book; I tried to like this book. The story, despite its unique setting, is trite. Strip away the nature lessons and the amateur poetry (which I found distracting), and there is little but Kya and her travails. I have no issue with flights-of-fancy, but Kya’s story is realistic, bordering on the absurd. Try as I might, I cannot envision any five-year-old child cooking, cleaning, shopping, boating while having one-on-one conversations with every marsh denizen she encounters.<br/><br/>I appreciated the prose until I didn’t. Speed reading became my friend as I struggled to reach the end. The dialogue annoyed me; where did those cornpone accents come from?<br/><br/>Perhaps I’m too much of a realist. I wonder when the film version of this book will be announced. Maybe it will translate better to the big screen. I still wonder what I’m missing.
 Overall: an enthralling and highly descriptive story centered around a murder mystery with elements from science, romance, nature, and adventure. 4.5/5 or 8/9<br/>Note: would have been 9/9 and best book of the year up until the final chapter.  Some spoilers under “the bad.”<br/><br/>The good: The writing of this novel is phenomenal. There are rich descriptions throughout that transport you to the scene and make you feel like you are actually there. There is tremendous character development throughout the entire story and focused primarily on Kia and Tate but on many of the other characters as well. The plot is fast paced and keeps you interested and engaged (or completely obsessed as I was) from beginning to end. Theme wise, this book has it all; mystery, romance, adventure, plot twists, and a lot about science and nature. This really would have been my favorite book of the year up until the final chapter.<br/><br/>The bad (spoilers ahead): I hated the ending. I had heard there were major twists and turns which are all a positive, but then the ending almost ruined it for me. The major reasons: 1. It was abrupt. It felt like it needed either an epilogue or some more time at the end because the way I read it came across as extremely rushed. 2. The author added in way too many sad events (no children, two deaths, and then Kias early death) on top of the “big reveal” that it made it feel over the top, not believable, and once again, rushed. 3. “The big reveal” yes, I had suspected this character initially but after reading the whole novel i really was incredulous. My theory was it was going to be Kia and Tate together, or else Jumper, or even Chase’s wife. It really didn’t matter too much who it was but it was the process of how we got there which was one of the highlights of the book. The way the ending was felt out of place, did not make sense to me, and I felt so let down after having finished the last page. Despite that, still an amazing book that I would recommend highly.<br/><br/>“I wadn't aware that words could hold so much. I didn't know a sentence could be so full.”<br/><br/>“What d'ya mean, where the crawdads sing? Ma used to say that." Kya remembered Ma always encouraging her to explore the marsh: "Go as far as you can --- way out yonder where the crawdads sing."<br/>Tate said, "Just means far in the bush where critters are wild, still behaving like critters.”<br/><br/>“There are some who can live without wild things and some who cannot.”
 Everything was distant, unbelievable and yet, not surprising. It was so hard to find sympathy for the character(s) because they seemed to be too unreal. I can’t say I thoroughly enjoyed reading this one. I’m laying off fiction for a while after this.
 This book is not worth your time.  I read it on an airplane not having other options.  The story is far fetched, and the plot is obvious.  Is it really possible for a girl to dwell in dangerous swamplands and be educated by a teen lover enough to become an author?  The mystery in this book is no mystery at all.  You know what's coming!  I'd say this is truly a mediocre book with a mediocre plot. There are so many better books out there!  One more thing, the book was poorly edited and full of sentence fragments.  If this type of thing is annoying to you, this book will make your head spin.
 Read to 16 and stop. This book just finds a cliff and jumps here. Goes from a greatly readable and well written, engrossing if unlikely story, to complete nonsense. It’s unlikely a 10 year old girl would survive this well, but it’s impossible to learn to read in an evening, as Kya seems to. Impossible that fellow swamp residents speak like Oxford Dons. I am so disappointed and once again wondering how it got its stars.
 First I want to say it has been 24 hours since I finished this book and I miss reading it. I feel like I have now digested the story and can possibly put into words how it made me feel. Kya (aka Marsh Girl) has learned about life and coming of age in a little shack on the marsh. I admire her strength and her capability to make the most of really ugly situations. Her love of all things nature and her ability to learn by observation make her so intelligent and beautiful. I loved her relationship with Jumpin' and his wife Mabel. They had so much respect and love for one another it warmed my heart.<br/><br/>Kya endures life changing, heart breaking situations that form her. I really felt sorry for her at times, but happy and excited for her too. This book has so many aspects, love, loss, friendship. There is a mystery wrapped up in this story that really had me guessing what happened. I couldn't predict any turn of the book and I definitely had a few surprises. I ended the book with tears in my eyes and a smile on my face. These are the kinds of books I love to read. Don't hesitate to pick up this book and read it, you won't be disappointed. It is among my favorites ever read!
 Slow down your breath. Find that place in your chest that flutters soft and patient, like anticipating a kiss. This book is delightful. It starts slow, waiting for the reader to match its tempo. Then grips you in the ebb and flow of human and nature. Ms Owens ability to define longing and loneliness makes me want to capture her words in heart murmurs. So crisp is her understanding of human need. In a normal book, the conclusive wrap up at the end would bore me with its tidiness. This is no normal book; I never wanted it to end. Thank you for your gift to literary excellence.
 This book has so many glowing reviews, I hate to be such a party pooper, but....I really didn’t like it. The feral child story arc didn’t seem to mesh with the teen/adult psyche of Kya. Her observations and philosophical conclusions were far too sophisticated for someone so culturally and socially deprived. I couldn’t summon up enough benefit of the doubt to invest in her ”survival” triumph.<br/>The romance aspect of the story felt YA to me with wooden dialogue and bodice ripper intensity and I felt like there may be other directions this character could have been led toward that were more creative and interesting than hooking her up with either a decent or devil boyfriend.<br/>I was also very disappointed by the mystery storyline that wound through the entire book like a tease, and then landed on its head in the end.<br/>I could list more issues that were bothersome to me, but I’d be entering spoiler territory and again, I know that many people have and will enjoy this book. Having spent the time to read it, I wish I felt the same way.
 This terrific book checked all the boxes of "favorite reads" for me: wonderful writing, vivid well-drawn characters, a fast-paced story, and the satisfaction seeing the protagonists experience love, hope, and redemption.<br/><br/>Born in an isolated cabin in the coastal marshes of North Carolina near the town of Barkley Cove, Kya is dubbed by the locals as the "Marsh Girl." The author's lyrical and rich descriptions of the marsh are a writer's dream and carry the reader right into the story's world:<br/><br/>"...slow-moving creeks wander, carrying the orb of the sun with them to the sea, and long-legged birds lift with unexpected grace—as though not built to fly—against the roar of a thousand snow geese."<br/><br/>Six-year-old Kya escapes into the natural world outside her cabin to get away from her father's abusive rages: PTSD fueled by alcohol. Her mother flees, seemingly abandoning Kaya and her four older siblings. One by one, the siblings leave too, and while Kya's father works hard to be a better father, his demons are too strong. Abandonment is a recurring theme in this book.<br/><br/>The story alternates between the time of Kya's mother's departure in 1952 and the year 1969, when the body of Chase Andrews is discovered at the base of an old fire tower in the swamp near Barklay Cove. As the book progresses, the reader discovers how these two lives—Kya's and Chase's—instersect. When Kya is befriended and taught to read by Tate, she is able to combine her love of words with her meticulous study of swamp wildlife to become a true authority on the area's flora and fauna, albeit without formal education. She and Tate become fierce protectors of their beloved ecosystem and then become lovers...seemingly too different to stay together yet drawn inexorably by their shared passions and values.<br/><br/>Besides the author's remarkable descriptive skill, she shows a depth of knowledge about the spectrum of human emotion in her characters' behavior and dialogue. It all rings true.<br/><br/>"But loneliness has a compass of its own..."<br/><br/>"Biology sees right and wrong as the same color in a different light."<br/><br/>In expressing the impact of reading poetry for the first time, Kya says to Tate (in her swamp dialect) "I wadn't aware that words could hold so much. I didn't know a sentence could be so full"<br/><br/>My own heart was full when I finished this book.
 Don’t waste your money. Boring and oh so predictable!
 I did love this book, the details in the descriptions made me feel like I was there. (Minor spoilers ahead) Now maybe it's because I work in the medical field, but I have a very hard time believing that a 7 year old with no money would be able to survive this type of environment with just a shack with no running water, no way to bathe, and lack of food. The author described plenty of beautiful things in these wetlands, but failed to mention the dangers. (Crocodiles, mosquitos, sink holes, hurricanes, etc.) At one point the author describes when her brother was hit in the face with a fire place poker (a gash that left a massive scar) and said her mother just sewed it up with her sewing needle. Without access to health care and antibiotics, that kid would have died from a massive infection! But plausibility issues aside it was still a great book with an interesting twist at the end!
 I liked this book and probably would have given it 5 stars for its examination of the themes of loneliness and abandonment, et cetera.  BUT, having spent my life on the coastal plains of Virginia and both Carolinas in the past 68 years, I became increasingly bothered by the author's  nearly total ignorance of her setting and that led me to wonder if the details of the marine life were also manipulated.  Simply put, the book is embellished with all sorts of environmental details which are just wrong.  Has the author ever visited the coast of North Carolina or even looked at a map???<br/>The first big error, repeated several times was geographic.  Asheville is a good 6 hour drive from anywhere on the coast of North Carolina.  Not even middle class locals would have traveled there to go to Sears or conduct any other business way out in the mountains.  The Low Country is in the southern half of South Carolina. Palmettos and Spanish moss may be found now and then in North Carolina but the landscape she described was pretty heavy on South Carolina  flora.  Then toward the end of the book, she described Kya's black friends not being allowed to wait with her white supporters in the courthouse or eat lunch with them in the restaurant.  The chapter heading was 1970.  Hello?  Civil Rights passed in 1964. No place that I know of in the rural South would have been able to get away with that!  These errors became such glaring distractions that it really hurt the book.  Isn't one of the first rules of writing that you should write what you know? Toward the end I decided that the writer had a story to tell and she wanted to set it in the small town South so she could play up the prejudice theme so badly that she didn't even visit the area to get her details straight.  Prejudice is and has been everywhere.  You don't need to manipulate your setting to make sure we get your point.  For someone writing a book about prejudice, I'd say her prejudice is showing.
 This book is difficult to coin as a mystery, a love story, a book of nature or of the human condition. It is all of those things and more. Set in the lowlands/marsh of South Carolina in a remote cabin and the surrounding marshland, it takes you there the instant you start reading it to tell the story of a young girl abandoned and alone for most of her life and her struggle to survive her harsh environment. She grows up one with nature, taking the time become an expert in the all things natural that surround her. Sea shells, marsh grasses, birds, mushrooms and insects that are thick in the area and well detailed in the book. Her shyness and seclusion making her refrain and even hide from the townspeople she learns to survive with help from only a couple of others who sought to help her when they could. Shunned by the townspeople who had little understanding of her or her ways and abandoned time and again by those who she let into her quiet and lonely existence.<br/>The words flow from this author to sing to every soul who takes the time to read them. It combines coming of age, love, murder, kindness and selfishness into a truly great story anyone and everyone can relate to. having to read through tears streaming from my eyes the last third of the book, the bittersweet ending was worth every tear I shed to get there.<br/>I can not express how expertly this book was written and how well the story was told. It was full of details that made a difference. You won't want to miss one word of this beautiful book.
 This was an unbelievable and crazy story. Really silly story.  I'm no writer but this is not good.  I did finish it only because that is a personal fault I have.  It come on reese Witherspoon.  I'm sick of stars giving rave reviews for things they must know are not good.  Anyway nothing to miss here with this one
 First, I notice a limited understanding of North Carolina geography..  There is no way someone living on the coast would go to Asheville for shopping.  That town is in the mountains.  There are much closer shopping destinations - e.g., Wilmington, Greenville, Raleigh, Durham, etc.<br/>Second, character development was weak. I cannot believe that none of the siblings would  be concerned about a very small child for that many years.  It's clear why they left but unimaginable that someone wouldn't have come back sooner.  And what about the town of Barkley Cove?  She may have been 'swamp trash' but she was white and that counted for something in those days.  'Saint' Tate was a puzzle, too.  As loving as he had been her whole life, why would he dump her when he went to Chapel Hill?!
 ...you feel a bit cheated on page 156 where she loses control over the character of a primary character.  From that point on what should be suspenseful and in doubt is not; what should feel like a reward does not pay off; and, the ending, which should have surprised simply reinforces.  This may sound harsh but there is much to love in the book--an interesting location and the beginnings of two worthy characters.  I found myself wishing that Delia Owens might have a second chance at the book.  I wish the oppressive third person narrative did not feel like a high school biology lesson at times...and, something tells me that she took bad advice to make a lovely poetic book marketable and consequently we lost Tate's character to a flimsy plot development and Kya's final courage to a trial that would never have taken place based on anything resembling evidence.  I
 This was not what I had expected with such high reviews. It seemed to be a coming of age book in nature with teen sex scenes and long descriptions of the marsh and wildlife. I found this a bit boring and skimmed over a lot of it to get to the court case and finish the book. It was very predictable.
 I read this entire book only to verify whether I had correctly predicted “who dun nit.” (I had not.). SPOILER:  The concept of a girl living in the wild her entire life, never attending school, growing up to become a published author/artist was too far-fetched for my liking.
 How in the world did this book get a 5 star rating??  It is badly in need of a good editor.  It goes on . . . and on . . . and on, filled with a lot of superflous information that really doesn't contribute much to the story.  It is simply not believable.  I stayed with it until the end . . . and wished I hadn't.  So many people comment on this being an uplifting book.  I did not find it that way.  To me, it was very dark.  Sad to think that basically an entire community (save a few individuals) would turn its back on a young child abandoned and  left completely alone to fend for herself.  I believe that as a people, we are better than that and have compassion for others.  I've seen it operate many, many times in my life and career.  There are people in this world who still reach out to others in love . . . and had the author taken that approach, it could have been SUCH a powerful and beautiful story!!
 This is a book that will be declared a classic.  It is beautiful. Everything about it is beautiful.  The words are a melody and the story is unique and tender.  Kya is an abandoned child.  Her Mom walks away from her abusive husband and her children when Kya is 7 years old.  Kya is the baby in this family.  Her 4 older siblings soon escape and finally there is only 7 year old Kya left with this cruel man.  Home is a shack in a swamp and the living conditions are primitive.  Unbelievably, this young child is completely abandoned by even her dad.  Her survival IS the story.  She has only the wild life, birds and nature,  These becomes her family and she is forever bonded in love of this life.  She actually raises herself and interacts with only a few people.  She becomes know as The Child of the Marsh and later as The Marsh Woman.  She has the instincts of her animal friends and is able to hide from people who come looking for her.  She has no schooling and cannot read or write until a young boy teaches her to read when she is in her teens.  Her learning leads her to a young innocent love.  Soon this boy leaves her and she can no longer trust anybody, she has been abandoned by everybody.<br/>She thinks of herself as unloveable.  There is much more to this story but I will not spoil it.  Keep reading, its great.
 Blah book, wouldn't recommend. Thought it would be better since it was a Reese Book Club pick. Very boring.
 This was a 2-1/2 star book for me.  The first part of the book, about Kya's life in the marsh, was very interesting.  The part relating to the trial was wooden --- something out of a bad tv legal show.  I expected more out of this book.  I think the author was very good at setting the scene, but she didn't know what to do with her characters.  As a result, the plot was predictable. The quoted poetry was trite.
 It’s been a while since I’ve read a book that I couldn’t put down. This one grabbed me first with the characters then reeled me in with the mystery.<br/><br/>A young girl abandoned to survive alone in the marshes of North Carolina.  A town prejudiced against “her kind”. A boy who reaches out to her and creates In her a love of learning and sharing what nature has taught her already.<br/><br/>Perhaps a murder of a popular young man - who did it if it was done at all?<br/><br/>This is a story of survival, nature, love, family in unconventional forms, friendship, abandonment, prejudice, loneliness, and redemption.  I can’t say much more without spoilers...so just read it!
 The opening promised a well written novel with a unique concept- -a promise broken in many ways: part chick lit, part mystery with an obvious solution, part Perry Mason courtroom melodrama with cardboard chsracters (throughout). Even the promising concept became laughable with gigantic pot holes in language, environment, and situations. I became angry with myself for reading the whole book, but there were so many good reviews, I thought there must be something to save it at the end. There wasn't.
 What was a wonderful book for the first 75%, in the end turned out to be cliche and totally predictable. I really liked the nature aspect and how the plot was quite different from a lot of the books I’ve read lately. I did not like the interjection of the poetry at all. It was disconcerting, and I ended up skipping it. Can’t say much more because of spoilers.
 After reading Cry of the Kalahari years ago, I was intrigued to find that Delia Owens had written a novel. As a boy raised by a single parent, growing up in the southeast in a time before cellphones and video games, I roamed the neighborhood and undeveloped woods around my house much like Kya. Exploring bird nests, catching snakes, and fishing in the creeks, I thrived in childhood because of these wonders. This book touched those places that kept me sane.<br/><br/>Kya's story of being a part of her natural environment and Owens' description of the marsh transports the reader back to a simpler time before we forgot the small towns with people relying on each other for simple kindnesses. Her illustration of the line that separates “civilization “ from our beginnings as part of a natural order is poetic and important, especially in these days of destruction of our environment and mental anguish as a world that has become lost in greed and concrete.
 "Where the Crawdads Sing" by Delia Owens is set in the mid-20th century. It is about a murder but also about a girl nicknamed Kya, also nicknamed the Marsh Girl.<br/><br/>She comes by the Marsh Girl nickname due to the circumstances of her life in that she's lived outside of the town and in the marsh areas. Her father was drunk and all around terrible person. He drives off of everyone except for Kya who has nowhere else to go. She makes her life solitary life in the marsh but there are moments that begin to draw her out while her beauty draws a few notable people in. Including a handsome  young man who ends up dead and she ends up the main suspect.<br/><br/>It can get a bit slow here and there, but overall, it is a book that draws you in and keeps you there until the last page is turned. It is very atmospheric and oddly nostalgic. At the same time, Kya and the people in her world seem familiar. I can see this story being made into a movie easily as it has a certain cinematic quality to it.
 I was attracted to this book, because I was interested in knowing about the locale of the book, which was the unsettled North Carolina coast. I got my money's worth. The descriptions of the area habitat and wildlife were obviously made by someone who had spent much time there, and expressed it well, in great detail.<br/><br/>In my (admittedly male) view the story line was a slightly unlikely, gushing romance geared to the dreamy, female reader. (Sorry)From the first third of the book, there was no doubt how the story would end: girl meets boy. Girl loses boy. Girl gets boy. However, there was some interesting plot detail involved in the ending, too. It was well done.<br/><br/>But having said all that, I confess that I did look forward to reading on toward the end. It is a job well done, and I would read another book by this author.
 I chose this book because it was on the best seller list and all the positive reviews. Well, they are wrong. The book is a bore. There are pages and pages of description of the marsh and the birds. If that's what you like, then you will like this. I don't. The story is secondhand to all the descriptions of the girl driving her boat in the marsh. As others have said, it is a ridiculous story. If you want to believe that a six year old raises herself in the marsh, learns to read,  writes scholarly novels, stands trial for murder and then lives happily ever after, then this is for you; no one else.
 This lovely little family drama / contemporary fiction is definitely worth reading.<br/><br/>&lt;b&gt;SUMMARY&lt;/b&gt;<br/>The story opens with the discovery of the body of a very well known, beloved man. At first glance it appears as though former high school football star, Chase Andrews fell from the top of the fire tower deep in the forested marsh. Upon further inspection, his death begins to look more and more like murder than an accident.<br/><br/>Kya is the youngest of five kids in a family living in a shack on the North Carolina coastal marsh. Sadly, begins life with the cards already stacked against her; father is an abusive alcoholic and her family is extremely economically challenged. When it seems things are already about as bad as they could get, one day her mother walked down the driveway, out the gate and kept going. Kya was only six years old at the time.<br/><br/>One by one, the rest of Kya's siblings left until it was just her and her father. With little to no parental help, love or guidance, Kya is left to maneuver the marsh and life in general alone. Kya spends a lot of time alone as she forges her way through life, trying to make sense of her world and to create a life for herself. Kya rarely goes into town, does not attend school, rarely wears shoes and becomes dubbed &lt;i&gt;Marsh Girl&lt;/i&gt;, both a curiosity for the town and an outcast.<br/><br/>Once a connection between Kya and Chase is established, who else besides town outcast, the &lt;i&gt;Marsh Girl&lt;/i&gt;, would be the main suspect?<br/><br/>&lt;b&gt;WHAT I LOVED&lt;/b&gt;<br/>On the surface, &lt;i&gt;Where the Crawdads Sing&lt;/i&gt; is a completely fascinating story of survival, which would be enough in itself, but it's so much more than that. Set mostly in the 1960's in a very small North Carolina town, this story, quietly has a lot to say about exclusion, discrimination and unfair assumptions based on preconceptions. It is about loneliness and the need for human interaction. In a large part, about forgiveness and love. All this without leaving the reader feeling like they have just been given a "life lesson" or being preached to.<br/><br/>As an added bonus, the reader is treated to a glimpse into the wild life and ecological make up of an unblemished marsh.<br/><br/>The final couple of revelations, in the very last chapters of the book were awesome. One of them made me like Kya much more.<br/><br/>The most impressive aspect of this story is that this is author, Delia Owens, first novel.<br/><br/>The cover is absolutely  beautiful! I feel like it captures the feel of the book perfectly.<br/><br/>&lt;b&gt;WHAT I DIDN'T LOVE&lt;/b&gt;<br/>This book was written in a style so lovely that it was almost poetic. The descriptions of the marsh, wild life, ocean and even the shells were vivid and beautiful. Most people would truly savour and &lt;i&gt;LOVE&lt;/i&gt; those parts of this book. I know this says a lot about me, but I don't love it! I ended up skimming and skipping most of it. I kept wanting to get to the meat of the story.<br/><br/>Partly due to the descriptions and partly due to the continued talk about Kya's loneliness, the first half of the book moves at a snails pace. That tends to drive me nuts. It felt like I spent the first 2/3 of the book waiting for the story to begin.<br/><br/>Kya, the main character, seemed almost too good/ nice to be true. She should have been a little more three dimensional. Maybe part of that was the narrator's voice on the Audible version; she kind of made Kya sound breathless, bewildered and made of sugar. The majority of the book was sad and depressing. It started to weigh down on me after a while.<br/><br/>&lt;b&gt;OVERALL&lt;/b&gt;<br/>Although I didn't overwhelming love it like most readers, I cannot deny the fact that it's a unique and well told story. I am sure if will end up on many "top books of the year" lists.
 I was interested in reading this because I really like books that take me to different cultures and places. It seemed like this book was going to be a journey through parts of the deep south and what the world looks like from the perspective of a child who's poor and underprivileged. It turned out to be a very hokey romance novel which takes place in a great setting.
 First of all this is the best writer I have read in a very long time. Thoughts and events are communicated clearly and in each event the writer paints a clear picture in your head. I have not read any pure fiction for awhile, so I had to get rid of my prejudges about the somewhat overdrawn characters. But once I adjusted, I could appreciate a story with continuously shifting story lines, all held together by the central character. First I thought this was a book about a severely dysfunctional family, then add in an extremely accurate and poetic portrait about the ecology of the North Carolina coastal marsh (a reference to Aldo Leopold hooked me in), then we find out the main story line is a murder mystery. How can you beat a well written story, with depth in each story line, continuously shifting themes, and  finally an ending that is predictable but surprising never -the- less. And, I love the title.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is the most beautiful and highly interesting book I've read in a long time.  I would call it literary fiction about life in the marshes and swamps off the North Carolina coast, not far from the Outer Banks.  While I've been to those specific places, I had no knowledge of people who live on the outskirts who are shunned and discriminated against by most of their neighbors in the more heavily-populated towns.  The story revolves around a six year old girl, a marsh-dweller, who is abandoned by her family, actually through no fault of their own.  The fact is one of the harshness and financial poverty of being a marsh dweller.  How attuned to every aspect of the marsh the little girl is gives one pause for wonder.  How she knows how to survive, dependent on the marsh and all its treasures for food, ways of earning pennies to survive, is more than amazing.  She's obviously a bright child who remembers what she learned from her mother and a special brother.  As she grows up struggling, other characters emerge from the fringes of the marsh and small towns whom she learns, gradually, to trust.  There's mystery here which is solved in a startling conclusion.  There's love and heartbreak and false accusations and, eventually, truth.  The descriptive writing about the marsh denizens--the wildlife and fish and animals--is as beautiful as poetry in its lyrical style.  And, oh, the detailed information about every aspect of the marsh!  I never wanted the book to end.
 I read the 2-star reviews and got what I wanted: views from readers who know the North Carolina coast and probably the people who live there. Some insisted that the dialect was incorrect and also some distances to towns. I am across the pond in South Africa, not knowing that coast ... yet enjoyed the story so much that I have to give it 5 stars. The sad little figure of a girl, Kya, left to fend for herself, and the beauty of the marshlands is so descriptive that I literally found myself in that mysterious place. The author has a great and flowing writing style. Not knowing the North Carolina coast, of course, I assumed that the author knew exactly what she was talking about. Maybe not, according to her critics. In any case, I enjoyed the book very much -- until the very end. The 5 stars are for the excellent writing, which drew me in and held me. About mistakes about places and small facts (according to some reviews) I cannot comment on. Just one criticism:  the conclusion. Okay, SPOILER ALERT: if you are contemplating buying this book, stop reading here! I do not understand how, in the trial, Kya was never called upon to answer questions, I do not understand how she could have disguised herself, made that rather incredible trip  (read it for yourself), and how this timid girl could have pulled off what she did. How? How did she convince Chase to meet her ... ?  Did I miss a vital clue as to how she did it? So for me the end was not really credible ... but then, if not, what did happen to Chase?
 This is quite frankly, the best novel<br/>I have ever read. The protagonist is a fascinating, mysterious girl, Kya, who is abandoned by her family, to grow up alone in the coastal North Carolina marshes. Kya turns to her natural surroundings to eke out a living, yet develops a fascination with the birds, the moss-draped oaks, the fresh water lagoons and the nearby saltwater ocean, the seashells, the winds, the grasses and wildflowers. At no risk of hyperbole, the author paints word-pictures which are vivid and memorable.<br/>The author’s description of the mannerisms, speech, and dress of the small town and rural folk, black and white, poor and less poor, is so accurate and honest, it almost hurts. And I feel comfortable making such a comment since I am a product of a small, Southern town. In fact, the author Delia Owens and I grew up in the very same South Georgia hometown.<br/>The lyrical descriptions of Kya’s close relationship with her natural surroundings and her more distant, even tortured relationship with others, would be enough to recommend this book. But I was caught off-guard by the exciting, even heart-pounding murder mystery, that intrudes and pulls Kya into it. And then the jolting, surprise ending—masterful!<br/>I will read this book more than once.<br/>And that is a rare event in my life.<br/>I look forward to the movie. Just this week came the announcement that Reese Witherspoon has purchased the movie rights to Where the Crawdads Sing. Further testimony to the merits and impact of this incredible story and literary work of art.
 I am almost finished with this book, and love it--EXCEPT it is driving me nutty with the errors. Coastal NC is about 400 miles from Asheville. Why would anyone there want to shop in Asheville, a beautiful mountain city, but--gosh! Going there to buy a tie! The author is from Thomasville, GA, but thinks linen suits are worn by men in the winter? I realize that these are little distractions, but they are so attention getting, to me, anyway, and take my mind away from the story.
 I was amazed by the quality of writing, description, and plotting in the first hundred pages. This is the author's first novel? And her other books are nonfiction about Africa--not the North Carolina swamps? Astonishing. But as the story progressed it became increasingly far-fetched, and its heroine too pretty and perfect. It continued to entertain me and keep me guessing, but it was no longer a fully realistic world, and the "reveal" at the end was highly implausible if not impossible.
 A wonderful tale about a lonely woman who knows about all of the inhabitant of the marsh.  She knows about the animals, the shrubs, the flowers, everything that lives in the marsh.  And then the tale becomes a mystery that is difficult to figure out.<br/>This is one of my all time favorite novels.
 I feel badly for not liking this book, as so many others loved it.  I tried to suspend disbelief (which I have done with other books), but could not.  It was just too unrealistic.  Too romance novel.  Why did the author keep talking about how beautiful she was?  Who cares?  It was totally beside the point and gave it that chick-lit feel.  Her survival skills were apparently magical.  Her boat never breaks.  Turning out as a famous illustrator was so cliche as to make me wince.  I needed more realism to like it
 Unfortunately, the 1-3 star reviews on this book are spot on. The only people I actually cared about were Tate, Jumpin’ and his wife. I couldn’t get over Kya’s continuous pity party and lack of trying to grow and let people in. She was just too negative for me. Also, two major things that seem utterly unbelievable: her being left alone for all those years and then the courtroom debacle (those courtroom scenes made me cringe because it sounded so fake).<br/><br/>Overall, a boring book that only kept me reading because I paid for it and I wanted to know who committed the crime (I don’t want to reveal too much).
 This novel is finely written, and brings us into the world of marsh flora, fauna, and feathers. Through the main character, Kya, we learn how solitude, healthy affection, and education can affect a human. And, to be fair, we must also look at the opposites: social status, especially entitlement,  lust, and ignorance. Kya is a product of a severely broken family with alcoholism and physical violence at its core. It does not surprise me that she finds more solace and peace in the marsh than at any other place. Kya's life is far from simple.<br/>As though her growth in this environment is not enough to keep a reader entertained, the novel includes a mystery: why is there no physical evidence around a body found in the marsh near the fire tower? The townspeople are shocked by the death of this young man, "football hero," and "all-around great athlete." Is his death an accident? Who would want him dead?<br/>  Ms Owens, herself a scientist, understandably imparts a vast amount of information about the marsh. (Personally, I liked that!) But this author also draws characters and plot well. Truly those three elements (setting; characterization, &amp; plot) make for a number one, five star novel.<br/>I highly recommend this book.
 Boring and implausible. The only redeeming quality of this book is the lengthy and vivid descriptions of nature. The plot, if that's a plot, is ridiculous. I endured half of the book before tapping my Kindle to see where this was going. I don't know how these books become bestsellers. I should have stopped after 20 pages and not wasted time on this. Wonder if this Kya ever bathed.
 I picked up this book because of all the 5-star reviews, and haven't felt so "meh" about a book in a long time.  The character development is totally flat other than Kya, and although other negative reviews suggest that a young girl could not possibly live this way on her own, let's put that aside and assume Jumpin' and Mabel helped her more than the book credits.<br/><br/>When Chase died, I wasn't angry, I wasn't happy, I didn't feel like he got his comeuppance, I felt like it was just words on a page.  Don't get me wrong, he did some bad things, but he wasn't developed enough for me to care about him, good or bad.<br/><br/>Amazing books have amazing characters - many have likened this book to Kingsolver's The Poisonwood Bible, and I think that's an insult to Kingsolver.  The father in Bible was complex - both good and bad, wanting to do what was right for his god and his family, while the two needs conflicted.  I felt sorry for him.  I was happy for him.  I hated him.  This book offers none of that.
 This book was different and I enjoyed reading it, except that the ending didn't fit with the rest of the book.  It's like the author had reached a publishing deadline and had to hurry up and get it done.  Not everyone in my book club agrees with me, so you'll have to see for yourself if you think the ending fits the personality and behavior style of the main character.  To me, it just didn't work.
 Beautifully written, and deeply inspiring, this has to be one of the best novels I have ever read.  I found myself deeply lost in the storyline feeling like I was truly there.  As a mother my heart hurt for this abandoned young girl left in the marsh to survive on her own with no help from the towns people.  Being abandoned several times did not stop her from making something of herself.  This book is a little bit of everything, a love story, a murder, a mystery complete with twists and turns.  I am glad I bought this one and know that I will re-read it again someday.  Very well written for a 1st book by this author.  I highly recommend this book.
 The beauty of this book was in the descriptions of the marsh and the depth of loneliness that protagonist Kya experienced at the hands of everyone in her life. Years ago I read a non-fiction book by the author, so while I didn't love this book as much as I expected to based on that previous read, I found many things about it to enjoy. The image of Kya's mother walking away stayed with Kya (and with me) for the rest of the book and epitomized abandonment and loneliness. I love books that trigger an emotional response, which this one did in several scenes. Owens' use of words was particularly riveting. Near the end, she writes: She closed her eyes at such easy acceptance. A deep pause in a lifetime of longing.<br/>What I liked less is you must suspend disbelief to continue reading. I found the story implausible. That a 6-year old girl could survive and thrive without help in the marshlands or in the later trial sequences the prosecution's case was so riddled with holes that the reasonable doubt issue screamed for recognition. Then, by process of character elimination , I figured out who had killed Chase - three-quarters into the story!<br/>Despite these issues, I was engaged throughout and enjoyed the story. It could have been a great book, as the author is highly skilled. Her knowledge of marshlands and her ability to share it with a reader is nonpareil.<br/>Kya made the statement: Our fears are more universal than we think. I'll go with that. Most of us think our fears are unique.
 While the author clearly has a remarkable gift for weaving a tale describing the world of Mother Nature, in my opinion, that's where this novel's tale is limited.  When  it comes to developing the individual characters; and their relationships with other characters, this novel fails overall.  It's hard to believe that any of this story would live in reality.  Kya's relationships/interactions with all other characters was really hard to swallow.  Can't understand how this novel (like to many reviewed on Amazon's site) was so highly praised by so many.
 If you enjoy nature, biology, poetry and a good yarn with a light smattering of mystery, Where the Crawdads Sing might be your thing. (Crawdads are freshwater crayfish.)<br/><br/>The book is American author Delia Owens' first novel. She previously co-authored three or four nonfiction books about her life as a wildlife scientist in Africa, which explains why she writes so authoritatively about the birds, plants and various other goggas of the marshlands of the North Carolina coast in her novel.<br/><br/>Where the Crawdads Sing is about Kya Clark (aka Marsh Girl) who grows up largely alone when her family abandons her and becomes the prime suspect when her former boyfriend is found dead in the marsh. It's more of a coming-of-age story than a thriller. I loved the backdrop, and Kya's fascination and closeness with nature. In places, I envied her solitude, but it's a story of loneliness, longing, survival, resilience and prejudice.
 The is a charming novel, with beautifully rendered descriptions of nature in the swamps and wetlands.  The story of Kya requires you to suspend disbelief because it never quite fleshes out her story of survival when abandoned at age six.  I kept wondering how she survived life on the far margins of society.  This is really the only “catch” in an orherwise delightful novel.  The story of Kya is one of resilience in spite of insurmountable odds.
 The story was inviting and easy to get involved with but there were unaddressed issues.  For instance;  no plumbing until she made money writing, no means of buying clothing as she grew, how did she get clean water?  I assumed that the couple who owned the store helped her a lot, but that was alluded to, not directly addressed.  Overall I enjoyed the book and will read others by this author.
 This book started out all right, but soon became pretty implausible--a child abandoned in the wild, everybody knows, but they do nothing?  The story gets more far-fetched when Marsh Girl is arrested for murder.  Don't even get me started about the courtroom dialogue.  The ending was the most outrageous part; totally without foundation.
 Kya Clark had every reason to believe the world was set against her. Left to fend for herself at the age of ten and forced to raise herself in a small, rundown shack in the marshes of coastal North Carolina, Kya lived life in the shadows. Despite her deep longing to step into the light, past experiences taught her that living on the fringe was safer. Yet, the basic human desire to connect with others had a strong pull, leading her down a path that precariously straddled the line between being seen and remaining invisible.<br/><br/>Where the Crawdads Sing by Delia Owens is, quite simply, a stunning novel. It is an incredible story of loss, loneliness, and the indomitable human spirit. Cast out by the community for her poverty and feared by children for being different, she ensconces herself in nature: the land, the water, and especially, the birds. With her identity so deeply tied to the land and sea, her two most reliable friends, it is impossible to tell where she begins and nature ends.<br/><br/>Yet despite the cruelties fate handed to her, there are some who see her and gift her with kindness. It’s impossible, after all, to survive completely alone, particularly at such a young age. Two young men, in particular, bestow her with the attention she craved all her life. But as with all matters of the heart, things are not quite what they seem, and Kya learns firsthand that for each action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Still, it was the small kindnesses of strangers that brought tears to my eyes, but it was the equally small cruelties that had me holding my breath, hoping for a miraculous change in circumstances.<br/><br/>Where the Crawdads Sing is notable for its unforgettable protagonist who proves that the human spirit can withstand nearly any obstacle, not to mention its lyrical beauty. But what is truly outstanding is how Owens manages to get to the core of humanity: the need to be seen and the need to connect (Sugar Run is another book that does this well).<br/><br/>With all that said, I would be doing the author and the book a disservice if I didn’t also take care to discuss the richness of the setting, which feels both real and imagined in its magic. This is a book that blasts the senses: I could smell the sea, feel the crunch of the leaves under my feet, and hear the vibrations of boats coming into the lagoon. It bears repeating that it’s impossible to see where Kya begins and nature ends, for they are so intertwined that one cannot exist without the other and is evident by the way the author seamlessly blends them together and the story soars as a result.<br/><br/>The result is a stunning novel of utter beauty in every way possible: its damaged and lovable protagonist, its descriptive scenery, and the shocking way the story unfolds. It’s easy to see why this one rocketed to the top of the charts and I am already eagerly awaiting her next book.
 This book goes on my favorites list. Unusual setting, characters, and situations. The youngest child in a larger family is ultimately left to fend for herself in a shack in a marsh area in North Carolina. Her abusive and alcoholic father drives her mother away, suffering a nervous breakdown. The older children leave as soon as they can to escape the father's rages. Kya is left alone after some brief good times with her father teaching her to fish, at age 10.<br/><br/>This beautiful story is about Kya growing up mostly alone, learning on her own and using the things she has learned from her family, such as how to operate the old boat. Living things have a strong survival instinct and Kya manages on a very limited diet for many years.<br/><br/>The author is a wildlife scientist who has written nature books, and the passages about wildlife are lovely and intelligent. A couple of young men come into Kya's life when she's older.<br/><br/>There are volumes of reviews online for this book, a few of which I read after I finished it. The critics seem to believe that factual geography doesn't mesh with the story. This is fiction, so I didn't worry about that. Readers who are extremely critical and think fiction must be correct in their world probably shouldn't read this book. Everyone else will likely enjoy it as much as I did. It's a memorable story and is one of those books that reminds us why we read.<br/><br/>My grandparents lived in a tiny town south of Columbia, NC when I was growing up. Marsh land according to the map. That's a long ways from Greenville, NC but it's possible to get there in less than 2 hours. There is much marsh land nearer to that city and Pamlico Bay goes inland towards it, so for those critical of exact locations, even though this is a work of fiction, perhaps they don't have a clear idea of where this possibly fictional place might be located. The internet doesn't yield a Barkley Cove in North Carolina, of that spelling. And those marsh areas do have non-salt water in some places. Springs, rivers, streams, etc. that flow toward the sea, not the other way. Marsh land abounds in the coastal areas of this state, with barrier islands and peninsulas to the open sea.<br/><br/>Readers, I wouldn't get caught up in what the critics say. Judge for yourself and enjoy this special book.
 I read this on my Kindle, and I kept checking the % to see how much I had left.  When I reached 67% I wanted to slow my reading down because I didn't want this book to end.  However, the story was so lovely and gripping that I couldn't stop.  I finished the last page with a sigh and then thought about the book the rest of the day.  From the first paragraph, I fell in love with this story.  Kya is a wonder and you will be at turns delighted with her, terrified for her, and filled with sorrow for her.  The weaving together of human nature and animal nature and the lessons learned from living in the marsh were a wonder. I cannot recommend this book enough.  It is a book I will read again since now that I know the outcome, I can go back and just read for the beauty of her descriptions.  (I tried doing that but I really really really wanted to know what would happen!)
 There is much to like about this story, including interesting main character, details of the wonders of the marshlands and romance. Harsh realities including child abuse, neglect and abandonment as well as prejudice are sad threads of the main character's experience and ultimately her soul.<br/>This book offers a look into how the tenacity of human nature can enable one to survive and even thrive with a bit of kindness from strangers who become friends in the temperate, coastal marshlands.
 WHERE THE CRAWDADS SING REVIEW<br/><br/>Delia Owens has written an extraordinary story of nature, both human and feral, that explores the coming of age of a Southern wild child.  In “Where the Crawdads Sing,” she tells of an abandoned six-year old girl, Kya Clark, who uses her wiles and inventiveness to survive, as she grows up alone in the remote marshes of the North Carolina coast.  She is known as the “Marsh Girl” who hides in the backwaters with the creatures of the swamp, shunning interlopers and eking out an existence of hardship and hunger.  Her entire young life is a struggle, carefully delineated by an author who is sensitive to the emotions of her protagonist, the natural beauty of her surroundings, and the readers who travel with her through years of a lonely existence.<br/><br/>Two boys interact with Kia.  One is sensitive to her solitary condition, teaches her to read, and kindles the first hints of love she will experience.  He suddenly disappears, along with her family members. turning her into a distrustful earth creature.  The other, the nearby swamp town’s charismatic idol, becomes her second lover, less caring about her personally, who drags the girl into the public eye as a suspect in his death.  He also breaks her heart before he is killed.  The story becomes more predictable at this point, and somewhat implausible, but a unique twist at the end saves the day.<br/><br/>Owens, with a PhD in Animal Behavior, co-wrote three other books, about her experiences in Africa.  Crawdads is her first novel and, while occurring in a far different environment, it contains some amazing nature writing and descriptions of wildlife behavior.  Some have criticized her for leaning towards flowery writing about the natural world but I found it spellbinding.  I was less impressed with some other sections that tended to drag but, overall, it was a great reading experience.<br/><br/>“Where the Crawdads Sing” is a beautiful and wistful title, bringing to mind the plaintive song “Somewhere Out There,” a tearjerker for sure.  Although this story did not wrench tears from me as a reader, I could never erase the image of longing and anticipation found in that song.  Kia’s mindset paralleled those emotions.  My appreciation for this book was certainly enhanced by having that concept in my mind.  It was an earworm that stayed with me throughout the book.  Marshy land, the swamp, green water, mysterious creatures, and black shadows are brought alive by Owens’s writing.  It’s an enjoyable read.<br/><br/>Schuyler T Wallace<br/>Author of TIN LIZARD TALES
 I will be honest, I do not read much.  I read maybe a book every 6 months.  I was searching for a good book to read because it's winter and I get tired of todays TV.  I looked on Amazon and looked at the bestsellers list.  "Where the Crawdads Sing" caught my eye because it had an average rating of 5 stars, so I decided to read the synopsis.  A murder mystery that averages 5 stars...sounds good.  I purchased and began reading, and I was instantly interested.  The description of nature; the wildlife, the marsh, ocean...it was all captivating.  The characters were well developed, especially Kya, who I feel like I know personally.<br/>I have never read a book that grabbed me emotionally, and this one did.  I read the 2nd half in one night because I cared.  I cared what was going to happen.  I cared about the characters and I cared about the wildlife.  I genuinely cared about these people and the story that was being laid out in front of me.  I had to finish the book after a certain point because I knew I would be useless until I knew the fate of the characters I had grown to care about.<br/>I hear this may be a movie.  I think this would be hard to duplicate on film.  A great book rarely transfers to celluloid with the same impact.<br/>This story deserves a 5 star rating.  After reading this, tell me you won't want to go to North Carolina and try to find this setting.
 Totally implausible. Garn*shed with insipid poetry
 This is a beautiful and haunting novel; both life-affirming and heartbreaking.  Catherine Danielle Clark, aka Kya, is abandoned in severe poverty in a marsh near the fictional village of Barkley Cove, North Carolina as a child and uses her wits to survive.  She grows up as one with the marsh life, although she is not quite feral due to her upbringing by her mother to the age of six and the help of a few friends who take her under their wing.  Although shunned and scorned by the villagers who call her “the marsh girl” Kya is extremely intelligent in spite of having attended only one day of school in her life.  She eventually earns a living in a most surprising way given her lack of formal education.  The best thing about this novel is that Kya is never a caricature; she is clever beyond the ability of everyone, including the reader, to fully grasp until the end of the novel.  This novel is a sad reminder that isolation and abandonment in early childhood can weave itself into a person’s DNA in a way that is very difficult to fully heal.  One of my favorite things about this novel is how the marsh land and marsh life become a character in the book and how Kya seems to take her life lessons from the behavior of the insects and birds.  If you had been abondoned by your parents at a young age in profound isolation what else would you have to teach you?  If you haven't read this book and are at all interested I say take a chance on it!
 Surprisingly, I feel this is one of the best books I've read in years, and one of the best books I've read, period. You know the book ads that come up when you open your Kindle? I always ignore them. The name of the book caught my eye, I was intrigued about the meaning. That led me to some reviews. I was afraid it was going to be a chick book, but someone compared it to the book, "To Kill A Mockingbird". High praise indeed. I took a chance. Then, I couldn't put it down. Beautifully written, and an incredible story. I'm writing this review in the hopes that it helps convince someone to read the book, like a fellow reviewer helped convince me.
 Delia,  So proud of a UGA graduate and Georgia native for writing  such a lovely book.  Loved your portrayal of the Marsh girl and felt whispers of Harper Lee and To Kill a Mockingbird in it in a modern way with all of the scientific information and a different kind of justice.  Your description of isolation and how she handled seemed so real.  It rates a high score in that I had no trouble with willing suspension of disbelief.  Your knowledge of the marshes and the life they give to everything else was amazing.  I thought you handled the environmental debate in a smooth and tactful way with no preaching.  Now everytime I go to the Low Country or to Thomasville, I will think of this great book.  Do hope you will write more.
 The main character in this first novel is Catharine “Kya” Clark, aka “The Marsh Girl”.  Born in 1946, but abandoned, one at a time, by both parents and her four siblings by the time she is fourteen, she grows up on the marshy coast of North Carolina and goes to school for one day.  (She is able to evade the truant officers, who eventually give up.)  Kya makes friends with local boy Tate Walker, a budding marine biologist who teaches her to read, “Jumpin” and Mabel, an African-American couple who help her in other ways, and is romanced by Chase Walker, star quarterback and the scion of the richest family in the nearby town.  There are two story lines:  the first follows her life from 1952 to 1969, and the second is a murder mystery set in 1969.  They merge toward the end, because Chase is the murder victim and Kya the prime suspect.<br/> The author has co-written three non-fiction books on African wildlife, and the sections of this novel dealing with the life forms in the swamp are excellent.  However, the romance and mystery sections are rather weak, which is typical of a first novel.  I also found Chase to be rather stereotypical, and there were errors in North Carolina geography that even someone like me, who has never lived there, could spot.
 This book is now on my list of all time favorites.  It is sometimes heartbreakingly brutal and other times as soft and soulful as one could imagine.  If only one could find books this good on a regular basis...they only come around once in a great while.  It sang to me - it made me laugh and made me cry.  I loved every minute of the way this writer strings together words.  The main character's relationship with nature is like a true North, steering the reader toward the pain and truths in this book with that easy southern way.  While she paddles the marsh, the reader travels through it with her.  You feel it.  You hear it.  You smell it.  It is amazing how this author's descriptions truly transport you to another place and time.  You get lost - which is exactly what I expect from an amazing book.  This one will stay in my collection.
 This novel caters to a wide audience, but in doing so it travels from the sublime to the ridiculous back to the sublime. An uneven work, it sometimes reads like a young adult novel with lots of coming of age hormones and melodrama; but it also is a beautiful work of art depicting the pain of loneliness and and the consequences of reclusive behavior.  At the age of six, the heroine, Kya, was abandoned by her family and left alone to survive in the backwoods’ marshes of North Carolina in the 1950’s. Time after time, human beings have disappointed her, so she finds solace in the natural world of the marshes. Living on the margins of society, she is treated like the town pariah. Her mistrust of people and her lack of self-esteem isolate her physically and emotionally. Her plight wrung the empathy right out of me. When a town’s young man, a former athlete, mysteriously falls off a large tower, Kya comes under suspicion. What happened to her family and the athlete create quite a page turner. However, this novel begs for its readers’ willing suspension of disbelief. If you can get beyond some unbelievable plot points and a corny trial, you will not only learn a ton about marshes and the sex lives of critters but also about the similarity between animal and human behavior. This is the author’s first novel, and it is an impressive first product.
 I think this author has a lot of gifts.  What bothers me - and it's far too often - is the distinct sense that publishers tell these authors that the novel has to be at least 350 pages or no one will take it seriously.  I felt that my time was highjacked.  I cared about the people, but the narrative went far, far afield.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is a very special and unique book and definitely one of my favourites of 2018.<br/><br/>When town sporting hero, Chase Andrews is found dead at the bottom of an old fire tower in the North Carolina marsh, rumours spread quickly that the "Marsh Girl" is responsible. Kya Clark is the "Marsh Girl", abandoned first by her mother, then her siblings and finally, when she was 10, by her abusive, drunken father who went to town and never returned, leaving her alone in an old shack in the marsh. Somehow Kya survived, collecting mussels to sell at the marina gas station to the old guy who ran the station, Jumpin', in exchange for gas and food. Jumpin' and his wife Mabel were the only ones who showed any care or concern for Kya, giving her old clothes as she grows as well as extra food. Scorned and ridiculed on the only day she went to school, Kya avoided the town but made friends with Tate, a boy who liked to fish in the marsh and shared her passion for the wildlife around them. Tate eventually teaches Kya to read and write but it is the marsh that becomes her classroom as she studies and learns all about the plant and animal species that live there.<br/><br/>The murder mystery is almost in the background here as the marsh dominates the narrative and atmosphere of this story. The writing is so evocative that the peace and beauty of the marsh and it's lagoons and waterways shine through. The author is herself a wildlife biologist and this is very evident in her beautiful descriptions of the insects and birds. This is one of those books that I will keep thinking of and won't easily forget.
 This is a spectacular book. It is one of the few that I couldn’t put down until I had turned the last digital page. It was beautifully written and totally engrossing. I loved that it was a mystery as well as being chock full of animal and bird lore and description of coastal life. The characters were vivid and memorable. There was only one annoying thing for me. In this lovely, sad story, filled with descriptive language, of a child left to care for herself, the author disappointed me, an English teacher and lexophile, by using the  word gift as a verb, not once but several times. The last time I looked, gift was a noun. The word give as a verb has served us well for a long, long time, and like so many other words that some writers and speakers of the English language have used incorrectly, “gifting” has insidiously crept into vocabularies and replaced “giving.” Just one more thing along with apostrophes incorrectly used in plurals that spoils my love of reading. “Gifting” may have a place on Facebook and may not bother those who have no love of language, but I took away a star for it. Authors are my heroes, and this author’s white hat slipped a little in this beautiful story of courage, determination and everyday scientific beauty.
 I did not like this book. it was disappointing.  romantic crap
 I really loved the storyline and characters. The writer’s prose pulled me in and kept me wanting more. This was a page-turner. I highly rcommend this book. It’s the story of Kya, “the marsh girl”; a girl abandoned at a young age near a marsh in North Carolina, and how she fell in love with the natural world surrounding her and became an expert in biology. It’s also a mystery and includes the death of a man in the local town who had loved Kya, and her subsequent arrest for his murder. But, I won’t reveal any spoilers.
 I really enjoyed this book. I picked it for its great reviews and favorable commentary from many book clubs. Living in the south myself, I was intrigued by the story’s location and wanted an enjoyable, “take-me-away”, poolside read. The plot and characters are well developed throughout the book and the further I read, I found myself feeling empathy for the story’s main character. The circumstances as they unfold, made me recognize just how important a person’s upbringing and early years are, and even more importantly, how formative they can be as we move from a child into an adult. The author also does a great job of helping you visualize the surroundings of where the story takes place, and in an interesting way, weaves her knowledge of nature and the natural environment into the story. While the beginning of the book brings to light some sad and difficult issues, the story itself evolves over time to focus on the rich personal relationships that are formed, shining a light on the resilience of the human spirit. The book kept my interest throughout and provided enough plot twists to keep me guessing and turning another page. Gladly recommend it be added to your reading list.
 First novels don't have to be steeped in research, but why write about a real state if you're not even going to look at a map? It felt as though the author assumed no one who reads has actually ever been in North Carolina, and I'm pretty sure she herself has not.  It is a plot point in several places that various characters, who supposedly live on the Outer Banks, "run to Asheville" for supplies.  On today's roads, that is over an eight hour trip.  There are myriad towns and cities along the way.  No one, ever, would "run to Asheville" from the coast to buy a bike or supplies for their boat.  It would take less time to travel there from Baltimore, MD.  This, with other breaks from reality, such as no hurricanes affecting the lay of marsh during the Marsh Girl's time there (a very active couple of decades for hurricanes in that area) and DNA being standard college curriculum in the early 1960's; plus the ridiculous way in which the characters speak, bearing no resemblance to what is a very distinct regional accent, made for a painful read.  I can't even comment on the story itself, as I was so distracted by the author's ignorance.  Maybe if you live far away, and these little details mean nothing to you, it could be an enjoyable read.
 I enjoyed reading this at a 5 star level because I have taxing job and to be carried away by a story that I only get to read before bed that is written well overall in which I learn something and feel emotionally touched yet don't have to work to hard to access, is such a gift!  However, I give it 4 stars because I agree with other reviewers that there were some unrealistic aspects to this story but perhaps not for the same reasons.  If only we really knew how many latchkey homeless children were out there left to fend for themselves in this wealthy country with so much judgement for the unfortunates, (and I am NOT a bleeding heart liberal) we might not be so judgemental about this aspect of the story.  While some of the details might be odd, such as learning to read so quickly so well and the stark change in her ability to speak so eloquently, her life still speaks to the rising spirit of the human spirit from dire circumstances to create a meaningful life. While many have picked away at the details of the marsh and the south, knowing nothing of these things, I found such a different world very fascinating and enjoyed the word pictures of deep nature the author described.  I didn't love the ending, but I also understood the desperation and survival need that required such action. I recommend this read for the heart, not the perfect detail.
 Definitely a different but entertaining story of a young girl, Kya, growing up in a North Carolina marshland, surviving using ingenuity, her understanding and love of nature.  The characters especially Kya are well developed and believable given the crazy circumstances. I found it a bit slow at first, but that might just be me.  The author eventually got me hooked after 10%. The read is also a love story and a testament to commitment. In a matter of fact way, the author highlights the worst and best in people and injustices that occur because of life’s situations. As any good story, there are some good twists that caught me by surprise! All and all I thoroughly enjoyed this book, would give it a 4.5!
 This book makes you want to take a trip to the marshes of Carolina to breath the air, hear the wind and the insects. The book becomes a live as you read the descriptions are so clear that you can take a vacation in your mind and experience what Kya experienced. Her art and knowledge shown through her books that taught people about the marsh. The town did Kya wrong they should have come to her aide when they knew her circumstances but they failed her. It reminds me of the description in the book about the female prey-mantis calling a mate while they are mating the female eats the male. In the end this rang true for Kya and she did as what nature wanted her to do.<br/>I found myself on a roller coaster ride that had me so sad at times that tears rolled down my cheeks and other times I was preying for Kya to survive. Abandonment is a serious issue it does so much harm to children and it broke my heart what happened to her. Kya also is someone who is a survivor she is full of strength. Her ability to overcome her circumstance at ever turn is remarkable her resilience level is through the roof.<br/>Mrs. Owens thank you for reminding me that kindness can go a long way. That our humanity can be so disgusting to turn our back on someone who may need to hear a hello or a few dollars to buy some food. Their are many Kya's in the world and we as a people as part of nature need to remember that we all need each other in some form or fashion. Each of us has are own brilliance within us and sometimes we need a little helping hand to shine brightly like a firefly. I want so badly now to go to hear the crawdads sing I am sure it is the most peaceful music I will ever hear.
 The story start out with a death. No clues ,nothing to show what happened. Then the book goes back to the start of a young child of 6  who's family slowly over time  just up and leaves because of her abusive father. They leave her alone  in the marsh in North Carolina. She meets a young man named Tate , whom she loves, who teaches her to read. But he leaves to go to college. Her education is her environment and what few ppl she trusted. They understand her pride and trade with her to give her the things she needs.  But she never truly trust anyone due to the way the town folks had treated her.<br/>I loved this book which I rarely can say. The author made me feel so much apart of Kya and the marsh. I turned each page waiting to see what next was going to happen. This book never disappointed not even the ending. Which oddly just made me smile and shake my head yes.<br/>This is a book if fiction so to expect it to be anything else is foolish. I loved the slim chance of such a life happening.
 I'll be really honest, I purchased the book well over a  month ago when it first came out .I read the first two chapters and put it down. It wasn't until my book club chose it as our first read into the new year that I picked it back up again and I'm so glad I did.I think what made me put it down in the first place was the author's overly extreme detail to nature and the marsh land where this story takes place.I must have been in a impatient mood that day and even though I'm still saying that there is extreme detail about the surroundings of the book,it turns out to be very warranted even if I bit long winded at times.I finished the book in a day and a half and it really enjoyed it. It's definitely a murder mystery but with so much more relationship fascists. The ending was a great surprise, the writing was good ,editing great , it's definitely worth your time and money. I finished the book hours ago and I think it's going to be on my mind for a few days. That is when you know that a book left it's mark .
 Owens found a way to combine her two, seemingly unrelated, gifts: her ability to describe her natural surroundings, and her ability to truly understand human motivations. The result is "Where the Crawdads Sing," a story about a little girl who grows up with the creatures of the marsh as her only friends and family.  Owens' writing is so good, I felt like I was walking alongside Kya as she explored the marshes and lagoons of the backwater.  I almost felt the salt spray on my skin and the feathers in my hand, and the squishy mud between my toes. I also deeply related to Kya's need for love and acceptance, and her gratitude towards any nugget of kindness her father threw her way.  While I think some parts of the book are improbable (at best), they don't take away from the book at all.  The magic in this book is the author's ability to make me feel like I'm there in the salt marsh.  Absolutely brilliant.
 This book was very interesting and beautifully written. It draws you into our heroine’s life and you become intrigued at her loneliness, love of the marsh and her survival instincts. Many reviewers question the reality of the plot since the heroine is uneducated and naive to the ways of the world.<br/><br/>In my opinion, a 5 star book should be able to draw the reader into the storyline and keep his/her interested and wanting more. The reader should think about the book when not actually reading it. The reader should either not be able to put the book down and or longs to start turning those pages again. The plot and characters should be complicated with twists and surprises. It should have a strong message which stays with the reader after the conclusion of the reading material. “Where The Crawdads Sing” offered all this and more to Yours Truly and so I am giving the book 5 stars and an A from me.
 This is the best book I have read since I read "To Kill a Mockingbird," more than 50 years ago.  Simply stunning!  This book has everything.  A great story line with well defined three-dimensional characters.  It is a love story.  It is a mystery.  It is a legal thriller.  It is a prison drama.  It deals with major social issues like race and class and family dynamics in an absorbing and uplifting manner.  It is a character study of the first order.  It is wonderfully written from the beginning to the end -- the story line is simply enthralling.  It also deals with nature and wildlife in an enlightening manner.  All the while portraying small town life in a sleepy southern town very realistically and with flair.  It is an amazing historical novel.  It creates wonder.  It creates awe. Simply stated -- it is a must read.  A MUST READ!  If it is the only book you read this year, or this decade, read this one!  READ THIS BOOK!<br/><br/>If you read one novel this year -- or this decade -- this should be the one!
 I really enjoyed this book despite some criticism about the perceived weakness of character depictions  of the secondary male leads.  It has been noted they are both a bit stereotypically drawn as  good boy/bad boy characters,however, I found that easy to overlook when assessing the overall qualities of the novel.  I found the main character, Kya, aka swamp girl, captivating and particularly liked the descriptions of her isolated life and interactions with the natural world.  The coastal marshlands of North Carolina are as much a central character as any of the people and I really appreciated the wildlife scientist author’s  wonder filled and often poetic descriptions of the varying moods of the marshes and it’s wildlife.<br/>The novel includes a murder and a romantic entanglement to keep it moving along quickly and I believe readers will remain engaged throughout.
 I haven’t enjoyed a book as much as I have reading  “Where the Crawdads Sing” in quite a while. Kya’s remarkable survival as an abandoned child was believable if not astounding. The characters, especially those who befriended the child were very appealing. Most of all the vivid writing of life on the North Carolina marshes kept me most interested. I was able to visualize the wildlife and natural surroundings thanks to the beautiful writing of the author. I also learned a bit about the intricacies of Marsh life thanks to thorough detailing in these pages. I highly recommend this book.
 Far fetched and as schmaltzy as a Nicholas Sparks Novel
 It's a fun read if a little predictable. I guess it felt a little like a paint-by-numbers book--no shading, not enough subtlety. There were times when the author just didn't trust the reader to pick up on the implications of dialogue, so added too much explanation for my taste. Also, I didn't really buy that even an expert could identify a cheek feather of a flicker when separated from the bird itself. The trial seemed pretty anticlimactic to me. I liked many of the poetic descriptions, but again, sometimes they felt a little overwrought. Finally, I can't abide a love story where people want to spend virtually every waking hour together. It gives me the heebie-jeebies to even pretend that would be ok. The most poignant parts for me was Kya's loneliness and her love of the marsh. Those were worth the read.
 WHERE THE CRAWDADS SING  by Delia Owens<br/>WOW! Just WOW! This is a great book.  Murder, abandoned child, growing up alone, nature, young love, sex, ecology, love, poetry, betrayal, education, redemption, forgiveness, treachery -- it is all here. Well written with strong characters and even stronger biology, Owens debut novel is clearly a winner.<br/>The North Carolina coastal region and the animals, birds, flowers, grasses, etc. are as much a character as the human in this book. Kya, Chase, Jumpin’, Mabel and Tate are the main humans in this beautiful elegy to nature and the human spirit.<br/>Saying too much more will spoil the “mystery” in the book, so just know that is a book that should not be missed.  Book groups will find much to discuss and ponder. Biologists and sportsmen/women will appreciate the accuracy of the science.<br/>5 of 5 stars
 OK, so I read before I go to bed. I found myself saying "I'm going to bed" earlier and earlier every night knowing I had this book to read.  I loved it. The writing is so detailed and beautiful. So often I hear people say a book "swept them away." I haven't encountered that all that many times, but this book truly did.  It is heartbreaking and hopeful at the same time. I am actually sad that I finished it. I bought it on my Kindle, but I am asking for a hard cover as a Christmas presents. Some books I just need to have and this is one of them.
 I finished it. Regret it.  I should have stopped early on when this child was doing the impossible. So many improbable things.  Getting food, cooking food on a hot wood fire, gathering and chopping the wood I assume, learning to read with ridiculously difficult books. Losing the exaggerated accent (annoying to read the accent as written) to suddenly speaking like a well bred, well schooled girl with perfect usage. Nope. Didn’t add up for me.  And the trial?  Hahahahaha.  And the ending?  Predictable.
 First, a dead body. We are quickly transported back in time and into a land of marsh and swamp, where we meet young Kya and her family. As Kya's family situation quickly disintegrates, this young child, abused and abandoned, must find a way to survive. I can't really say more without revealing too much, but author Delia Owens has created a character of incredible spunk and resilience. Kya is a haunting portrait of what it means to be "different," and how society often turns its back on even an innocent child...yet Kya is no victim. As we move back and forth between Kya's formative years and the late 60s, when the body is discovered and police investigate, Owens breaks our hearts over and over again along the way. This was a deeply satisfying read that will give me a "book hangover" for quite some time.
 This reads like a less plausible version of the Boxcar Children.  At least, the first 30% of the book does--I didn't finish it.  It is populated by a cast of one-dimensional characters.  The plot is preposterous and melodramatic.  Added a star because it is a first novel and the writing is better than most popular fiction.
 A friend recommended this book and I read the entire thing waiting for the good part! Slow in long patches, you care about the main character, and she does get through a lot of challenges. But in the end, it seems like the author didn't know where to go, so she literally skipped through about 30 years to an ending that fell flat for me.
 Raise your hand if you have read enough books where children are:  left without food, live in squalor, abandoned, abused by - mother father - sibling(s), aunts, uncles, friend(s), placed in an orphanage, taken by the authorities and put up for adoption, forced to live under the stairs, locked in their room, have their head stuck in the toilet, burned, sent off to relatives on trains or buses, forced to work, not allowed to attend school, forced to take care of other children, have no clothes, dignity, or self-worth.<br/><br/>Yes some may succeed, but the journey is just to painful....because many do not succeed...
 Other reviewers give enough information about this book for you to decide whether or not to read it. Here is my experience: pure delight from the first sentence to the last, with many sentences and paragraphs worthy of re-reading. I didn't want it to end. But when I finished the book, I sat there for about ten minutes, then turned to the first page to re-read just a bit--and several hours later, finished the second time through. The first time there is that element of "what happened, whodunit?" and the second time there's the pleasure of seeing how the author develops the characters and of re-reading about that splendid part of the world. I bought it for my sister and my best friend, and they both wrote to thank me for it after they finished it--best book they'd read in a long time too.
 Because it's not the type of book I would normally read, I waited a long while, watching it sit atop the bestseller lists, being urged on by a group of readers I trust, and finally deciding this book is so beloved I couldn't not read it.  And I'm so glad I did.  Since there are already thousands of reviews, I don't need to go into the plot; I'll stick to my impressions.  It's an unusual and unusually well-written story.  It's lush and lovely, suspenseful and provocative, has beauty and power.  Thanks to Delia Owens's firm control of her material, as well as her talent and her tenderness, "Where the Crawdads Sing" is unlike any other book you will ever read.  And Kya is a singular, unforgettable heroine who I hope and believe is destined to live on for many generations to come.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is a well-written, predictable tale of a young woman nurtured by nature and living in isolation. One part mystery and one part romance novel, I found the book fairly dull. The author seemed to aspire to too much—nature, gender, violence, racism, and love—are all plot points, none of which are fully flushed out or explored to much depth.
 I don't think I can even put into words how incredible I found this novel to be. My heart was in no way prepared for the emotions Delia Owens made me feel. Every page is absolutely engrossing and beautifully written. The heart-wrenching loneliness and vulnerability put on display only makes the connections forged feel so much deeper. I genuinely can't a remember a time when I have felt this strongly about any book. If you don't read this book in your lifetime, you are doing yourself a disservice.
 I read a LOT - 2-3 books a week, and this is one of the very best in years. A first novel by a talented scientist, the author weaves both her marine biology work and an obviously rich emotional life together in an incredibly moving novel. The book combines a fascinating who-dunit plot line with wonderful descriptions of the coastal area of North Carolina. For me, it was somewhat like reading the best of Pat Conroy - rich Southern writing, and with a plot that grips you, and what an ending.
 I did not want to finish this book. At the same time i couldn't wait to get to the end!! It's the kind of book where you feel like you're in the story. Caught up in everyone's life. Be ready to meet the "Marsh Girl" . I miss her already.
 Before reading this book, I did some research about the author and listened to a few of her interviews. As a young girl,  I was always fascinated by Lions and Elephants, so I was immediately immersed by the author’s life in Africa and the isolation she experienced living in a wilderness with these animals. This book as she described it, is about human nature in its core with isolation. The writing is beautiful and poetic. The character, Kya Clark is the epitome of strength and how one survives abandonment and continuous disappointments. Yet, finds love and learns to trust again. She will touch different emotions in every readers,  and will take them into an adventurous journey filled with sadness,  but  ultimately contentment at its core. Highly, highly recommend this book.
 I read a few of the other reviews before writing this.  I have to say, some people put way too much work into it.  "It doesn't make sense" , "It's not possible".  It's fiction!  Dust off that imagination and lighten up.  I don't read books to be so critical of them.  I read for entertainment and pleasure.  So the author stretches a little.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I cared about the characters and I loved the ending.  The trial was not dry and too detailed like other books I have read.  All in all, a really good book!
 Beautifully written, reading like prose poetry. Intriguing story with interesting plot, an exciting murder trial and plot twists that keep you guessing all the way to the very end. Strong development of the characters, depicted with depth and three-dimensional psychological realism. Also a wonderful description of this once-pristine marshland off the North Carolina coast, written by a renowned and award-winning nature writer. Makes me want to learn much more about this ecosystem. My only negative was that the main character's early-year survival, while incredibly page-turning, was perhaps just a bit hard to believe. Aside from that, I would say that this is one of the two best books I've read in the past 10 years. What an amazing debut novel. Bravo to Delia Owens!
 It's a decent story of a woman who loved her surroundings.  But the book is De-pressing - start to finish!
 It was a page-turner right from the start I think it's one of the best books I've read all year long and I've read a lot such a different story which was so nice to read and so interesting I read this book in a day and a half in fact at 12 midnight I knew I should go to bed and I did but I laid there and said I have to finish that book that is how good this book is with every penny of what it cost the story was so interesting and different and learning a little about insects and birds and everything else you would find in a marsh excellent excellent book
 I read a lot, mostly historical fiction and romance/drama. This novel was highly recommended for my book club and I was very excited to read it. But I ended up horribly disappointed and I don't understand all the great reviews. I can tell this is the writer's first novel because her writing is so dull and flat. I didn't feel a connection to anything she described or between the characters. The story was incredibly boring up until the last 3 chapters then I was mildly surprised but the ending.<br/><br/>This story line is also very similar to the story line of a book called Ruby by VC Andrews which makes me wonder if Owens is a fan and got her ideas from that book. The setting, time period, theme, and names are all too similar to be coincidence. I'll even go as far as saying Where the Crawdads Sing is a very water downed knockoff of Ruby because of how many similarities there are between the two books.<br/><br/>If you like trendy books with no originality then you might like this but if you're a book snob like me and know what good writing is then I would pass on this book. I'm upset I had to spend the extra money on the hardcover copy.
 This story was unrealistic: it portrayed a white woman as a object of discrimination while ignoring the racism that her black friends would have experienced. And while the descriptions were lyrical they got repetitive.
 This one had me guessing till the last chapter.  A really interesting story that pointed out the foolishness of some of the prejudices of the 1960's in the USA, and not just toward people of color.  The book is well written and you can "see" all of the beauty that the main character sees in her natural environment. The mystery part of the book is also a page turner as you try to evaluate "who did it?"  Reminds me of a lot of books like the Prince of Tides where the characters are well developed and very believable.
 This book is very evocative-- with lots of beautiful description, it really brings the North Carolina marshlands to life. The protagonist in the novel, Kya, only attends school for one day and she is a member of a large, neglectful, and totally dysfunctional family.  Having just read the memoir "Educated", the true story of Tara Westover, I was struck by the similarities. Tara was "homeschooled", but the "education" she received was one-sided and biased and full of stunning holes.  For instance, she had never heard of the Holocaust and was not aware of the civil rights movement. In contrast, Kya's family simply abandoned her, having taught her nothing but how to dig for mussels and oysters and how to fish. She isn't educated until her first love interest teaches her to read.<br/>"Where the Crawdads Sing" is a mystery--it begins with the death of a man who we later learn was murdered--but the more important part of the book is watching Kya grow and learn. It's a great read, and hard to put down.
 This is a powerful novel that will appeal, perhaps surprisingly, to a wide spectrum of readers. It doesn’t escape me that to many in the intelligentsia it’s viewed mostly about the empowerment of women, which presumably is the correct marketing ploy for those that still read books (mostly women).<br/><br/>But not to me. As an 85 yo male with a lifetime of experiences that can identify precisely with those of Kya. For me, her desire to depend on herself, and only herself, to solve the problems life has thrown at her ... to thereby find opportunities to discover the most inner depths of her soul ... especially in love and in her relationships ... is truly a beautiful thing to experience.<br/><br/>Sex ... yes, but sex with need, feeling, and understanding ... in that order. In the end, all that matters is the understanding. Still those who love deeply are ever susceptible ... but we don’t really know in this novel.<br/><br/>So rare is the power of this novel that It’ll be some time before I can read another novel ... or even watch a somewhat meaningful movie. I need to read it again ... with the understanding that I’ll no doubt find more insights into soul of the protagonist ... and maybe that of the author.<br/><br/>The author lives in Northern Idaho ... I live in the high desert of eastern Oregon (4500’) ... with less that 2 people per square mile for the whole County. Yes ... I identify with the author of this grand book ... I suspect we may be kindred spirits. I look forward to her next novel ... maybe a sequel ... maybe not.
 The immense and intricately layered beauty of the marshlands is lushly described in this novel. Kya, the main character, demonstrates strength, courage, and resilience that awe the reader. The forward motion of the action keeps readers fully engaged. However, and this is a huge “however,” the author’s use of dialect is a woeful distraction. I am a lifelong Southerner, and I am intimately familiar with the varied accents heard on North Carolina’s Outer Banks. The author’s attempts to capture them in print are embarrassingly clumsy, at best, and seem downright condescending, at worst, which is a shame in a book so full of promise.
 It is difficult to imagine living alone for so much of one’s young life: the despair and longing for friendship. Kia managed through embracing and interacting with the lives in the marsh - birds and mammals, even the external remains of life: shells. Her few encounters with caring humans, especially Tate, changed it all: learning to read created the pathway that led to her success. Little did she know that others were quietly supporting her in small seemingly inconsequential ways as well, but the hateful treatment by many in the town is unbelievable except that it is. Shunning a child, making her life among them impossible for Kia goes on in others’ lives as well, and not everyone survives. I learned so much about nature in the marshes as well as exploring the depths of meanness possible in people.
 This was not a complicated read, but it was - for lack of a better description-very satisfying. I came to care for the characters, dislike some as well. Was moved to tears several times, which was evidence to me of the power of the author’s ability to invest the reader in her tale. I feel as if I know the marsh despite never having been there. Possibly the only weak link was that I was not surprised by the ending - indeed expected it. But maybe this was also intended by the author.<br/>I was sorry when it ended.
 You can tell that WHERE THE CRAWDADS SING is a different kind of reading experience just from the title. The good news is that it is!  It is so much more than a "Who dun it" . It is a heartwarming book that takes you into the unusual life of a young girl in a North Carolina marshland. While doing so, the reader is captivated, not just by the amazing characters, but by an intricately woven plot. At the same time, you develop a heightened awareness of an ecosystem that is rarely used as a setting. This book is a love story and a mystery with a glimpse of life in the south in the 60's...but it is so much more! You won't want to put it down. The characters will stay with you long after you've read the last page. Don't miss it!
 started out so beautiful.  just a pretty cloak for porn. disappointed
 I loved this book from the very start.  Her character descriptions put you right there.  Those little feelings in the heart were right there.  The prejudices and hurting was right there.  I immediately did a search for other books by her, but I believe this is her only novel, so far.  She and her husband have written 3 other books, which I will be looking into, I believe they're documentary.  But if she's writing those, they're going to be great as well, I'm sure.  You can't go wrong reading this book.  It would be ok for young people too, it explains a lot about the natural Marsh life that lives in them.  Also a good lesson about not being prejudiced about people you don't know.  Highly recommend it.
 All the ingredients and components for a classic read...<br/><br/>With an artistic writing style and a skillful plot, Delia Owens unleashes an absorbing and effective novel which touches on many features of the human emotional landscape.<br/><br/>Ms. Owens spins and weaves the gripping connection between our childhood, individual spirit and environment...a most perceptive and clever approach to our understanding of human nature. The vivid relationship between Kya and her natural world is stellar...brilliant.<br/><br/>With nearly 5,000 reviews as of this writing, plus a description on the inside book flap, I will spare the reviewer the redundancy of this talented novel.<br/>Couldn't put it down.
 I cannot write all I want to say without giving away too much of the story. So I will say it is the most moving, spellbinding book I have ever read, bar none. The author has a beautiful way with descriptions, saying mundane things in a uniquely non-mundane way that makes the reader stop and wish everyone could talk like that. The world of conversation would take on a dramatic new relevance. Read this book when you are alone, when the emotions it will generate can be freely experienced, when the pictures drawn by the author's words can be fully seen in your mind's eye, when you can stop and reflect on what you have just read. And when you are done, give some consideration to your own life, and how it could be enhanced by what you have learned from this girl's odyssey.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is a fantastic, marsh-lusicious story that explores violence, nature, biology, friendship, cruelty, family, loneliness, mystery, wet places, fear, small town villains and unlikely heroes. It weaves in human strength, resiliency,  persistence, resolution, justice, peace and secrets. . .with authenticity and beauty.  I was enthralled, appalled, and entertained.  I wept. I reflected. I judged and I forgave.  The prose is heaven for lovers of language, and the compelling plot, which alternates each chapter between past and present events, eventually merging them together, kept me guessing and hoping. It is a mesmerizing masterpiece.
 I don't even know what to write - seriously - I can really simply say - just buy it and read it - period. I think it would appeal to anyone, really. I'm a 57 year old man - father of 3 girls - been around a while - seen and experienced pleasant, and not so pleasant things. I'm, you might say, a rather hardened man - I'm fighting tears as I write this - it is THAT moving. I've read hundreds of books of all kinds - from literature to zombies, some good, some not so. I am amazed at this book.  Delia - whereever you are, whatever you are doing this minute - if its not writing another novel, you're wasting your time and talent. Please write more - lots more. Thank you so much for this experience.
 The premise of the heroine's early life took a while for me to accept. But Ms. Owens eventually made me in the possibility of the persistence and resourcefulness of a 6 year old child. Surviving the cruelty she endured from her father, then creating a life for herself completely on her own kept me glued to the pages of this book. I especially liked how Ms. Owens entwined Kya's development with her love of nature. This book will be enjoyed by readers who love nature; who like intrigue; and those who enjoy a good read about how someone survives alone for years in a challenging  environment. But this book is also about how a lone individual can create a "family" on their own .
 The author created a unique and memorable character with the marsh girl and her lifelong friend Tate, what went wrong is the use of the flavor of the day editing style of contemporary films. Backward, jump forward and backward again and again.<br/>Instead of sticking with her original characters, she wanted and failed miserably more tension by creating a very unbalanced back story of a generic sheriff and his sidekick that ultimately end up in a court case not unlike in on  of the most famous American novels.<br/>She should have stuck with her characters and she would have written a remarkable original voice story.<br/>Right now, trying to please to many masters, it is just an average coming of age story.
 This amazing, remarkable book left me at a loss for words: engrossing, magical, lyrical, breathtaking…there are so many qualifiers and I can’t even begin to level with everything this story holds. The descriptions of the marshland are stunningly lushly, sensory, and so vibrant that the marshes and estuaries quickly become a character of their own. The characterization is superb; one of the best crafted, the finest I’ve ever read: from the difficult childhood to the early come-of-age poetic beauty she becomes, Kya–and the rest of the characters–pulses vividly in this widescreen, watercolor-ed marshland.<br/><br/>It’s a story of love and abandonment, survival, prejudice, and so much more, and when you believe things can’t get worse for Kya, you realize that, yes, they can. Halfway through the book, I heard myself silently hope for a happy ending.<br/><br/>This novel should come with a disclaimer in the front advising readers will need to plan on shutting down, the rest of their activities be damned. It’s the kind of book that steals your breath away with its beauty, leaves you in a daze with a hangover, and you’re afraid that whatever comes next it’s going to be dull and tasteless.
 My 94 year old grandfather suggested I read this, so of course I purchased it immediately. He told me, "lock yourself in a room for the last 30 pages, so no one can disturb you." My mom got the same suggestion from him and blazed through it, and said the same thing about the last 30 pages and was entirely enthralled when we were on a family vacation. I'm more than halfway through and I have to stop myself from starting a new chapter or I would actually never stop and never sleep.<br/><br/>The author has a way of describing people and places to make you feel as though you are breathing the same air Kya is breathing. The connection to nature one feels when reading this incredible piece of literature is like no reading experience ever before. This is the best book I have read in years, probably ever. Owens touches on racial tension in the south, societal norms and cruelty to the 'other' and explicates scenarios of love and coming of age is beautiful prose. The reader is kept on their toes, at all times, and just when you think you understand something, another detail arises causing you to question.<br/><br/>A true must read!!
 This story is so flawless and rich. The characters are so real and believable.  I couldn't put this story down until I reached the end.  It is such an emotional rollercoaster, leaving you clinging and rushing ahead for more. Please read this story. You will not be the same afterwards<br/> Beautiful story!
 Although I find the premise of  a 7 year old growing up totally alone, it made for an intriguing story of her life and how it evolved.  She met people along the way who helped, but she did it all on her own, using her boat to get from place to place.  She was isolated by her own wishes, aqnd adhered to the tenets of nature around her.  How her life evolved will hold your interest throughout.  Definitely a must-read!
 one of the best books i have read in a long time. the characters, plot and narrative description were so well done. i read a few negative reviews about the ending. i found the ending completely fitting with the storyline.  kya did what the earth and nature taught her to do. the poem at the end is the explanantion of the "why" and there was a reference to this exact same narrative in the book as well. loved this book and will read it again.
 My wife saw this as a recommendation on reading the Wall Street Journal.  She ordered it immediately and read it within a day and a half over Thanksgiving while fixing dinner for fourteen people.  The author describes a plausible story, probably personal or close to home and weaves a knowledge of science and local southern culture into it.  I read it today in just over three hours.  Wow.  This should be a movie.  Netflix, pay attention.
 This story will captivate you, from the first sentence to the very last word as Delia Owens weaves you through a tale as thick as the marsh brambles. It's easy to see this best seller on the big screen, as Owens paints a masterfully crafted tale of love, loss, and mystery swirling around the most elusive of all the marsh creatures -Kya. After a long life of twist and turns, Kya has learned a few helpful things about marsh life and how to survive therein. Follow along as she hides among the palmettos, staying always just out of sight -just out of reach. From her scenic descriptions to her gripping storyline, every twist and turn will keep you enthralled. It's a book I couldn't put down, but I didn't want to end; I truly loved every word.
 Where the Crawdads Sing was a major disappointment.  In terms of the story, there was much potential, but the characters were too stereotypical and two-dimensional.  As a lifetime resident of NC and specifically the NC coast, I was pleased with the focus on our wonderful flora and fauna. This was a fine nature guide. However, the author clearly did not research the people nor even geography of our wonderful state.  For example, when the term “lagoon” is used in eastern NC, the speaker is talking about a hog waste pond, not a natural body of water.  Why would someone drive to Asheville, an eight hour drive from the coast currently, to buy a bicycle even in the 1950’s when to get there you drive through major cities!  In the 1960’s, few women attended UNC Chapel Hill.  If the author had invested any time in learning about North Carolinians and our wonderful state, this book could have been excellent.  It clearly was not!
 This book is beautifully written, with descriptions of marsh landscape that captivate.  What I loved is that the landscape and nature are seen reflected in the human characters and social structure described, also.  The main character is a powerful beacon of resourcefulness, resilience, and redemption.  Our book group spent our full hour and a half talking about this book and all 20 people loved it.  We had just read Educated before this, and they pair well.
 A wonderful story entwined with sea things and marsh places that I cherish and respect. The characters are delightful but Kya outshines them all. I wanted to hug Kya so many times before I understood how her loneliness became her strength. The self schooled naturalist who drives this story through rough waves and tentative shallows delights and teaches us with a gentle hand. Enjoy this dazzling story and characters.
 I loved this book right from the prologue which described the difference between a wide open marsh and a dark, decaying place where life returned to a decomposed form, perfect place for a murder.  There are many instances where the nature of the land and the nature of the animals  living there formed the personality and the way of life to a six year old abandoned to a shack devoid of parents and siblings.  The marsh became her mother and taught her how to live on the land and surrounding water.  Taught her a few things about people too and how uncaring they could be, exceptions of course.  This is a slow moving story that provokes thought and creates images, never boring though, right to the very last word.  Then you will read it again.  Linda Humphreys, San Diego
 When I realized that the author Delia Owens had written some of my favorite college reads as a young Wildlife Biology major, I knew I had to read this. This book quickly topped my list. The depth of emotions and development of characters displayed in her writing is exceptional. The plot is fascinating and entertaining. I was totally entranced and absorbed by this novel...to the point where I was actually sad when it came to its end! I couldn’t even figure out what to read next because I knew, whatever I chose, it wouldn’t come close to this book. It may sound like excessive praise...but really and truly, this one is a work of art. Well done, Ms. Owens.
 I can't add a lot to what other reviewers have said.  Bittersweet story:  abandonment, young girl living alone, the marshes, swamps, tides, currents, birds, shells, grasses, love story, coming of age, murder, naturalist collector, scientist, writer, illustrator and more.  The only thing I did not like was the back and forth, back and forth in time.  I just doesn't not make sense to me to jumble up the whole story.  I put the chapters in chronological order and read the book that way.  Do authors write a story and then deliberately scramble up the chapters?  I just don't get it but I know how to get around it.  Still a beautiful, haunting story.
 When my son was young, I took him to a Brian Jacques appearance at a Barnes &amp; Noble. As the kids listened to him with rapt attention, he told them that anyone can be a writer. All you have to do is paint pictures with words. Clearly Delia Owens does this masterfully.<br/><br/>From the very first page, Owens crafts her narrative with such lush detail that I was transported to the marsh. Sights and sounds come alive in this her first novel. There were a few places where I thought characters used words a little too modern for the setting (and did people name their kids Chase and Tate in the 1950’s?), and the ending was a bit rushed, but overall I was more and more drawn into the story as I read.
 I can only echo what other reviewers have already said.  This is one of the best books I've read in a long time, certainly this year.  The story is believable, the prose exceptional, and the fact the author is a naturalist by profession enhances the narrative even more.  I truly felt I was witnessing and experiencing the ecology and wildlife in the marshes along the North Carolina coast.  I read the book on my Kindle but enjoyed it so much I want a hardback copy for my personal library.
 This book deserves all the rave reviews and attention it is getting. Kya is truly an amazing character. She touches your heart and draws you into the story. Her journey is both unusual and amazing. This book and Kya grabs you by the heartstrings and pulls you along, throughout all the twists and turns of her life and how she survives. It is such a "rich" book, the prose is almost poetry and there is real poetry in the book. The look into the marsh, both from a poetic sense, as well as from a biologic view is truly amazing and again, unique. There are so many good things to say about this book, but the characterizations are truly wonderful.
 This book if worth reading, but there were parts of it that left me questioning why certain things were done.  The book can drag a little at parts and then at the end summarizes twenty or more years in a few pages.  There are also some hard to believe parts of the book.  I don't want to give the book away, but there are aspects of education that were not well thought out.  I grew up in the same time frame as the main character and we did not have inter-library loans.  If you wanted a book, you had to go to the university and give them your identification and check it out and yet, years before 1994, it was somehow magically done in this book.  Not only that, but it was done at a small town library!  Miles and miles away from the state's capitol library that I used.  Nice for her.  Besides that huge flaw, the book is worth reading.  The main theme is good and the book is an easy read.
 I just finished this novel and I’m absolutely blown away by how good it is. I couldn’t put it down. I wouldn’t say I’m huge into nature but I found the Marsh as compelling a character as I did Kya and Tate. The whole book is plotted really well with really good pacing but the last 20% has me shaking with anticipation and nerves. I read the last bit of this through a blinding headache because I literally couldn’t not know how this ended.<br/><br/>This is a beautiful work of literary fiction, a love story, a mystery and whodunnit, a courtroom drama all tied into one. For sure by far, my favourite book of 2018 and one of the best things I’ve read in a while. I recommend this to EVERYONE!
 I bought this book because of the title! Little did I know at the time that Delia Owens first novel would bring back so many memories of my own.  No I haven't been abandoned or beaten. My childhood was the opposite of Kya.  My life has been exceptional and I have been truly blessed, with no regrets. But I have chosen to be alone and independent all of my life. There have been only a few profound relationships and only one love of my life.  So, this book brought back nothing but good memories for me! Life is good and I recommend this novel to anyone who wants to lose themselves and think about things that move you! It starts slow but each page has a meaning.
 A wonderful story, one that enveloped me.  It was a good mystery, but more importantly, it opened up a world that is often ignored.  The characters were interesting and believable, both good and bad.  It was a great journey that I wished had gone on longer.  I had to force myself to slow down while reading, just to make it last longer.  This book will hopefully bring attention to nature and how much we need her.
 I inhaled this book! It held my attention to the very end.<br/>The writing was excellently descriptive and I felt like I was there in the<br/>swamp, riding in the boat or seeing the wildlife with Kya.<br/>The brilliant author, Delia Owens, brought me back to the "who done it" mystery from time to time, but also kept filling me with background, history, sights and emotions until I felt I knew Kya and the other characters.<br/>The stark portrait of the struggles of this poor young girl and the cruelty of the upper class to this "swamp trash" child was heartbreaking. But I kept pulling for her, praying for others to see past the dirt and grime on her little face.<br/>It was a wonderful read!!
 I disliked everything about this novel....a small child is left to be in the bayou, while her father gets drunk and never comes home and she has to fend for herself........and her mother has left all the children to run away from her life......this is a truly disgusting book and I hope no one reads it......
 I am an avid reader.  When I find a really good book, once I am done, I am sort of uncomfortable, finding the next book that matches up in impact that the one I just read did.  Crawdads had an impact on me...Found it difficult to find the next book to read that captivated me like this one did.  I caught myself cheering Kya on.  The writing is so good that I found myself immersed in the book---sort of like a movie.  And yes, couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>It took me a bit to find my next good one....I got close on another book... but still not up there with this one.<br/>I regularly look here and on the Great American Read Facebook page for reader recommendations.<br/><br/>That is where I got the recommendation for "Where the Crawdads Sing".  Great book and I look forward to reading the author's next book.
 WHERE THE CRAWDADS SING is as much a nature study as it is a novel. It is lyrical in its descriptions of swamps and marshes and the creatures that inhabit them. Author Delia Owens has spent much of her life in wild places, and it shows.  The story is well-told, though I found the character descriptions a bit wooden and mundane. Still it was an interesting read, and it had enough tension to keep me turning the pages.
 I seldom write reviews although I always read them before purchasing a book. This book was so good that I just had to recommend it to others. I felt like I was in the marsh with Kya . The descriptions were so realistic. I did not want this book to end, it was that good. A heart wrenching story of a little girl abandoned and how she rose above all the heart break. She was one tough little cookie and you will remember her and her story long after you finish the book.
 I am usually a  very generous reviewer but I'm having a hard time giving  this book 4 stars. I did like it for the most part. My problem with it was how ridiculous it is for a girl this young to survive on her own in a swamp shack. It's just so far fetched. It was also crazy that not one of her family members came back for years. It was crazy and just sad . Very depressing book.
 One of the best novels I have read in a long time. Owens' writing is superb and her story-telling is masterful. She effectively weaves together an unusual coming of age story with a murder mystery, moving back and forth between two time periods in a manner that builds both suspense and understanding. The main character is mostly shunned by the nearby community, but she develops into a remarkable adult. It was a story so compelling, I purposely put the book down a few times so as not to rush to the end. A book to savor, and as one reviewer wrote, a book to read several times. Some of the passages describing the wildlife were eloquent and worth revisiting. I hope Owens will write some more novels for us to enjoy like this one.
 This book is perfect. It flows beautifully, it takes the reader inside the marsh land, grips the heart.  The writing is magnificent.  The author creates a world and story for the reader that truly exists, and is so real.  The story brilliantly keeps you engaged and guessing until the very last few pages!  Total genius. One of my favorites read in 2018!  ENJOY. DOES NOT DISAPPOINT.
 "Where The Crawdads Sing" is a memorable story of the life of an extraordinary woman living alone in the coastal marshlands of North Carolina.<br/><br/>I especially enjoyed reading about the coastal wildlife I knew as a child in that region. The novel would have been more believable if NC geography had been more realistic, meaning that the nearby city of Asheville is a really long drive from the coast.
 I read several books a week.  Most of them ...even though I enjoy them all...are forgotten as soon as I pull up the next book  on my Kindle.  Not this one.  My Daughterinlaw suggested it and usually her suggestions are excellent.  The heroin in the story was so easy to fall in love with.  Her challenges were heartbreaking. Could not get her story out of my mind.  Havng seen the Dismal Swamp on vacation it was unimaginable to come up with even one  redeeming quality.  It brought terror to my mind just thinking of spending even a moment in its space.  Beauty truly everywhere. The human Spirit is a Gift From God.  Many thanks and Blessings to the author for reminding us.  Anxiously awaiting your next novel.  Thank you.
 ...of prose, character, plot, and, of course, setting. This is a novel of the resilience and predictability of nature, including human nature in all its forms, and the human heart.<br/><br/>Kya is a haunting protagonist who grows up in isolation and frustratingly becomes self-isolating, who craves love, but finds it difficult to recognize, whose defensive strategies hurt herself most of all. In other words, she's just like the rest of us.
 This book is so good! I have a hard time finding books that hook me and/or keep me interested, but I couldn't put this one down. I love the setting of the book, the characters and the story line. It's really beautifully written too. I love the way she describes everything, she is just amazing how she paints a picture so whimsically and beautifully with her words.
 Bought this book after reading reviews that praised it, but not really thinking I would like the location.  I thought it might get boring.  Well the truth is you have enough just to vision the place.  It turns this marsh land into a place alive with life in nature.  It's the  isolation, mystery ,  prejudice, love, abandonment, that haunt Kya , a young child who I is forced in surviving alone in a lonely place.  I don't think I could have done it.  Definitely glad I got this book.  It 's a mysterious death that forces the marsh girl out of her seclusion and into a world she has never known.
 Once in a while a book comes along that keeps you up at night as you read just one more page. Where the Crawdads Sing was such a book for me, so much so that I didn't want it to end, and I am now feeling the 'post Crawdads blues' as I ponder what to read next.<br/>I loved the American setting - including the accents - and the beautifully written descriptions of marsh life and how Kya struggled to exist in what was sometimes a hostile environment. Where the Crawdads Sing is a great effort by Ms Owens. A wonderfully powerful book that examines the choices we as humans have to make, and why we make them. I loved it.
 I very often look at books based on their titles. I liked the title and began. That was such an extraordinary story.<br/>Poverty, cruelty, abandonment, survival, love. All she wanted was a family, not to be left behind. I've never cried so much while reading a book. If you read this review, please read this book, it was totally wonderful. 10 stars
 If this is Delia Owens first novel, I can not wait to read more.  Some authors have the gift of expertly weaving words as a beautiful tapestry and Ms. Owens has that gift.<br/><br/>Where the Crawdads Sing is a book of survival. I could not put this book down and the last few pages had tears falling down my face, leaving me raw with emotion.  It is not a happy book, but a book of caring, strong emotions, and strength.  I will be thinking of this book for a while. I read this only in a matter of a few days. I think I just finished 2018 saving the best book for last!
 Where the Crawdads Sing is the most beautifully written and poignantly expressed work of fiction I have read this year. The writing style perfectly captures the North Carolina setting and enhances the dimension and complexity of the characters. Kya, Jumpin, Tate, Chase and the various others who come across as actual living human beings. The author has obvious scientific expertise in natural history and the environment, and successfully weaves a compelling plot that surprises the reader in the end. This is truly a wonderful read that evokes vivid imagery that remain with the reader long after retiring the book.
 Loved the story. I'm sure it would have been a longer book, but would have loved to see the story of Tate and Kyra after the trial expanded a little. Felt like it ended too soon. My heart went out to a little girl whose family was so fractured that she was neglected while they were there and then abandoned. Great characterization!  Feel like I know Jumpin' and his wife, Tate and Kyra. A wonderful book, that I will never forget. The author did such a great job of describing the landscape that I felt I was right there in that wonderful marsh, lowcountry setting.
 This is a beautiful story that grabs your soul straight away. The author's distinct descriptions of the area and the characters help the reader "see" everything that is going on.  I love that when I read a novel and I was not disappointed. Since I only read before I go to bed, I couldn't wait for that time of to arrive so I could get back into the "swamp".  Even though this is fiction...it teaches us that the human spirit is strong and thank GOD there are people who are  brought into our lives that help us survive and then thrive. I highly recommend this book.
 The best novel I have read in a long time. How a poor little girl without parents became a wealthy expert on animal species on the marshes.  A surprise - but a well justified surprise ending. Tells us that if we follow our talents and passions we too will have a happy ending. Do the things we like to do and the hell with those who don't approve. That's why I live on a boat and seek travel, fun and adventure. Have visited 98 countries and am about to reach my 83rd birthday. You'll have to get me off this boat in a coffin.  :-)  Also read Beneath A Scarlet Sky - a true story of WW2 in Italy - available on Amazon Kindle or hard cover.
 I loved this book. The story stayed with me for days and days after I finished reading. I've never been to a swamp or lived in the South or known people like the protagonist, but I this child and woman stayed in my mind and heart. Beautifully written and I looked forward to every day just so I could read more about one of my favorite characters.<br/>I don't often write reviews about books I've read because I don't feel like I could do a good job, but this is one not to miss if you love a great story. Give it a chance. You'll see what I mean.
 ####/5 Where the Crawdads Sing ~ @authordeliaowens<br/>Fighting off some weird infection today, not sure of it's a head cold or tick bite fever (as I pulled one off me about a week ago). Between the napping and medicine I did manage to finish The Marsh Girl's heart-tilting story. I was captured from "Marsh is not a swamp..."<br/>The writing is beautiful and the story is so interesting, you are tempted to scan-read ahead. It also had me guessing right until the very end. One of those that will stay with me for a while and definitely worth the GoodReads Choice Awards🏆hype.
 I loved the author’s descriptive and expressive writing. Every time I thought it was getting a little too juvenile,she would describe something in nature or about life that was so poignant. I enjoyed the reading immensely...and learned a little more about insects too!<br/><br/>Spoiler alert: I wish she could have been more mysterious about Chase’s death. It was so immediately clear who had done it, it made the rest of the book seem too predictable. I’d love it if it had just gone unsolved but I’m grateful that the discovery occurred much later.
 One of the most compelling stories that captures you by the heartstrings almost immediately. As we see Kya being  abandoned by her family as a young child and toughing her way through each day alone, just trying to survive, we come to realize what a remarkable person she is. As she raises herself completely on her own, we come to understand that she is herself an example of the biology she observes found in the marsh animals and plants she studies. Once we realize this truth, we understand what drives her and the story makes complete sense. Kya is not just a force of nature... she IS nature. The author does a beautiful job of describing all of the characters in Kya’s life and weaving a story that will be difficult to forget. This is a must read and I give it a ten out of ten!  Debby T
 What an amazing book.  Intimate.  Intricate.  But author is geographically challenged.  She lives in Idaho, I believe?  I live in NC, upon whose shores the book is built.  I'm pretty  sure that it's biologically correct.  But she keeps sending people from the NC shore to Asheville -- a ~350 mile cross-the-entire-state journey -- to buy specialty items.  So, if one wants to write a book that's a far-flung state from one's own, it might be a good idea to do more than helicopter in and out.<br/>I'm just a stickler for that sort of thing.
 From a master storyteller in her debut novel comes a heartbreakingly beautiful, lyrically poetic, and evocative story. There are so many adjectives to describe page after page of one of the most captivating books I've ever read, but none would do justice. The characters were so intriguingly drawn, the language unique and captivating, and the final justice breathtakingly revelational!<br/><br/>I might have just finished my favorite read of 2018. This will be hard to top. My recommendation couldn't be any higher -- and sometimes it is just enough to say "read this book -- don't hesitate."
 I read... a lot. And I am often disappointed by the lack of depth of character development in what passes as mainstream fiction these days. But finally, here is a story that I want to share with my beasties. This is an amazing tale, Irving fan worthy, of a love story that is not only intellectually stimulating but keeps you guessing until the very end. I stayed up all night, read it in a single sitting. Thank you, Delia, for bringing to life this fascinating character, for giving her a believable and worthy story, and for weaving it all together in mystery.
 This is quite possibly the best book I've read in many years.  That the story's ending becomes predictable fairly early in the book is not a distraction.  For me it might possibly be a tool of the author to cause one to slow one's reading down.  Rather than the drive to get to the ending one can then read the book as it's meant to be read; savouring the layers of meaning, love friendship, respect, spirituality, and the sheer magic in the telling of this tale.  The words at times are quite poetic while the word choice is simple.  For me some of the beauty comes from the order in which these simple words are strung together like necklaces to form sentences and meaning.  I did not want this book to end.
 I'm blown away by all the reviews that point out how unrealistic so many of the "facts" are......no shoes year round, same clothes, no problems with her teeth even with no toothbrush or dental care.....are you kidding me??  It's a STORY, people.  Like a movie, ya know?  I, personally, thoroughly enjoyed Kya's life style, envied it even.  Her connection to nature and the creatures with which she lived,  truly LIVED, is long lost in today's age and I just feel that's a cryin' shame.  Thank you for this treasure, Delia Owens.  You truly know how to weave a great tale.
 The synopsis doesn't do this book justice. The novel does a wonderful job of highlighting what poverty looked like in the 1950s and even touches on civil rights issues at the time.<br/><br/>A young child is abandoned by her mother and older siblings, and neglected by her drunken father. The story flows well through her coming of age, introducing endearing characters along the way. While the twist is expected, you will find yourself reading through quickly to discover the outcome.<br/><br/>Hope to see more from the author in the future.
 I always enjoy a great character-driven novel.  This one was no exception.  I loved the protagonist, but nearly all the important characters were powerful.  The setting of the North Carolina marshes was also a huge draw and I now I want to visit that part of the US.  Overall, even though I thought the ending was too abrupt and not particularly satisfying, this was a wonderful read.
 This is such a beautiful story of a young girl who is forced to rely only on herself to survive.  Of course, no one can endure this level of abandonment, isolation, and ridicule and come away unscathed.  Kya loves the Marsh and all of the living and non-living things within it.  It has been her home and her friend throughout the years.  And yet, there is something that Kya still longs for.  The desire for meaningful human contact is something we all experience, and Kya is no different.<br/> This is a story of resilience, survival, love, hate, and murder.  You will feel as though you are in the Marsh with Kya, seeing all the beauty of it through her eyes.  You will find yourself angry at the townspeople for their behavior, only to have your heart swell at the kindness shown by a few.<br/> Reading this book will definitely put some things in perspective, like the things that really matter in this life and how kindness and love is something we all need to thrive.
 Surprisingly the book held my interest from the start.  The author's detailed and beautiful description of the marsh land and surrounding area plays an important part to the story and brings you beyond some of the not so believable things.  Kya's strength seemed to grow with each disappointment in her life.  A little girl who's courage and tenacity were amazing although as a reader I could always feel her pain as could she.  Kya becomes successful in many ways but does not actually step into reality and that I feel was the heart of the story.
 When I first started reading Where the Crawdads Sing, I considered putting the book down and moving on. But I'm glad I stayed with it. Just a few chapters in, I was hooked and completely drawn into Kya's world. She is the hero of both this story and her own life, always finding the strength to rise above the hardships put upon her. At first, you might see her as weak, uneducated and unintelligent, but she quickly proves herself to be anything but. This story is dark, deep, enlightening, fun, and eyeopening in regards to how effortlessly - and wrongly - we judge based on differences. Whether it's a difference in appearance, social standing, education, or background, and especially when its a difference that we don't understand ourselves.<br/><br/>The characters as a whole are well-developed and unforgettable, each one adding their own voice to the story. Some are lovable, some not so much, but each one is important and necessary. At the end of the book, the pace quickens and the reader is given snippets of Kya's life versus living the moments with her. At first, I wasn't sure if I liked the change, but once I finished, I felt it was the best way to handle the ending. The story was neatly wrapped up, questions were answered, and suspicions were either confirmed or disproved. And knowing all the answers made me love the hero of this story even more. Kya is a character worth getting to know, and whose life story will definitely stay with me.
 Does anyone ever know the heart of another? Kya is one such person as she reveals her feelings and thoughts in a variety of ways. In one of the final chapters, the author questions if Kya was isolated because of the attitudes of the town's people, or were the town's people put off by her isolation? A good question for many relationships.<br/>The writer develops the characters well. Kya is a complex child, then adult, possible the result of early trauma in her life. However, she is also resilient and self taught, understanding and learning everything about her world. The story falls into place and the words allow the reader to "see" each character and the setting where everything happens. I am not always a fan of alternating time sequences in books, but here, it works well. The comparison of human feelings and actions with those in nature was an interesting take on the story.<br/>I hoped that the dad was the attacker. Watching from afar the events of Kya's life even though he wasn't capable of existing within it, and righting a wrong toward his daughter.<br/>Hope there are more stories to tell like this one.
 I read right before bed and this was an intriguing story and kept my attention throughout. It was a little predictable but had a few twists that I didn't see coming. Overall I liked the book but the fanfare and rave reviews are over the top as I wouldn't say this is one of the best books I've read, but I'm an avid reader and can be a bit of a critic. I'd give it a 7.5  on a scale of 1-10. Good but not excellent. Truly enjoyed the read but was expecting more from my friends based on my friends reactions to it.
 I liked how she learned to take care of herself as a very young girl. Her fearlessness, perseverance.<br/>Her love for her mother, even when the mother left her and never returned.<br/>May was left alone with her alcoholic sometimes scary and distant father.<br/>One thing I was intrigued with was her love for nature, the marsh and the seabirds she cares for and fed there.<br/>How she grew up supported her self as best she could.<br/>I could go on and on, but I'll stop here and just say, the ending might be surprising...or not!
 So much to love about this book, particularly Kya, the lonely lover of her natural world, abandoned as a small child by her biological family. But the ending felt rushed and contrived - like the author wasn't quite confident in her format and needed to complete with a bang of courtroom drama.
 I really enjoyed the first part of this book. It was beautifully written and drew me in. Part 2 however, lost me a bit. I found myself rushing to finish it just to find out the ending (which was very hokey) and be done with it. Dont get me wrong, it was a nice read, just not the masterpiece I thought it would be based on the reviews.
 To those of us who were born in to abandonment, rejection, abuse and small, (though monumental), kindnesses on our journeys... this book is a celebration of our existence. Our fortitude.<br/><br/>I'm fairly certain this is the first time I've rated a book. It deserves more stars than allowed. Thank you for writing it. Thank you also to the readers that may ease their judgemental nature for those that they truly do not know.<br/><br/>We are all brothers and sisters of this planet... universal kindness and support is necessary for ALL of us to survive and thrive.<br/><br/>Oh and... best ending ever.
 The first half of this book was mesmerizing. The descriptions of the marsh so powerful. Then, it sorta fell apart. Mostly, the writing wasn’t as tight. Sloppy segues into poetry for the sake of quoting poetry. The neat wrap-ups of every character and the town at the end were trite. But, overall the writing was incredible, truly evoking the beauty of nature.
 Fabulous southern tale of life in the marsh.  Told in Kya’s voice/cadence/vernacular all the way through until the last quarter of the book. It is as if she becomes silent- the voice cuts over to an omniscient observer.<br/>The ending was a disappointment.  It felt contrived and I as a result felt manipulated to be let down after reading such a beautifully written novel.  It seemed to me as if an editor took over the last chapters...different tone, voice, pace and reality from the rest of the novel.
 An amazing read. The author does a fantastic job describing nature and how we are formed by life's patterns and find our own destiny, overcoming obstacles which will probably appear insurmountable to most. And how being abandoned and alone with only nature as your companion  can make you great, albeit an outsider to the rest. If you are looking for a sugarcoated  story, where nothing is out of the extraordinary  and a happy ending is assured, this book is  not for you. However, if you want a beautiful, moving, heart wrenching story, don't even think of NOT reading this book. I gave it 5 stars, simply because that was all there was. 10 stars would have been better.
 WOW, this is one of those books that I enjoyed so much that as soon as I am finished writing this review I will be searching to see if the Author has written any other books-that's how much I enjoyed this story.  The characters were all well developed and each had their role to play of which the story wouldn't have been complete without.  So much emotion, and written so beautifully that you could truly feel it all.  It was a wonderful story, very difficult to put down, I really enjoyed this.
 I grew up in the sweltering cradle of the Deep South, near the Gulf Coast of Mississippi, and so I spent most of my young life listening to the peculiar and particular cadence of sweet southron speech. It has a vaporous quality to it, hanging around the ears like a heavy fog; it's molasses and velvety bourbon and the low, long rumble of late-night freight trains above the cricket-song. And it's nearly impossible to capture that authentic singsong serenade without stooping to cornpone caricature. Here, in the sublime WHERE THE CRAWDADS SING, Ms Owens captures the song of the south with absolute perfection.<br/><br/>Set in the near-mythical marshlands on the outskirts of a small North Carolina fishing village, the story of young Kya Clark will snatch you up and keep you turning the pages deep into the night. You will root for little shoeless Kya as she finds her way in the world and your heart will break in sympathy with her loneliness. Ms Owens has created a modern-day fairie tale, its kingdom made of marsh and swamp and lagoon, and it should not be missed.
 Owens is certainly a talented writer and she does a wonderful job connecting her characters to the wild and remote nature of the marshlands. Crawdads is an enjoyable novel and, with a little suspension of disbelief, it’s easy to enjoy this tale of the “marsh girl.” However, there are areas where the novel falters; the dialogue can come across rehearsed instead of natural and a major plot point near the end seems especially forced. That said, still a winning first fiction effort filled with lovely prose.
 I really doubted that this book rated so highly could really be that great.  I was wrong.  It is beautifully written.  It is the kind of book that you are disappointed it can't go on for another hundred pages.  It wraps up rather quickly after the murder trial and is ended with a surprise.  Parts of the book can make you sad with the cruelty of people and the cruelty of poverty.  Other parts are subtle coming into adulthood with a gentle love story.  I've read several mysteries and thrillers lately, so this was a welcome change...even though there is quite a mystery woven through until the end....
 I loved this book and could hardly put it down.  The ability of this little girl to survive on her own is totally amazing.  She went to school for only one day but was such a student of her environment that she became an authority on the flora and fauna of the marsh and in time a well respected author.  The parallel story in the book is the mystery surrounding the death of a popular young man in the town.  The two stories are intertwined and make for a wonderful read.  I heartily recommend this book.
 I liked this book on several levels: character depth, description of the marsh, the trial suspense, a strong woman as the main character and her love of nature. My only criticism is that while I believe she was capable of killing Chase, I cannot fathom her being able to take the bus back and forth and carrying out her task and plan on such a limited amount of time. I would rather the ending not tell us who killed Chase. Or maybe Tate just thought she did. There's really no proof.
 What a wonderfully new subject for a book. This book was very well written, the characters were well developed and believable.  This was a page turner for sure with a nice surprise ending.  The emotions of this young girl were very feeling.  There isn’t much I can say that would not be a spoiler.  I would HIGHLY recommend this book.  You loved the characters you were suppose to love and hated the ones you should hate.  It is very different than any other book I have read of late.
 This is not my “usual” reading material, but I’m glad I made the trip.  There is a lot of improbable assumptions that you have to accept, but the author is so convincing that the suspension of disbelief is part of the charm.  If you would know more about the South, and it’s many unexpected relationships, you will get quite an education.<br/>I did not know anything about the author prior to reading this novel, but her background as a naturalist shines through.  It’s a surprise, and then some when the plot turns dark
 The novel is ostensibly a mystery but it’s really a coming of age novel and most of all, an ode to a vanishing way of life. Loneliness and loss define our heroine’s existence through her childhood. She lives alone from the time she is seven. Yet she adapts and survives in the North Carolina marsh she calls home despite the extreme prejudice of the townspeople. There is peril and death and at last, love, all rendered in language that is as haunting as the singing of the crawdads.
 This was a book I could not put down, the character development was outstanding, a coming-of-age book, a murder mystery, a courtroom trial, exquisite descriptions of the fauna and flora of the swamp.  I haven't read such a book in years. I read the sample and from there on, I was hooked.<br/>The chronology went from the 50's to current time and back and forth and converged in the end. Incredible well-written and entertaining and often sad.  But I fell in love with the NC swamps and Kya.
 I was shocked that a mother could leave her child with an abusive father .  It was a storage of courage, independence and love of the area she lived.  One does not find out who murdered the young man until the end of the story.  It describes an enduring friendship with a young man that impacted the main character's life and gave her a passion for writing that endured forever. It is one of the best stories I have ever read.  I did not want to put it down and was stunned by the finish.
 I devoured this book the first time through because I had to know what happened to the “marsh girl.” The plot kept me thrilled, interested, worried - I could not think of anything other than Kya until the last page was turned. I will read it again a second time to savor the artistry of Ms Owens’ prose. This book is original in story and in characters, and the setting of the marsh is so spectacularly detailed it is also a finely drawn character. I flat-out love this book.
 I picked this up after reading good reviews.  I had no expectations.  It sucked me in right away and I had trouble putting it down at night.  Kya was a captivating character.  She had so much strength despite her fear, embarrassment and naivete about world beyond her home.  I have lived in the West and Midwest.  I know nothing about this area of the country.  The marsh was a character itself and I found myself drawn into the story of the natural world around Kya.  I really wish I could see her book of sketches.  Perhaps it should be a special edition?
 It's very unlikely that a child could live alone in a marsh without DCF intervening at some point. That said, I loved this story.  Read it with an open mind and try not to analyze whether or not it's feasible.  The author's descriptions of the marsh lands, flora, fauna and all the creatures (including Kya) that inhabit this amazing place were magnificent.  Kya's story will keep you reading and reading and reading. I recommended to my sister (who usually reads only non fiction) and several friends and they loved it too!
 If you enjoy the genre with books like Barbara Kingsolver's The Prodigal Summer or Vanessa Diffenbaugh's, The Language of Flowers, you should truly enjoy Where the Crawdad Sings. The descriptive writing about the marsh area transforms the reader to the area. The story line teaches us that independence, perseverance, grit, and tenacity can allow an individual to gain self-confidence, while self-educating with the help of a friend. Trust is a learned behavior in this book. Readers will enjoy every minute of this lovely book.
 This was an amazingly strong debut.  Delia Owens paints a idyllic landscape making it possible for a girl, abandoned from an extraordinarily young age by all members of her family except for her abusive, alcoholic father, to survive on her own.  Thus it almost has the reach of fantasy since reality has to be kept at bay.  Her knowledge of nature resulting in a means of survival makes for instructive, lovely prose, and it was an immersive novel that held high interest except during some of the more repetitive parts.
 Absolutely the best book I've had the privilege to read so far this year.  The author's writing flows beautifully; it sings.  I lived a couple years in North Carolina and in some areas the accent is very similar regardless of education. The story was attention holding, one could not wait to turn the page, yet it ended too soon.  And the ending!  Wow what a surprise. I highly recommend this excellent book to any reader that appreciates a well written,  well told story
 Writing novels is hard.  You have to get the characters right as well as the setting and the dialog.  And obviously you have to have a good story.  And the story has to flow from a well described beginning to a gripping end.  And of course, you have to have twists and surprises.  The reader must get lost in the story, feel for the characters, and want to rush to the end to find out how it all comes out - only to be left wishing it hadn't ended.  If you can get all this right, you have a very successful novel.  Delia Owens has done all this and more.
 I just finished reading Where the Crawdads Sing, and it seemed every ten pages or so I would have to stop, and hold the book to my heart, and absorb the beauty of the author's words. I feel so much gratitude to this author for bringing these characters to life. Kya, Tate, Jumpin' and Mabel will stay with me forever. Also, the way she writes about nature, the marsh. So beautiful. Where the Crawdads Sing has inspired me as a human, and as a writer. It is exquisite, and will be one of my all time favorite books.
 I loved the lush descriptions of nature in this book.  The main character was drawn quite well, with depth.  The other characters seemed a little like stick figures, and I was especially struck by Jumpin’ as being way too close to a stereotype.  The two main male characters of Tate and Chase were also flat.  I stuck with the book through those problems, though, and am glad I did.  Overall, worth reading, but not my favorite book of the year.
 The Marsh Girl, Kya, was a child who absorbed all the elements of nature around her and became an expert in observation and reproducing them in watercolors. Unfortunately her family life was dysfunctional and she relied solely upon herself as she grew up. The descriptions of the fauna and flora in this novel were beautifully done and immersed one in the marsh and small coastal community where the story took place. The story line was seductive and allowed one's mind to waver on the possibilities of guilt or innocence of several characters.
 Such a heart wrenching story told so beautifully that it became heartwarming. The descriptions of the marsh and its nature will stay with me for a long time.<br/>My only dislike was the audible version. North Carolina has such a sweet and distinct accent that I wish we could have listened through, the narrative was some strange accent and I disagree with the voice of Kya, who yet shy was strong, this audible voice was pathetic. Luckily I read most before I turned audible on, so I had my own voice.
 I first wrote a negative review half way through the book but I kept reading it, finishing it, then changing my review to a positive one.  The story developed much more after that mid-point, though not always in a good way.  The story  suggests it will move a certain way then heads in a different direction more than a few times.  As a result, I wanted to shelve it more thank once but glad I finished it.  I've seen some suggest they didn't like the ending, but I thought it was great.  I definitely would recommend reading it.
 This book was an immediate winner in all respects.  I was not able to put it down.  Beautifully written to hold<br/>This book was one of the best books I have read in a long time.  Beautifully written to hold ones attention.  The author was able to bring the characters to life and making you feel you were there in each phase of each chapter.  This will probably be a book to read over and over.  It came very close to my favorite books, To Kill A Mockingbird and Cutting For Stone.
 Abandoned by her family, Kya makes a life for herself among the marshes and bayous of North Carolina  finding a friend in Tate, who fishes in the marsh and becomes her friend, teaches her to read, loves her only to abandon her as he leaves for University. The plot twists include a murder, another disappointment for her, only to have Tate return to discover<br/>Her collection of bird and shell specimens,her illustrations of marsh biology. With his degree in Biology, he sends her work to<br/>A publisher, and. Kya becomes an award winning author.<br/>Wonderful descriptions of the swamps and marshes, as well as<br/>Birds,gulls,  and marsh life. Beyond the setting, we see a murder<br/>A trial, and love at last.
 I recommend this book to anyone who likes a murder mystery, but is at least as much interested in character development, and a good story with very developed scenes of nature, particularly along the North Carolina coast. While there are some parts of the story line that are a reach in terms of plausibility, that's forgivable when the quality of the book as a whole is taken into account. It does build quite a bit of suspense, and I won't give away the ending but it's comfortably bittersweet. Go for it.
 I did not expect to enjoy this and thought it might be over hyped, but I did enjoy this story and the writing was lovely.  Of course a young girl being able to survive on her own in such an isolated environment for that long seems very unrealistic, so you do have to suspend your disbelief for at least half the novel.  But if you can ignore realism and just accept this fictional world, it's a beautiful and sad story with a very compelling protagonist.
 I loved the overall story about a girl abandoned by everyone she loves and what it takes for her to survive. However, the novel is in need of much stronger editing. The descriptions of nature were important, but MUCH too lengthy, which detracted from the human nature of the book.
 I don’t always enjoy books which find themselves on the Bestseller and Book Club lists but this one surprised me. It was hauntingly beautiful on many levels. This was a story of an extremely young girl, named Kya, who was left to fend for herself in a shack along the marshes of North Carolina. Though, left alone, Kya finds herself never truly isolated as she connects with the earth, the wildlife and even with a few people along the way. Despite this life of isolation, Kya learns to read and because of her connection with and knowledge of her surroundings, becomes an award winning author and artist among other accolades. Taking place primarily in the 1950s, the story also touches on civil and women’s rights as well as the many different social dynamics in the south during this time. This book was hard to put down and I didn’t want it to end. I’m sure I’ll visit this one again in years to come.
 5 Stars, even though there were a (very) few weak spots. That said, I loved this book.  The writing is magical, the story is addictive, the characters, are, with some minor and fleeting exceptions are complex and believable.  I noticed that this title often comes up in Chick Lit circles.  I can see why but it is much more than that.  I will refrain from describing the minor issues that I had.  This book deserves an unencumbered, clear eyed read.
 A story of a girl who grows up living alone in a cabin in the Marsh.  The other family members have gone.  At the age where she should be going off to school her mom leaves for good.  Only her father remains, at least for awhile.  Her mom,  an abused woman, never returns a fact that Kya struggles with most of her life.  Kaya's ability to be alone and to flourish living alone in the Marsh is extraordinary.  This story will find its way to your heart.
 Touched my heart and soul. I loved the beautiful depiction of Marsh lands that I had no idea about earlier. The emotion between an abusive father and daughter are so complex, you will shed a tear if you are sensitive  to the emotional stories depicting loneliness, abuse in family and heartbreaks in adolescence.
 Hopefully there will be more from this author....eloquent prose and flowing, expressive writing.  Not only dis the author capture the essence of a poor girl surviving on her own but managed to endear the reader to her and her unfortunate circumstances while painting the picture of a creative soul.
 I was excited to read this book, but it turned out to be just okay.  Some of the storylines were very far fetched.  I think the writing was good but where the story led was pretty uneventful, even though there was a murder.  I was expecting more of a mystery.  I wouldn't waste my time.
 This book certainly lives up to all its hype. One by one Kya’s family deserts her until she’s a young girl living in a shack in the marshes and has to figure out how to survive and<br/>thrive on her own. She struggles and succeeds thanks to a childhood friends who teaches her how to read. It’s realistic and believable. I won’t spoil the ending but I’ll give you hope from the kindness of a few. Thank goodness for the resilience in some determined souls. I highly recommend this book.
 When I began reading Where The Crawdads Ing, I wasn’t sure i was  going to enjoy it. Kaya, the main character was abandoned by her family and left to survive in their dilapidated shack as a seven year old.  Over the course of the story she evolves from a “ marsh girl” to a highly respected naturalist.<br/><br/>The surprise twist at the end was fitting.<br/>There was information the natures of survival woven into the story, that served to educate as well.
 For some reason I didn't think this book was going to be good.  I don't know why but my expectations were low.  All that disappeared when I started reading, though.  I was hooked by the first page.  The characters were amazing and believable.  The storyline was tight.  I loved it!!<br/><br/>I'm a naturalist and know the critters where the book is set.  I didn't  find any errors with the nature.  That was great.<br/><br/>Enjoy!  This is a good book.
 I read so many books that the stories are enjoyed but many are quietly forgotten.<br/>This story is one of few that will be remembered. Where the Crawdads Sing is a story of an innocent young girl who is left to her own defenses to survive alone in the marshes. I think many can identify with her loneliness, even if they themselves aren't alone.<br/>The author, Delia Owens ability to describe the beauty of the marshes and the wildlife was amazing. Never once was I bored nor did  I find myself skipping over parts because of too many descriptive sections. I loved each and every page and every important question that I had was answered.<br/>This story was beautiful and I'm so happy that I found it and I will hold it dear and recommend it to many.
 Beautiful passages about nature, predictable plot full of unidimensional characters and a YA novel romance.
 Kya is a survivor. And she has secrets. As a child she is abandoned by her family except for her abusive, alcoholic father and lives with him in a shack in the marsh. The story follows her struggles until as a young woman she falls in love with Tate, who also deserts her. She meets Chase, a controlling spoiled man who betrays her trust and crushes her hopes of a normal life. The ending will leave the reader breathless. A fantastic read!
 I didn’t expect to like this book as much is I did just because I didn’t like the title. This I have found was a very  missguided reason to not like a book.  As it turns out this is one of those books that when you finish it you don’t even want to start another book right away because nothing will compare with how good it was! The characters, setting, the storyline, all were absolutely Mesmerizing. I could not put this book down.
 I so admire scientists and their dedication to their research to benefit us all. To join that endeavor with such beautiful writing and weaving it into a story is just stunning.  When I first started the book I read to my non-reading husband the first two sentences and asked hi how someone can create this with words.  This will eat book I will treasure I my heart as  I will see the marshes and bayous with great beauty and respect.  As for the story, I was astonished that the racial differences of blacks not being allowed in certain businesses was still going on in the 70’s because in my life anyway though biases existed I worked and went to school with African Americans and befriended many.  But the author did not dwell on this, but instead, the bias of class.  That is something I experienced.<br/>  I loved reading about the feathers and the shells and the fireflies and peacocks.  Just a fabulous read in so many respects.
 I loved this book.  I notice that some of the negative reviews thought the narrative was improbable and they did not like the ending.  I liked the fairytale feeling of the story.  I liked the glorious writing about the flora and fauna and birds of the marshlands.  And to me, it ended just the way it should have even though I was surprised.  He deserved what happened to him.  I wished that the lives of the characters could have lasted longer.
 I will go back and write a more exhaustive review in a better format. Right now I just want to commend Delia Owens on crafting this sensational, un-put-downable novel. From the first pages I was hooked. Kya is such an incredibly powerful and touching character. Her loneliness pours out of the pages and yet she triumphs over the most difficult circumstances. I thought I knew how it would end and I didn't. It left me breathless.
 Our book group chooses two books each month, and I pick one of those two to read. Where the Crawdads Sing caught my attention from the first look, with its seductive, slightly mysterious description of the North Carolina marshland, where the novel is set. What I loved most about the book was the compelling descriptions of the flora and fauna of the area, combined with the intense focus on and character arc of Kya, also called The Marsh Girl. The plot twists with the murder and several romantic pursuits added enough suspense to keep me hooked in a way I am rarely hooked by a work of fiction. As if that wasn't enough for me to rave about, the author also plays out, through the interactions of a variety of characters, some of the historically documented prejudices of the 1950s and 60s. This is a rich novel with much to love.
 My daughter called me last week and told me that I had to read this book, Where the Crawdads Sing. I asked her what it was about and she said "Just read it." So I downloaded the kindle version and within 30 minutes I was hooked. It is a book I could not put down. The author had me believing that I personally knew the characters and the surroundings. I will definitely buy the hardcopy for my library. I loved it and highly recommend it !!!
 Where the Crawdads Sing was well plotted and well written and well read but the story line had so many hard to believe situations:  a mother leaving her children by just walking away, a father even less concerned about them; a young girl growing up alone and on her own in the boggy swamp.  But even so, I enjoyed reading the story and letting the swampland entice me. I would recommend this book if you know you can put up with some hard to believe situations.
 It’s an easy read and as I got farther into the book I didn’t want to put it down.  The descriptions of the marsh and wildlife were just enough to make you feel like you were there.  The country dialect  was so real and an absolute must to put you back in the 50’s and 60’s,the book would not have been as convincing without it.  Not necessarily a griping page turner, but definitely wanted to see what happened next. Loved this book, best one I’ve read In a long time!  Enjoy!
 I found myself eager to get back to the book each time I had to put it aside and take care of other things.  A little girl is abandoned by her mother who just walks away and never looks back when her abusive husband almost kills her.  The older children also manage to find a way out, away from life in a swamp and terrible poverty but the youngest child is left to continue  to live in a place she actually loves. She finds many good things about her life and there are people who help her when she needs it most. It's a story of survival on the North Carolina coastline in a place both scary and welcoming.  It's a story to remember.
 It was good. It was a train wreck book to me. It shows you that something bad is going to happen then builds up to it. I’ve read too many of those yesterday. There is something that doesn’t seem right then it is explained in the book. It happens several times.
 The story and writing were so wonderful, I couldn't put it down. Even though many of the circumstances were very sad, she had the wisdom and strength to rise above it and make something very special out of her life.  I could  always feel her lifting her arms up to the sky, her love for her surroundings and her continual obsession for exploring the marsh., feeding the local bird life and having them come to her and her love for them. The ending I did not expect but was fitting for who she was. The main characters were so well developed, I could almost feel I knew them personally.  Will be referring to anyone who loves a wonderful story and well written book.
 I have never been so captivated by a book as I was with this one.  It has all the emotions one can think of, plus delving into how people treat one another based on material things, living conditions, etc.  I know this statement is over used, but I really, really, could not put this book down.  It still haunts me, and I tend to go back and reread the last chapter.<br/>The "blurb" describing the book does not do it justice.  It goes far deeper into the main character's psyche.  I cannot praise this book enough.  It is a must read.  I hope the next one is as amazing.
 I don't really want to get too far into it - because I don't want to give any spoilers.  I will just say that it is totally worth reading.  And that I thought it was so good.  I got really lost in the world and had a hard time putting it down.  To each their own though - I'm sure some loved it through and through.  There was basically one element that left me feeling 4 stars over 5.  But again, still worth the read!
 Delia Owens gained a fan in me with her debut Novel Where The Crawdads Sing. Its not hard to love Kaya the main character in the book. She is the epitome of strength and determination. Set in the time where prejudice was ranpant especially in the South it easy to forget that class and social status were everything.  Cast aside as a child and entwind in mysterious death as a young adult, Kaya learns that people arent always what they seem to be.  Delia Owens does a great job keep the reader engrossed in Kaya's story.  There are are plenty of twists in this well written Novel.
 This book is excellent!  There is no other word for it!  It is the story of a girl who lives in the backwaters of the southeastern coast—the Carolinas.  She is deserted by her family, one by one!  She refuses to go to school.  The story is heart-wrenching, but she learns to read and is considered to be an expert on the area where she lives—the coastal marshes.  It is also a love story.  It is just an excellent read!
 The author’s use of words is pure art! I enjoyed them as much as the story which was riveting. I felt like I knew and cared about the characters and the story was not predictable. The words had such an effortless flow that I forgot I was reading and fully immersed myself in the story.
 Great novel about a young girl who is abandoned by her family and must fare on her own. The characters are well defined and interesting. The love and knowledge of the marsh by Kya is central to the story. The towns people and their fear of the marsh girl (Kya) was very interesting. The ending was somewhat expected but handled well. I look forward to another novel by this author and am interested in her nonfiction books.
 Reading the other five star reviews makes me wonder if these folks are avid readers or secret writers themselves, such is the exquisite way they describe all my feelings after reading this book.  I can’t, as they have, use the proper sequence of adjectives to properly convey the many emotions this story evokes or the beauty in the way it is told.  I am a devoted reader, not a gifted writer of reviews.  Let their reviews speak for me.
 I had already read Cry of the Kalahari and briefly met Delia and Mark in 1989 on an airplane.  This book started out bringing back my childhood memories of the Georgia Coast but didn't capture me right away.  At some point the drama washed in like a spring flood tide and from there on I couldn't put it down.  What could be a better setting for a murder mystery than a place part land and part water where live oaks are draped in the beard of the prophet.  The courtroom scenes and the surprise ending contrive to make this a great story.  Not the last from Ms. Owens I hope.
 A very well written book of fiction. The way the main character of the book had to grow up and fend for herself was amazing. The ways and means she had to provide for herself were ingenious. The relationship she had with the great outdoors was intriguingly woven into the few relationships she had outside of her home. The difficulties she faced and the way she had to overcome the many obstacles in her life was amazing. A great read and I was sorry when it ended.
 How on earth do I begin to tell you how much I loved this book? As a lifelong beach lover , I found myself  in a parallel  world surrounded by familiar sights, smells and sounds that were similar yet not the same. I found myself relating easily to the call of Kya's marsh and all its creature inhabitants like the birds that knew her so well. The authors vuvud description of Kya's circumstances her surroundings , and the heartbreak of her shocking abandonment made me want to scoop her up as any loving mother would do without a second thought. The plot twists and turns so cleverly it forced me to wonder in anticipation frequently . Where the Crawdads Sing  is an endearing read that reaches into the depths of your heart. It will  have you question every missed opportunity you've had to lend simple kindness to strangers, and the impact of not  reaching out your hand. Delia Owens, what a talented writer you are! I cannot wait for your next novel .  Thank you for this delicious  read !
 Written so well it makes your heart ache with so many emotions. You long to stand next to Kya all the way through the novel never ever leaving her alone. I am retired and dealing with cancer and can read easily 4 books a month.  I can’t tell you the last book I have read that I couldn’t find something that seemed off, but not this book I never ever wanted it to end.  It is a must read all I can hope is that you find you way to take the time to read it...you will never be the same. All I can hope for now is for the author will write her second fiction novel and draw my right back into her incredible ability to make characters, towns and nature jump off the page.  This book will be bought by tinsel town and hopefully she will hold whatever rights she needs to make them stick to her vision.
 I finished this book in one day. I could not put it down!  It is a story that takes place in a coastal area with an abundance of flora and fauna. Sounds like paradise perhaps, but what transpires in the marsh over many years will surprise and maybe anger you.  This is a story of abandonment, challenges, danger, hopelessness, instinct, and romance. The ending was surprising and astonishing. I had no idea... A very good read!
 I read a lot of books, most of them consumed like fast food -- read the story, glean the plot, and move on.  This book is different.  From the first chapter, the prose is lyrical and beautiful.  The story is poignant; the heroine both vulnerable and indomitable.  You know how the best books, when finished, feel like losing a friend?  That's the way this book struck me.<br/><br/>Read this, weep (you will) and enjoy every minute.  Just a great, great, book.
 My personal Best Book of the Year, "Where the Crawdads Sing" is a beautifully written, heart-wrenching story of an abandoned child who finds her way in the North Carolina marsh land. The characters are well developed and the story pulled me into Kya's world, allowing me to smell the ocean and the marsh, to feel the grasses and shells. I'll be recommending this book to friends for years to come. Thank you Ms. Owens for an amazing story. Your words are exquisite poetry.
 This book reminded me so much of the classic 1930's book by Gene Stratton Porter, THE GIRL OF THE LIMBERLOST.  Each book's protagonist possessed an intricate connection to nature that helped her persevere through extreme personal hardship and loss. Each girl's unique vision saw the small and large beauties in the natural world around her that we today certainly miss. Of course, the ending of WHERE THE CRAWDADS SING is an open-mouthed "wow!"
 Where the Crawdads Sing is a beautifully written book as it is quite descriptive of the North Carolina Marsh lands and the uniqueness of that area.  Amidst all the wonders of this coastal land is at one time a sad tale of loneness coupled with the  resourcefulness of living in such a condition.  All of this is wrapped in a murder and its related suspense of who did it.  This book will keep you involved to the last page and along the way tug at your emotions as it winds its way to conclusion.
 I'm surprised this book has so many high ratings. I'm a third of the way through and it's dragging. Getting to the part of Kya and Tate's interactions and I find it highly unbelievable . Guess ill keep plugging away but I sure hope the payoff is there.
 This book has an original story and premise, albeit a bit far-fetched, but it's not my cup of tea.  I refer to books like this as Chick Lit.  I did enjoy the bits about the flora and fauna of the swamp and Kya's contacts with true friends and ultimately family, but it didn't save the book for me.  In books like this there always seems to be some love interest on which the story pivots.  Some will love it, but I finished to see how it would end.
 This is a book about family, community, murder, justice, acceptance, forgiveness and love.  The "written pictures" are unbelievable as they portray the struggle of life and the habitat of wild life and humans surviving and living day by day.  The more I read, the more I had to read!  The ending was totally unexpected and required some thinking and questioning of the readers personal morals and ethics.  Truly an unforgettable book!!!!
 Sometimes compelling to read. Found scientific / philosophical passages dense &amp; boring often. Desire to experience a march was generated. Wanted more of Jumpin’ and Mabel. Romance with Chase too formulaic. He could have been more complex. Disappointed in the big discovery at the end. Not well explained or justified. Thin story, but lovely writing in certain spots. Disappointed overall, especially after all the buildup by other readers.
 4.5 stars. I loved the story although it takes quite a while to really get moving. The reward is a harrowing take off survival, love with the wilderness, and connection to the earth when spurned by humanity. This story has it all, and Kya, the main character, is probably the most compelling protagonist I've read in years. Her story is heart breaking but her resolve is awe inspiring. I loved the portrayal of the small southern coastal town and it's people, I even caught myself speaking in an exaggerated southern drawl occasionally!
 What an exceptionally written novel. Based on the cover and title, I probably would not have chosen to read this book on my own but it was the March choice for the book club I’m in. It forces me out of my comfort zone but thankfully, this is the reason I joined the book club.<br/><br/>I am so emotionally spent and can see why it has the ratings it has. I am on the Where The Crawdads Sing bandwagon.
 Several friends raved about this book -- maybe I expected too much -- but I was disappointed. The parts focusing on nature were terrific. However, the plot had "romance story' overtones, and the heroine and books ending simply did not feel plausible.
 This novel took me to every spectrum of emotions. Kya experiences abandonment, enlightenment, strength, personal growth, triumph, distress... The list could go on and on. A mesmerizing tale of an outcast with the sheer will to live without the assistance of anyone, sadly even at a very young age. I felt myself personally experience the "Marsh Girl's" life, struggled with her disappoints, wept for her conflicts, and actually cheered and cried happy tears for her accomplishments that a lone girl with only one day of public schooling was able to obtain. BRILLIANTLY written in every aspect! I not only was entertained by this story, but learned a lot about nature and human nature. BRAVO! BRAVO! Upon reading the info about the writer, this was her first attempt at fiction? Girrrrl, I'm hungry for more of your imaginary worlds, Delia Owens! I cannot say enough good things about this book! WELL DONE!
 I read several books a week, and I rarely find one that has what I believe to be both extraordinary writing and style but an incredible story.  This book had both. The characters were finely drawn, the story heart wrenching but full of hope - the story of a child overcoming incredible odds to achieve a high degree of success coupled with the bittersweet inability to be with and love other people until the end. Read it!
 I really enjoyed this story, and much of that was because of the way the author incorporated nature into it in such an important way.  The only thing is...a black and yellow monarch butterfly?  The only black and yellow ones I've ever seen are ones that have mislabeled on photo sites and such.  Monarchs are definitely black and orange.
 A six year old cooks, cleans and eventually lives a lone in a marsh? Seriously. What a waste of money.
 A beautiful and gripping story of growing and becoming, loneliness and abandonment, and of course, love--it's lure and its hold on the human heart and spirit. Though this story seemed more rooted in myth and legend, it still spoke to everyday needs, hopes and fears. I hope Ms. Owens will write more fiction, using her understanding of science and nature as a continuous thread in her prose and poetry.
 I loved this book.  It took me a few chapters to wrap my arms around the story. But once the book trapped me in it's pages the story was heart wrenching and beautiful at the same time  The author's descriptions were amazing in that she painted pictures of Kya's world with her words on every page.  Everything that Kya felt you as the reader could feel.  No spoilers but the book is so well written it just pulls you in until the very end.
 How can most people relate to this story?! It's astonishing and inspiring, as well as being eye-opening about a place - and a sort of existence - that none of us will ever imagine, let alone experience.<br/>This girl/woman is the courageous person we never thought could exist. What a story! What a talent! What a LIFE!!<br/>If I had more than two thumbs, I's add them as being "UP!"<br/>Read This!!
 I cannot say enough good things about this book. It included so many different aspects (i.e. Family drama, coming of age, murder mystery, and love story) all in one. I couldn't put this book down, and was left thinking about it during my days at work! And on top of a great story, the author's descriptions of nature were so lovely and vibrant. It was unlike any book I have ready and I was truly sad it was over. Wonderful read- 8 highly recommend it and look forward to more from this very talented author.
 This was a masterfully wrought story. The inhabitants of the story are authentic to the time. The dialogue is accurate and not overly done for effect. The story becomes impossible to put down at a certain point and is quite the page-turner. As the story winds to a close, it does not become maudlin with children and happily-ever-after ambiguity which would be an insult to the reader. Well done!
 This was an easy book to read with chapters and breaks frequently placed to allow the story to be interrupted for tasks required of pleasant day schedules. The characters were well defined and believable leading to a desire to continue reading the story to find the questions I asked myself as  nearing the end. I was not pleased with where the book was heading as I neared the end but it was then quickly explained and made me ever so glad I finished the last pages .
 I loved this book. I loved the geographical setting, the troubled character who finds connection and love, who loses it, who struggles, who is brave and mighty, who is vulnerable and pained. The love story. The triumphs. Thoroughly recommend it.
 I bought this book on the advice of a friend who was reading it and was so glad that I did. It painted a picture of the south in the 50's and 60's that I couldn't put down.  It is a book that I will remember and think about for a long long time.  I recommend this book to anyone  who would like a great read and will wish that it didn't have to end. You will never be sorry that you bought the book.
 Wow! This is a story about so many things...hardship, endurance, self-reliance, love (in so many forms), nature, friendship, imagination, and more. I had to read in smaller pieces at first, so I could absorb the beautiful words and their resonances. Then I had to read faster, just to know. I woke up during the night, turning the story over in my mind.<br/><br/>Not going to provide any spoilers, but it’s not giving anything away to say that this is a beautifully-written book, and a wonderful read.
 My dislike was that I had to put the book down to get some housework done.  "Where The Crawdads Sing" was highly refered to me by a friend who had recently read it.  One will readily immerse themself in this novel.  Some writers put so much irrelevant detail into a story that I find it to be boring and not wanting to continue reading the book, however, the details Delia Owens (author) injected into her story were perfect, putting you right there in the marshes and surroundings of N.C.  A very well written book by a first time novelist! I highly recommend it.
 One of the best stories I've read in years, really.  This story was beautifully written and I wanted it to go on and on just for the beauty of it.  But the story was terrific and so I wanted to find out what happened each step of the way; kept me up a few nights just wanting to know what happened next.  Some nice twists and turns, but all so very real.  I loved this book and hopefully the author will give us another one.
 The author pens such beautiful vivid descriptions of the nature and life in the marsh. The main character Kya has suffered such devastation and loneliness yet finds a way to persevere and grow beyond anyone’s expectations. The characters are well described and most are deeply lovable.  I just finished reading this book and stood motionless with chills at the end. What a beautiful read. An absolute must.
 This is the best book I have read in a very long time. The author transported me to the marsh; the smells, the sounds and the emotion of a life lived on the marsh. Oh the characters are deep and so well developed. I will miss these characters and their story.
 I found the whole story ridiculous. Don't want to give away anything, and obviously other readers loved it. It's not my taste. It was a quick read &amp; that's about all I found appealing.
 One of the very best books I have ever read.  The young girl abandoned by everyone,  alone in the marshes of coastal North Carolina.  I cried for her.  Laughed at her efforts to cook grits, respected her perseverance.  As she came of age, blossomed into a beautiful young woman had a boyfriend, abandoned again.  Accused unjustly.  Sad sad story.  Must be read to the end, totally unexpected.
 I just loved this book.  There was romance, suspense, racial injustice and perseverance.  I learned so much about the marshlands and could visualize the birds and plant life and sea shells.  I finished the book last night and had to sit and think about it for a long time.  The ending was such a shock.  I really didn't see that coming.  Recommend to anyone wanting to escape into a world that will illicit all emotions you've got!
 Such a moving and powerful novel. The characters Kya, Tate, Jumpin’, and Chase were richly developed. My heart ached for Kya, I was angry with Tate and I hated Chase. I wanted to hurry through to the end, yet I also wanted to linger with The Marsh Girl.
 A fantastic book.  I was not sure I could finish this book but I am so very glad that I did.  The very disturbing beginning made me feel angry about what happened to an innocent child who I felt was doomed.  Her subsequent struggles against all odds showed courage and natural talent astounded me.  No wonder this book is a best seller.  If your reading it now and are ready to give up DON'T.  You'll forever regret it.
 The journey of Kya's life is as tragic as being sucked under by a riptide, as stunning as a dewdrop on a rosebud. The twists and turns of her abandoned and solitary life are only complimented by a.girl and then woman learning, however tentatively, to love. In addition to all that, a marsh calls to the sea and all it's flora and fauna abound.  And if it's still not enough, the gorgeous prose of the author's pen will caress you like a light breeze just along your heart.
 This is a story of not just survival but of surviving the hills and valleys of life and not getting sucked into the mire.  Life is brutish for this child as she grows into a young woman. Most of us could not imagine her life, yet with the help of a friend she does not let circumstances overcome her but perseveres to overcome. Inspiring and provocative with many twists and turns. I very much enjoyed this novel which could easily be a true story.
 Light reading, with 2 good features: connects nature's behavior with human behavior and amazing descriptions of the Carolina coastline.  But, I found the story very unrealistic, super predictable, and not all that interesting except for the 2 points mentioned.  That's just me.  If you like romances, light reading, the Carolina coastline and observations of nature-this book is for you.
 My book club is following the Reese Witherspoon book club list and I'm really enjoying the variety of genres so far. I read this book in one sitting, really getting lost in the characters and setting. The writing was lovely and the use of dialect added to the overall tone. I won't ruin the book with spoilers, but I especially enjoyed the twists that made this book, and heroine, different.
 What an incredible story. Kya has become my newest heroine. I feel like I’ve lost a friend now that the book has ended.  Ms. Owens has written a book that will stay with you forever.  The prose was mesmerizing and made me feel like I was right there in the Marsh.  I wanted to help Kya from the minute I started reading but then realized she didn’t need anyone’s help.  This is a must read. I can’t wait to discuss at our Book Club!
 The author wrote a heart wrenching, disturbing and sad tale that drew you in until the end which sends you crashing. I was with this one until the end and it was so horrifyingly disappointing.that I just can’t rate this any higher.?
 I would give this 10 stars if I could!! The storyline, the characters are so richly and eloquently composed that the reader is drawn in from the first page and treated to the smells, the beauty, the harshness of the swampy wilderness as well as the intersecting lives of the characters living in and around the marsh.  Wonderfully engaging and emotionally encompassing! I absolutely loved it!
 Very disappointed with this book, considering all the hype. Very unrealistic and non relatable.
 I still cannot believe this book is based on a true story. At 6 years old, Kya Clark is abandoned by everyone in her life, and is left to raise herself in the Marshes of North Carolina.  How she figures things out and makes a life for herself is simply amazing to me. Delia Owens' talent for storytelling kept me interested from the first page to the last.  This is the first book of hers that I have read, but I will definitely not be the last.
 I loved this book. The author wove a beautiful story of an abandoned child, who raises herself to adulthood in the marsh. She not only learns to cope but she thrives in her natural habitat. The few characters are all well developed, and the imagery of the land, water, and birds is breath-taking.<br/><br/>Initially, I was able to read a chapter here and there, but the ending was very exciting, and I binged on the last several chapters.
 The main character's heartfelt connection to Nature saved her during the isolation of her childhood. The author's love of Nature shines through in her poetic descriptions of the area. I loved these people and their world, good and not so good. The mystery thread was well conceived and presented as well, fitting in with the Nature theme. But for me this book gets five stars for taking me into the bayous and stunning my heart with their beauty and variety of life--including the people.
 This book is beautifully written with a haunting finesse.  I thought I had unwound the puzzle only to be surprised a couple times at the end. I was happy that the author added a map of her protagonist’s homeland. Would have loved drawings of her house (shack) and specimen paintings as well.  To all who start on her journey—enjoy and savor it as it is over far too quickly.
 This first novel is a great start! It takes all of her knowledge about the marsh and creates interesting characters to inhabit it. It strains credibility most of the time, but still keeps the reader involved. It was worthwhile reading just for the facts about nature. I recommend it. It’s not the great American novel, but I became invested in Kyas survival and eventual contentment.
 I wish I could find the perfect word to put into paper , to give this novel justice. But many of the words we can find in the dictionary won't do it. The sentences read as poetry she describe nature so beautiful that you can see it before your eyes. They need to make a movie out this novel for sure. It can be another ( the note book) love, nature, romance story.love this novel and I recommend it 100%.
 We all have secrets and some we take to our graves.  The Marsh Girl (Kya) is no different. Overcoming the unbelievable circumstances of her youth, Kya exhibits a will to survive that seems superhuman.  A lovely book written in minute detail that allows the reader to be beside Kya in every scene of the book. It is a heartbreaking story, an inspiring story, a love story that I believe every avid reader will enjoy.
 This is such a wonderful story, I could hardly put it down. I would recommend it to everyone. The storyline and characters are wonderfully put to the pages. The swamp girl Kya, who ends up being left to fin for herself at an early age in the swamps and marshes is a very interesting person. How she grows up from a child to a women is a very interesting story. I enjoyed it so much, did not want it to end.
 I liked the book very much and it was used for my book club.  It brought up many questions and the general thought was that it was a nice fairytale and not realistic.  A lot more could have been done to make it fit into more of a real like situation if that was the intent, but as presented was just too farfetched.  It still was entertaining and we had fun reviewing it as a group.
 This story was riviting, but most of all the character development of Kya was excellent. I cried many times and loved the descriptions of the flora and fauna of the marsh area which I happened to be traveling to. For your first novel, excellent and congratulations.
 I lived in North Carolina and often went to the Outer Banks.  It is still not overly commercialized.  It was interesting to see that someone could really go unnoticed for years and it was as late as the 50s and 60s.  It held my attention until the very last page.  I recommended it to my book club.  I have heard from a couple of the members and they echo my sentiments.  We will meet next week and expect an interesting discussion,
 The author is superb at description of every leaf, bird and feather and more importantly of the feelings and thoughts of this child growing up. I was mesmerized by her ability to “put me in the swamp”.<br/>It is a wonderful story of survival and a sad story of the cruelty of people, the lack of concern, the misunderstanding, and the ignorance we live with. But the story soars beyond all that in that the beauty of nature swamps the ugliness of life. This is how science and biology should be taught.
 I think I must be a hard person to please because I have had a run of books that I get bored with and just quit reading.  That was not at all the case with this book.  I loved this one.  The descriptions were so detailed and vivid, they were almost palpable. One could feel the intense degradation of the main character and yet believe in her power to survive. I give this a high recommendation.
 This is a very strong, moving, beautiful story about an abandoned girl who becomes a remarkable woman with a special affinity for the marsh and waters she occupies.  The characters are well drawn, the descriptions full of lovely details, and the plot craftily developed.  I couldn’t put it down!  It is a wonderful testament to personal strength and courage.  A joy to read.
 A truly wonderful novel!<br/>It tugs at your heart from the very beginning.<br/>Written in a poetic like prose, the story draws you into a world where unspoiled nature interacts with the human condition with surprising and enlightening results.<br/>A real joy of a read.
 Once I started reading I had a hard time letting it go. I couldn't wait to get back at it. I would wake in the night trying to play it all out in my head. One would think this story predictable but would be wrong. I have to let this novel play out in my mind before I start a new book. A good book is one that you don't want to end and this meets that goal. Enjoy!
 I was caught up with in the first few pages and then couldn't put it down! The story of Kya the abandoned little girl &amp; her incredible ability to survive on her own was fascinating enough, but then you mix all the characters around her &amp; the murder mystery. Not to mention the way the author uniquely described everything from the time period, the characters and the amazing plants &amp; animals of the marsh, it's a definite must read!!!
 Writing good.  Story was immature. Thank you very much.  I do not have additional comments to add to this review.
 This is one of best books I've read in a long time.  You will be drawn into the world of Kya a 6 year old child who goes through unbelievable struggles.  Beautiful written to transport you to the mystery of the marsh where the crawdads sing.
 Everything about this book and it's magical character steals your heart! The authors almost poetic style goes hands in hand with the misty marshes and mysterious backwoods of the North Carolina coast and the life we share with a solitary being trying to hang onto life and find meaning to her life through what surrounds her. It is also a mystery and the threads of this story are jus captivating. A must read!
 If you like Pat Conroy, you'll love this book. The writer takes you to the lowlands of the Carolina's with beautiful prose describing the wildlife and the wonderment of an innocent girl in the habitat that surrounds her.  It's a novel of overcoming horrible circumstances and ignorance with dignity and grace.  I read late into the night, a real pager turner, and I was sad when I finished the book.
 What I loved the most about this book was the vivid descriptions of the natural world and the grit and courage of the main character, Kya. You can see, hear and smell the marsh and all the creatures there through her eyes, and she is someone who deeply reveres and respects the environment.  Murder mystery aside, this is a love story like no other. Highly recommmended.
 The story starts out ok, but eventually drags on and really wonders around in the middle.  The climax is rushed, like the author is bored with it and ready to wrap it up.  The characters are one dimensional for the most part.  I'm trying to figure out why this book is so popular...I don't get the appeal.
 I am a former English teacher and this is one of the best books I have read!  It is so well balanced with mystery, lyrical, yet not overly in-depth description  and excellent character development.  It will tug at your heart strings!  Worth a  reread, actually, and I don't say that about many books!  The action and suspense involved make it a quick read!  I did not want the book to end!
 I'm an avid reader, but those books that transport me and completely captivate me the way this one does are few and far between. This is an amazing and unique account of love, life, and survival against all odds. Beautifully written and well thought out this book is a must read. Worth every single cent I paid for it and will likely read it again. Only select books are honored with me reading them more than once, but this one will be cherished for years to come many times over.
 Wow!  Just finished this book and it’s one of the best books I’ve read in a long time.  Full of emotion and so compelling, I had trouble putting it down to get some sleep.  I loved everything about it...from the heart rending sadness to the very interesting facts of nature.  The story of Kya wrapped me in her emotions from beginning to end.  Great read!!
 Best book I've read in many years.  Beautiful!  Love the setting and the mood.  Love the young girl.  So glad author didn't need to put in sexual abuse as so many authors think we want to read about.  The child rose above pure neglect.  Heartfelt story. The characters were well developed.  Most of the men were kind.  Journey to the marshes, you won't be sorry.
 Amazon has the best price for a new hardcopy of this super popular book! After Reece Witherspoon put this on her book club list, it became insanely popular! The hardcopy price on Amazon is substantially lower than the paperback price which is always nice. I bought this for my book swap buddy for The Busy Mama Book Swap on Instagram and she had asked for it, so nice swap gift at a good price!
 It’s clear this book is a first novel. Although the structure and “surprise” ending were ok, the writing alternated clumsily between didactic and thoughtful.  I love nature writing but this book tried unsuccessfully to meld nature writing with a crime novel.  Don’t bother, just pick a genre and stick to it,
 Too much description.  By the time you realized that something pertinent was happening -- just didn't matter!
 An amazing child, unloved and abandoned thrives through her deep curiosity and love of nature of nature. She overcomes abuse, illiteracy, harassment, isolation and betrayal as she thrives as sn author of natural science. The author treats the reader to a rich life in the marshlands while creating romance and intrigue. Yo just fon’t want to pot this book down!
 Wow; Amazing story.<br/>Plot outline; girl raising self in marshland of North Carolina 1950s.<br/>Accident;murder;suicide? In 1969 of town golden white boy.<br/>Themes explored: survival; prejudices; naivety of ‘the other.’<br/>Girl becomes a Someone<br/> (self educated becomes noted marshland author)<br/>- is accused and tried for cracker’s death.<br/>Beautiful work of literature.
 I loved this book. All the characters were well written, I felt like I really knew them. I liked getting to follow them through years of their lives, especially Kya as she learned to live and grow up on her own. I also love mysteries so having that wrapped into this book as well was a plus. This is one of those books that I’ll thibk about for a long time.
 Where The Crawdads Sing is a both beautifully written and disturbing book. Within its pages, Owens explores all that is glorious in Nature, all that is harsh. Kya, the heroine, pulls at the reader’s heartstrings, an innocent in a brutal world. The characters in this book are so well portrayed, you as the reader will be pulling for Kya, and her few supporters,Tate and Jumpin’ and Mabel. Why did Kya’s family abandon her and not return.?  Why do the townspeople shun  Kya? Read and find out! Highly recommended.
 I love this book. My heart ached over and over for Kya, , a child who lost so much, never had anything, but achieved greatness. I cried and cried throughout this book but marvelled  as well. How hard life was for this child. Such a spirit is so incredibly priceless as well. Such a wonderful heartbreaking story. I have to read all  Ms. Owens' books.
 Nice story that was well written. Good charater development with nice twist at the end. I strongly recommend this book.
 Endless descriptions of surrounding landscape and not much else for pages and pages. The book jumps from her being 7 yrs old to her being in her early 20's and back again without making any sense or presentng any plot line. After getting through many chapters, not sure if it's worth going on. What a disappointment. A lot of hype without much substance.
 How an author from Idaho can writer such a realistic story set in North Carolina is amazing. Dell Owens is a published scientist and it is evident in this work. The pace of the book moves quickly and and realistically. The mystery deepens and is resolved in the last few pages to the readers satisfaction. It is a good book to read and enjoy.
 My wife learned of this book from NPR, I think, and suggested we buy it.  She read it first and spoke very highly of it.  In over 50 years of marriage I've learned to trust her opinion, so I read it as well.<br/><br/>Amazing.  Simply beautiful.<br/><br/>Reese Witherspoon is quoted as saying 'I didn't want this story to end'.  I didn't either.  In fact I re-read the last few chapters simply for the beauty of the words and the story.
 This is why I read. I sometimes become bored with a book and end up reading so fast nothing of the story stays with me. And then I stumble upon an incredible novel such as this and I rejoice. Ms. Jones has touched my soul with Where the Crawdads Sing. I was listening to the audible edition and the purchased the hardcover just so I can read and reread the beautiful prose.
 This book was life changing. Kya was such a strong beautiful soul. I lived inside this book as I followed her journey, a journey of loneliness, of nature, of beauty, and of love. I don't feel that my words can begin to describe the beauty of Where The Crawdads Sing. I am without words. I am smiling. One of the best books I have ever read.
 Not a great story.  Barbara Kingsolver light.
 I cannot imagine a child raising herself in the swamps and surviving.  Yet I found myself glorying in her spunk and strength.  I don't approve of murder but I sure did enjoy the ending of the book.  All in all it was a great read.
 I had always considered marshland to be wasted space until I saw them through Kya’s eyes. Although the poor child was totally abandoned by her family, she still was able to take refuge in the teaming wildlife around her. With the aid of a few devoted neighbors, she manages to eke out a living. Truly an inspiring story of resilience in the face of tragedy. I especially enjoyed the fact that she secretly got over on the establishment that had shunned her.
 I couldn't get beyond Part 1, it was so depressing.
 I loved this book and didn't want it to end. Dr. Owens is a respected wildlife scientist, and with her husband, she  has studied and published their research on conservation of endangered species in Africa and in the US.<br/>This is her first novel; it has magical moments with marsh creatures such herons, eagles and mud turtles but offers more than her poetic natural world. The drama includes love, survival, suspense and great characters.<br/>It is my current favorite and may become a movie with Reece Witherspoon.<br/>I recently presented at my American History Club a paper on Conservation of Indigenous Animals in our National Parks. This review was my conclusion.<br/>.
 I first learned about this book after reading a paper review.  Then I went to my Kindle to take a look and the reviews there were just as supportive and everyone was enthralled with Ms. Owens new book.  And I concur wholeheartedly.  The story line was unexpected and original and her descriptions, mesmerizing.  Plus a mystery! So don't hesitate, read this book!
 Although reviews of movies, books, plays and music are subjective things, I drop these words to say my soul was touched by these beautiful prose.  Haunting. Beautiful.  I would say not one moment of the time spent reading this story was a waste.  It is a filling, satisfying read.  A true gift from its author.  Recommended - without hesitation.
 The story grabs you right from the begging. There are so many ways in which you are rooting for Kya and the suspense of what might happen to her is always looming. That said, I felt like the author's attempts at depicting the racial elements which were much more than a backdrop, could've been done better. The poetry placements also felt awkward at times.
 Move over Scout Finch and Huck Finn, there is a new young hero in our literary canon. Like them, Kya -the Marsh Girl in Where the Crawdads Sing-opens our eyes and hearts both to beauty and injustice. Like them, Kya finds friendship and support in unexpected places.<br/>Living in isolation without the benefit of “civilizing” influences, Kya survives and prevails because of her growing understanding of tides and marsh life.<br/>As she grows to womanhood and discovers love, she, also, becomes the central figure in a mystery.<br/>Written with a lyricism unexpected in a mystery, this profound book will make you stop your own life to become part of hers.<br/>Once you are there in her marsh, Kya’s impact on you is as indelible as is the moon on the tides.<br/>I haven’t read anything this good since To Kill a Mockingbird and Huckleberry Finn.
 Kya is raised alone in a marsh and the first part of the book is thoughts from a child and a description of her environment. The book goes back and forth in time  from present to the past as you learn more about Kya. The second half picks up with dialogue and a mysterious death. I really loved this book and the ending didn't disappoint.
 I thought this was a great book.  Could not wait to read each page.  The characters were interesting and the writer is terrific .  This is such a different story and since I live in N. C., I was familiar with the coastline and this made it even more special to me.  Just cannot say enough about this incredible story.  I would read this book again.
 Best Book I have read all year ! Everyone may think a girl who has NOTHING but her isolation lacks stimulation to have a smart mind . This young girls mind lacks nil ! She's like a sponge that absorbs her environment<br/>stimulating her mind and feeding her soul until she needs no-one but her isolation around her . Loved her , loved the BOOK !
 First let me say that this is not the normal genre I read. Normally I read Spy/Sci-Fi/Fantasy. The description intrigued me so I figured I'd give it a shot. I am so glad I did. The book is beautifully written. The protagonist and her environment os so richly developed and eloquently described. As cliche as it sounds, this book truly is an instant classic.
 I bought this book, not knowing anything about it, because of all the great reviews. I was not disappointed. Kya is an amazing character, very brave against all odds. This is a story of survival, of childhood, and of the pain and joy of love. To add to a perfect story, there is an amazing twist to the plot-line. Buy this book.  I am glad I did.
 So. Good. I read this book right after reading Educated, and they were good to read close together, but this is such a unique, compelling story. I loved it. I didn’t want it to end. The ending was unexpected, which made it even better. I look forward to seeing more from this author. Everyone I know who has read this book has loved it, including many in an online book club.
 I read a lot. Maybe a book every week or two. This is on the top of my list. I stayed up late to finish this book in 1-2 days. I could not put it down. I love the style of writing. The love, the heartache, the misunderstanding of people, love of nature, and the family found in others. This book was great and finished without leaving you wondering what happened. Ended beautifully and I can't wait for her next.
 Wonderful story about the cycles of nature, dealing with loss and abandonment, resilience of girls into women and love.  A good murder sideline thrown in with some courtroom scenes to keep the action alive.  Prose and grit.  Great writing.  I picked it out because Reese Witherspoon said she never wanted it to end.  Good enough Reese.  I totally agreed as I read the last paragraph.
 The writing was frequently more like poetry than prose.  Not surprisingly, poetry plays its part in this tale, which sometimes is brutally difficult for this ingenious child in the North Carolina swamp.  No magic wand rescues her.  She doesn’t need that device, because all the magic is within her.  To top it all off, the ending is a stunner!
 This book didn’t have me at hello! But I kept reading because it was the book club’ s choice. and slowly and gently got seduced by the beauty, warmth, and raw emotions of this book! The blend of naturalist descriptions and how kya  viewed her world was absolutely mesmerizing! I recommend this book to everyone, especially my Daughters!
 How this writer turned marshland into a magical, beautiful place was astonishing.  Every page was filled with poetic writing. The story is a detailed story about a young family and their life in the south marshlands. The youngest daughter is left to raise herself and the story that ensues is pretty amazing. A great read, very enjoyable and beautifully written.
 A great read! You learned to love the Marsh Girl. The characters were real and believable. I was disappointed when the story ended! The Marsh  Girl overcomes all odds. She educates herself,  lives by herself in the Marsh and survives. She learns to trust again after everyone in her family deserts her!  I recommend this novel to everyone!
 As a native North Carolinian, this book griped me on a number of levels. First off, the drawl is insulting. We don’t talk like that. Even the uneducated hicks don’t. If her parents were well to do, they wouldn’t revert to backwoods mush mouth because of where they lived. Second, NO ONE from the coast goes to Asheville like it’s a normal thing. I live in the middle of the state. Asheville is 3-4 hours west of me. The outer banks are 5is hours from me. Driving from the coast to Asheville is an 8+ hour trip!! They’d go to Wilmington, Greenville, Rocky Mount, Raleigh. The concept of a 7 year old surviving on her own is far fetched enough, she never gets sick or hurt, can cook and clean up after herself, the shack never needs repairing, etc.  But more importantly, HURRICANES!! NC gets hurricanes! Hurricane Hazel hit NC in 1954, and was completely left out of the book. Came right in off the coast, like most hurricanes do. The shack would have been destroyed. Three: the swampy parts of NC aren’t on the coast. There much more inland. You get to swamp about 100 miles before the coast and swamp doesn’t peter out to the ocean.  There are pumas, cottonmouths, poisonous spiders, alligators, bears in that part of the state, but she makes it fine. Wrong geography, predictable, unbelievable story. Don’t waste your time.
 Wow, I so enjoyed this book! I love biology,outdoors,and birding. The girls passion for all living things was fresh and inviting. The darkness in her life was heartbreaking. Abandoned,left to either survive or die was almost unbelievable that a young girl could actually survive. The black couple who helped  her along,the way was a journey for them and parents and protectors for Her. I could go on , but will not. Read this book. It touched me. Who would get more out of this book. Someone who loves nature, someone who grew up in a small town, familiar with alcoholism. Love ,hate and trust.compassion.....
 Where can I begin?  From the very first page I was mesmerized by this story of a resilient young girl who is abandoned by her family and grows up alone in a shack in a swamp, fascinated by everything around her.  There is romance and a mysterious death.  The writing is thoughtful and evocative.  Best book I have read in years.
 The way the author developed the story of this very young girl abandoned by her whole family in the marsh lands. Learned a lot about the insects, grasses, inlets, birds that live in the wilds. The ending caught me off guard, but it was perfect. Readers can't help but "fall in love" with Kya as she bravely grows up into a bright, brave woman who finally learns to trust in love after being abandoned and then left by the two men she trusted.
 Good book about a girl/teenager/woman growing up very alone, tragically left by her family, in a wild seaside marshland.  Wonderfully written descriptions of the wildlife and environment which shape her life.  Throughout the book runs a mysterious death/murder(?) mystery that keeps you guessing until the very end. Also, a moving love story.
 The beautifully written book was such a surprising page turner. As a child who loved the woods and streams near the homes we lived in , I pretended to live the way Kya lived, wild, free with no adults to tell you what do and say "no." The reality of Kya's world wasn't as romantic as I'd imagined. This is such a great read that transported me into Kya's world.
 This is one of the finest works of fiction that I have ever read.  The author has created a wonderful, very unusual story.  It may be enough to explain, I was about half way through the book one night when I put it down to go to sleep.  In anticipation of finishing the next day, I could not sleep.  I got up around midnight, crept into a nearby room, and finished the novel early in the morning.
 I thought this book was amazing. The author certainly did her homework. I am still holding on to this book with my heart.<br/>A beautiful story of independence,self sufficiency,suspense,<br/>Captivating ending.
 This book will pull at your heartstrings from beginning to end. The story is a compelling description of  survival, human cruelty ,love and hope. The writers passion for the natural world is like a soothing balm that she weaves throughout. I did not want this book to end. BRAVO Delia Owens,I hope you keep writing fixation.  Marty
 I liked reading this book but it went a little far fetched into the future of the Marsh Girl in my opinion.  Going from antisocial upbringing to a best selling author is a stretch.  But learning how she lived on her own was an inspiration to get up and do things on your own.  Your happiness is only dependent on you!  A lesson we all can heed.
 This book was so well written, with such beautiful details. The imagery in the book is poetic and draws the reader into the Marsh with Kya. As I read, I could picture the marsh, the insects, the grasses, the water and the beach. Kya’s strange innocence draws you in and the author does such a good job writing that I felt like I could understand Kya and the world she living in.. I hope this isn’t the last book for this author. A unique and well written book. Nicely done
 This book has to be one of my favorites this year!  I have lived on an island with the Gulf on one side and the bay on the other so I found it very comfortable.  Loved all the interesting facts about the birds and nature.  The characters were well developed and the prose interspersed throughout the book gave it a special flair.  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys nature and the smell of the marsh!
 This book was so beautifully written that it felt like I was actually there, surrounded by nature, wildlife and water. I didn't want the story to end and it was one of those books that will stay with me for a long time! Congratulations to the author for this 5 star book! I will be looking for more books to read by her.
 I can see how this story could pull you in. It wasn’t a horrible read nor a total waste of time but think how marvelous it would have been if the little, as well as some big details had been addressed.
 Wonderful novel regarding the life of a young girl who was deserted by all she loved. Book is touching and hard to read at times - I felt so bad for Kya and wanted her to find love and happiness. Have already recommended it to two others who also read it and loved it. I will definitely read more by this author when she comes out with her next novel.
 I grew up in the South of the 50's and 60's. Where the Crawdads Sing took me back to that youth in so many ways.<br/>The descriptions of the outdoors were so vivid I felt many times that I could smell the ocean and hear many of the creatures, along with the crackling of fires and the wind in the trees!<br/>Along with having all of that, the story was an adventure of human nature and the human spirit. So well written I didn't want it to end. It ended....Gloriously!
 Yes, I'm shouting for all to hear.  This book is a winner!  Well written, thought and emotion provoking, the rich storyline draws you in immediately.  Your heart aches for this little girl who most of all wanted to be loved.  As her life unfolds, you gain a respect for her and her resolve to just be let be, the Marsh Girl.  I'm looking for more amazing books from this author.
 Irresistible read.  Stayed up all night and didn't work very hard at work today because I just couldn't put it down.  Part murder mystery, part coming of age, and a completely beautiful read.  It's difficult to find well-written books that tug at the heart and stimulate the brain, but this is definitely on the short list.
 There aren’t adequate words in my vocabulary to describe how this book touched me. It is absolutely my new favorite book of all times. I connected with Kya in a profound way.  Emotions surfaced like none I’ve experienced in quite this way ever before.
 Being an avid reader, l've read many books that have touch me in many forms, but this book touch my heart and soul.  At first, I admit it was difficult to relate to Kya and her life, coming from such a different place myself.  But as I kept reading, I was captivated by her struggles and the strength of character it took just to survive.  As an only child, I began to relate to her singular drive to find her own way in the life she was given.  Kya was such a honest soul, so in touch with her feelings and never  compromising herself no matter the obstacles she encountered. I wholeheartedly recommend this amazing work to those who choose to truly empathize with a deeply developed character.  Stay tuned for the shocking ending!  Wow!
 At first I felt as if all the descriptional writing was overwhelming to my senses, but as I read each following chapter, I found myself craving more and more description. It was as if I was actually standing in that time and space in the marsh, as if I was looking down at my own bare feet and toes in the sand. This is now one of my most favorite books by far! Thank you Delia for giving us the opportunity to share this journey with Kya.
 I heard about this book from Reese’s book club picks. I’ve lived in North Carolina all my life so I was anticipating this book about my home state, especially since it was set on the less familiar coast and I grew up in the foothills of the Appalachians. It didn’t disappoint and I can easily say it’s the best book I’ve read since The Nightingale. It has everything - mysterious murder, small town drama, love and betrayal. It did my beautiful and unrivaled home state justice!
 There are few novels that keep you guessing and engaged right up until the last page, but Owens does it.  Reading her bio it's not surprising how detailed her description of the marsh and its wildlife was.  I've never been into reading poetry on its own, but having it interspersed in the story was perfect.  Well done.
 Well written and we'll paced with natural and scientific descriptive language.  The characters are well built and will cause you to identify emotionally with their plights. You may root for or identify with actions you have felt separate from in your real world. You will long to participate in the world of the marsh...but the loneliness is so devastating...with compromises so rarely regretted by these hardened souls...the marsh is what it is...
 I loved the symbolism and the poetry and the time it took to develop the characters, but I found myself racing to get to the whodunnit, rather than enjoying the slow poetic journey of Kyas life through her eyes. Had one book been devoted to Kya, and a second to the murder mystery, i would have been better able to enjoy the process and the ending.
 I loved this book. Couldn't put it down. A different time and place in the swamps and marshes. Small town mentality, racism, loneliness, survival, and a mystery.<br/>The writer is a wildlife scientist so she can bring the coastal marshes of North Carolina alive.<br/>One of the best books I've read in a while.
 I finish this book several days ago but cannot get it off my mind. The characters are strong and beautiful and easy to love or hate. The main character evokes a lot of sympathy. I recommend this book to anyone who loves to read. It has a mystery, love and creates an understanding of people in a different culture.
 I didn’t want this book to end! The author left me immersed in a world of swamps that I just didn’t want to get out of. For me personally I enjoyed the story of the main character more than the murder mystery plot, though that did pick my interest too. I recommend this book if you enjoy realistic fiction and mysteries.
 It is difficult at times to read about a 6 year old left alone to feed herself, clothe herself without any help from adults...but this is the story.  The bullying was particularly painful knowing how alone she was. But her resiliency and determination pulls her through with an amazing ending which I did not figure out.....could not put it down.
 Our book club choice was so enthralling that after starting it right before bed, I stayed up until 3 am to finish the book. The ending itself was worth it.
 I liked the respect of nature woven throughout the pages while it tells the story of Kya.  A few sappy parts but overall not so.  I'd re commend reading it.
 Kya shows readers many natural wonders, life and growing up alone and remarkable intelligence. Wonderfully developed story, poetry and words that show her readers joy and beauty when they may have otherwise not seen or felt such moments. Those who seek solitude to energize themselves will find this a rewarding read.
 This book is one of the best reads I've read in years. The book comtained mystery and suspense, as well as a sense of encouragement in overcoming the odds.  Whether the author intended to or not, she wove many life lessons into the story line.<br/>On top of all of that, the reader can tell that the writer is very knowledgeble  about the scientific aspects, as well as the natural beauty of the setting for the book. Characters came alive and one could imagine themselves living in that environment, especially if the reader has ever lived or visited the eastern coastal areas. Glad I read this book and I look forward to reading another book by this author.
 This book captured my heart as I’m sure it would anyone who cares about people. It is painful to realize that meanness and bullying are a daily reality within some people. This book may be a setting unfamiliar to most of us, and some of the science, as old as could ever be, was entirely new to me. The storyline is captivating. Owens’ word are written as descriptively and poetically as any piece of literature could be. I loved this unusual mystery with a finish gentle and powerful at the same time.
 I read so many books, but this one is outstanding. The author's beautiful descriptions of the flora and fauna of marsh and swamp are woven into a story filled with interesting characters. There is lovely poetry scattered through a murder mystery. Yet the story is so much more. The words are to be cherished. It is an amazing book.
 One of the best books I have read in recent history.  Describes the most biased people based on one's apperance &amp; financial standing.  Did follow up with some people being supportive.  The trial was based on so little evidence don't think it would have had a trial in the real world but things were done differently in the "South."
 This book will forever be one of my favorites. As an avid reader, this is no small feat. I cannot remember when I was so enthralled. About halfway through, I slowed my reading, hoping to enjoy every chapter...every word. This book enforces my long-held belief in the beauty of literature. And why I’ll always read read read. A true gem.
 This story not only told the story of the Marsh Girl, but entwined the lives of her family, friends, town folk and the way of the times. A book that I had difficulty putting down, and when I did, my mind continued to run the story. I will most definitely hold this for a time and return to enjoy it again.
 I loved this book. The language is vivid and lush and transports you directly into the story.The protagonist is someone you are desperately rooting for. The book has a slow burn of suspense building up to unexpected moments. I love the beautiful poetry woven within the story and the deeper underlying messages judgement and acceptance. One of the best books I have read in a while.
 This was a terrific book..It was beautifully beautifully written.  It was everything and more than I wanted and/or expected.  It made me smile.  It made me cry.  Loved the addition of the poetry!  This is a MUST READ for anyone who truly enjoys fine writing, a little bit of a love story and a good mystery.
 This novel held me in its embrace the way the marsh holds the protagonist. The characters are true to life, the setting exquisitely &amp; realistically drawn; yet Kya's story has a fairy tale quality to it. Kya's tale takes you to its carefully created other world &amp; keeps you there until the very last page.
 I can't say enough good about this book.  I loved the main character Kya and found myself cheering for her as she dealt with a lifetime of obstacles.  I found myself rooting for her devoted friend Tate and despising the arrogant Chase Andrews.  I was so elated that Kya eventually found the acceptance and happiness she so richly deserved.
 The coastal lowland was a definitive character in this book. Delia Owens breathes life into the marshes and coves and will make you want to drive to the coast and sleep on the beach, "waking to the sea mist on your face".<br/>The story captured me on the first page.  Definitely one I will read again.
 This book is so beautifully written.  A must read.<br/>The story spans from 1952 to 1970  following Kaya Clark between the ages six to twenty five<br/> she grows up alone in a shack in the swamps of North Carolina.<br/>Kya not only finds love and  educates herself but becomes a renowned scientist.
 The one and only criticism of this book- and in this case it’s a minor one- is that part of the story is somewhat predicable. That flaw, however, is overcome by the beautiful, multi-themed story about coming of age, loneliness, acceptance, abandonment and renewal. Your heart will stay with the marsh girl long after you put this book down.
 I loved the book. However, I did not agree with the ending. It made no sense. I don't think the way it played out was realistic at all. It was if the writer had a deadline and the publisher said let's hurry up and get this book to market. Don't let this discourage you from reading this book. It's a great book!  I just didn't care for the ending. I'd go into more detail but I don't want to give anything away.
 I don't usually read mysteries but this one had an interesting premise.  It was good, jumping back and forth between the crime and the lead up.  It occasionally  had too many leaps for me..  some weren't necessary for the story, but it wasn't too hard to follow.  A good read and a pretty good mystery too!
 This story draws the reader in Immediately with the unraveling of a mysterious death on the beach in 1969 and continues its hold on the reader as Kya’s survival experience unfolds. After being abandoned in early 1950s in the North Carolina marshes as a young girl, Kya develops a deep connection with the birds, animals and waterways as she finds a way to survive the elements, including the rejection from the local townspeople.<br/><br/>The author creates a window into life in the 1950s and 60s,  connecting Kya’s present and her past to create a totally satisfying reading experience.
 Disappointed considering all the praise.  It is a beautifully written book no doubt, especially for nature lovers, but the plot itself was frustrating and lacking. And the whole book was utterly depressing.  I think people who like snowflower and the secret fan will like this.  I have friends who love Crawdads, and to each their own. Not for me.
 This was such a beautifully written book, about a broken family, growing up alone, life in a small coastal town in the 60s, with prejudice and cast systems, breaking barriers, and Love.  It was about Wildlife, Nature, Beauty, and Coastal scenes, with a murder mystery that had me guessing through the whole book.
 Such a well-written and refreshing story. Full of surprises. Loved it all. No disappointments. Ending was good closure. Highly recommend. My only issue has to do with Amazon actually. I didn't realize that I would not be able to share this book! It's incredulous that I paid over $13 for the Kindle format and can't share it! That's the beauty of the paper version. The reading continues. You can share with anyone because it belongs to you. I'm not sure I will purchase another Kindle version that is not shareable. I'm not sure how many there are out there because even older, cheaper books that I had previously purchased are not shareable.
 This is an amazing, beautifully written book.  It is enchanting and totally absorbing. I could hardly put it down til the very end.  I could see the marsh smell the air, hear the birds.  You'll be charmed and drawn in by the descriptions of the land and the mystery of murder will leave you breathless!!
 What an utterly amazing story. Through a lifetime of struggle she was so brave and so scared. Life was cruel to her from an ignorant after to everyone around her. Thank the heavens and the tides that she met Tate. Nature healed her tiny child's heart and made her an incredible woman. I want to read it all over again!
 This author has enthralled me with life in the marsh.  I was drawn to "Kya" from the start. Yearning for someone to rescue her and keep her safe, I became more anxious with every betrayal.  I thoroughly enjoyed  this author's style of writing. It is a page turner for sure.  I look forward to her next fiction.
 I was pleasantly surprised just how much I liked this book!!  It was unique in that it told a true story of survival!  We hear so much about people living alone and poor, but this book was reality about a young girl and how she survived rejection and polity on her own!  I think anyone who decides to read this beautiful story will be happy they did!
 The book had many interesting subject matters woven together.  Love, isolation, nature, abandonment, Marsh lands, survival.  I felt like I was a part of the character, understanding her because we all learned about different things in life just like the main characters.  More than just a love story.
 I gave this book a three although I could have given it a two rating.  I found the descriptions of nature and the life found therein fascinating, but I was not so entranced with the characters or the plot.
 I didn't really know what to expect when I started reading this book, but it had good reviews.  Wow, I had never read anything like this before.  It was truly great and amazing as it was a dysfunctional family and turned into something else.  I would recommend this book to anyone who loves grit and mystery.
 Kya is a special heroine,believable most of the time, who catches the imagination and engages the heart, Her story delivers well the value of life on a path of integrity in a world distant from t he ordinary and Speaks to the innate strength that resides within. This is a gripping tale well told.
 A little sad for this to end, but couldn’t put it down. A beautiful book...the descriptions are so well-written and the main character, Kya, was so interesting.<br/><br/>I rarely remember books well after finishing them, but I think this one will stick with me. Can definitely see it being turned into a movie.
 Lovely book with excellent character development of Kya as she grows from a small, neglected child to an amazing woman. As a lover of the low country, I have rarely seen such a vibrant description of the marshes, creeks, and sea. I was sad to finish the book and, although Kya stays in my memory, I miss reading about her.
 This book was very well written about Kya and her life living in the Marsh. I was constantly wanting to continue reading because I was so drawn into this story. I do have to admit that their were years in my eyes towards the end but a book that can bring out your emotions is a well written book.
 This was the selection for my book club. Right from the very beginning I loved the book.  Being a nature person myself I could identify with Kya. Great version of a coming of age story of a lone girl in the wilds of the marsh land. The ending of the story was a surprise but very fitting with the flavor of the tale.
 A good story, but dialogue felt unnatural in many places and holes left predictable ending. A similar but far better read is Claire Fuller’s Endless Summer Days.
 A short, easy read that grabbed me from the very beginning and was difficult to put down. The subject matter as well as the characters interested me immensely. The story flowed beautifully, never an awkward moment. However, some of parts were quite difficult to absorb and painful to imagine. It was a great book. I enjoyed it all the way through to the end.
 This is a pretty unusual story of a child raising herself in a marsh, woven with a murder mystery. I wasn't sure how I was going to feel about the story with the folksy speech as well. I ended up liking it a lot! There is some great description that made me feel like I was actually watching the story.
 I can honestly say this is one of the best books I’ve read in years. The characters were so believable, the storyline was engaging, the author kept you wanting more, and there were unexpected twists. I hope this novel is the first of many for this author.  You will be glad you read this book.
 This book was so well written.  Even though the premise was a bit far fetched, the author was magnificent the way she wove the story.  Her attention to detail was so entertaining.  You could certainly picture Kya, and the marsh and all the natural plants and organisms.  Very well done.  Highly recommend.
 I enjoyed the story line, but didn't care for several explicit sexual descriptions which I considered inappropriate. The descriptions of characters and surroundings were wonderful and interesting. It was amazing how a young child managed to raise herself and provide necessities. There were several interesting twists in the murder investigestion which kept me on the edge of my seat, and I didn't guess the murderer for sure until the book ended.
 Somewhat slow and disappointing halfway through.  It seemed like too many words and not enough story.  An average read but some may like it better than me.
 I’m an old man who prefers suspense, biography and history. I bought this book based on a New York Times review and am so glad I did.  The story is compelling, the characters are superb, and the brilliance of the author is apparent.  The sheer power of this work brought me to tears on more than one occasion.
 I purchased this book for my book club and I really enjoyed it. It was well written and easy to read. Several other members of the book club have finished it and also loved it.  Every once in a while, I found myself saying , this could never have happened, but my friend would say, “it’s fiction”. It was a nice story.
 This is one of the most amazing and unusual books I've read in a very long time. It is very, very well written and it is a great story. I had to force myself to stop reading frequently so that I could enjoy the characters and the story. It's the type of story you wish wouldn't end. I hope Delia Owens plans to continue writing fiction. She is a wonderfully sensitive story teller.
 As a psychiatrist and best selling author, I am astonished and humbled by this elegantly written, and deeply emotionally moving tale. The depth of character development is unparalleled and one is haunted by the simple beauty of its main character - an inner beauty each of us can strive to elicit from deep within ourselves as we read it. One of the ten best novels I’ve ever read.
 I devoured this book after having a friend recommend it to me.  I immediately shared with another friend (an English professor) who also loved it.  It is now in the car being read by a friend who begged me to let her borrow it for her upcoming trip!  It is an amazing and engaging story with characters that leave you haunted by their lives.
 Could not put it down. In depth characters. I was right there learning life along with Kya. My normal weekend activities- pffft. No cooking, no cleaning, no shopping, no movies, no tv. Cups of tea, under a blanket, candle and the best book I’ve read in years. Thank you for a great escape.
 From the beautiful narratives describing the marsh to the well done duel storyline this is an incredible first novel. Just a joy to read!  The way the story moved between the two timelines which then merged to make the final 1/3rd of the book impossible to put down was very well done. This was my choice for our bookclub’s March book. We always vote at the end and it got a 9.5 out of 10, and that doesn’t happen very often. A must read!! We can’t wait to see what Delia Owens writes next!!
 The deep easy way the coast of the Carolinas is described draws this story in living color.  A story of a lonely girl who finds comfort in nature , birds and the water which makes up her life.  Great escape with a few surprising turns.  Sweet, innocent yet knowledgeable.<br/>I want to wonder down by the low country and look for the tiny flowers on the grasses and hunt for feathers and shells.
 This is the best book I have read in several years.  Even though it was fiction, the characters were so full of life, that it easily seemed like a true story.  The heroine, a girl totally deserted by her family, grows into a strong woman, who, amazingly, deals with raising herself and making herself a true scientist of the marsh she lives in.  I know I will want to read this book over and over.
 This book follows the life of an abandoned child forced to grow up alone in the North Carolina marsh country. How she manages to forage for food, cook, and do the things we all take for granted is amazing. I am not used to Delia Owens writing novels...she usually writes true stories about Africa. In this departure to a fictional book, she does a great believable job.
 I was hesitant to pick this one up after reading the description, which does not do the superb storytelling and nature writing justice.  I also had a friend whose reading recommendations I respect tell me she did not like it because she found it "disturbing." I could not put it down after starting it.  It reminded me of the pure reading joy of finding a gem like the Poisonwood Bible.  I hope the author is already working on her next novel!
 I found the story engaging, and the protagonist likable, however, the author flies through the years skipping over many story lines that could have been developed further.  The North Carolina coast and the 1960’s setting will transport you to a simpler time.  This will be enjoyed by many.
 Where the Crawdads Sing was a riveting read. Story of a little girl abandoned by her mother with a alcoholic father eventually left alone in a marshland to fend for herself as a mere child. Kya was able to live, learn, love, and survive in a world despite uppity townsfolk and rejection.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this novel. It's beautiful description of the marsh and it's people. A coming of age novel about a girl who grows up in the marsh. She's beautiful, intelligent, resourceful but lonely. Years later a murder is committed and everyone wonders if the "Marsh Girl" did it.
 This is a different sort of book. There is a murder and a trial but it is not a legal thriller. It is the story of the Marsh Girl who lived in her own in the Marsh since childhood. Her love of nature, resilience, and intelligence make her an interesting character and an engrossing book.
 Being from the Deep South where we actually boil and eat crawfish I was surprised by the context of this book which I thoroughly enjoyed.  The descriptions were so beautifully written, you were able to picture the shell, bird or animal that was being described.  I am sure this girl who grew up to be a talented artist learned so much more from growing up and surviving in the marsh than any city gal could ever hope to learn in a lifetime.  That is also the way it is down here on the bayou in south Louisiana.<br/>Thanks for an enjoyable read..
 One of the best books I have read in a very long time!  I don't write good book reviews as I'm afraid of giving too much detail but all I can say is this book is about so much, so many life things and it touched my heart in many ways.  How a very young girl goes through incredible heartbreak so many times.  The reader prays for her safety yet wondering what in the world will happen to her.  Don't pass this one up!
 It's is a girl that pretty much raises herself alone in the wilderness of marshland in North Carolina. It is, to me, a stretch to believe that a 7 or 8 year old could raise herself alone. Nevertheless, the story was good, even if the final, final ending was also unrealistic as proven in court.
 I truly enjoyed this book.  It is the story of a child that overcame domestic violence, an alcoholic father and a community that discriminated against her.  In spite of all these obstacles, the main character was able to become a famous botanist.  As she matured, she was able to understand why her mother may have abandoned her.  An exceptional young man was able to accept her for whom she was and she was able to experience being loved.  There is a surprise ending that allows the reader to appreciate the strength of this young girl one last time as she refused to be bullied and victimized.
 I felt as though I met and befriended Kya, the main character. The weaving of the story and characters is seamless and at each turn in the marshland I was pulled further in to her life of solitude and creativity. If this is a “first” novel, the bar has been set high. Thank you Delia Owens for a very fine book.
 "Where the Crawdads Sing" is about living, no matter the torment of utter abandonment, the impossibility of survival,  including doing what you have to do to fare, and it's about love, compassion, and perseverance. It's also about observing and learning life lessons, from fireflies, seagulls, and Barely Pink fingernail polish.
 This book is now my very favorite book.  I read in on my Kindle and then ordered a hard copy so I could share it with friends.  Everyone I lent it to has absolutely loved it.  It was so well-written from beginning to end..  I have read many books where the author seems not to have known how to end the story.  I think the ending of "Where the Crawdads Sing" was outstanding.
 You asked if "Where the Crawdads Sing" met my expectations.  This wonderful book more than met my expectations.  At first, I was not sure if I liked the subject matter, but once I started reading, I could not stop.  Bravo to "Where the Crawdads Sing" which is one of my favorite books of 2018.
 I am drawn to murder mysteries, spy novels and some historical stuff. Since most of what I read is male oriented I don 't read many female authors. This however, is a mystery, coming of age, and just a damn good read with something for male and female as well as mystery and intrigue.
 My book club selected this book for our selection of the month.  This was one of the best books I have read...a combination of well written literature describing nature and unfolding a heart warming story and murder mystery in the mix as well.  Cannot recommend too highly.  Fans of Barbara Kingsolver will love the prose.
 Perfect combination of scientific learning, compelling relationships, gripping mystery and raw humanity.  I love when a book teaches about an ecosystem I am unfamiliar with using colorful and descriptive word pictures.  The main character is easy to love.  I spent the whole book rooting for her.
 I loved the story!! For the most part , I felt it was beautifully written.  I really would take 1/2 of a star off, though, because I was a little disappointed with the ending. I felt that the conclusion didn't have the same quality as the rest of the book. For me, it felt as if the author was getting bored and wanted to hurry the ending. I don't feel that it was well thought out even though theories during the trial gave answers to how the murder was done. Otherwise, I LOVED the story. Just my opinion.
 I selected thus book based on Amazon's recommendation and its reader reviews. Hands down, it's one of the two best books I've read this year, the other being Kristin Hannah's The Great Alone. DO YOURSELF A FAVOR &amp; READ THIS BOOK!  I will give this book to several friends as a gift. It is, a reader's gift.
 I read this book based on a recommendation on Reese Witherspoon's book club website.  I have never read a book like this. The beautiful descriptions and very interesting story combined to make a book that I did not want to put down.  The author has a rare talent and I hope she writes more fiction books soon.
 Delia Owens' tale was real in my mind. I could hardly put the book down. There is a great mystery, along with the details of the nature of her life in the marsh. Near the end of the book, I had at least two outcomes of the mystery in mind and was tempted to jump ahead to find out if I was right. I had to force myself to wait and read the story in its sequence. I am so glad I did! Please, dear readers, stick with the story and do not jump ahead! It would have spoiled part of it for me. I highly recommend this book.
 Absolutely the best novel I have ever read. The author had me right there in the setting. By the time I got to Chapter 42, I felt like Kya was someone whom I wished I could have come alongside. I have already purchased several copies for people that I know will love this book. Thank you, Delia Owens for such a moving story and visceral experience.
 It has been a long time since I have read a story so compelling and heartfelt as "Where the Crawdads Sing." The descriptions read like poetry and, having grown up in the lowcountry of South Carolina, I could feel the spray on my face, and smell the salt air and low tide as I read Ms. Owens' beautiful prose. This was a journey I will long remember.
 I loved this book for two/three reasons: The storyline was different from anything I've read, and I read a lot; and the characters and developing plot were absolutely fabulous. The sense of place was written effectively and realistically, the movement in the novel was fluid; very little down time. There were a few sections that could have been synced tighter, and the reason for the tragedy/ending wasn't conveyed well. Maybe I missed something. But I enjoyed the read immensely.
 I loved the character development for Kaya and could feel her emotional struggle with loneliness, looking for acceptance and hurt by rejection. Her isolation was painful. The courtroom drama was especially engaging. I loved the ending of the book. She did get her revenge after all!
 Wow! What a beautiful, extraordinary book.  It is hard to believe this is the author’s first novel.  Her words had me in the Carolina Marsh, in another world, in a world where fireflies fly and crawdads sing. The story of Kya, the Marsh Girl, made my heart ache. By far, the best book I’ve read this year.
 I read 30-35 books each year. Where The Crawdads Sing is the best book I have read in 5-6 years.  It's about growing in a small coastal town in North Carolina.  It has love and hate, people eating grits, friendly gulls, extraordinary feathers, fastinating biological discussions of things in the coastal marsh, and some intrigue.  It's characters come alive and become your friends and your enemies. I will never forget Kya and Jumpin. I think it's a John Steinbeck level read.
 This novel is extremely well written! Each paragraph is so descriptive thst you can feel each and every emotion that Marsh Girl feels. Both my husband and I had difficulty putting the book down. I rarely give a book 5 stars, but I can honestly say that I would give it more than 5 if possible.
 My imagination screamed at the abandonment, my soul cheered and my heart beat faster as she sat being judged by her unequal accusers - all quelled by her determined dignity and self reliance. Rarely, so very rarely are we treated to such enrapturing prose and story, and a heroine so unassuming, yet so wonderfully dignified. Deserving of every praise so far bestowed, and the many more to come from every lucky reader.<br/>Thankyou, so very much.
 I wasn't sure about this book  in the beginning but I quickly discovered that it was going to shoot to my top 10 list!!  Character development was spectacular and relatable.  The dialect was so fun to read and really painted a great picture.  I would absolutely recommend this book to anyone looking for a great read!!
 If I could give it a 10 I would. I recommended this book to my book club and we all loved it. Even though this is  her first book, it is a must-read.  You won’t be able to put it down. Full of wonderful adjectives and mystery.  You’ll fall in love with this book. Don’t miss reading it!
 This is a story of what deprivation and loneliness can do to a young child. It's also a story about human resilience, courage, and the ability to rise above life's terrible tragedies. All of this is wrapped in a murder mystery which is woven throughout the book.  The main character, Kya, is unusual and compelling and although her life is heartbreaking at times, her spirit is unbreakable,  This is one of the best books I've read in a long time.
 This was my kind of book by the description and I couldn't wait to read it.  I loved every single word of it until about 90% of the way through the book and then the author blew it.  The final 10% was expected, wrapped up abruptly and got sent to the publisher.  Such a shame....
 There probably isn't much I can add that hasn't already been said.  It was a good story and an easy read.  It was also brought to a satisfactory ending.   My pet peeve is a good book with a bad ending.]  It lost one star because of the introduction of the poetry.  Although the poetry was a valid part of the story, it just lost me.  With the exception of the last poem, I just skipped over them.
 This book start with an incident in 1969 go back to 1952 and works it was up to 1969 1970,  zeroing into the main character,  incorporating wild life in the marsh, occasionally a little poem, all working very well together, hated to see it end, one of the best book ever.  ENJOY
 I have never read a book like this, and likely never will again. Stunning and memorable! Delia Owens' writing is not only beautiful, but it makes you FEEL. You feel Kya's every emotion, but most of all you feel her loneliness. Though there were sections of the book where she lost me, I thought the ending was satisfying and brought it all together. Highly recommended.
 A great story of survival and nature. Many twists and turns of a young girl left to survive after her mom and then her brothers and sisters leave to escape their brutal father. Finally her father doesn’t return and she is the only one left in a run down shack in the swamps where she bonds with nature. Wonderful story.
 This book is full of nature and emotion. The beauty and wonders of nature are expressed so vividly, you feel you are living it. The emotions of loneliness and despair pull you to feel into your heart and offer love and compassion to this child. The book ended in the only way it possibly could.
 This story precipitates every emotion in the human lexicon.I laughed, cried, got angry at the way people treated blacks and swamp folks.  I admired the courage of this child in fending for herself  in the most horrendous circumstances.  I had a hard time putting the book down.
 Not at all what I expected.  Author does a splendid job drawing the reader into the protagonist's life.  You learn what is needed to defend yourself when the only thing you can trust is the natural world that surrounds you - certainly not the townspeople or family whose interests are only in themselves.  Once you are hooked in defending this young girl and the life she lives, the author hits you with a most unsuspecting ending.
 Being and English major and English teacher for 36 years, I have read a lot of work. This is one of the finest. Evocative mental pictures, rich and intense characters-and I'm at 20%. I have already gotten pretty damn teary eyed with Kya's plight, and I'm a guy. Wow! Just Wow!
 This is a great book  i enjoyed each character as they developed and grew  it is so moving in places  i see myself in some of the town's people and then again in main character  the last chapters are unexpected and wonderful!  Worth your time and money  will suggest strongly to my book club
 I just finished this book and I feel such a sense of loss that I'm done! I usually buy books and donate them to our library but this one I will share with friends and then bring back home to read again and again. The writing is beautiful , the story is so touching with twists and turns some expected some not so much. This is only the second time I have ever written a review but this book deserves to be highly recommended.
 This story was a lovely example of how we humans preserve , but fail protect someone who is not just like us!  Loved the dialect and how it changed when she became more educated. Fabulous character/nature comparisons and description. Read it in 2 days so stick with it through the tough dialect  it is so worth jt!!
 I bought this because it was being praised constantly, so I wanted to find out for myself. It took me some time to get through it, but not for a lack of trying. It was a beautiful, haunting, heartbreaking, and well-written novel that definitely was worth the read and the the praise heaped upon it! I highly recommend it!
 This is one of the best books I’ve read in years and I read every day. It’s heartbreaking, but beautiful. A girl who overcomes all obstacles to not only reach beyond everyone’s expectations but in the end proves herself far superior to the simple mindedness of the whole town.
 This is one of the most beautifully written books I have read in a very long time.  The characters are complex and real.  The plot is compelling - I didn't want to put it down.  I am overwhelmed at the beauty and complexity.  I wish more writers were this interesting and exciting in their story telling!
 The writing and imagery of life in the marsh as a lonely girl truly draws the reader in to Kya’s world. Kya may have been lonely for her Ma and other human interaction but her life with the seagulls, flora, and other fauna of the marsh was more full than most people’s lives. After she is taught to read she becomes a master at her craft of collecting. Add in some love and murder drama and the story jumps into your heart to remain there and be digested over and over again.
 The feeling I got with this book is the same feeling I get when reading anything sci-fi.  Highly skeptical, even though it’s fiction. The background noise was more interesting to me than the main character.  It’s ok but just that.
 As I sit ....reader still in hand (almost sorry it's not an actual book) To hold and enjoy the scent of wondrous pages, tears stream down my face, not for the first time since wandering into the life of Kya Clark.....I looked at the sample of Where the Crawdads Sing for weeks until I finally gave it a go ...... I'm so glad I got  to savour this life in the marsh ......
 A wonderful book with a beautiful story of nature. The characters were completely engrossing and the extraordinary descriptions of the Carolina swamps and wildlife were breathtaking. The ending had a bit of a surprise but flowed effortlessly with the story. I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 Twists and turns and strong, interesting characters found me rooting for the self-sufficient heroine and becoming absorbed in the lessons the marsh taught her.  Perhaps the laws of nature are still more just than the laws of man.  Decide for yourself, but enjoy the journey!
 This is a really enchanting story.  Plays like a movie- a haunting murder mystery.  Easy to read.  Not predictable. Lovely.
 Very interesting drama/thriller in a setting most people will find fascinating and new. Very well written and keeps your interested and guessing throughout the book. Must read, a great combination of drama with the shadow of a murder keeping your eager until the last pages.
 As most other reviewers said, they couldn't put it down. Like the others, I loved this book. The writing and story were both heartfelt, sad but beautiful. I have a ton of praise for the author. If you like Connie May Fowler (Before Women had Wings), you will love this book.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is one of the best books I have ever read - could not put it down until the last word was read. Delia Owens descriptive writing made it seem as though I were watching a movie - I could see every detail of a feather or shell. And what a twist at the end!! A book chosen by our book club, I have recommended it far and wide to friends and family!
 I related to this book in so many ways. Although alone, I found Kya’s life to be envied not strange.  She was strong to live a life at such a young age by herself.  In the end to be one with nature and everything around her in the Marsh, amazing!  Loved the writing. I didn’t want this novel to end.
 I had no idea what I was getting in to when I purchased this book.  I love this book, and purchased it on my tablet.  I enjoyed it so much I bought the hard copy to share and just have.  It took me to a different place.  I love the characters in the book and relationships.  I love the use of nature in the book.  The story is just a beautiful and I could not stop reading, not to mention being caught off guard in the end of the book.  I couldn't stop talking about this book, and is the first book I recommend to people.
 ... I loved this book.  I was pretty mesmerized by the story of Marsh Girl and its setting so beautifully described. Like others, when I finished and closed the book, it did not immediately leave my mind.  Just a great book. One I will definitely be recommending to my book loving friends,
 Beautifully written story with characters (esp the protagonist, Kya) that emerged from the pages with 3 dimensional scope, humanity and full voices.  Descriptions of nature and the overall landscape, as well as the narrative were all outstanding, as was the general story and the novel's structure (combining flashbacks with chronological events).  I also enjoyed the interspersed poetic verses the author used to build the characters.
 I could not put this book down! I usually prefer audio books, but this one was so riveting. Beautifully  written and I could imagine myself lying on the beach and breathing in this lovely salt air. Who would have known that a marsh could be beautiful? I guess only Kya.
 I loved this book and it should be made into a movie. Loved the location of the marsh in North Carolina. The story of Kya was so believable and my heart ached for her during her early childhood. Her strong will and desire to survive and climb out of poverty and educating herself was amazing. The end of the book had a great surprise. I just loved every minute of this book.
 Just LOVED this book! The writing and character development was superb. The twists and turns of the story made me not want to put it down. I liked the switching from current time to past. It told of he human condition and how fragile people are and how resilient. Just beautiful!
 Loved this book. Didn't want to put it down. I read a lot of books and Where the Crawdads Sing has been added to my all time favorites list. Delia Owens takes the time to develop her characters and deepen plot line so that the reader feels she/he is right there with them. The poetry is a masterful way to carry the plot to a surprising end.
 I give very few 5 star ratings because I feel there's always room for improvement. But this book has it all. It's one of the best I've read in along time. Don't miss out! This definitely a must read. I have nothing bad to say about this book. I couldn't put it down. I devoured it in one setting. I will definitely keep looking for this author. Keep them coming. Thank you.
 Words Fail me to encapsulate or describe the power of the prose, the joy of the reading, and the emotion engendered.  Simply put, as fine a book of fiction as I have ever read.  It is stunning to think that this is Ms. Owens first book of fiction ... I pray for more.
 Now my favorite novels list has a new name added Where the Crawdads Sing. A wonderful read each page important each chapter a journey to a beautiful conclusion. Loved the descriptions of marsh life the insects especially the Dragonflies, all of it. Just read it find the story like so many have.
 Lyrical story about an independent free-spirited girl growing up in the Carolina swamps. Part love story, nature tour and murder mystery. The mystery is the weakest element. But the descriptions of the swamp, it’s plants and wildlife are fascinating and the main characters wonderfully drawn.
 Could not put it down! While the author does write a little more flowery than I like I did enjoy this book from start to finish. There is a little bit of mystery to this book that keeps you turning the page. The MC is interesting to read about, I wanted to know more.
 I have never read a book like this!!! The story was NOT predictable. Excellent story line. Kay will touch your heart. The descriptions of the marsh are completely incredible!!! I love the poetry that is interwoven into this novel.<br/>This story will haunt me for a lifetime.
 This book is wonderful!  I will compare it to To Kill A Mockingbird. It's the best book I have read in a long time! I couldn't put it down!
 I’m sad it’s finished! The author does a fantastic job of creating a picture in the reader’s mind... She painted the marsh with beautiful colors, creatures, and people. I felt an attachment to Kya from the very beginning. She is a strong character, who starts off appearing innocent and naive, and small. As the story unfolds, kya becomes anything BUT that. Everyone in town thought she was strange and withdrawn, but little did they know THEY were the ones missing out, not seeing the beauty of independence and nature. I am so happy that kya found a happy ending. Loved the mystery and twist in this novel. You must read until the end!
 I started reading this book as the first in a new book club. Upon first glance it was not in my genre so I thought I would have difficulty engaging. I was wrong. This book pulled me in and disrupted my Sunday. Yes, just my Sunday because I read it in one day (more like bits and pieces of a day). This is an amazing book, expertly written. The detail of her writing made it easy to visualize the scenes. Excellent!!
 I loved this book. Kya's  love of nature was astounding.  I hated for the story to end. It is so well written and in such great detail. It is a love story of a young girl and her surrondings. It was also sad about her raising herself. A must read for anyone who loves nature and a heart warning take of life.
 I don’t know if I really like this book.<br/>It is one of the few that will never be forgotten.<br/>It is well written one of the best I have ever read hard to believe it is this authors first time to be published.<br/>It is not a feel good book. It’s about a different life.<br/>I can recommend this book.
 This book was recommended to me by a friend and I was highly skeptical, I think, because of the title. I was in for a pleasant surprise! The plot was engaging, characters were well defined and the storyline spellbinding. I literally could not put this book down until I finished it. Please, Delia Owens, write another one soon!
 Loved this novel and could not put it down.  I know some people like to read the endings first, however, do yourself a favor and don't do that with this novel.  It is a marvelous first novel.  Kya will capture your heart and mind in every way.<br/>Excellent read.
 The writing was very good, very evocative, but the plot seemed derivative of other romantic mysteries about young women with adverse circumstances. Can’t go into detail without spoilers, but I was disappointed about halfway through the book and skipped to the end.
 I thank Reese Witherspoon, Thanks. This is the best I have read in awhile. I was so intrigued, with what will happen next. I surprised myself, I was so excited with the descriptions of the marsh and the wildlife. This is a beautiful story, I didn’t want it to end.
 Though profoundly sad, this book takes you through every emotion as you read Kyas story. I like that it starts out with her being a child but then you read about her life up until she's in her 20's. It had some interesting plot twists and I never would have guessed the ending. I will be recommending this book to everyone from here on out. ☺📚
 I don't want to give spoilers, but I thought the ending was way too rushed.  A murder mystery where you don't even find out how the murder was done is not very fulfilling.  Lots of great quotes and a cozy, quick read that tugs at the heart strings, but I can't help but see so much unfulfilled potential.
 I loved this book.  It was a book that drew me in and I finished it in two seatings. The character development was so believeable and her writing style is intriguing.  Best book I have read in a while. Now one of my top 5 books.<br/>Highly recommend.  Will be giving as a gift to several friends.
 Amazing, what a terrific story, will stay with me always.  Many parts of the story touched my soul deeply, my own story softly reflected:  Love of nature, love of science, abandonment, isolation, loneliness, strength others don't understand or know, being different from the masses.....Acceptance and peace.<br/>Thank you for this story.  Thank you for the book recommendation Reece!
 Character development keeps you engrossed.  Heartbreaking  view of  lack of  child protection  laws (being enforced)  in the  40's and 50's that  led to a 6 year old  surviving  alone  for years.  Stark view of  commonplace racial discrimination. Surprise ending.
 Not since Pat Conroy have I read an author who uses words so beautifully as does Delia Owens in “Where the Crawdads Sing”.  She is an artist who paints pictures in one’s mind with her words.  Kya is a unique, fascinating main character.  She manages to survive a life where she is forced to grow up on her own, truly Mother Nature’s child. Her story is compelling and told so beautifully, I’ll likely read it again. I recommend this book to all people who truly love interesting characters, excellent stories and beautiful writing.
 I have never taken the time to write a review, but how can I not?!  I loved this book! I read and listened almost nonstop. I couldn’t put it down and when I did I longed to get back to it. The writing was so immersive. I felt like I was there smelling the smells, feeling the textures, hearing the sounds. This will become one of my all time favorites!
 This was a quick and interesting read. A study of human nature, endurance, love and survival. Well written and believable. I’m curious how my other book club members felt about the various characters as I made certain attachments and aversions during my reading.
 Abandoned by family members, Kya becomes self reliant but vulnerable. She loves as wisely as she knows how, but is scorned by the townspeople. No spoilers here, but plot turns twist unexpectedly.<br/>Romantic but not sappy. Offers insights into marshes, swamps and human behavior.
 I rarely write book reviews, but this one deserves an excellent review!!  This book has it all!  I loved it from beginning to end and couldn't put it down!  It addresses love, death, hurt, hope, abandonment, prejudice, friendship, relationships, perseverance, courtroom drama, intrigue, nature, survival, poems and true emotions!  I truly cared about the characters and enjoyed reading about their lives and connections with one another.  I read a lot of books and this book is one of my favorite books ever!  I hope Delia Owens plans on writing another novel because I can't wait to read it!
 I enjoyed this book and the characters the author created. I felt Kya’s character could have been developed a bit more. I also enjoyed hearing about the North Carolina swamplands, waterways and wildlife. I felt like it got a little long on description especially around a hundred pages in and to the middle of the book. It was a good vacation read as it was easy to pick back up where I would leave off. I would recommend it to a friend.
 I found this book totally engrossing.  After finishing it I suggested to my wife that this is one book she should read, she did and before long our entire circle of friends had read it.  I listened to it on tape and both the narrator and story were wonderful.
 Absolutely one of the Best Books I have ever read.  The writing is Lovely, the story line interesting and the ending quite clever.  I would recommend this book to anyone and everybody.  Good vacation read, good book group read, quite simply just a Good Read.
 I usually don't like such detailed descriptions, flowery writing; however, in this book I felt like I could picture the marsh, Jumpin's dock, the small grocery and the ridicule that Kya endured.  The town, the shack all of it came to life by the descriptive writing style of Delia Owens. Great read.
 This prose is excellent.  Every human emotion from pity to any is invoked in the story.  I literally cried towards the end which is quite unusual.  Definitely not a waste of time.  Read this book.  I think that you will enjoy it.  My biggest problem was that it ended.
 An amazing and impactful book.  The description of life in the south fills the mind with all kinds of images of how it must have been, living in that era.  No wonder it is a number one best seller on the NYT Best sellers list.  One of the best books I have read in quite awhile.
 This normally isn't my preferred type of reading, but the author captured and held my attention from the beginning.  As I got deeper into the book, I realized she had touched my emotions, and the end of the book (without giving anything away) is unexpected and excellent.
 I really enjoyed  the book and couldn’t put it down. I loved how the author alternated plots between a murder and the life of Tara, the main character. The reader got to know so mainly characters and it was an easy to follow throughout yet it held many surprises.  The book deals with prejudice and the huge divide between the struggling poor and how others in a small town judge them without knowing them.
 What can I say but that this book is outstanding!  It seemed slow in the beginning, but wow, once I was able to really get into it I couldn’t stop reading it, and the ending was kind of a surprise, but not.  LOL, you’ll understand when you read it, and you must read it!!!
 While I paid for a new, he recovered book, I received one that looked like it could be used or was stored very haphazardly.  I could never have given this as a gift (and lucky for me, that wasn't my intent.)  I am disappointed, though; Amazon usually dies much better.
 A Heart wrenching story that will keep you on the edge of your seat! “Where the Crawdads Sing” navigates through its chapters, morphing from love story to suspense thriller and back again. A tale of a young girl fighting to hold on to what is most important to her...home and companionship.
 A story about a woman who is abandoned everyone and raised from childhood to adulthood . The story start off in the 1950s in an marsh shack in North Carolina . She's known as an oddity and treated as such. But she educates herself and makes a life herself.
 I found this book slow at first and a little wordy at times. That being said the human spirit that comes through is amazing. The portrayal of this young girl and her strengths make the story very worthwhile. I think we as a people tend to forget what we are capable of if we are left on our own to figure things out.
 The characters where outstanding—from Kya all the way down to the grocery clerk.  The marshes and the lifestyle were a huge part of the story.  This book was absolutely outstanding.  It’s right up there with “ The Help”.  One of those books you just don’t want to end...and yet when it ended, I was shocked!
 I'm not one to provide reviews for books.  But this one was the most heart wrenching, uplifting, amazing story I've read in a long time.  Real page turner.  I couldn't put it down, and kept finding myself sitting and reading, while all else fell away.  I highly recommend it.
 What a story.  Informative and at the same time sad, and heartbreaking. Kya had no choice if she was to survive her life.<br/>Being different is no reason for  people being cruel to one another.  Circumstances beyond her control made her strong enough to become  a person who feared love and wanted love and found guarded love.
 I loved this book.  The premise is so forlorn and the journey so arduous and there are many questions one has along the way, but in the end it doesn't matter.  You love the Marsh Girl, you admire her courage, live through her challenges and have your heart broken along with hers.  A really good read.
 Slow start and then cared about the characters and their story. Was horrified at how a community can ignore a child and find absolution in their stereotypes. The characters behavior for their life experience. There were surprising heroes the out the book. Compelling, thought provoking and free me in.
 As an avid reader at times it is so hard to find a good book.This is by far the best book I've read in years.<br/>I go through stages of reading all types of books and rarely read books by female authors.I know ,I know.<br/>I am so glad I picked this one.Wonderfully written with a lot of information on marshes, animals ,insects,etc without<br/>taking away from a wonderful story.Highly recommended!!
 It's not often that I read a "best seller" and agree that the book is deserving of the ranking.  This is a definite must read on many levels:  the prose is wonderful and descriptive, there is a rich development of the characters, the plots are well thought out and gripping, and there is much to learn from the author.  A very memorable book.
 Orphan story, love story, murder mystery, court room drama, and nature. As a professional aquatic biologist for over 30 years, I can tell you she gets it right. Her experience of looking through a microscope the first time was the same as mine - "Like seeing stars for the first time."
 The book reminded me of Leaves of Grass by Marjory Stoneman Douglas.  One had a strong sense of the life in the swamp and the beauty of it. The swamp elements became Kya's "family".  As the plot developed, the writing still had the rhythm of the swamp.  Great story!
 Looking for good book for reading  book club. Not general enough for recent environmental description.  Maybe poor timing on my part ,"Florence" storm was occurring while I read this book.
 This story was so very good that I will probably read it again. The writer has such a way with words.  Sex is left to the imagination and very occasionally a cuss word. I felt like I was in the Deep South. Wonderful, wonderful story and beautifully written.
 I've never read anything quite like "Where the Crawdads Sing". I was fascinated and completely drawn in. Kya is such a believable,  sympathetic main character, and all the characters evoked strong emotions.  The setting was breath-taking. I hope the author returns to fiction soon!
 What a powerful and inspiring story.  I’ve heard of overcoming odds, but this one is beyond even that.  This story had an almost “Blue Lagoon” vibe in the fact that it involves a self raised girl...and I mean girl...age 7!  Very emotional and emotionally charged story.  On my forever reread list!
 Excellent first half but it got bogged down in the trial. Another issue: Owens tells what happens  to all the family they lived in the shack except for the two sisters; why ?<br/>The ending - though initially quite amazing to read  - was hardly believabl;  it didn’t compute if you thought through the logisticsinvolved in such  a time sensitive matter. However, the way the author worked in the poem about the firefly, explaining the reasons behind her heroine’s actions, was a masterful stroke.
 This book is in a league with the best books I have ever read.  It has everything I love in a good book.  I hope it becomes a movie although it would be a feat to recreate in cinema what this author has done in print.  It is a beautiful book.  5 stars!
 There’s a reason why it’s been on the best seller list for 3-months~ it’s a heart-warming story that I will never forget. “A wild child’s isolated, dirt-poor upbringing in a Southern coastal wilderness fails to shield her from heartbreak or an accusation of murder.”
 Wow, this family struggled  The father had such a terrible impact on his wife and children. It is really a story of survival under the worst of conditions. How one little ten year old child survived on her own in a shack and managed to survive.  Very good book
 Delia Owens writing is mesmerizing. Her wording, phrases and sweeping descriptions built images of the setting and her characters. I did not like to be away from the book too long, as I missed Kya. I felt like I was in the setting, watching the Kya survive within her world and the world of her town. The characters, the problems, the role of the setting..all entice and enthrall the reader. Readers will develop a sense of Owen's commitment to her art, commitment to her characters, and her witness her vast knowledge and love of nature.
 Wow, one of my all time favorites. Beautiful prose.  I loved the imagery of the coastal Carolina marshes. The unlikely story of a child surviving in the marsh was so well written, that I had to accept it. Cant say much more. It was a mystery? A love story. A crime story. Read it.
 Where the Crawdad Sings was an entertaining, fun read.  It took awhile for me to be "hooked", but then I couldn't put it down.  Great story- would highly  recommend.  The character development was outstanding, and the story was compelling.  The ending was a big surprise!
 I am having book club in March.  I purchased this and so far I am really enjoying it!  A story of a little girl growing up basically on her own in the marshes on the outerbanks of NC.  It will bring a lot of discussion at book club.  What a survivor.
 every line a poem, this book speaks deeply to the connections between humans and their environments and to the self-imposed disconnections that threaten us all. Profoundly moving for a murder mystery, it transcends genre in its complexity and nuance.
 This was an excellent book. Kya was exceptional in every way. Did not want the book to end. Cryed when it was over. I will be the first one in line when it becomes a motion picture. Will definitely recommend it . Won’t be forgetting it any time soon.
 This book had everything.  It had a great plot and characters that you care about, and I wanted to keep going back to read.  It's so well written.  Best book I've read since Beneath a Scarlet Sky.  So that boils down to best book in about a year.  I don't give 5 star ratings very often.
 Well written to the point you feel as though you are walking in the shadow of the characters.  Passages I read caused me to lay the book  down in my lap to pause and experience the feelings as though they were my own.  It's a lovely story.  It would be interesting to see if this is a movie one day.
 This is, without a doubt, the best book of the year.  Written with a perspective of the author's own lonely time, this is a novel that sings to you. The story is lovely but the the writing and the descriptions- amazing. Just a lovely lovely book.
 Where the Crawdads Sing was, for me, a pleasant read—not a page-turner and without any clever twists, but the plot was well-constructed and IMHO well-written. It's a better than average book. Not one that I would read a second time but was enjoyable.
 I can't say enough about this book.  It truly was the best book I have read all year and I read quite a bit.  It's one of those books where you think to yourself how did the author come up with such an imaginative piece?  Please read it.  You won't be disappointed.
 I love the concept and the characters, however, I struggled at times to enjoy the writing-moments of elegant prose bumped up against badly formed sentences. Having said that, it's overall a beautiful look at the landscape of the north Carolina coast.
 This book kept it interesting for the most part but was at times slow.  I was always expecting the big twist that never really came.  The speech patterns are a little much and while I'm from nc, I've never once met anyone who sounds remotely like that.
 I finished this book six weeks ago, and find myself still thinking about the characters. This novel draws you in immediately and never lets you go! A great combination of mystery, romance, familial relationships, and touching descriptions of the natural world.
 This author is not Barbara Kingsolver, nor should she be compared to her, at least not at this point. Their themes are similar in that the main character relates very strongly to nature and her place. The poetry was not handled well and didn't add to the work. Some of the plotting was just a little too convenient for moving the story forward. Nonetheless, I did finish the book, probably because I liked the main character and do enjoy the nature theme.
 Jumping right into this story and the lives it unfolds is as easy as appreciating a summer evening breeze. I wanted to be her; Living her life as one with nature. I wouldn't have changed a thing, except the chance to read it from start to end in one afternoon near the water. An excellent book.
 Excellent book. I enjoyed the read. Some have likened Owen's writing to that of Barbara Kingsolver and I think that is a fair comparison. This book flowed well and I liked its twists and turns. I would recommend it. The characters were well developed and believable.
 This is the best book I have read in a long time.  I think  i will always remember certain aspects of how the book touched my heart and soul.  The setting is somewhat close to where i live so it seemed like coastal areas i could identify with. There is much to be learned from the story about loneliness,  cruelty of humans to one another,  overcoming the odds,  success and love!  What a wonderful story. I read the book in less than 24 hours because i couldnt  put it down!  I am buying this as a gift in a hard back for Christmas.  Thanks to the author!
 This is the best book I've read in many years, and I read about 5 books a week. I didn't want to put it down. The author's descriptions of characters were so well drawn I feel I knew these people, and the landscape descriptions were beautiful. Do not miss this book. I can't wait for this author's next one.
 Never has a book more quickly and completely absorbed me. Such lucid storytelling, so eloquently descriptive, such masterful character development, and such a great story. The plot is woven perfectly, and the emotions that the book stirs in the reader are powerful. This book is virtually perfectly written.
 Excellent read - well-paced with excellent technique of alternating between the past and present, building up to the inevitable timeline merge. Descriptions of nature sometimes got a little long in the tooth, but great characters in an intriguing setting. Well worth the read.
 I didn't know much about marshlands and found the author's knowledge and details fascinating.  That made for a more realistic story as well.  There were enough twists and turns to keep me interested all the way through. Even though you might guess the end, you are never quite certain until the end.  Very well written!
 When I first started reading this book, I wasn’t sure Iit was going to keep my interest because they were discriminated everything with so much detail. I stuck with it &amp; was glad I did, the details played a big part in the story. The year also moves forward &amp; backwards thought out the book &amp; then finally catches up. They do tell you the year at the beginning of each chapter which helps not to get confused. By the time I got to the end I didn’t want it to be over. It’s an amazing story of a girl growing up in the marsh &amp; surviving, dealing with love, hate, &amp; lots in between.
 This has joined the ranks of one of my all-time favorites.  I found myself constantly re-reading her prose.  Additionally, it was a great story with good character development.  A story that stays with you long after you have finished reading it.
 I thoroughly enjoyed everything about this book. It was both relaxing and engrossing, different than the books I usually tend to read, but refreshing and unique.
 This book grabbed me right from the beginning.  A mother leaving her child and the child knows it!!  But like marsh life, it sucks you in and envelops you.  Wonderful story and an amazing ending.  Will even investigate this author’s nonfiction books now.
 Author did a good job of character development and the historical prospective of the family and members of the community. Perfect descriptions of the marsh and the life within that system. Good example of how a person develops their sense of consecutiveness and how without that support from family the main character utilizes her knowledge of the environment to take care of a problem and outwit those who accuse her.
 Best book I’ve read sense the Outlander Series. I loved the characters especially Mable, Jumpin, and Tate. What wasn’t to love about Tate and Kya. Her simplicity was beautiful. This book had it all mystery, suspense, and romance. Highly recommended...
 A child was left alone in a shack in the marsh to fend for herself.<br/>She made her own way in this story you don’t want to miss or put down once you begin.  The cruelty and kindness of others  is poignantly portrayed in the individuals little Kya comes across trying to survive on her own.
 I couldn't put this book down.  In the beginning, I want sure I would like it.  It didn't take long to get hooked.  I love nature, which is a huge part of this book.  It's about a young girl who loves in a marsh.  She lives a life of solitude.
 Lovely story of growing up, finding yourself, finding love, murder! The ties to nature were not over done but really special. Makes me want to get in a boat and navigate through the estuaries. Beautifully done. Hope this is just the first of many of her novels. Side note: I've never not enjoyed a book from Reeses book club, keep them coming girlfriend!!
 This book was amazing and gets to the core of being a young woman and all of the emotions associated.  Even if you do not have a life like the main character, you can relate on some level.  Used this for my book club of 20 ladies and it was a hit!
 This is a fantastic book, first work of fiction or not!  Ms. Owens blends nature and the marshes of our southeast with a fine hand, taking us there.  And all the while keeping the murder mystery churning in the background.  This is an artful work.  Please, Ms. Owens, write more fiction!
 This is a great story about love, loss and survival.  It would make a great movie!! I grew to appreciate Kya’s in depth love for her marsh.  And yet cannot fathom the loneliness this child, woman must have felt. Would it drive you to do something crazy??
 Delia Owens amazing writing paints a detailed picture while telling such a emotional story that draws you in wanting so much more.  I could visualize the marsh and the shack as if I was there. I couldn’t put the book down.  I can’t wait for her next novel.
 Set in the coastal marsh area of North Carolina, this story is about a very young abandoned girl who learned to survive in the wilderness by herself with very little help from those around her.  It wonderfully depicts the marsh ecosystem, but also contains mystery and romance.  A great read, especially for a book club.
 I had a hard time putting this down once I got used to the characters dialect.  The relationships between the main character and the community and the failure of the social safety nets were well handled.  The character development was excellent as were all of the details of the setting in the book.  The intrigue was interesting but overshadowed by the richness of the rest of the story.
 I was so surprised to discover that the author of this book wrote a famous non-fiction work called CRY OF THE KALIHARI that I'd read almost 30 years ago. And now she's written this most compelling novel about a fantastic heroine. It's about misjudging a person's circumstance, the trials of her lonely life, and her deep love and respect for nature. The writer must be a biologist because she so captivates the reader with prose that are rich in detail, so rich that we can almost smell the shoreline and hear the wildlife. I LOVED this novel.
 The story is engrossing, I even had to put it down occasionally because I was so worried about what might happen next! (Today I read it to its conclusion because I find the news, what’s going on in the US today, to be much more horrible than whatever the novelist could’ve had in store! LOL) The writing is beautiful. The descriptions of the marshlands were vivid, colorful, and made me want to travel to see those at some point. I have never reviewed a book here before but five stars seems the least I can give this novel!
 I read the reviews and decided to take a chance.  I had never read this author before.  This book deserves five stars.<br/>The story and characters are believable and the story itself was captivating.  It really is a book that is hard to put down.
 This was a book that was less like a novel and more like poetry and a science manual in one. I had no idea what the end was going to be or what the next turn was. Beautiful writing and understanding of human nature and the nature of animals in general.
 This is one book i did not want to put down. You will Not be disapointed. While reading this i kept saying this would be a really good movie, it pulls you in that much. I read this on my kindle and Loved it so much i bought the actual book to share with my family and keep on my book shelf. If your looking for a really good read, this is it.
 One of the most beautifully told and satisfying stories I have ever read. I feel I was there. I knew these people. I smelled the smells. I felt the air, the water, the pain and I never once noticed I was reading. It was a  total immersion experience. LOVED it!
 Not a bad first effort by the author. It was a good read overall. Some nature description felt a bit excessive and forced, but it did enhance understanding of the setting. Characters were ever so slightly underdeveloped with the exception of Kya - the main character. Still, this novel is well worth the time for a little escape to the South.
 I read this in one day. The words took me to the marsh and I walked with a list child as she grew to find her place in Cher world.beautifully written. Strong characters and visuals.  Powerfully written. I'm would highly recommend this book.
 It’s been a while since I encountered a novel so rich and beautiful. The story alone is a page turner, but the extraordinary descriptions of the natural world and the lessons this world has to teach us add a profound dimension to this book.
 I could not put this book down.  I was sad when it was over because it was over.... This story has many aspects....overcoming the odds, integrity, a mystery... I highly recommend this book and won't say more so I don't ruin it for others!
 I loved this book!  The story was intriguing in the development of the main character.  She's like no one else that I have read about.  Not only was the story good, but it was a good mystery that will keep you guessing till the very end.
 Delia Owens did a masterful job of weaving an intense knowledge of the North Carolina Marshlands and a fictional story of a girl trying to survive in it.  The beginning of the book I found the most enjoyable.  As we are introduced to Kya and her family.  As the book progresses I found myself losing interest.  Overall it was ok.  Because the author can write I will follow her and see what she does next.
 OMG! This was an amazing story from start to finish. It keeps you wanting to know what is coming next for Kya.  It is spellbinding.  I was blown away at the ending. Did not see that coming.  What a shocker.  I recommend this book highly!
 Rarely do I find a book that is good from beginning to end.  You can feel Kya on each page - her fear, her betrayal, her loneliness, and her victories.  You can feel the sun and wind and wonder of the marsh.  You can hear each character and move with them throughout time.  Just exceptionally well written and a complete pleasure to read or listen to.  Highly recommend!
 This was such an incredible read! I couldn't put the book down-such a great story from beginning to end! I loved Owen's<br/>descriptions of the marsh, of Kya's relationship with nature and how she was transformed!  I highly recommend this book-you won't regret reading it!
 Beautifully written , heartfelt exploration of a lonely soul finding love, connection, and survival  through all that exists in her surroundings.<br/>A story to touch your heart and expand your horizons into the reality that sorrounds us and can be received.
 This is the first book i have finished since having kids! My life is so busy now that I often start a book but never finish it. This one I read in about 4 days, even staying up late just read more. But the last few pages i spread over a span of 2 days because I didn't want the book to be over! Yet the ending was perfect and didn't leave me feeling like I needed more answers. This book is absolutely perfect!!
 Loved the book, particularly its exquisite, poetic description of the marsh and the birds, insects and critters who inhabit it. It reminded me of Pat Conroy. The story of the marsh girl and the murder of which she is accused was accused were interesting but her ability to survive and thrive in the environment in which she was originally forced to live and later embraced are a tribute to the survival instincts of man. Definitely worth reading.
 I was shopping for a good book that I could really sink my teeth into and chose this one!  Wanted to read it quickly as I was so absorbed, but didn't want it to end.  Great character development and plot, never a dull or boring moment!  I hope to read more from this author!
 It was page turning, and enlightening to know that someone so young knew all about the swamps,, and how to survive in them for so many years.  But also sad, because she was so alone most of the time. &amp;  Everyone she cared about hurt her.
 This was a beautiful novel and so beautifully written!  It contained romance, suspense, poetry, courtroom drama, and such descriptive language!  I will recommend it to anyone that wants to hear the draw dads sing and appreciate nature and life.
 This book is going to be up there in my top two or three for a long time to come. I started reading it and hated to put it down to sleep or do anything I had to do.  Absolutely one of the best books I’ve read in months. I finished it this morning, drinking my cup of coffee, with tears streaming down my face. Awesome tale.
 This is a good story, with an unusual setting...I really liked it!  A good cross section of characters, some to love, others not so much. The author was unknown to me and I will be checking to see if she has written more books for future reads :)
 When I first saw the book, I thought it was another Nicholas Sparks-style southern novel.  Nothing wrong with that - I just don’t personally want to read that.  But this book - it was breathtaking.  You immediately bond to the characters (especially Kya), and the description of her marsh and the natural surroundings was masterful.  More than that, there’s love, betrayal, murder, intrigue, and a surprise ending that was SO satisfying!
 Loved the story and the characters - they were clearly defined and kept the reader engrossed in the plot as well as in their back stories. The writing was excellent - clean and smart and well laid out - this is a page turner... my favorite type of book
 I loved this story!  I loved the nature, the mystery, the hardships, the pure strength of one young girl surviving in harsh circumstances.  It was heartbreaking and uplifting at the same time. Can't wait for another fictional story from Delia Owens!!!
 Great writing, wonderful characters.  Anyone who loves nature and wildlife will especially love the main character, Kya.  Very interesting story which I didn't want it to end.  I have to admit that I had more than a few tears at the end.
 At first I thought this was going to be just another youth-survives-alone-in-the-wilderness tale, and there is some of that, but it was so much more interesting.  I really didn't think I cared about swamp insects, but observing their behavior through the main character's eyes makes all the difference.<br/><br/>This will also go on my summer-reading-for-law-students list for its treatment of the murder investigation and resulting trial.<br/><br/>I couldn't put this down, and now I keep thinking about it.
 I read this book because it was the September book for Reese Witherspoon’s  book club and she usually picks a good one.  She certainly did this time.  Beautiful writing.  Excellent story line and everything all tied up at the end with a neat bow.  Loved Kya the main character and worried about her throughout the book.  Hard to believe it’s the authors first novel!
 Book was very interesting from the beginning.  I enjoyed the fortitude that the young girl shows in the story was amazing.  To think that there are people that do live like this and it isn't a bad life just a different life.  What was so sad that a young child would be left alone to find her own food and provide for herself.  It was a book of encouragement and joy along with the sadness.
 rating chosen due to depth of storyline, local colonialism throughout the story, character building, and logical progression of the plot.  Owens brings home the joy and sadness in a little girls life and follows her as she grows up virtually alone near the seashore.
 I have not read such a well written and interesting book since Steinbeck!!<br/>I became fully invested in the story and the intrigue.<br/>Kyra, the heroine, is so real and many situations made me cry.<br/>Delia Owens made me care.
 Excellent touches on human nature and nature nature, how we deal with loneliness and survival. Cute story and happy with some of the predictable unpredictability. Have a nice quick read. Sometimes the prose was difficult to read, but purposeful to the story.
 This was an excellent novel.  Lots of twists and turns. Realistic look at the lives of the characters in this book.  Not predictable. There reader can easily see the town, the open ocean, the marsh and all the other places and people described.
 Thrre's abundant life in the marsh.<br/> On Hilton Head island, I first became interested in the intricacy of its environment. Mitchner put it into beautiful descriptions in "Chesapeake".  I am eager to read Delia Owens non-fiction books which I imagine I'd find personally more appealing.
 I learned so much about swamp/marsh life and the kind of people who grow up there. I love a book that flips back and forth during different time periods, and this book did it perfectly. Such a great human story... simple and perfect!
 This book was a page turner.  I enjoyed every minute spent.  The ending was a surprise that I didn’t really see coming.  Happy Reading folks.
 Good book if you like slow reading (except for the last few chapters) but it goes back and forth from early years to middle - present - back.  If you can sit down and just read - fine.  But i cannot read but 30-45 minutes at a time.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is an excellent read.  The writing style is almost lyrical and the story hooks you right in.  Just when you think you have everything figured out, there's a twist or a turn that makes you rethink your logic.  Loved everything about it!
 My book club read this book and it was amazing.  We are set to discuss next week and I am loaded with thoughts.  This book covers so many topics-from personal destruction to redemption.  It is a sad picture that is probably more prevalent than we realize.  Kia's resilience show how much humans can take and how much we all need community and human contact.  Excellent read!
 This was truly a heartwarming story that showed how the young lady struggled to survive and how vicious people can be.  The mystery of the book really gets you thinking to try to figure out who done which isn't revealed until the very ending.
 The central character, Kya, is an amazing girl who raises herself off the grid and is totally dependent on herself only. Yet she wants to belong to someone, but is always disappointed. Several good twists and turns. Very engaging.
 Beautiful prose, emotionally captivating, and a story that pulls you along to some surprising places. Join Kya as she struggles within the natural world to which she has been abandoned as a child, absorbing its lessons, keenly observing its beauty and from which she derives a familiar comfort after so many human betrayals. You will meet some compassionate individuals whose gestures keep a spark of hope alive in her, and many others with little empathy. Immurse  yourself in this richly portrayed world.
 Beautiful, poignant. Such an amazing storyteller. I loved this book from page one, and every page thereafter. Don’t pass this one up. It will intrigue, fascinate, and even break your heart. But, you’ll be so glad that you invested the time. Read this!
 This is the most beautifully written book. I almost felt like I was reading a song as it seemed lyrical. I first purchased it on Audible but with the first few chapters, I knew I had to own it. I couldn’t consume it fast enough and yet I never wanted it to end. Amazing!
 It has been awhile since I've read a book that engaged me as much as "Where the Crawdads Sing." The author's description are so evocative of a Southern marsh, I could picture Aya in every scene. The story line draws you in as well. Very satisfying!
 I loved this book and could not put it down.  The premise focuses on prejudice, social stigmas, love and isolation.  Just a vivid reminder that it is important that we shouldn't judge no matter how much is our desire to do so.
 I absolutely loved the character of Kya.  The author developed her so beautifully.  The story was captivating.  I felt sorry for her and cheered her every move.  The end was a great surprise.  Fantastic book...just a great read.
 The story of Kya’s love for nature and the marsh is the highlight of her life of rejection. Left alone as a young child to survive she is a conundrum for the locals except for young boys who fall in love with her. The story evokes empathy and admiration, fear &amp; suspense.  The characters come alive through the author’s excellent writing and the story intrigues the reader until the very end.
 I really enjoyed reading this book, I like a book where you can admire the main character.  The author writes in such a way as it makes you want to keep reading to find out what happens next.  I will miss the characters in this story and hope the author is writing another book.
 The book was very well written and kept your attention.  You just want to keep reading.  It is hard to believe people can be raise like this.  The twist at the end is so unexpected you don't see it coming.  I enjoyed the story so much.
 I just finished reading Where the Crawdads Sing and I was transported to the coastal marshes of North Carolina.  I loved the book- I thought the character development was especially good- I really felt I knew Kya as we got the chance to grow with her in the book- Also the descriptions of the environment of the marsh, the birds, the shells were amazing.  I also thought the language and words chosen did a lot to help transport the reader there- Amazing first novel and one of the best reads I have read in a long time!
 Totally loved everything about this book...The story unfolds &amp; evolves slowly, and I devoured the writing, descriptions of the low country marshes...&amp; the characters...It gave me such a peaceful feeling reading it &amp; it has stayed with me...It is up there with one of my favorite all time books.
 I loved this bittersweet story of innocence and loss. Ms. Owens paints a vivid picture of Kya's isolated and survivalist life in the marsh. I could easily imagine the marsh's beauty and the creatures she befriended. I don't emote while reading in general, but this book made me cry. I recommended it to my book club.
 This is a meticulously developed novel that I thought I would never finish. As I pushed though, I found I was anxious to complete the last half. The characters are realistic and flawed. Have patience. This is worth the read.
 Such a believable story,filled with interesting nature facts with an allegorical content.This book keeps you guessing to the last chapter. Very suspenseful.  Beautifully written. If not mistaken this was authors first novel she had written. I Believe this book only hit the shelf in August. This book was so amazing after reading it,I opted for the audio so my wife could enjoy will winding down in bed. Marathon brought the book to even<br/>a greater enjoyment for the both of us. Wife  concurred, best she had ever read also. Thank you, Delia Owens, masterfully done.
 I wasn't sure about this book. But as doubtful as I was, I quickly became engrossed and unable to put it down. Her life was never truly alone, and each obstacle over come in her relationships made her what she was in the end, a strong and brave woman.
 This was a great book by what for me, is a new author.  You get drawn into the main characters life and cannot put the book down.  I highly recommend reading it and while not giving away any of the plot, it doesn’t really have anything to do with Crawfish!
 I read this book in two days!  Could not put it down.  If you've ever been in the south, in the swamp, in the marsh...this book and the writer will speak to your heart.  The story was captivating but the description was masterful!  A 5 stars for me!
 What an unexpected surprise! I began reading this beautiful, sad story predicting its direction and page after page, was delightfully surprised by plot twists. The setting was written stunningly as were the clues - all tied to the nature Kya studied. An excellent choice for a book club read.
 This wonderful novel is about a young girl, Kya abandoned by her family &amp; her struggles to survive. She was smart, resourceful &amp; was fortunate to have only a couple of folks out of a town full of people befriend her &amp; help her. With more abandonment &amp; a local murder things continue to be tough but she becomes  a local celebrity.  Highly recommend this book.
 I thought as I started to read this book, I wouldn’t finish it. But as I continued I found, that not only did I love Kya, I love everything she loved including the marsh and its birds, insects , and her poems. Thank you 🙏
 While reading this book I started to submerge myself into the story’s environment. The earthy descriptions were beautifully detailed and became, themselves,  characters within the story. I could not give this 5 stars only because I found the story line rather implausible but still magical.  Also, I felt that the ending was rushed, almost like an afterthought.
 I LOVED this book. I mean LOVED this book!!! Beautifully written, almost poetic, great descriptions of scenery... felt I was on the seashore with her. You will love this book. I’ll probably read it again. I never do that!!
 This story displays such delightful insight. It let's you look at things from a completely unusual point of view.  Intertwined are a deep appreciation for the natural world, the joys and hardships of human existence, and love.  Beautiful!
 One of the most stunning and beautiful novels I’ve ever read. Not only beautiful prose with sheer eloquence but it’s not excessive or flowery - rather a perfect balance of mystery and love, passion and sheer drive to survive. A story that draws you in and never lets go - that grabs you in the heart and will live with you forever.
 I loved this book. One of the best I have read in a long tune and something different for a change. The story of the little swamp girl growing up alone after everyone leaves her one by one and how she survives on her own is interesting and heart warming!
 Much to enjoy about this story, but too many unrealistic details to be credible. A nice, light read.
 When an author can turn the subject of swamp and marsh and isolation into something of lyrical beauty you know you have touched on magical writing. I don’t know that I have ever been so emotionally moved by unfamiliar  images  with words. I’m pretty stoic but this book had the tears flowing. Loved it, loved it. Wish the author was my best friend. Her first book of fiction. Now I’ll read her non fiction. What a gift!
 From the first word to the last this author tells an amazing story of family, betrayal, murder, love and forgiveness. I’m so sad the book is over. I had to make myself put this down or I would have done nothing but read. Such a talented writer I look forward to her next fiction works. Having grown up on the marsh I could see and hear so many of her experiences. A book not to be missed. This is a story that will stay with me long after the book’s cover has been closed. Five stars for sure!
 This book is so beautifully written that it is like one long poem.  The author’s ability to express deep emotions and make them accessible to the reader is astounding.  Kya is a character who will live in my heart and mind forever.
 Exquisite writing, strong character and plot development. So hard to believe this is a first book for the author. One of the best books I've read in a long time, evidenced by how much I wanted the story to go on and on.
 All of us have genetic ties to all f life. Few of us think beyond our own experiences. This novel focused on someone who was utterly bound to nature. The beauty of this connection is elucidated throughout this captivating book. I highly recommend this novel.
 I would recommend to all people that have been judged more than one time or another.  To the outsiders that have filled their lives with learning and less about bring social. I don't recommend to the people that are filled with sorrow. I felt for the protagonist on every level. This book made me cry and I admired her strength.
 Truly a wonderful story. I was.spellbound by this simplistic yet encompassed  story. You are carried along to its finish as the firefly are mentioned in the story.  Flitting to and fro, seen here or there and disappearing. What a wonderful story.
 I normally do not read fiction but at the strong recommendation of a friend I bought it. Boy, was I glad. SO well written. Doesn't bog you down in endless details that don't matter. And...well the ending is spectactular
 I've never given a 5 star review before in all my years. This book is so lovely and heartbreaking it brought me to tears. The poetry in the writing of this book is exceptional. The storyline fully engaging.<br/>Thank you to the author.
 Overall a good story, especially the first part when Kya is a child. I though the writing was a bit juvenile at times and the plot somewhat predictable. I ended up liking it more than I thought I would though, so gave it four stars.
 I loved reading about Kya. She was a smart and fascinating girl. It was amazing the things she had learned by herself and how observant she was, not only towards nature but humans as well. It made you realize how lucky you are to have family and friends that love you and a warm bed to come to every night. It was sad learning about how she was treated and segregated growing up and into her adulthood. No one but Tate could look past the lack of normalcy and realize that there is a brilliant and lovely girl.
 I don't review most of the books I read, but I cannot pass up the opportunity to express my love of 'Where the Crawdads Sing'. This book and its characters absorbed me for the week that I read it. The author's description of the Carolina marsh left little to be imagined- beautifully written. I am very hopeful this book becomes a movie!
 I loved this book and was totally absorbed in Kya and her liife as The Marsh Girl. Anyone who has a fascination with the ocean, the marshlands and wildlife will love this book, it's beautifully written; and one of the best books I have read all year.
 I enjoy reading books about the South, being a true Southerner,and this was one of the best novels I have read in a long time.  The descriptions of the marsh and nature were interesting and believable.  I cannot abide syrupy romance; and Ms Owens was right on target with inclusion of just enough romance.  I highly recommend this book, but warning...once you begin it, you will not want to stop reading it and you will wish the story had continued.
 This is one of my favorite books.  I was captured by Kya from the first chapter and shed many tears during the course of her life in the book.  One book I wanted to continue because I wanted to cling to her with love.
 From the first pages the reader is transported to a Carolina marsh, feeling the mud between your toes and the cry of the birds  above to drown out the horror within the shack Kya calls home. You can smell the sea; hear the marsh grasses sighing as Kya survives, loves and thrives in her near-solitary coastal existence. A book for the young and the young-at-heart alike.
 At first I felt it might be a little slow, boy was I wrong. The story starts from the beginning of " Marsh Girl" with great detail of what lives and grows in the marshland.  Family life and living in the marshland is very difficult for Marsh Girl, as her kind is shunned in the small town close by. This story tells of her life, love, her becoming something no one would ever believe. The author tells the story in such detail I can picture it going on in  my eyes! You become the best cheerleader for this most defiant, caring, and courageous young girl,
 It was a painfully beautifully written book. Heartbreaking but heartwarming. The book shows human strength and endurance and human weakness at the same time. Also, it shows what bullying can do to people. Too bad there are so many bullies in the world.
 I loved the sensitivity for Kya’s person, the nature descriptions are vivid,  I want to know Tate, the story is captivating.  I had trouble with the last chapter, otherwise I loved the book and have recommended it to fellow readers.
 With beautiful prose Delia Owens paints a picture of the swamp that takes the reader into Kya’s world. Living in the low country I could hear, smell and even taste these wetlands. The beauty though, is sharply contrasted by the horrors of this young girl’s life. Your heart aches for her loss of so much. I highly recommend this book.
 I was captivated by this beautifully descriptive story.  I do believe I could hear the crawdads sing!  Relevant, historical and beautifully told, this is a story I recommend and will read again.  I have a new author.
 I loved this I am an Avid Reader and find it difficult to stay focused on most of the novels that are out there today this was such a great book I hope I find another one that keeps my interest as long as this one day
 This  book was recommended to me by my mother &amp; best friend and although it is not the genre I am usually drawn to, I gave it a try. I am so glad I did! This book was captivating, beautifully written, and heartfelt. It was subtly and artfully executed. I adored this book and flew through it in three days!
 This novel is breathtaking.  It is beautifully written and transports the reader to the fertile marsh land in North Carolina.  The characters are well-rounded and deep.  The story is heartbreaking as it uncovers both the best and the worst in humanity.  I was sad to let the characters go when I finished it.  This is a must read that will be celebrated for generations.
 Loved this book!  Author did a great job holding my interest.  It was riveting and such a feel good story!<br/>Be certain to read about Delia Owens prior to reading the novel.  I found that she really had done so much research prior to writing the book!
 This was a page turner.  Due to violent sequences it was not always easy to read.  The grimmer portions were balanced by poetic description of the North Carolina lowlands natural beauty.  The protagonist was resourceful in surviving against the odds and there were heart-warming relationships that  made life worth living.  Some story lines were easy to predict,  but others take the reader by surprise and added to frustration.
 I strongly identified with Kya, lover of nature and one who mostly prefers to be alone with the Natural world. This story was well told and I learned quite a bit about the marshes of NC where the story is set. Good tension throughout builds up to a very satisfying ending.
 Our book club chose this book and it was such a good read. The author used such beautifully descriptive words—could see it in my mind. Loved the characters, the author made me love or hate or ache for them. Such a different, difficult life.
 Loved this book. The ending caught me totally by surprise. Excellently crafted. Kya, the main character, is an extraordinary  person who overcomes deprivations that would destroy anyone else.  Couldn't put it down.
 A beautifully told story of an amazing young girl. Nature became her mother. The sights and sounds of the marsh areas are described in such detail that one could almost smell nature in the storytelling. I fell in love with Kya and ached with her loneliness.
 I loved this book, and it drew me in from the start. It was beautifully written, and I felt as though I were living in the marshes along with the main character. I enjoyed the way the author developed all the characters. Strong, and plausible plot line.
 I found the book to be tough to read due to the dialects towards the first part of the book. I had to switch to the audiobook book version but I found the narrator to be equally as tough to listen to. Her cadence was off and I almost gave up on the book. As Kya’s English got better, I picked up the book again and from that point had a hard time putting it down. I’m glad I persevered but it was tough!
 As the story unfolds I couldn’t put it down even as it went back-and-forth in time, which I usually don’t like in a book, each page turned into new thought provoking questions.  The author has a true talent for bringing you in and keeping you engaged. I fell in love with Kya and her relentless and undying passion to live through all adversity. Her story is one of courage, strength, and faith in her self when everyone else had let her down.
 This story is so descriptive and beautifully told it will stay with you for a long long time.  The film in your mind is probably better than any Hollywood production will ever be.<br/>The tale recalls the best of Conroy, Kingsolver, and maybe even Harper Lee.
 I wish I could give Where the Crawdads Sing a 10 🌟rating! The story, the beautiful and detailed description of the setting. All are so fascinating.  Ms. Owens created a separate and wonderous world for the main character.  I love Kya for her strength, and the way she sees Life! This is the best book I've read in years!
 I LOVED THIS BOOK AND COULD NOT WAIT TO READ IT WHENEVER I COULD!!!!!  THIS WAS DELIA OWENS FIRST NOVEL BUT I SURE HOPE IT'S NOT HER LAST!!!! I TRULY WISH THERE MORE WONDERFUL AUTHORS AS TALENTED AS DELIA OWENS!!!! POL
 Incredibly well written story of life in the swamp &amp; nature. Great story. Captures life in a weave of story. Bought for my husbands birthday &amp; he enjoyed the story also. Great read but don’t want to spoil it by saying too much!
 The story was so vividly written that I felt like I could literally see the marsh, Kya and everything else.  The heartbreak this young lady overcomes is unimaginable which is what makes the story so enduring.  Bravo!
 Thoroughly enjoyed reading this story about a female social outcast who educates herself about nature and people. With no formal education, she manages to survive in the wilderness and figure out her life. The writing is excellent.
 I found this book to be so interesting!! It’s about people I really know nothing about. How could Kia have totally fallen through the cracks and have lived such a solitary life? Very interesting and well-written book. I very much enjoyed it.
 I loved the characters and story line. I have been loving books where characters are of the nature and wild but sensitive. Painfully beautiful like another review says captures it best. Couldn't put it down, read it in a day and a half
 I couldn’ Put it down!  We live in The Carolinas,  so the story was close to home.  It was intriguing to see how a young girl survived in the swamps the way Kya did.  I was sad when I was done with the book.  I thought the ending was great!
 Finally a book with a satisfying ending.  I've read so many books that after 350 pages seem to have a very hurried and unsatisfying or confusing ending.  It seemed a little slow to start but made up for it.  I'm happy I read it. I liked it.
 A fascinating read.  1960’s southern small town culture; humanity, judgement, the earth and nature, rejection , abandonment and the resilience of children.  Who are we anyway?  It’s never to late to look in the mirror.
 Written as if the author wanted you to live in the marsh with the book's character Kya.  You saw everything and felt everything she did.  Such an amazing story..I'm sorry I can't explain it....it was just amazing.
 The best book I’ve read in years. I was so very moved and engaged by the exquisite writing and captivating story. The characters are expertly and effortlessly crafted. The descriptions of nature are unparalleled. I can not recommend this gorgeous novel enough. It is stunning. If you read one book this year, let this be it.
 Excellent book. The writing was like poetry.  So beautiful.  I did not want this book to end. And the author's description of the marsh lands was superb.  I highly recommend it and I look forward to her next book
 When I first started this book I wasn’t sure Inwoukd finish it.  But as I continued reading, the story became more interesting and then I was anxious to see the outcome and the ending.  I was very moved at the end, tears flowed.  The author did an outstanding job considering it’s her first novel.  Well done.
 I kept hearing this book compared to Kingsolver.  I agree that Owens' descriptions of the marsh are similar to Kingsolver's descriptions of other ecosystems, but I enjoyed this much more than any of Kingsolver's recent work.  This story had me guessing until the very end, and it held none of the self-righteousness that has become so rampant in Kingsolver's books.  Owens told an enjoyable, if unbelievable, story, and she painted the marsh with her words as Kya painted them with her paintbrushes.
 What a beautifully written book! There are good people and those taught to think they are better than others. The author lifts the veil away from small world thinking and it’s repercussions. She explores the natural world in such a way that the reader feels present to the marsh and its inhabitants. She has an interesting approach to moral dilemmas.
 What a fun novel to read.  Great writing that pulls you in from the start.  Somewhat over the top in a fantacy way; but still entertaining; which, afterall, is what a novel should be.  Buy it, read it, enjoy it.
 Excellent! The only books that get five stars from me are the ones that bring me to the point of tears. I wanted this book to never end but the ending was perfect. Just perfect. I will never forget this story.
 Love this book.  It is a page turner from start to finish.  Just when you think you know what will happen, there is an unexpected twist.  I’m keeping this one for my collection and I know I will read it again.
 Although I found the first half of the book difficult, child abuse is not an easy subject, the main characters resilience and the descriptions of nature and her relationship with it, was well worth reading about the heart breaking scenes of her difficult childhood.  Highly recommend.
 What a great read. Delia vividly transports the reader into Kya's world...marshy swampland. An environment almost unimaginable a child could survive alone. Secretly we might all wish we were Kya at some time or another being able to escape to the solitude and beauty of her existence.
 Good read. Only objection I have is that she portrayed the African American mother figure weighing 200  pounds and looking like a piano with huge breasts. Well I weigh more than that and I don't look like a piano with huge breasts. Very offensive.
 I read a lot of books. I usually finish one and move right on into the next without a break. I couldn't do that with this book. It stuck with me for days. This is a book everyone should read. The ending...oh my gosh!
 It is an improbable story.  Some parts are tedious.  I was tempted to give up, but I persevered.  The descriptions of the marsh and the wildlife are excellent.  The ending was good but it did not surprise me.
 It's funny but the first few chapters I found a bit slow, now I can't remember not loving this character and feeling, engaged and happy and sad.  .The authors writing is brilliant, really pulls you in! A must read.
 I loved it. It was definitely a page turner for me I just had to know right up to the end all of the details. The associations made from human to animal to insect were fascinating. Kya’s vulnerable state which remains the same throughout her life are also really fascinating.
 I’m only on page 58 of this fine book and I’m already enchanted. I have to force myself to stop reading so the book lasts longer. I usually read a book and then donate it.  On my book shelves are very few books that I deem “keepers”.  Where The Crawdads Sing will go on my shelf, along with Water for Elephants, At The Waters Edge and The Tumbling Turner Sisters.  Thank you Delia Owens.
 This was a beautifully-written story with a background mystery that added a bit of extra interest. The prose brought the main character to life in such a visceral way....I highly recommend this book if you love fiction.
 Very different type of book for me but it was interesting and nail biting at the same time.  It was a really really good book.  I can't to this day get it out of my mind, it makes you think and feel a lot of emotions!
 I loved  this mix of murder mystery, ecology portrait and study of human behavior.  The nature component was my favorite the poetry, my least favorite though the end poem was a great time in to the story.  A very good read!
 This  book was a slow starter for me.  The author seems to get caught up using his too many descriptive adjectives.  But the second half of the book picks up speed and has a good deal of energy intrigue.  Good ending....sums everything up.  Do love the detail in describing North Carolina.
 This book keep my interest from the first page. Loved Kya and her struggle to overcome abandonment at such a young age and surviving. This was such a great read and I would recommend this to all. Make sure the tissues are handy.
 My eeview is pretty much word for word that of the top review Perfect Song in the pros and the cons ( Asheville?). I was enchanted and engaged as I devoured it. I do not hand out many 5 star reviews either.
 A dysfunctional family leaves a  young child to fend for herself. Beautiful description of the ecosystem and wildlife of the Carolina coast..  Although this is not a biography, it is an interesting perspective on social isolation.
 One of the best books I’ve ever read. After I finished the kindle/audible editions I went out &amp; bought the hard cover to read again &amp; keep. I identified with the Kyha character all the way through. Amazing!
 Such beautiful imagery woven into a heart wrenching story of a sad but brilliant child-woman. Beautifully developed characters, chilling twists in the story will keep you glued to your special reading spot. Looking forward to the upcoming movie to be produced by Reese Witherspoon. This book is a winner.
 The story was so well written, keeping my attention to the very last chapter!  The characters were seemingly real, and the I enjoyed the book immensely.  I hope Delia Owens will write another novel; I would not hesitate to buy it.
 I found this a well written book. Many of  precepts are hard to believe.  A rather fantastical account of a child abandoned by her family able not only to survive but to thrive on her own ,in the back woods swamps of North Carolina.
 This is an extraordinary book I could not put down about nature, abandonment, sensitivity, love, abuse, meanness, prejudice, survival, beauty, triumph and tragedy. Beautifully written mystery. A must read.
 The book caught my attention right away!  It was interesting reading about the North Carolina coast and all the wildlife.  It was also heart wrenching to read about this poor little girl and how she survived on her own wits!  Life was difficult but she did survive...loved the twists and turns!!
 Many love stories in one with beautifully developed characters throughout.<br/>I wished for less dialect which would have made it perfect in my eyes. An amazing experience to have been privileged to read.
 This book exceeded my expectations because it is so different than anything I have ever read. Written by a naturalist, the marsh and its creatures is portrayed with great appreciation and affection. The plot is improbable at times but the characters are well drawn. Reading this book is a meditation on nature, including human nature.
 This is a book I will be thinking about for as long as I live.  The portrayal of a young, abandoned, rejected girl is painful yet beautiful.  A few compassionate people contributed significantly to the  educational and emotional development
 This is such a good book in that is was hard to put down. It had a wonderful look at survival and accomplishment in an unlikely marsh area. This book brings you back to thinking about each event Kya went through.  I don't reread books but this is one I want to read again. It is definitely an unforgettable read.
 One of the best books I have read lately-and so amazed to learn that the author had never written a novel before.  Such an unusual spell binding plot-and unexpected ending!!  I am not a Southerner but have lived in the South long enough to feel like one, and Ms Owens has captured so much of what the south is about-good and bad.
 This reminds me of some of Gene Stratton Porter’s books.  The lives in this story seem so real.  I am truly touched by the story and the ending.<br/><br/>Want to understand the desire to be cared about should read this.
 Hard to put down, hard to describe.  A poignant, riveting, gentle read.  Will especially speak to those who have an affinity  for the natural world and who prefer to avoid ....well, most everything else.
 The book is well written. The author describes the scenery so vividly that it is easy to picture the scene. Also, she explains the main<br/>Characters feelings so that you feel them as well. This book is worth reading!
 Where the Crawdads Sing is one of the best books I've read in a long time. As I got closer to the end, I read slower and slower, trying to put off the inevitable. What an original and beautifully written story.
 Observation and imagination lie heavy and rule.  The reader is led through waves of thought like the sea and other natural surroundings, sometimes jolting , others smoother and delightful.  Excellent writing.makes you want to thank the author.
 This novel was so remarkably engaging that I never wanted it to end.  What a story!  In a world where popular fiction is often so annoyingly predictable, this book was full of surprises.  So refreshing.
 From start to finish, I lived with the characters and visualized the surroundings! I related with each character. I was finished by the second day and look forward to reading more from my “new” favorite author!
 Love, love, love this book. Couldn’t put it down, read it in less than 24 hours (I fell asleep). The world evolves from seeing Kya as child of the marsh to a real person. Such a great read. One of my top two books of this year.
 The style of writing - especially the word choice - is delightful.  This story kept my interest until the very end and then surprised my expectations.  What fun.  This is one of those "I couldn't put it down" books.
 I enjoyed this book very much, a refreshing pleasure after the last book or two.  I agree it is reminiscent of Barbara Kingsolver.  Beautifully descriptive of nature and our place in it.  Highly recommend
 I fell in love with these characters right away.  Great story and so eloquently written.  For those who loved "Before we were yours" and "the great alone", this is the next must read.  Loved the story.
 This is now one my favorite books. Kya is realistic, relatable, infuriating, tragic, and understandable. Her story weaves like the passages through the marsh, so that you may not know where it is going but you are glad to be along for the ride. What a gift!
 Loved the unique way the story was told from both ends to the meeting of time.  Beautifully written.  I read it in only three sittings because I couldn't put it down. One of the best novels I've ever read.
 One of the BEST Books ever.  So moving, her words were like a sea of beautiful poetry and I just loved to read every page, I hated to reach the end of the Book.  I was moved to tears.  LOVED this Book so much.
 This novel is a gem in every way.  It is first and foremost a unique and appealing story.  The prose is marvelous .<br/>The descriptions and observations of the marshland of North Carolina are amazing.  The dual narrative -- one a contemporary mystery and the other a story of a little girl surviving to adulthood mostly on her own in the marshes -- is engaging.
 A beautiful  haunting story that will linger in your mind long after the last page. This book will make you smile and then cry. Highly recommend that you give yourself several hours to read this because you will not be able to put it down.
 The story grabs you and doesn’t let you go!<br/><br/>Delia Owens writing style is magnificent. I am extremely critical of an author’s true abilities to write a good story line, but more importantly, write the story in such fashion that you can’t put the book down.<br/><br/>It’s been a long time since I read such a book.  Where the Crawdads Sing is in a class by itself.
 Characters that touch your heart...a plot that gently draws you in and wraps you into each page...and a setting that takes you back to another time when life may have been simpler - but not easy. A perfect read.!
 This novel was wonderfully written.  I could not put the book down.  I felt it was me living and telling the story.  I am a city girl but for a while I was a Marsh Girl and loving it.  Congratulations Delia Owens.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book, it was a different kind of story but very real. Loved the characters, their challenges and struggles. It deals with social &amp; economic prejudices and we can all learn from this story! A great read.
 I was hesitant to buy and read this book for a long time. It just didn’t really seem like a me kind of thing. Boy was I wrong. The story is exceptional. A good mix of many genres, I’d recommend it to everyone!
 This may be a best seller but I was sorry I ordered the kindle edition.  I slogged thru the book just because I had paid for it.  As far as I'm concerned the narrative did not pick up until I had read 59%.  Actually I could have written the ending.  It was pretty obvious where it was all going.  Well written but not for my taste.  Sure wouldn't rush to read anything more by this author.
 I was immediately pulled into the book, wanting to know more about the characters and their story - Kya's story.  I was so emotionally involved with the story, reading it in 3 days. Tears whelming up at the end. Please continue writing, Delia!
 I am always looking for a read that captures me right away and carries me off to another place and time. “Where the Crawdads Sing” did just that. And then left me wanting more. Thank you to Delia Owens for a great read. It was just what I needed!!
 I almost never write reviews, but with this book I can’t imagine not sharing my thoughts with others, so they can also feel the fullness that comes with reading it. This book is like Ann of Green Garbles, To Kill A Mockingbird, and How Green Was My Valley all wrapped into to one. The beauty of all the descriptions of the marsh combined with the heroism of the main character just fills my heart with joy. I can’t recommend this more.
 A mystery a murder a love story. Kya was deserted by her family at a young age in a swamp shack in the Carolinas. Her grit and drive to survive against obstacles with very little help make her character memorable and fascinating.
 This was an excellent story that was very well written. I felt a great deal of empathy for the main character. This is a story that will stick with you long after you have finished reading the book. I would highly recommend this book.
 Such an eloquent, interesting story!  The author’s descriptions of the marsh and Kya’s life experiences brought backer story alive for me!  I couldn’t put this book down and sent it out as Christmas gifts!
 I really enjoyed this book - very beautiful writing &amp; many elements that make a good book, suspense, romance and many emotions.  I enjoyed being taken to the beautiful nature of the North Carolina marsh areas.
 Where The Crawdads Sing was a breath taking story, though at times it was hard to read without crying. I loved it and read many hours through many nights as I had to know more. It is beautifully written with an amazing depth of characters. The setting was unfamiliar to me but now I feel like I know it well. You will not be sorry you choose to read this book. Let it surprise you like it did me.
 Very descriptive book--you almost feel like you are standing beside Kya as she matures from a six year old child to adulthood.  Knowledge of birds and insects in or around the marsh is excellent.  Author keeps you guessing until the very end.
 A Best Book Ever contender in my opinion. Every emotion you have ever had will be aroused. A love story , a survival story , one of courage , of hate , and of triumph all in one beautifully written poignant story of family lost and found and how those  less fortunate fhan others can be and are treated. I could not put this book down ...I had to know!!! Read it now!!  You will enjoy !
 Really loved Kya's strength and curiosity for life. Highly recommend this delightful story of perservance, determination, and love. Strong women just naturally find their achievements by walking their path in life.
 Super Good book.  Found myself thinking about it when not reading it, which doesn't happen very often.  It sucks you in and grips you with the amazing story telling.  I highly recommend it!  Everyone I've told about it reads it and loves it too.
 There is not one thing I didn't love about this book!  It has everything--gorgeous descriptive writing, suspense, romance, a murder and amazing and surprising ending.  This was my choice for our book club and everyone felt the same about the book.  The only sad thing is that the book ended.
 I found myself loving and understanding this character's aloneness, need for self protection and desire to be loved by someone. The writer beautifully describes her life in the marsh letting us see if all in our mind's eye
 Kind of a beautiful story about a young girl who gets abandoned but manages to survive in the marshlands that she loves!  There is also a mystery element and evocative writing!  Very enjoyable !
 Where the Crawdads Sing showed the strength of the human spirit to survive against all odds.  It gave the readers a historical perspective of southern living with the many prejudices against those of color and white trash!  It then transformed into a murder mystery.  Along the way, we learned a lot about the natural wonders of a marsh.
 As her first novel, Delia Owens has created a story that is unforgettable. What an amazing tale. The characters are so believable to be real life. And, Owens’ writing is exquisite. Can’t wait to read her next book!
 At 52 years old, I have read many books.  This is such exceptional book, it has made it to my top ten list of all time.  It's company there include To Kill a Mockingbird, In Cold Blood, Middlesex and Beloved to name a few.<br/><br/>A beautifully written exotic narrative that moved me so much I could not put it down and cried when I was done.  I had a great book hangover for weeks.
 I added this to my iPad and iPhone but somehow it ended up on Kindle.  I wanted to listen to it on Audible.  Is there any way I can switch it?  I was charged $12.99 for Kindle, but it would have been free as part of my Audible membership.  I haven't read/heard the book yet, so I don't know how to rate it, but I am giving one star since I can't figure out how to make the switch.  I really don't know how this happened.
 I loved the setting-the coastal area of No. Car.  Having spent a lot of time in my youth at the coast 0f the Carolinas,  I could identify with a lot of the scenes, the marshes, the wildlife, etc.  Just a great story, great characters, and great enjoyment.
 this is the first review i have done on any book on amazon.  as an active reader, who lives with no TV, i have experienced some great fiction and non fiction books.  THIS BOOK IS SO POWERFUL IT MADE ME CRY, AND EMOTIONALLY TOOK ME AWAY TO EXPERIENCE the characters emotional lives.  cant wait for more from this author.  GRAND JOB.
 I received this novel as a present from my wife and have just begun to read it. In the short time when I was reading, I became very engrossed in it. I can say that, from what I've so far read, I know that I will enjoy it. My wife, of course, will also read it.<br/>I'm an older adult, but so far it appears this novel would be suited for children as well.
 I really liked this book.  It has an interesting plot.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because of the ending.  It wasn’t bad, just not what I wanted.  I can see this book being made into a movie.
 The story was interesting and the ending was a surprised... I would have never guessed it. The writing was very good in some parts of the books but other area’s the writing lacked. Interesting about how she Described swamp ecosystem. It was an okay book.
 Thank you for sharing your beautiful knowledge of nature and creating such an amazing character.  First you had sympathy for Kya, then praise, fear, and sadness.  I could read it all over again!
 I waited a long time for a read of the magnitude this story have me. I felt the marsh life, I felt Kya's loneliness and moments of deep despair. I cried when she died both for the sadness in her life and equally the joys she found in her natural habitat. I saw a butterfly this morning and found myself closely examining its wings as it goes by. Thank you Kya.
 This was an unexpected delight of a read. I want to share with all my friends. The author took the reader into the swamp and explored that environment while narrating an exquisite story line of victory over circumstance.
 A great story of survival against horrific odds. Very discriptive language makes you sense the main character’s world. The characters felt very real to me. Although a novel it often felt like a true story to me.
 I can hear the gulls and I am turning pages with anticipation of what the marsh will bring. You will not be disappointed foe one minute to go with these characters. Delia Owens has me hooked!!
 Where the Crawdads Sing is singularly the best novel I have read in quite some time.  The survival instinct and human spirit in the main character are remarkable.  This story is told in words so beautifully rounded that it paints a vivid portrait so gorgeous that the heart soars.
 Imperfectly perfect story. From the first lines to the very last, Owens takes the reader into the marshes and leaves them on the beaches where they learn all that is nature and what alone can feel like.
 Besides the story, which was engaging and raw, the book is perfectly written and takes you away to another place, which is what amazing books are meant to do. One of my favorites of all times. A classic.
 a great book. Interesting and different story. Great character development of characters you come to know and like. Plenty of outdoors! Best book I've read in a long time.<br/>Hope the author writes more.
 There was nothing to dislike about this book!  I enjoyed it cover to cover.  It is beautifully written with a touching and poignant plot.  I can't say enough good things about it - you will not be disappointed!
 A page-turner that combines prejudice, love of nature and the sheer will to survive anything into a lyrical story. It is one of the best, most emotional and strong stories, I have ever read!
 Bought this book to read for our book club. Loved it. Other folks in the club had trouble getting one because the demand has been so high, so we have loaned it to 3 other folks, and they loved it also. Can't wait to have the club discussion.
 Lies, abuse, neglect, prejudice, and much more are inclusive in this read. Imagine being 6 years old and on your own, deserted by family and no friends, other than nature. This book leaves one with so much to contemplate.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time. So real. You could feel the swamp area, Kya's pure misery and finding love. I can see in my mind the books she wtote. Just incredible.
 So engaging and different. Loved every word and could not put it down! An amazing story of families, love, relationships, anger and of course a great mystery. The writer really gets you sucked in so you feel like you are actually there in the place. I highly recommend this one!
 My work book club decided on this title for our selection this month, and I'm so glad they did.  From page one, I was hooked.  I highly recommend picking this book up.  You won't want to put it down.
 It was a very good read. I enjoyed the book but felt the story has been done before. Change the characters, change the time, change the location. Predictable too. I can see the story being turned into a movie.
 I loved everything about this book. I was hooked from the first page and couldn't put it down.  The characters are so well written and while it's not really a mystery it definitely has twist and turns that have you dying to know what happened. Loved it!!
 Ditch the chores because once you start this book, you won't be able to put it down.  Great characters, whodunit, and surprise ending.<br/><br/>Beautifully written to boot.  Loved this book.
 Oh how I enjoyed this novel.  I fell in love with the marsh and the wild child.  I suspected the surprise ending, yet never could have suspected how it all played out.  Learning so many of nature’s interesting facts was an added bonus.  Really enjoyed every page.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time. It has so many emotions but yet still a mystery. You can picture every detail. Makes you smile, laugh out loud, cry, etc. Must read
 This is a haunting story and hard to put book down after "Hooked". . .Shows uncanny resilience of human beings under duress and remarkable female ingenuity to learn, self-educate and to survive among the worst of circumstances. . .
 I fell in love with Kya and the marsh. I could relate to her damage, her fierce side, her distrust of people. The depictions of the marsh were vivid enough to allow me to sense the feelings, but not so detailed as to distract from the narrative. Prejudice is dealt with in an authentic way, not preachy. Truly one of my favorite reads in the last decade.
 I loved this book! I hope the author writes more. I loved her style of writing and the way she wove the characters and the landscape together. The characters came to life, and portrayed the life of those living in the swamp land extremely well. A true story of a survivor against all odds. Very sad, but so beautifully told by the author.
 Any book who holds me spellbound deserves 5 stars. Loved the<br/>beautiful descriptive language and how the writing literally conjured up visions of the marsh - holding secrets of love, loneliness and ultimately, death.
 I had the day off and was going to get things done. I picked up the book and couldn’t get myself to put it back down until I finished it. I cried a lot with Kya through her pain.
 A beautiful story from beginning to end. The reader feels the loneliness and longing for family and human contact, and yet sees how Kya must rely on her own instincts to survive in the marshlands which is her safe haven.
 This is one of the best books that I have ever read. When I read the last page I was tempted to turn right back to page one and start all over. It is beautifully written. It has a wonderful sense of place. If they make it into a movie, the choice of the cinematographer will be as important as the choice of the actors. It is emotionally difficult and thought-provoking. It is not to be missed.
 Where the Crawdads Sing may be the best book I've read in a few years.  The author's<br/> descriptions of the marshes and coast line of NC, the building of memorable characters and the plot were all outstanding.  I can see it entering the  ranks of great literature comparable to To Kill a Mockingbird.
 One of the best books I've read recently.  I won't miss the next from this amazing new literary genius!<br/>Not only a page turner from every aspect, but learned so many things about the Carolina marshes I<br/>hadn't ever imagined.  It's nice to be entertained and educated at the same time!
 Loved this book from the first words to the end. The writing as beautiful - loved the main character and they way her life was described. It was a great read and I highly recommend it. CH
 This novel shines on so many levels. I simply couldn't put it down. I've waited a long time for a story that I would absolutely love. I look forward to reading it again and probably again.
 Although not everyone in my book club enjoyed this book as much as I did, most were in agreement about how captivating the story was and I've already lent it to friends several times over.
 Beautifully written. Emotional and raw at the same time. The descriptions given are not exaggerated yet put you beside kya as though your were shadowing her as she’s walking through life experiencing every moment by her side. It is very difficult to hold my attention with books, even maintain a connection. That’s how I knew this book was that great. Every review describes it perfectly. The ending you can foresee I wish there was a little bit more to it however I would read this book again in an instant.
 The book is an amzing read from beginning to end. Spending the Winters in the Golden Isles of Georgia has helped me to understand the ebb and flow of the nature of the marsh. This is a beautifully written book of survival and capturing loneliness and its ability to make us stronger. I highly recommend this book. Another Harper Lee in the making !
 I fell in love with the main character.  I rarely find a novel where I truly care about a character and want to know what happens to her.  I absolutely could not put this book down until I knew.  I highly recommend it.
 This is the finest book I have ever read. It is a wonderfully written love story, combined with a small town murder mystery, and much more. It is a real page turner from beginning to end. I highly recommend it.
 I enjoyed this book from the beginning to the end.  It's a bit fantastic to think of a little girl surviving on her own under the circumstances but if you let that go,  it's a very good read.
 Great book. Good character development,  creates great visual descriptions and keeps you guessing to the very last page. Love this new author and will look forward to other books from her.
 Gracefull and elegant writing, with undercurremts of strong emotion that is both moving and uplifting. So wrll written that it doesn't veer into tacky sentimentality. It filled my thoughts long after I finished the book. That says how much I liked and enjoyed reading it. Highly recommended.
 Coming of age, in depth details about marshes that I never knew and never knew I waned to know! Add in intrigue, mystery and love. Quite a book. Sad to find the is author's only novel to date.
 WOW WOW WOW!!!! What an outstanding book!!! This book took me on an amazing journey of emotions and thought provoking ride. A book that will stay with you long after you have read it....
 Started out really liking this book, but about midway through, the story took a turn for the ridiculous.  Pretty much no character development.  Can't recommend and am really surprised by all the five-star ratings.
 An artfully told tale of finding beauty and dignity in life, despite - or in some cases because of - its hardships. The descriptions of seagulls, spanish moss, and herons make the marshland not just the setting, but an integral character in the story, supplying Kya with what she needs to live and grow. Anyone who wishes they spent more time outdoors will enjoy the deep connection to nature that courses through the entire story, pulling the reading into the cattails and waterways.
 What a beautiful novel of interesting and unique characters, wildlife and poetry. An endless story of loss, LOVE and loneliness. I could not stop reading. A brilliant author! The best novel I've read in years!
 Book was really good but the 1st half was a bit slow , nearly stopped at the 50% mark but decided the high ratings surely were worth continuing so glad I did.  Be patient and don't quit
 There is a unique and captivating story in this book that keeps you intrigued. The author writes beautifully about the North Carolina marsh and those who live there. It was difficult to put down, and I didn't want it to end!
 Just can't say enough hood things about this book!  Maybe would be a little more appealing to female readers because the main protagonist is female, but truly a very moving story with so many vivid details of the mid-Atlantic coastline ecology!  Loved every minute of it!!!
 Where the Crawdads Sing pulled you in with the dialogue and picturesque descriptions leaving images clearly in one’s mind of what the characters were experiencing. The method employed by Delia Owens, going current time to the past, was well executed. This book was Extremely hard to put down; finishing in less than 24 hours. I look forward to seeing this made into a movie!
 From beginning to end you are swept up in your admiration for the Marsh Girl. Her resilience was inspiring, yet she remained vulnerable and sensitive. The descriptions of the marsh habitat and wildlife held my interest. I felt I learned along with Kya, who was self-taught for the most part. It will not be surprising if this book remains a bestselling novel for many years.
 This novel will remain in my heart forever. A child abandoned raises herself alone in an environment that one can only imagine as nature’s perfection. It is a remarkable tale of self preservation and love .
 I throughly enjoyed this story. I appreciated the descriptions of wildlife. I loved Kya’s ability to survive and be resilient. Just a touching and remarkably good read about life love diversity and differences. I miss you already Kya.
 I chose this book because I liked the title. It was an amazing take even though the possibility of a child living in the marshes of North Carolina was an unbelievable theme for a novel.
 A beautiful story about the “Marsh Girl”.I am a native of North Carolina and was attracted to this book for that reason.a wonderful coming of age story,with a Murder Mystery as a bonus
 Where the Crawdads Sing actually made my heart sing and my soul dance.  Hearnreaking and jubilant in turns.  So many memorable characters! What I wouldn't give to spend a year in Kya's shack...
 A story you feel deeply about long after the last sentence. An extraordinary tale of survival and the beauty found along the way. Rich characters you grow to love as your own. Such profound beauty in her rich prose without scientific doldrums. A shrimpper who listens to classical music. Brilliant.
 I don't have as much time to read as I would like but once I started this book, I made time.  This one will rank as one of my all-time favorites!  Well written and wonderfully rich characters.
 A beautifully crafted story on what it means to transcend abandonment and poverty.  Besides being a story of a young woman's remarkable life, it is also a story about the importance of our connection with nature and its beauty.
 One of the best books I have read in a longtime.  The writing gives one a strong sense of place.  I could almost smell the marsh, that was as much of a character as Kay and Tate were.
 I enjoyed this author's style of story telling and  her intimate knowledge and experience with nature. It took me back to my childhood growing up in the South and playing along stream beds with the crayfish, doodle bugs, dragonflies, etc.... Keep Kleenex handy some parts of this story are real tear jerkers.
 I read at least 3 books a week on Amazon and this wonderful novel took me on a journey I will never forget.<br/>The magical ending plus the wonderful characters brought tears to my eyes. The setting and Delia's detailed description of things were just perfect. Well done and a must read.
 What a great read with a twisty end. This was a lesson about survival, loneliness and true love. Love of the animals and birds the shells and grasses and every creature in the marsh and love of a boy and girl.
 The story of a girl woven into the the life of the marsh and swamp of North Carolina.  This book is filled with images of wildlife, land, and the sea. An enchanting story, which you will not want to put down.
 This is a great read. Kya is such a strong protagonist but full of deep feelings.  The descriptions of where “the Marsh girl” lives , grows, loves and survives are poetry.<br/><br/>I recommend this book to everyone.  Couldn’t put it down and sad when it ended.
 Loved this book! Reminded me of Gillian Flynn's Dark Places in regards to atmosphere and flawed desperate characters. I was immediately emersed and drawn to the main characters and their connection to the mysterious plot. I hope Delia keeps writing books like these! Beautiful!
 From the first page this book swept me up into Kya’s life.  It look me on a long poignant journey filled with the wonders and heartbreak.  It’s also a story with a mystery that will keep you guessing.  I couldn’t put it down.
 After reading about a third of this book, I am not sure I will continue.  I can't imagine the author has ever been to NC or even seen a map of the state. (Asheville is not close to the coast and in the 1950s, the roads would have made it an even longer trip. Raleigh would have been the place to go for Veterans' questions.)  She seems to know nothing of the seasons there (autumn and winter can be cold, even along the coast.) The characters frolic in the sun and surf in 1960 at the same time there was an actual hurricane on the coast. Her use of quotation marks around several Southernisms seems to be her way of saying "look, isn't this cute" but it breaks up the narration and is a huge distraction. Her depiction of the black characters is stereotypical. Using A Sand County Almanac as a first reader is totally ridiculous-- it's a wonderful book, but not a book for beginning readers. She seems to think the NC coast resembles Florida--the story would be much more believable if set there. I am glad I got this from the library.
 I prefer non-fiction but read "Where the Crawdads Sing" on a friend's recommendation - plus the title and setting drew me in.  What a read!  So well-done, all in a descriptive writing style that beautifully captures every character, every story element, and every subtle nuance.
 When a book immediately pulls me into its world I know it is going to be a great read!<br/>Reminiscent of "The Secret Life of Bees", this is a coming of age story that has compelling characters and an active plot that leaves the reader engrossed and engaged. I started this book on a flight home from vacation, and finished in one day - I couldn't put it down!
 Couldn’t put it down. Story of Relationships - connection, solitude and loss. There was also a line of suspense running through it to keep me interested. Good thoughts about nature and how animal behavior explains our own . I really enjoyed this book
 Once I started this book, I couldn’t put it down. Lush prose, beautifully drawn characters and a plot that weaves a spell over the reader make for truly memorable novel. I was sorry to see it end.
 Liked the descriptions of the swamp. Enjoyed the twisting and turning of the light plot. Felt empathy for Kaya for being different. She was as secret as the marshes where she lived.
 Absolutely brilliant. I could not put it down even with tears in my eyes. I could see the birds and the marsh in the beautifully described scenes. I want to go to where the crawdads sing!
 This is not my usual genre.  The imagery for the book is amazing!  You can literally hear and see everything the author is telling you.  It was a decent read of me.  Very unpredictable ending.
 I cannot giveaway the ending, every page is a must read.  Kya,sensitive and lonely, makes her family from the marsh.<br/>Isolated and abandoned, she lives in her shack and survives<br/>I could not put this book down!
 A beautiful novel with rich characters and background, which becomes a character within itself!  I did not want the story to end...I could have read more and more!  There was easily enough left out that there could have been another book!
 I only post a few reviews on books  this book is worth writing a review the book kept my interest the  Whole way  through I couldn’t wait to read it every night I have recommended this book to all of my friends  Who loves to read a good book
 Very few authors have the talent that allows us to walk in the shoes of another human being. This book did just that and I cherish the emotions I had while reading this amazing book.
 Where the Crawdads Sing, is so heart wrenching. Just thinking about a child living alone and surviving.<br/>I recommended the book before I finished it. Kya is a delightful character. The book just keeps you wanting for more page after page.
 I never heard of the author until this book and after reading I was hooked!  I am now reading her previous novels with enjoyment!  She must have gotten a better agent for this novel!?
 I hard a very hard time putting this novel down. The words are beautiful, the story draws you in, and you fall in love with the characters. They are so human, and yet also follow the laws of nature.  It’s a fascinating parallel that is not demeaning to us as a species, but framed from the viewpoint of a naturalist.  I highly recommend this book.
 I loved this book about the marshy coast and an abandoned girl who lived alone for over 10 years. I especially enjoyed her learning to read, write, add, and subtract. It was wonderful that she became a successful author with fabulous drawings. SP
 Owen's powers of observation of nature and her ability to describe the habitat and all of its life forms woven into a human story that mirrors the marsh's birds and insects is simply brilliant !!!  ed loeb
 I loved this book. Kya, the protagonist, was so loveable. Her young life was so tragic but she found Love eventually.<br/>The story totally enclosed me — I couldn’t put it down but didn’t want it to end.
 Living alone in the wetlands of the North Carolina Coast,  Kya is scorned, and bullied by the townspeople, who have no comprehension of her innate talent, genius and knowledge of the marsh and its ecosystem. Love, Fear, and a Murder, are the heart of this gripping story which had me stopping time, and resisting sleep to Read!
 Wasn't sure if I was going to like this novel but it drew me in rather quickly. The authors voice is coarse however, it becomes intentionally more refined as the charters develop. Owens has created a modern classic by entwining several story lines to lead the reader to fall in love with the marsh girl.
 There are so.many beautiful descriptions of nature in this creative novel about a girl growing up and surviving under very difficult circumstances in a marsh environment.  Novel captures your attention at the beginning and holds it to the last page. It is a memorable story.
 Best book I’ve read in a long time , keeping it to read again later, very deep message that hit me about being alone , left alon and feeling alone , betrayal, trust and true love
 Absolutely loved this book from start to finish.  Definitely one of my favorites for the year.  I like the way she writes as there weren’t any slow parts and I loved the characters.  Hope she writes another book soon.
 Owens painted vivid scenery with her writing. The descriptions of the Marsh where Kya grows clearly demonstrates the passion the author has for the location and environment. Without giving too much away, I felt some parts of the book were too drawn out. I’m also not extremely passionate about science or wildlife so a lot of the analogies and connections throughout the book bored me. But if you love science and mystery with a hint of sad romance-this is book is for you.
 This sensitive, exciting and interesting tale is a great mix. Beautiful nature descriptions and mood, society prejudices , love, abuse, mystery and more! Very capable writing and good ending.
 A spectacular example of what a novel can be. Fine writing, an absorbing plot, a commentary on an interesting society, a believable but complicated love affair, clearly drawn believable characters. In short, an experience not to be missed
 Beautifully written - at times, lyrical and poetic.  So descriptive - you almost feel like you are in the marsh.  I have to admit, I didn't anticipate the ending.  I loved this book
 The book was very interesting and the style of writing was beautiful. I felt like I was there and could see, hear and smell everything. A surprise ending but it was predictable.
 One of the best books I have read in a while.  Was a book club choice that found every member praising the book.  Story was great, some twists and turns, sad in parts, suspense, wonder.
 The book was well written and beautifully organized.  It was a thriller, believable and mystic.  I could not put it down.<br/>A psychologist would have a picnic with this book.  The very idea of a young child existing in dangerous conditions and<br/>doing a pretty good job of surviving without outside help hard to believe.
 I first read the many reviews that talked about the beautiful writing and how the author put you in the scenes. They are correct. Very beautifully written. Such a touching book.
 A great read. Well researched. Very well written.  Did I say well written. I will say it again. This book is well written  One of those books were you look forward to going to bed at nine so you can read it
 Loved the exposure to the marsh, the natives of Barkley Cove, the diversity of the inhabitants  and the courage of the main character.  Try it, you too will be enchanted and enthralled.
 I can't say enough about this book. The story had everything--the detail of the marsh made me feel as if I was in it.--from sadness, happiness, anger etc.... a very well written book.  Bravo!
 A heart wrenching story of the human need for love and acceptance with an unexpected ending. I didn’t want to put it down, but mourned the thought of finishing it. It’s the reaction I long for from a book but rarely feel.
 I bought this book for my mom, and she LOVED IT! I read it as well, and my mom has now leant it out to two other people and bought it for another friend of hers! Great story, great writing. Large font
 This was a book club read that I at first found hard to feel the pain of this child and the life that was given her.  Then I was lifted up by her resilience and need to learn about all the things that so many of us walk right by every day with out giving a second thought to.  The mystery part held me right to the end and I pride myself in being able to figure these out early.  Great read and so glad I read it.
 A mystery novel, yes, but a brilliant expose of the flora and fauna, intertwined with mystery suspense, history of the area, and the story of Kyra and her journey, and epic struggles. I cannot compliment the author enough, for this is truly a "labor of love"!
 It is fine art. Purples and blues dominate with golds, oranges and yellows balancing the composition. The story touches the heart and explains why loneliness is so difficult. Thank you, Delia Owens, for sharing your mighty gifts with us.
 This book is beautifully-written. The characters come alive, and the scenery is breathtaking. I alternated between the Kindle and Audible versions. The Audible version is also fabulous, because the reader makes everything seem so vivid. One of the better books I have read in recent years.
 This book was so interesting. I loved the way the story was told and how Kya survived. Her strength and resilience made the reader realize that a woman can do anything that she puts her mind too.
 What a wonderful read, lots of unexpected turns in story. Only problem was that once started reading had to stay up and finish. My wife read it after I did and thoroughly love it.
 There are parts that are a little overly wordy that seem to strain in their descriptions, but this is a beautiful story of a compelling character. And you'll learn a lot about nature as you read.
 This book is so skillfully written.  Owens uses deliciously descriptive language to paint a scene, to steer our emotions.  It is like a boat ride through the marsh full of twists and turns and surprises when you least expect them.  Although this book emphasizes the importance of connection with nature, the author provides a compelling story.  I could hardly put the book down.
 This novel held me tighter than anything I've read in a long time.  I loved every character, experience of nature, emotion, blending of all of these.  My strongest possible recommendation.
 This book held my interest, and was well written, but didn't feel particularly special to me. I kept waiting for something profound to happen to that would impact me, however it never really did.
 I so enjoyed this book! Maybe a little predictable but still well worth reading. My imagination could sore with the descriptive writing and I learned a great deal in the process.
 This author has a way of describing the setting in a natural way, creating the scene for the reader in an unobtrusive way.  The story reminds me very much of an old book by Gene Stratton Porter, who was also an expert in her field of natural biology, called "A Girl of the Limberlost". Despite the strong similarities, I enjoyed this story just as much.
 This book kept me engaged. I was a little upset at the end but I can't explain without giving a spoiler. I thought there was a lack of logic in a couple of the clues at the end. Still, a good book.
 Found the book to be an entertaining, yet typical murder mystery. It's a fast read and enjoyable descriptions of the marsh wildlife and lifestyle. You fall in love with Kya, because of her innocence.. A pleasurable read.
 Wow!  What an awesome novel.  I haven't enjoyed a novel like this in a long time.  I can relate to the many happenings of this young girl throughout my life.  I couldn't put this book down until the very end.  A must re-read for me.
 It was a bit of a slow start. But picked up halfway through. I enjoyed it. The story of how discrimination and rumors and people's perception of others because of how they look is sad.
 Sure a beautifully written book that kept me smiling and crying the whole time. Makes me look at nature and the world around me different. This is one of the few books I would happily read again.
 I liked the suspense of each character, and the emotions felt by Kya.  I did feel the ended was very rushed compared to the rest of the book, but overall it was a great read.
 I went into reading this book skeptical because of reviews but I’m glad I bought it, it’s amazing! I have to agree on some comments about the accent and slang kinda sounds like a group in the deep Mississippi hehe but it doesn’t last long and story told allows you to not focus on little things.  Phenomenal writing! Will definitely read again one day. Enjoy!!!!
 It’s a book ‘you can’t put down’ - except towards the end when I had to stop for a minute or two to dry my tears.  It’s truly a story for the ages, covering many of the social issues that we have had through the years and still have.
 The author's use of the English language is marvelous! Very refreshing. The plot is easy to follow, and her descriptions are creative and really help to understand what is going on.
 I loved this book. It was totally enthralling I could not put it down. Reading it you felt like you were right there in the marsh and could feel the love and connection Kya felt for it. Aa well as the isolation she felt being alone in it. Although I read the kindle version I plan on buying at least 2 hard copies to give as gifts.
 This is one of the best books I've read in awhile.I read it in three days.The main character in the book is complicated and your heart goes out to her.She survives no matter what is thrown at her.I highly recommend getting this book.
 Beautifully written account of the strength that one young woman draws from nature. A wonder of resilience couples with an old fashioned mystery to make this a compelling story.
 I loved this book. So beautifully descriptive. I loved reading about the swamp birds, shells and plants. I felt like I was in the swamp with her. And then there’s the murder lurking in the background. It’s very unusual to have such a beautifully descriptive book also contain a compelling mystery. This was a double treat for me.
 After reading so many good reviews I had to see what the hype was all about and i'm so glad I did.  I couldn't wait to finish it but also didn't want it to end.  This book is wonderful!
 This book was an easy read.  Took me two days, could not put it down.  It was a beautiful but humbling story.  I felt I knew the characters as my intimate friends and missed them when the book was complete.  Highly recommend.  I am still thinking about it
 My Book Club read this and we all thoroughly enjoyed it.  Lots to discuss and yet just a book you could read for your own pleasure.  I've passed along my copy.....and it got the same response.
 A book with quality and depth.  Could not put this book down.  When I was not reading, I was thinking about Kya and all her tribulations along her way by herself.  I am glad there was so much beauty along her way.  Would recommend this book to all my friends and family.
 Anyone who doesn’t read this book is missing something in his life. A book of love and melody ,of music and song . all this wrapped in a murder mystery.  Thank you for creating the world of the marsh. I loved it.
 I loved this book. We read it for our Book Club Andrea everyone loved it. The author did a great job developing the characters. There were some twists and turns that were surprising. This is a must read!
 We all adored this book. Lyrical writing about the natural world and one unusual child/young woman. There is a bit of mystery that keeps one guessing until the last page!
 This is a story in which the young protagonist survives and even thrives despite the cruel judgments from others born from differences due to class and appearance.  This story has a timely and relevant message, highlighting the need to tip the balance from judgment to acceptance in our world.
 The little girl of six, watched as her mother walks down the lane in her gator shoes carrying her blue case. And watched as each of her brothers and sisters abandoned Kya to the harshness of the marsh. Read this book to experience her strength, her resilience, her love of the wild, "out yonder where the crawdads sing!"
 What a wonderful book. I cannot belive it is the authors first fiction.  Both well written and engrossing. You can almost feel this tale as you read through the pages. I thoroughly enjoyed and would recommend this book..
 One of those books you can’t put down. Beautifully written. You can see the marsh in your mind. I used to live in NC near a marsh area and was reminded how fascinating and beautiful it was.
 I'm a guy, this book caused me to cry. Very vivid and moving, it is creative and realistic. A great love story and adventure story, I was never bored. I recommend this book.
 I was drawn into the lives of the characters from the first paragraph. The book explored family and other relationships and how fear cripples us. I can't wait for the next one.
 I liked the book and at the end was very interesting regarding the trail and time after that.  We never find out who the murder was or how she got the neckless back?  Lots to think about without being in the book.  I still think about.
 This is a book that takes you directly to a place and allows you to immerse yourself in the story. Almost becoming a part of it yourself. I never saw the ending coming!!
 Beautiful book for all ages. truly nuanced, fresh and darkly disturbing at times.<br/>the main character is a heroine, survivor, misanthrope, sociopath, artist. she is to be loved and feared.
 A unique read that will stay in your mind for days after you’ve finished. The setting and characters are unlike any I’ve read about before, and I enjoyed learning new things about swamp living.
 This is the 1st book I've thoroughly enjoyed in a while.  We read it for our book club &amp; loved by all!  our meeting went almost an extra hour with all of the discussions.
 I couldn't put it down! Not since Prodigal Summer, have I been so moved by a book! The atmosphere of the marsh and it's inhabitants is palpable. If you close your eyes you can feel it and smell the richness it breeds. Kya is such a sad waif and a strong girl\ woman. I just did NOT want this book to end.. Just beautifully written
 I loved this book. So different but a great mystery. I feel like i know the marsh and it's animals,fish and birds from this book of fiction. My heart is wrenched for this little girl who bore prejudice with such fierceness.
 The Marsh Girl, Kya, was abandoned by everyone in her life. Even the locals had abandoned her. She was left to fend for herself. She made quite a name for herself. This book had me full of emotions time and time again. I even cried. I am happy with the twist at the end though. Kudos to Kya.
 I was so upset when everyone left this little girl all alone. But with the help of a few special people she really surprises everyone. A great read. The ending is surprising and not so surprising.
 A friend recommended this book and I am so glad she did. It is beautifully written and will transport you to the Carolina coast and its wildlife. The writing brings these characters and scenery to life in as you read. You’ll fall in love with the Marsh girl, crying at every challenge she faces and rejoicing in her victories.
 A beautifully written novel about an abandoned girl who learns about life by observing the bounty of natural life that surrounds her small piece of swamp and coastal waters. And with her small handful of friends she learns about love and the steadfast of true friendship.
 As I read this book I gained knowledge about the marshlands of our coastal states and I found Kya fascinating and then a person to be looked up to. And in the end I cried.
 I loved this book so much! I picked it up with the plan to read just a few chapters to make sure it would be a good pick for my book club. I could not put it down and read the whole book over a weekend. It’s been a long time since I read a book that really moved my soul. It’s beautifully written and you feel both drawn to the characters as well as the landscape of the North Carolina marshlands. I cannot recommend this book enough, I can’t wait to share it with my book club!!
 An excellent read.  You are transported to the marsh and experience every day as “The Marsh Girl”.<br/>I did not want it to end.<br/>The best book I’ve read in a long, long time.
 A beautiful story of survival against all odds. I loved this book from the first page till the last. I was sad when it ended. One of the best books I've read in years.
 I absolutely loved this book and was sorry to see it end.  The ending was a complete surprise!  Looking forward to reading more books by this author.  It's also a book you hate to put down.
 Your interest is held throughout as you marvel at the resourcefulness and innocence of such an isolated human being.<br/>Life was grand until meeting up with humanities egotists.
 One of the best books I've read in many years. Incredible writing. You can see the marsh, smell the earth and grass, and feel the love of nature in this story - and WHAT a story!
 I loved this book.  Not only was it a must read, couldn't put it down, it was educational.  The ending shocked me and I am going to recommend this book for my book club.
 There are so many good qualities to this novel. The description of the setting that is so strong it becomes a character itself.. The struggle between the main character and the society of the town is very well defined. Man against nature is a strong theme used throughout the novel.<br/>I loved the book and it will stay with me for a long time.  The characters are memorable and I am sure I will remember them always.
 I loved the character development and the scientific details about the birds and wildlife of the coastal marshes. It was mind consuming to try and identify with Kya and her choices.
 Excellent book.  A unique story, with maybe a few implausible premises, but after getting past those, I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spent in this book.  With memorable characters, a good paced and well developed plot, and a very readable style, I can highly recommend this book.
 WOW!!!  A real page turner.  Extremely well written. One of those kind you can't put down and then when you finish it you are sad because it's all over.  ust as good as John Grisham  Or Jodie Picoult!!!
 Hard to believe that this is Delias' first Novel , it is amazing and I hated to put it down even for a second. Kyas' natural world taught her all she needed to know to survive, to adapt and to love...
 It took me a chapter or two to get into this book but once I did, I couldn't put it down. There is such sadness throughout the book, it's definitely not a happy book to read ... but it is a beautifully told story. Well worth your time! I don't think I'll be forgetting this book for some time.
 I was sorry to finish this beautifully written novel. Bountiful in descriptive prose and scattered poetry; the Marsh came alive as the center of this stark tale of human loneliness. To feel the deep pain of a young girl marked as unworthy to an entire town, less a few, is to understand walls of people shut out. I loved this story and won’t soon forget it.
 A little girl learns survival skills at such a young age as she is left to her own devises to exist. Her isolation affects her views of the world and how others see her. Excellent book.
 Unexpected  turns and twists in the storyline that holds  the reader's interest.  Great character development.  Well worth  reading and learning about  America's marshland.
 I read this book based purely on reviews posted. I was not left disappointed and would recommend it to anyone wanting an experience dealing with human emotions and the undeniable fact that every individual has a story to tell. That story sometimes will resonate in the minds of many others. This book has left an indelible image in my mind. The authors' ability to capture this message so eloquently, is commendable.
 Interesting descriptions of low country living. Story line weak. From a mystery/murder who done it, not believable. Too drawn out. Is law enforcement really that dumb?
 A well written book of survival.it is a heart warming story of love or not receiving love. It Has an unusual ending one of revenge well deserved. I read the book in a day. Loved it
 Beautifully written, totally captivating, I could barely put the book down.  Delia Owens perfectly defines the many aspects of being alone - both sorrowful and glorious.  This was a very thought-provoking novel that touches your heart and reminds us of the need for acceptance of one another. I highly recommend this book.
 A beautifully written story, that I could barely put down, that takes place in a part of the country I’ve never been and was fascinated  and surprised at every turn.
 Such beautiful sentences I found myself rereading often. Fascinating character in Kya such strength and so tragic. Looking forward to discussion with my book group.
 This was an amazing book. The writing was beautifully descriptive without being overly done. The story keeps you turning the pages. It’s been many years since I read an entire book in a day, but I couldn’t put this one down.
 I was awed by the powers of survival of a little girl, abandoned by her family, and able to go on even with the loneliness of her existence and the prejudice of the towns people.
 This title somehow got charged to me.  That wouldn't be so bad except it will not download to my Kindle Fire.  It says download que'd.  It will still not download.  I have been having trouble with downloading and things showing up on my kindle and I suspect it has to do with Alexa showing up on my kindle.  I am about to get rid of this monstrosity.
 One of the best books I have read. I must admit that I was surprised at the ending. I thought Tate would have been more involved. The book was a testament for what a person can do even without a formal education.
 This story is compelling, beautiful and tragic all at the same time. The author did a fantastic job of bringing it all together in a most memorable story. Thank you Delia Owens.
 An amazing survival story of a young girl left to fend for herself.  I has a surprising ending that I didn't see coming.  You won't regret buying/reading this book.
 The basic needs for survival include love.  This story is beautifully told.  Clearly our heroine is complex, finding love in nature and struggling to find trust in mankind.
 A tale of incredible resilience and sadness for families who cannot close .I enjoyed the description of the landscape ,the water ,boating birds etc ,it was inspiring ..
 I enjoyed this book immensely. Nature lovers will receive a bonus as the ecosystem of the marsh and coast of the low county is a majuro player. Looking forward to the author's next book.
 loved the characters, the subject matter, learned a lot about marshes, the kindnesses of a few people that helped Kya make a life for herself that gave her much joy amid so many hardships.
 Beautifully written.  The background of the murder aligns nicely with the general mystery of the marsh, a place in the 1960's which had not really been mainstreamed yet.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book, and in fact, it's one of my favorite books.  I can't believe this is the author's first book of fiction.  She's a good writer.  I hope she writes another one soon.  I liked the characters, and the story moved along at a nice pace.  I recommend this book.  You need to read it.
 I read many books and this one is by far the best this year! I can't say enough so I won't. Complex....ethereal... gorgeous.....amazing.  I will never forget this story or Kya.
 This is a great read. Her characters came alive and her description of the marshes, woods and ocean were all so real.<br/>I’m hoping she writes another book soon.
 I enjoyed reading this novel. In fact, I couldn't put it down. It left me wanting more from the story, and left me sad at the same time. I highly recommend this read, if none other than to learn about our shoreline on the east coast.
 Predictable.  Can't imagine a mature adult liking this story. Geared toward young adult.
 Thus is one of the best books I have read in a long time and I read books constantly.  It's not only a love story, but also a suspense.  I truly enjoyed it from the beginning till the end.
 The story was sad in the beginning, but it showed how a poor girl learned about herself and nature and how anyone can learn about anything if you are helped by those you meet during your life.
 A stunning intriguing book. The book is both artistic and poetic in construction, but raw and fundamental in its storyline.  A thought provoking  read. Well done.
 There are not enough words to describe the magnificence of this story!! One of the best books I have read in years!! I didn’t want it end and I could read it again!!
 I really enjoyed this book alot. This author is a great writer. I dont usually pay this much to have a book sent over but i took a chance and it was worth it. I will be reading more of  this authors books. Read this book you wont be disappointed
 A haunting, lyrical debut of an abandoned child, “The Marsh Girl” and the murder that will force her into a world that has rejected her. A poignant, magical read.
 This is one of the best books I have read in many years. The story twists and turns keeping you enable to put it down.  It's an amazing work beautifully written.
 This is a great book.  Descriptive regarding nature and the marsh of North Carolina coast.  Somewhat depressing as a young woman fights to exist but discovers happiness in being totally alone.
 This book was a definite page turner.  I liked how the author went from past to present with the characters and also taught us about the marsh country.  It was very well written and I wanted to know the ending but then I had "book grief" when I finished it.  I wanted more.
 I loved Dalia’s 3 other books and was just as immersed reading this first novel of hers.  It is beautifully written, a wonderful story full of emotion, detail and insight about nature.
 Female perspective and experience of life in an enthralling tale that follows a young girl who makes the most of being an outsider as she lives out her life through adulthood.
 Wow! I loved this book. Such great character development and descriptive writing transported me to the wild marsh of North Carolina and I felt like I knew the people there. Beautiful writing that flowed so naturally. I didn’t want the book to end! I wanted to stay there, with those people and their land.
 Reading this book was an absolutely beautiful experience that touched me deeply.<br/>After reading it, I can't wait to share it with the people I love.<br/>Do not pass up this book. It is a treasure.
 Beautifully written; the nature scenes are evocative and immersive. The story was compelling, but in the end, not completely believable. Enjoyed the book, however.
 Very compelling read.  The author's writing style excels in description and slow and believable character development.  It's a page-turner.  Usually in bed by 10 p.m., I had to stay up until 1:30 to find out who-done-it.<br/><br/>Good story of an independent woman living alone in the bayou.
 A compelling story that hooks you early and just gets better as you go.  The characters are very well-developed, and you will find the heroine to be an amazing woman.
 It was sad, it was uplifting, it was making me cry and angry and the ending left me surprised although I think I knew it had to end like that. Can't wait for another read from the author!!
 This book was very well written and I found myself hurrying to get chores done and get back to it.  The ending however, was a complete surprise.  Wonderful story
 This was a beautifully written book which was hard to put down Her descriptions of the marsh made me feel like I was there and could here the insects and birds. The characters were all well defined. Excellent book!
 I could not put this down. A wonderful writer. A great coming of age story. I liked the court room part and the twist at the end. This book certainly will hold your interest.
 I loved this book. I loved the main characters and the flow of the writing. I particularly loved the authenticity of the main character Kya. The story is engaging and holds your interest. One of the best books I’ve read in a while.
 Nature and it's secrets are very important to me.  Reading about the life of Kya and her survival thru her understanding of nature was excellent.  I could not put this book down!  Loved it.
 Loved the book.  The characters are deep and the location and description details were amazing.  Really didn't want.it to end.  I plan on reading the.author's nonfiction books as well, as Afriica is Eden.
 Wow! The story keeps you engaged and wanting for more, but the true magic of this book lies in the artistic way the life in the marsh is described: the Disney World of nature lovers.  Wow!
 This is a great book!  Love it through and through!  The writing is beautiful.<br/><br/>The end is the best part of the whole book, but the whole book is great!
 Loved this novel more than I expected to.  Gained knowledge of the marshland and all of the wild life it offers.  The main character so different from what I know and comfort zone.
 This is such a unique, compelling story. The author took something so unbelievable and made it believable, powerful and strong. I rooted for this character and somehow understood if not forgave everyone who let her down.
 This didn’t really sound like a story I would love but I read it because of its popularity.  So glad I did.  It’s a unique and beautiful with a great story to tell!
 I loved everything about this book. The writing was strong as was the character development. The mental images I made are so were strong thatI felt myself right there with Kya. Excellent book.
 I read it for book club. I liked the mystery of the killing. Also, Abandonment issue which is so common in many societies. I,myself, felt abandoned when my mother passed away when I was 8yrs. old. My dad was never very affectionate and he spent his evenings drinking and playing cards at a bar.<br/>I was on my own most of the time. I married my high school sweetheart at age 17 and his family became mine.
 The author was good at giving the descriptions of the people and explaining why they reacted the way they did.
 I found this first novel to be hauntingly good.  It made me seriously think about prejudice, nature and it 's interaction with humanity in many direct and profound ways. I am still being affected by this incredible novel a week after I finished reading it.  If this author has five more novels right now. I would happily read all of them.  I personally think this book is Pulitzer material.
 A good book stays with you, sets your mood even after you set it down and makes it hard to start another book because you aren't ready to let this one go. Where the Crawdads Sing was that book for me. I want to visit the salt marsh, I want to go to the surf and sink my toes in wet sand and, strangely, I have a strong craving for grits. What a great read.
 It's great when a non-fiction writer puts all their observatory talents into descriptions into a work of fiction. I felt as if I was where the crawdads sing.
 Musical and mystical descriptions throughout - of the fear, meanness  and prejudice of a small town; of the beauty, life cycles and complexity of the coastal marshland; and a glorious girl/woman abandoned as a child adapting, surviving and thriving.<br/>EXCELLENT READ
 Beautiful, vibrant descriptive writing.  And a great ending!!  I loved every page.  Delia Owens is masterful in her writing. I hope this is not her only novel.
 I liked the story and liked the surprise ending but hate the going back and forth telling the story--please just tell the story and not going back for years---
 This book merits a galaxy of stars.  I finished the kindle edition and immediately looked to see if the hardcopy was illustrated.  It is not, but -- Publisher, take note -- there should be a fine, illustrated edition with pen and ink drawings of the flora and fauna that is described to beautifully.  This is a truly exceptional book.  The Crawdads sing of drama, nature, poetry, and art.
 My first read of Delia Owens<br/>Actually what caught my interest was the title!<br/>Found very enjoyable<br/>I will follow her and read more of her writes
 This book is a 'can't put it down book' that will capture you immediately.  It will challenge your beliefs and make you appreciate the wonders of nature and the good in humanity.
 I enjoyed reading this book. An easy read and a good unique story.  The story will take you through many emotions with a satisfying ending. I will recommend this book
 Kya overcomes and yet doesn't everything that she endures. This book is heartfelt the characters are well developed and you will think about it for days after you finish it.
 An absolutely fabulous book that I read it in one day.  Such a fabulous character with a intriguing plot.  No wonder it’s on the best sellers list.  Deservedly so!
 This is a wonderful book about a young girl abandoned by her parents and siblings and how she raises herself through sheer will and grit! They call her the Marsh Girl.  Excellent read!
 This book was so hard to get into. Throughout the book, I had no idea where the story was going and wondered when it would get to the point. It ended up being okay by the end but I was glad when I finally finished it so I could move on to something else.
 I enjoyed the story of a child who overcomes so much hardship in her life, but, ultimately, will always have scars from her trauma. It is well written, drawing you into the life of this abandoned girl. Sadly, there are many similar stories in the news today, whether it's a refugee camp for children built at our border or children left at home to fend for themselves. As a society, we need to do better.
 A fascinating story of a girl’s survival as she grows up alone in a sea marsh. Abandoned by everyone, she learns to embrace the nature around her and creates a life for herself, albeit a lonely one. A mysterious murder parallels her story, eventually merging the time lines. Beautifully written, this story will stay with me.
 This novel had me from the beginning. Read it in two days. Hard to put down. What an amazing first book for this author. Looking forward to more novels from her.
 I liked the character development. The characters were all wonderfully described.<br/>She experienced abuse, abandonment, sorrow, but her inner strength and determination saw her though all her rejections and pain.
 I recommend this book to everyone who has ever been disappointed, found love in unexpected places, and not been secure in their community for any reason. I
 I would have given this a five star review of not for what I feel is overboard on descriptive detail which distracts from the story and makes it feel, at times, like reading a homework assignment.
 I don't know how believable it was, but I enjoyed it.  The ending makes you smile.  I heard it is going to be made into a movie.  I look forward to seeing it.
 Beautiful descriptions of nature throughout the plot of this novel that serves a murder mystery and love triangle all in one. The characters are well fleshed out and compelling. The murder mystery trial is a bit unbelievable, but overall this novel is a triumph of prose and robust action that keeps the plot moving.
 I loved the story and the character development was so good. It was hard to put it down. To top it off there is a great surprise twist. Good, good reading!
 Well written heartfelt book about the swamp, a girl and her life. The characters are large and rich. There souls show. A love story, a book about nature, a murder and loneliness. I laughed cried and kept reading. The authors words are so picturesque you see what’s she’s writing. Thanks Nancy for telling me to read. This would make a very good movie. Thoughts of Pat Conroe as I read.
 Such profound loss and life long isolation. I’m glad Kya found others in her trial. Beautiful story of survival and creative energy
 I was so pulled to this book from beginning to end. The amazing detail of the marsh and the lives of the people without it. I’m so very glad I had a chance to read it.
 One of the finest books I have ever read. A touching story about the finest side of life and the lives out of the ordinary that can make an important contribution to society.
 This book has been recommended over and over, so I had to give it a try and chose it for my book club to read.  We really enjoyed it and had great discussions about it.  Great detail and imagery.
 While I truly enjoyed the main characters in this story, the setting, and the strong will to survive that was displayed, I was mildly disappointed with the ending.
 This book tells a lovely story and is a great read. I preferred it to Kingsolver's latest book (did anyone else see similarities?) I would recommend this.
 Good enough story about a girl growing up isolated in North Carolina marshes.  What I liked best were the fascinating descriptions of the nature of marsh life.
 This was a very engaging and interesting read.  Loved the characters and the way the author made the reader feel like we, too, we're in the middle of the marshes of North Carolina.
 The writing is lyrical and vividly draws you into the marshland where Kya becomes a powerful yet gentle soul you want to spend more time with.  I loved everything about this book and can’t wait for her next book.
 Liked everything about this book...I read a lot of books, but rarely find one that you don’t want to end....Kya becomes so alive as you read it...can’t say enough good
 Couch, blanket,, cold &amp; snowy and a good book.  Wonderful book about a young girl growing up on her own in the Florida Everglades and what she accomplished in her lifetime.
 This eloquent book held my eyes for uninterrupted hours of pleasure and intrigue.<br/>Living the low country myself, I now can look more deeply into its mystery by the authors gift of senses. The Marsh holds secrets for Kya and to readers who are taken into her world of love of nature and self.<br/>Beautifully written.
 I read this book in two days.  The Author made me feel like part of this story.......I could feel the emotion and I felt part of the scenery.  Great job!
 Beautifully written, a story of love, loss, abandonment and forgiveness.  I honestly did not want the book to end.  It is truly a modern day masterpiece.
 The precious novel has just become one of my favorites. Beautiful detail of the marsh sucks the reader in and surrounds the heart with its warmth. I simply could not put it down. I feel as if I have lived there, and know the characters personally.
 One of the best books I have read.  I could not put this book down.  This book is a must read for educators.  So many children are living a life so similar as Kya in this day and time too.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book, and I agree with those that had rated the book as five star! I loved the vivid pictures that formed in my mind as I read the author's descriptive words that the brought the story to life!
 I loved this book and  couldn't put it down.The characters pulled me into their lives.Make sure to have tissues on hand, you will need them. I hated and loved the ending.I hope this author has many more of this kind of book in her!
 The characters, especially Kya, are so beautifully developed that the reader’s compassion and respect are genuine.  The author is an educated naturalist and poet, which adds grace and beauty to this haunting tale of loneliness, love, abandonment.  Kya will continue to dwell in my mind and heart!
 Loved this book it was amazing to me how someone can write, draw you in , and mesmerize you almost like reading poetry and at the same time keep you on "target" of the  important story unfolding.  This is more than a winner.
 Wonderful book of the Southern marshes and story of a young girl who grows up and survives on her own.  Great growing up story and her impressive turnout.
 This was a real page turner.  I could not put this book down. It has been a long time since I have had a book hold my interest as this one did.  I loved the timeline the author used  - so creative -  the poetry and the ending are all winners.  This is her debut book.  I can't wait to read something else she might write in the future.  Mrs. Bieliski
 I am trying to broaden my reading “base” and this was far from my normal.  I really enjoyed the story and the writing. I read it almost straight through, it’s a tale which might have felt like many others but the turns the story takes are different and interesting.
 I loved the pictures that were painted in words of the scene of the story. I could visualise everything  and loved the feeling of almost being in the salty marsh myself. This is a must read. The poetry randomly scattered throughout was beautiful.
 The lonely life of a child that no one seemed to care about or try to help.  The cruelty of people is heart breaking.  This is a haunting story of resilience and survival.
 Absolutely loved this book. Between the beautiful prose and the life of Kya I felt woven with her and loved how the author keeps us guessing to the end.
 This a beautiful story of a young girl abandoned very young to fend for herself in the back water marshes. The author led you through a young girl’s slow knowledge of all creatures around her and just gaining respect and appreciation. Nature was her teacher. I really loved this story and the relationship between Kya and Tate and JumpiN”. THE BOOKS LEAVE A TEASER ABOUT WHO REALLY KILLED Chase  And that is it let’s you guess who did it or several people conspired on Kya’s behalf.
 Loved this book. Beautiful. Complex. Engrossing. It was a layered and lush as the marsh she writes about. Very satisfying. Totally didn’t want it to end.
 I loved this book.  The descriptions of the marsh were awe inspiring.  Anyone who loves the water will be caught up in the wonderful story.  A rather surprising ending but maybe not.
 Kya....what a memorable name and character.  I often think of names as the blood that brings  the characters to life in a tale that so pulls at the heart strings.  I fell in love with her on page 1 and my love grew with every page thereafter.  Please give us more of Mrs. Owens tales.
 This writing reminds me of Pat Conroy’s, elegant and evocative in describing the sights, smells and sounds of the marshlands and its inhabitants. A book to be savored.
 An amazing story of abandonment and rescue by love. There is no way to explain this story, you must read it for yourself and envelop yourself in the experience. You won’t be disappointed
 This book takes you to a time and placefew have known, but the themes of courage, resiliency and search for love are Universal. I couldn’t put this one down.
 This is a book that will stay with me for a long time. Many times while reading this I was captivated by the way her words so vividly painted a picture in my mind. An example: The rain eased. A single drop, here then there, shook a leaf like the flick of a cat’s ear.  Best novel I have read in a very long time.
 Characters who burrow deep into your heart, a vivid sense of place, a cracking good story of romance and love, pathos and pain. I cried buckets at the ending, but I loved it.
 Reading this made me fall in love with the beauty of the swamp and the marsh. Beautiful descriptions and interesting characters!<br/>I couldn’t stop til I finished the book!
 Loved this book, once I started I couldn’t put it down.
 I thought this book was excellent.  I am a discriminating reader; I don’t like trite characters and formulaic storylines and this definitely had neither.  While a who-dunnit murder followed by a trial drove the narrative, I thought the development of the characters, mood, and setting was excellent.  The main character was unique and intriguing.  I will read more by this author.
 Impressive first novel.  Great characters, wonderful descriptions of beach and marsh, birds and marine life, of love and loss and loneliness and caring.
 This is a beautiful story with superb storytelling thrown in.  I became sad as the end of the book became near, knowing the experience of living this story through the authors eyes would soon end.  The author has researched the science behind the story extensively.  I have not enjoyed a book as much as this one in a very long time.
 I doubt that a more beautiful and emotionally pure book has ever been written.  Potential readers will miss an experience , if they fail to read this book.
 This was an interesting combination of mystery and the work of a naturalist author. Liked the novel and learned some tings about nature I didn't know.
 I was sad when this book ended and could not wait to read each evening. I cannot believe this is her first book and hope there is another in the works. I will probably buy several copies for Christmas presents because I have a new favorite book!
 Loved it. I felt very much the way I did when I read To Kill A Mockingbird back its hardback days. This is a wonderful story with a great ending!! I highly recommend it to everyone who likes a great read.
 I was drawn into this story right from the beginning, wonderful character development and beautiful descriptions of the coastal community. A great read
 Beautiful setting, characters, and story! The detailed descriptions of the landscape, the wild animals, and relationships are wonderful. Highly recommended for your next read!
 I don’t know why I hesitated to start this book.  I thought it would be boring.  Once I started I was in love with the story, the writing, the nature.  Read ASAP!
 This book was recommended to our book club this month. I enjoyed it so much that I read it twice before the meeting. I was completely immersed in the story from start to finish.
 Very well written with interesting characters and great attention to detail about the land and creatures. Heart wrenching at times; impossible to imagine at others it keeps one’s attention from page to page. Can’t wait for my book group to discuss it!
 A real joy to read. I felt so intemately close to Kya. Watching her grow and seeing the view of her world so heavely influenced by the nature she lived in was beautiful
 One of the finest books I’ve read in a long time. It moved me. It held my interest.. I learned so much about the North Carolina marshes and wildlife. How strong Kya was. I was sorry it ended as I could have read more about Kya and Tate.<br/>Carol B. Schectman
 I am a avid reader, this book is one of the best.  I compare this novel to “To Kill a Mockingbird”. This book is definitely a movie in the making. Hollywood, please make this movie!!!!!!
 Such a great book to read if you are looking for something a bit deeper and intriguing. The detail is rich and the storyline is nothing less than captivating.
 This is a story I will always remember.  It was so good that I did not want to put down my Kindle for anything.  Very well written and the characters were just everyday folks, but I will always remember them.
 I loved this book and the story it told. So many emotions and events pass thru your mind. I highly recommend this book.  You won't be able to put it down.
 This book does all the things a work of art aspires to, it gives you a complete environment,  allows entrance to a characters soul and dances through the enveloping story with grace.
 So engrossing and engaging. I loved Kya, she was so pure and smart. I miss her! Plus, I learned a good deal about the marsh and the world within it.
 I found that I couldn't put this book down.  However, logically, I found details of the story farfetched and not believable.  Perhaps the well-written story makes up for that.  I do not feel that the read was a waste of time but cannot in good conscience say that this was a memorable novel.
 Great book about the marsh, relationships, family and love. Keeps you coming back. Sad when you are finished. Realistic, with a great twist at the end.
 Outstanding, poinient, sad and yet hopeful till the very end. One falls so in love with it's story line and it's flawed characters. Breathtaking prose that takes you on the personal journey of a  life merged within the beauty of the planet that cares for her.
 Beautifully written.  The author manages to describe in such a way that made me feel I was there.  If only I could find another book this well written!!!
 I loved the details about her family, where she lived, her relationships and the court proceedings. Didn’t realize there were swamps in North Carolina.
 The book kept my interest. Fast read. Read it on a 12 hour flight to Japan. Good storyline. Some people in this world are just cruel and will take advantage of others.
 Writing was skillful -- nice images.<br/>Found the ending a little too formulaic and sometimes the narrative just seemed to go nowhere, but overall, I enjoyed the time that I spent.
 What a fantastic read.  I am not a good reader; I get bored really easy, but this book keeps you wondering what the main character, Kya, next obstacle is.  You can picture in your minds eye her growth and her homelife.  The writers ability to pull you into the scene is fantastic.  I absolutely loved everything about this book and look forward to reading more of her stories.
 Quality written story! This book is full of characters<br/> But the main character is a girl named Kya she is looking for<br/>Someone to love and be loved.
 Such wonderful characterization of The Marsh Girl and how she flitted in and out of your heart, always reminding the reader of what’s important in life and what’s absolutely not!
 The book was well written, thoughtful and provoking, but it was corny, sappy and stereotypical, describing an attempted rape as, “ancient genes for survival still persist in some undesirable forms among the twists and turns of man’s genetic code.”<br/><br/>Not for me.
 A wonderful story that described the marsh so beautifully. It made you want to find all the wonderful creatures that live there and the marsh girl too. I couldn't put it down.
 This book was excellent... absolutely enjoyed it.  It's been awhile where I couldn't put a book down.  I would wake up at 3 or 4am just to read it.
 Well written. Recently, during a particularly stressful time I was able to relax and appreciate this book and what it has to say about society and individualism. The attention to detail is excellent and the writing style engaging. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys thoughtful fiction.
 So captivating to the very end.  I loved the twists and turns of the story just like the twists and turns of the marsh.  I read this entire book in one afternoon because i couldn't put it down!  This book is a great description of human nature, a  moving look at  lonliness and the rawness of emotions.
 This book completely entertained me. I could not put it down. I have to write nine more words or Amazon won’t publish this though I have nothing more to say!!
 This is a great book. A story of heroes and villains and how a strong young woman overcomes adversity and finds true love.  Something for everyone.
 There is a lot to unpack in this story. I know I will be thinking about it for a long time. In fact I know I'll read it again. Wonderfully written.
 I enjoyed this book.  One of the best books I have listened to in a while. Good story line, not totally predictable.  I am going to look for other books by this author.
 This is a story that lures you in, captures your heart and weaves you in. I finished this book in two days, and again as Reese mentioned I wanted this story to go on and on. Lovely job Miss Delia Owens!
 Really enjoyed the book<br/>It was very different, but i realized for myself who was guilty<br/>Not many people. Could live the life she did but found the inner beauty-of life
 This book will stay with you for a long time.  The writing is wonderful, and the character development is superb. It is a love story, a mystery and a lesson in social strata.
 This novel is beautifully written. The story unfolds effortlessly with great respect and humility. We can see our place in the universe so clearly through her words.
 What a read!  I was hooked from the first page with beautiful imagery and an engaging story!  I could not put it down until I finished every word!
 This book is outstanding.  I couldn’t put it down!  Beautifully written, a powerful story of survival, and relevant to the “Me Too” times we now live in. I highly recommend reading this book!
 This is a great read! Beautiful writing, and a story that is both tragic and uplifting. I’ve. It read Ms. owen’s other books but I loved this one.
 Such a richly woven novel. The setting is abundant with color. The main character, Kya, is a childhood servivor; strong, resilient and likable. Owens paints a vivid picture of the other characters in this gripping novel, as well. No formula plot here!<br/>One of the best book club books ever chosen.
 One of the best books I have ready in a really long time. I couldn't wait to turn each page. I felt as if I were actually in nature. with Kya. It's a must read . . .
 Way overrated. Took half of the book for it to become even SLIGHTLY interesting. Also the ending was disappointing. Overall not a good book at all
 I could not put this book down. Brilliantly written with an intimate awarenesses and appreciation of nature. Love can happen even if there is no reason to believe in that possibility.
 This has now made it to my top five favorite books of all time. Delia Owens's novel is a gift to her readers. She put us right in Kya's North Carolina marsh and made us part of the gulls, fireflies, and shells that made up Kya's world. I tend to read books at a very leisurely pace and I devoured this novel in two days. Kya and her marsh will forever be with me.
 I felt like I was reading a Pat Conroy book.  Loved every moment.  I was so hoping that the last 100 pages would not disappoint.  It did not.  One of my absolute favorite books this year.
 This is a story so different from traditional storylines you can’t stop reading. For one, you can’t figure out how it’s going to end. Beyond that the author’s descriptive phraseology of the Swamp Girl’s life is like beautiful poetry. You won’t be disappointed.
 I cried 2 or 3 times while reading this book. Beautifully written novel. I was skeptical when I initially read the book description. I’m glad I picked it up. I couldn’t put it down.
 What a captivating story. A little sad while being happy.<br/>Very hard to stop pondering and thinking about it until you get to start reading again. Great story!
 All God's creatures will be nurtured and punished according to the laws of nature...yesterday, today, and forever more.  It is all according to an already established universal plan.  We just have to accept things we cannot explain and listen for our song to be sung.<br/>Delia Owens has shown us where to go....<br/>This book will be handed down to my grandchildren as required reading!!!
 I love this book! It’s easy to love and empathize with the book’s main character. The story flows well. The style is easy to follow and read. I was hooked and turning pages!
 What is this book about? Is it about the marsh? Appreciating the marsh? Studying the marsh? Is it about the connections people have with each other, what they mean to us, and how we react when those connections are lost? Is it about poetry appreciation? Is it a crime drama? I mean, it's all of these things, woven together into a captivating story that completely took over my life for the 3 days it took me to read it.
 This book is beautifully written.  You are pulled into the marsh immediately. The main characters are compelling. The descriptions of life in the wetlands transported the reader. It's also a great murder mystery.
 Although this book isn’t necessarily a “mystery”, I couldn’t put it down, it’s a real page-turner! It has a lot of themes about love, coming of age, prejudice and family. I would recommend it to everyone!
 Favorite book in a long time! The story draws you in and I didn't want it to end. Great mix of love, mystery and life lessons. Order this book now!
 This is the best book I've read in a very long time.  I felt like I was walking in the heroine's shoes as she stumbles through a life for which she is ill prepared!!
 The writing was so beautiful,  you could almost hear the music of the birds and insects.  Great story,  wonderful writing. Characters and environment came to life.
 This book didn't seem like much at first.  Once it took hold, it would not let go!  Thoroughly enjoyed each and every character!  A great read! Like everyone said!
 Beautifully written story connecting nature to soul. Reminds us that nature can be wonderfully unpredictable just like life.  Marsh girl would never have survived without it by her side.
 Beautifully composed like a wonderful piece of fine art painting unforgettable pictures. Sensual, moving and unpredictable. An emotional connection with all of the characters.
 Beautiful imagery and compelling plot line. It has been a long time since I have so regretted coming to the end of a book. My guess is that a film will be coming soon.
 I had a hard time putting this down at<br/>Night.  I found myself truly caring for the characters and  their future.  The writing and poetry are very moving.
 A brilliant work: a murder; a love story; a coming of age adventure; a some of the best nature writing anywhere. I can barely wait to reread it.
 A good writer that keeps rhe reader engaged with an absorbing story that spotlights racism and prejudice, resilience, ingenuity, and intelligence.
 Ms. Owens depicts the Marsh Girl and her surroundings with lyrical details about marsh life.  She wraps the rader in a sense of the marsh and of the lonely young girl's survival techniques.  I liked the book so much I oredered it for two family members.
 I care not to cause you to read a long, involved review of this book. Instead, please trust me when I tell you this is an amazing book that shouldn't be missed.
 I loved this book.  The story plot was most compelling and I gained a remarkable education on marsh life.  The author managed to grip the reader with the plight of the "Marsh Girl" and her experiences with abandonment,  abuse, survival and love.<br/>Don't miss this reading!
 Great mystery, with a twist!
 Best read I have read in years. There’s a little something for everyone in this book. It’s poetic, mysterious, beautiful and nastalgic for those who like myself have grown up in the south.
 This has to rate as one of the top 5 books I have ever read!  I can’t wait to read more of Delia Owens’ books !  This was her very first novel!
 Story was well written  about life in a small coastal town. Prejudice and charity are exemplified as the young girl struggles to survive in a marsh shack after her family disappears. The ending is unexpected.
 This is an unusual story that took many twists and turns, mystery and romance.  I usually read non-fiction.  This was great escape reading and hard to put down.
 The story was heartbreaking and yet inspiring that a child so unnurtured could accomplish much. Another reminder of how just one caring person can change someone's life for the better.
 This book had a wonderful theme running through it. Everyone needs love and when it is not reciprocal,it can make people sick<br/>This story is about nature and love and has a surprise ending.<br/>Loved the book.
 I  understand why this book is a best seller. A child abandoned in a wilderness yet wise beyond her years. Maturing to a beautiful woman who found her way to happiness.
 Had to keep reading this book, even when I should have been doing something else!  And sorry to have reached the end of this amazing story about the Marsh Girl.
 I just finished this book that I borrowed from the library. I have already downloaded my own copy on my Fire as I will reread it again and again. An incredible book and I highly recommend it.
 This is the best novel I have read in many years.<br/>Well developed characters, realistic and imperfect...made me look deeper into many things such as past judgements, prejudice, human nature, and nature.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone and everyone.
 A marvelous excursion through the simply complexed love of life and all natures critters, with a smell of the salty ocean and the calls of the gulls
 Having known Delia in a past life, I knew she was the author of non-fiction, but this literary product (her first novel) is exceptional. This book kept me enthralled at every page. Her words made me laugh, cry, wonder, learn, feel, smell, admire, and love. Recommend it highly.
 I loved "Where the Crawdads Sing".  It was a great story - sort of a coming-of-age with a little who-done-it.  I enjoyed the author's rich descriptions and her writing style was on par with other good literature (as opposed to just a book, it you get what I mean).  I give it 5 stars as a page turner from beginning to end.
 I enjoyed this book immensely. Not even sure how I found it. I have recommended it to all my reading buddies. It will warm your heart and make you cry. A beautiful and different novel.
 The best book I have read in a long time! Here’s so much to say but I don’t want to give anything away. Well written, thought-provoking, just outstanding.
 I didn't think I would like this book and couldn't imagine whole story revolving around a swamp girl.  I would definitely recommend this book.
 I must say that this is one of the best books I’ve read in a long time. The authors beautiful prose along with a fascinating story combined to make this an unforgettable read!
 This is one of the best books I have ever read and I read a couple of books per month.  You become immersed in the story at once and your emotions run the gambit throughout the read. the author is excellent in getting you involved and keeping you there.  The timing during history makes this story even more believable, especially if you grew up in the back country as I did.  Can't wait to read the next book.
 This is one slow read, but I am hanging in there.  I found a few uncomfortable racist undertones in the spoken dialog of the black characters.
 I read a lot of books but this is the best one I've read in a long time.  Such a study of loneliness, grief, despair and yet the strength &amp; determination of this lovely, innocent young woman.  The descriptions of nature, the animals, insects, the sea all gorgeously written.  Could not put it down....it brought me to tears for many reasons.
 I think that I love just about everything about this book, and it’s definitely going to land in my top ten. Reminiscent of The Prince of Tides or The Great Santini, it was beautifully written and so descriptive that I could almost smell the salt water.
 Silly and sophomoric. Don’t waste your time.
 One of the books I have read this year. The story moved along with an extremely strong woman leading the charge. Learned about a new way of living and how friends help an individual who is hurting. Great read
 This was one of my best books of 2018. The writer's descriptive prose and engaging narrative made me want to spend every moment with these characters. The story had its own unique twists and turns, but was a redemptive look at individuals cast out from mainstream society.
 This story is about love, family, abandonment, forgiveness and the raw strength of a little girl who raises herself in the marshes of North Carolina.
 This book was beautifully written and I not only learned a lot about plants and birds, but the story was<br/>a haunting one and I couldn't put it down.  Read it and you will not be disappointed.
 This is one of those books that you didn't want it to end.  I learned so much about the natural beauty of  nature,which was an added bonus to a really great human interest story. The twist at the end was not expected but it was spectacular.
 Loved this book.  Wonderful story and style.  Need more from Delia Owens please. Although not my regular type f book, i enjoyed this so much.
 I enjoyed this book as an entertaining read. As soon as I thought I had it figuout it changed<br/>Grabs you and holds you until the end<br/>You will enjoy
 “Go as far as you can - way out yonder where the crawdads sing. Far in the bush where critters are wild, still behaving like critters.” Haunting, beautiful story told in gorgeous writing.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Beautifully written and while so often I can predict the ending, reading this book I really wasn’t sure what would end up happening.  The author’s descriptions make you feel like you are truly there in each setting.  I highly recommend this book!
 I loved the way the heroine refused to be held down by her circumstances.  She worked through so many discouragements,<br/>but fought through them to become an outstanding person in the field of research into the flora and fauna of the area<br/>where she lived.  She managed to have her findings published and was recognized for her accomplishments.
 Excellent story about love, friendship, betrayal, isolation, determination, survival...am I missing anything? It’s not the number one hard cover book on the Times list for nothing. And ofcourse there’s the mystery involved too. Worth reading for sure.
 This book was okay. It's basically a romance or Nicholas Spark book. With some descriptions of a marsh. Over describing scenery does not make a good story to me.
 I love the bayou so this book was right up my alley. Murder, love, and  mystery all rolled together. Keeps you guessing until the last page.
 This was recommended and so I got it, didn’t look all that great but the recommendation was strong. Thank goodness I did, this was truly a wonderful book.
 This novel is lush and comforting and sad. I was drawn in by the beautiful verse and kept captive by the mix of science, love, and heartbreak.  I felt for the characters here, and I won't soon forget them.
 Really enjoyed reading of the experiences of the characters and the knowledgeable descriptions of the swamp flora fauna.  The legal parts were’nt bad either.
 I was drawn to this book - the characters, the setting, and the the way the story unfolded. This was truly one of the best books I have read in a long time.
 Owens' writing reminds me of Alice Hoffman's. Their pens are brushes that use words to create beautiful colors that form stories across the canvas of each page.
 This book kept me spellbound.  I loved it from cover-to-cover.  I appreciated a well-crafted/well-written book and this one truly delivered.
 THIS BOOK IS A MUST READ.I LOVED THE WAY IT WAS WRITTEN.<br/>AND THE DESCRIPTION OF THE MARSHLANDS ARE BEAUTIFUL.<br/>GREAT STORY WITH A TWIST.
 I have read it and was mesmerized by the detail in this book of her surroundings, her survival, the details of nature.  The author keeps you wanting more.  You don’t want to miss this one.
 Best book I've read in years. I enjoyed how the author built each character around "Kya" I finished the book last night, almost want to read it again.
 When little Kya is left to fend for herself in the family's shack in the swampland of North Carolina, the reader does not expect the child to be successful on her own, but she surprises us by not only surviving, but by making a pretty decent life for herself until she is betrayed by a trusted friend who is later murdered.<br/><br/>This book was beautifully written, the description of the low country so poetic, I could almost smell it. I loved this book.
 It is hard for me to find a book that keeps my interest.  Where the Crawdads Sing was one I couldn’t put down.  I hope this author’s next novel is a good as this one.
 I absolutely loved this book! I am so disappointed it’s over. I couldn’t put it down. I cried a few times(I never cry when reading). I am patiently waiting for another book that moves me like this one❣️ Now down to author!!
 Lots of suspension of disbelief needed. But the writing is done well enough that you may enjoy it if you need a break from serious writing
 I didn’t want the book to end.  The poetry and storytelling was one of the best that I have read in a long time.  So much emotion that is rare to find .  The characters were so real that it is hard to imagine that it was not a true story.  I loved this book.
 This is, hands down, one of the best novels I have ever read. Raw and beautiful, heart-wrenching and triumphant, the author takes you on a journey you won’t soon forget. Truly perfection!
 I loved this book!! So well written, easy to read, and I just wanted to see what happens next!! And I loved how the author took the time to finish the end. I felt satisfied. Too many authors wrap up the end so quickly, it is anti-climatic.
 There is a lot to learn about southern tidal coast lands in this book.  The story seems a bit impossible, but charming. The surprise ending took my breath away.
 Nicely written and the author moved story along. The setting for the story was quite unique and I learned a lot about the marshes in North Carolina. Some twists and turns that made the story interesting.
 This book kept my interest from beginning to the end.  It was emotional and at times unbearable to think that someone could live this life.
 This book was well written and sucked you into the story so entirely, you didn't realize, until you were done, that you finished it in a day.  Love the characters and the completeness off the story.
 What a great book.  Loved it.  Story was dead on, felt deep in my soul.  Descriptions were great.  Couldn’t wait to read every night.  So so good.
 It kept me interested, I could not put it down.  Reminded me of my childhood and so many other children who had difficulties in growing up.
 I couldn't put it down. The author described the scenery and the settings vividly. It was as though you were there. The story line was intriguing.  The ending left me with questions but I  felt good about how the main character had lived her life and how she did get retribution.
 Slow start but loved it.  Didn’t want it to end. I was really into the story and characters. One of those books  that stays with you and you feel a little lost at the end.  I wanted to stay in the book with the characters.
 This book had me hooked from page one. The character's deep knowledge and love for all thinga wild (especially birds!) eft me breathless, and Kya's rising from her hard-scrabble life, the taunts, the abuse, and the bit of a surprise at the end all made for a great read.
 This was a great story. It kept me interested all the way until the end. The author made every character so real. A sad but very good story.
 What a story.<br/><br/>No, actually, it's not so much the story, as it is its beauty and truth.  Kya's connection to the marsh and all of the life within it, an Delia's magical ability to take us there... is everything.
 What a fantastic read.  It was the perfect book for our book club.  Though the end wasn't a total surprise, I still very much enjoyed it.
 ThanK U Delia for weaving such a lyrical, magical carpet of words! I literally could not step off until it landed. “All lovers of elegant prose jump aboard and hang on tight!” I promise you will be as bewitched and enchanted as I !
 Amazing story told in beautiful words. The descriptions in this story are wonderful. You feel as if you know the marsh, the herons, the gulls - it’s all beautiful. Within all of this there is a compelling story. A must read for those captivated by nature. Superb story perfectly told.<br/>Talented author - remember reading her book about the Elephants in Botswana some years ago
 Heartbreaking and yet I didn’t want it to end. Every time I thought there could be no more loss, more appeared.  Kept rooting for Kya to find someone to lobe who wouldn’t leave her.
 I loved this book so much that I recommended it to my book club. We haven't discussed it yet, but everyone I've spoken to really likes it
 A story so vivid pictures flood the mind, smells waft up to you from the page and emotions you didn’t intend to feel rise in your chest.  An achievement.
 I loved this book from start to finish and few books I’ve read can make me say that. I laughed and I cried and I never wanted it to end.
 This book was delicious!  Even though I couldn’t put it down... I didn’t want it to end.  There were so many wonderful twists, turns and surprises!  I am positive this story will stay with me for a very long time !  I LOVED this book!
 Beautiful prose! The descriptions of nature almost sing and made this such a pleasure. This is a complex story: nature, love, abandonment and SO much more. How isolating judgment can be! Highly recommend this book!
 This is one of the best novels I have read in a very long time. The story line is excellent, and the writing is nothing short of superb.
 I enjoyed the characters, not just Kya.  The beauty, wildness, and freedom of the sea marsh was entrancing.  I wasn't sure who had committed the murder although I suspected.  This book was hard to put down.
 It took me a little while to get into the book but once I did, couldn't put it down and now even a week later I am thinking about parts of the book and how it all came together.  I love that all my questions did get answered by the end.
 I enjoyed everything about the book.  It resonated with me on a very personal level.  I think it is a book everyone can take something from
 Could<br/>Couldn’t put it down after the first third but the ending was really predictable. Beautiful writing and suspense. Recommend.
 Wow! What a stunning book! It covers human isolation and interesting takes on ecology, nature and biology and it’s interconnection to humans. It covered love, loyalty, education, perseverance and had a twist mystery. One of a kind read. Loved the whole book so much!
 I thought the author was southern!  She has a beautiful grasp of the deep dark marsh life, the deep seeded historical past and a true love of the Earth and all of Her treasures.  A gift to literature.  Thank you.
 Engaging and moving story, evocatively told! A little predictable and whilst a little latently pretentious,I absolutely devoured and enjoyed it!
 A fascinating story about strength, courage and love. The writing is lyrical.<br/>This novel is beautifully written, full of poetry both figuratively and in actuality.
 Could not put this novel down. Beautifully written.
 This is a good book for our book club! I am sure this will be an interesting discussion. Once into it i had trouble putting it down. What a surprise ending!!
 Where the Crawdads Sing combines an appreciation of nature with a great murder mystery. I learned about the swamps of NC and hiw hurtful stereotyping can be.
 I enjoyed this because of its descriptive writing and story line.  You could feel the essence of nature and the landscape in its words.
 Just on the cusp of being unbelievable, Delia Owens manages to bring a little courtroom drama and suspense to this easy to read novel.
 It would be an insult to this brilliant author to add my own words to hers. This is captivating, enlightening, and endearing. Thank you Delia Owens.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I didn’t want it to end. Very unique. Kya was a captivating character. The story is beautifully woven.
 Beautiful prose and a stunning first novel about a girl who raised herself in the wild, surviving by herself from a young girl. I loved her accomplishments and the ending. I did not know til I got to the end of the kindle book that the author is a nature writer, which explains the flow of the prose even more so.
 This story of Kia and her marsh was so beautiful and so descriptive that I could see the marsh and feel how Kia felt. Abandoned by all the people she loved, Kia was a survivor and turned to the creatures and plant residents of the marsh for consolation.
 I didn't love this book as much as everyone else seems to have. I liked it, but it didn't keep me interested from start to finish. It's worth reading. Maybe I was just expecting too much from all the rave reviews.
 The story was an interesting one.  The description of nature study was so well written. I was entranced and found it hard to put aside.
 This was a great book! Slow start but suddenly grabs you! I laughed and cried...the ending surprising! Definitely recommend this book!
 Great read with exciting plot twists and turns. The author creates characters that are deep and real with effortless writing. This book does not disappoint!
 Loved the authors style. Not so captivating that I couldn't put it down , however I found myself making time to relax and read with this good story. Plenty of twists to keep you interested. I have been recommending this book to all my friends.
 What a wonderful story! The characters are exquisitely developed. I loved this book. As they used to say, some men just need killin'.
 Beautiful dimensional descriptions of nature.  Wonderful development of characters, a story that sears your heart  and then heals it.
 Absolutely excellent.  Wonderful story.  Loved it.  I dislike writing these long reviews.  Very difficult.  But this truly was an awesome book.
 It is very interesting how this author leads you through this story. I really enjoyed it and will seek out more books by this author.
 Descriptions of surroundings are excellent because you can feel emotions. Many events occur that are surprising. Excellent reading time !
 This was an entertaining story and very easy read. Couldn’t put it down. Would recommend it to any reader that enjoys light strories.
 I can't remember another novel in recent memory that captivated me as much as this one! Highly recommend it, especially to lovers of the natural world we all live in!
 Most beautiful and enjoyable. Everybody should read it and their world will. Become bigger. Every sentence is beautifully written. I highly recommend this book.
 I was originally put off by the title;  sounded like more chick-lit to me. But I noticed on Goodreads that many of my friends had given it high marks, so I decided to give it a try.  Some complex characters with unique circumstances, plus a terrible accident , made it an excellent mystery.
 This book had me from the first chapter.  Reading was so easy and the visual descriptions took me to the marsh and brought it to life. I loved the book from beginning to end. And speaking of the end - it was perfect. No wondering what happened after the last page. There was an end that was satisfying to the reader. I highly recommend this and can’t wait for her next book.
 I agree with all the hype around this book - still thinking about it 8 books later......  Read it, enough people have said enough....
 This story covers an incredible young girl who has quite a journey through life.  Great writing, wonderful characters, really get to know the characters.  Highly recommend.
 A wonderfully gripping novel.  One that draws you back to continue to enjoy the lives of Kya, Tate and Jumpin'.  Definitely a wonderful book to spend an afternoon engrossed in the lives of people you do and do not want to know all set in an environment richly painted by the author.  This  is a book to be enjoyed and shared.
 Definitely loved this book. It was a page turner and kept me guessing. I would read it again. Hoping the author writes more books for us to enjoy. I would recommend this book to anyone.
 A very good reader that grabs you from the beginning and takes you all the way through to the end. The characters are deep yet still believable as long as you are reading. The audiobook is read way too slowly and the voices are so forced that it really takes away from all  this book has to offer.
 A nature book  a young girl left alone who lives - !earns the ways of the marsh  tender at times bullish  @ times with mystery thrown in
 What a wonderful story, heartfelt and informative. The character s are detailed and real.  It teaches of differences and judgement of others. Truly a great read.
 One of the most beautiful and moving books I have ever read. The character development is so captivating you feel you know her heart and soul.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the author's writing....very descriptive and interesting.  The story is one of loneliness and abandonment with an additional layer of a murder.
 This was. Heartwarming story of love, loss, and families!<br/><br/>Kya was 6 years old when she saw her Ma carrying a suitcase as she walked away from the shack.
 This book was excellent; I couldn't put it down.  The description of the swamps of North Carolina made me want to take a trip there.  The main characters had great depth and also likability.  I will be looking for other books by this author
 This book was very captivating and hard to take a break from.  As a nature lover myself it was easy to understand way Kya loved the marsh. I truly enjoyed the book beginning to end.
 A great tale with as many layers as the amazing marsh... Kya was a memorable haunting character... loved her story and the reminder that different can be amazing
 I found this to be a very intriguing book that kept you guessing to the very end. I also loved the setting and premise of this book.
 So glad I chose this book as it was so well written and difficult to put down. I will be reading all the authors other books next!
 I like the plot and characters in this book. The story was interesting, but it got a little long toward the end. I enjoyed the book overall though.
 This story was beautifully written and can not forget it still.<br/>The characters were so neat to know and the ending was great!!
 I liked this book so much, that I immediately re-read it! The author does a<br/>great job of bringing the reader into the setting of the book. You feel the isolation and confusion of Kya.  Highly recommend,
 Along with this amazing story of the young girl, the descriptions of plants, birds, and sea life are phenomenal.  A wonderful read!
 Sweet story that addresses love, abandonment, prejudice, and the beauty and peace that can be found in nature. It also provokes you to consider how influential culture and context are in serious matters such as criminal trials. Don’t miss this book!
 All the hype and weeks atop the best seller lists are baffling (or maybe not) as this book employs a common romance novel plot and stock characters: i.e.,  while semi-feral girl survives abuse and neglect through grit, loneliness causes her to fall victim to an upper-class cad. The only thing missing is cover art featuring a hunk with well-defined abs.
 The imagery that is so beautifully and artistically blended with the poetry and action builds an emotional presence of the characters. The reader cannot help but become a stakeholder in the righteous final outcome.
 A favorite read that feeds your soul. The lyrical word art magically paints a poignant story of an abandoned young girl’s life journey amidst the raw beauty of the North Carolina marshes.The author skillfully weaves a story of innocence, despair, prejudice, love and survival. The story zooms in on the cruel rhythm of nature and weaves it into a mesmerizing murder mystery.
 My favorite book of the year so far - and by far! Immediately bought Kindle copy for niece &amp; hard copy for daughter. Setting &amp; storyline both fascinating. Well, well written.
 This is a compelling story with a strong female character written with beautiful imagery. You immediately become invested in the life of “Marsh Girl” from the first phrase to the end of the book. It is a mystery, a love story and a testament to what one person can overcome in life.
 Beautiful descriptions and good chacacter development.  I had guessed "who done it" before the end, but nicely finished off, to round out the story.
 Loved the beautiful language and description of living in the marsh. Kya’s survival story captivated me and I wanted her to be successful in love and accomplished as a scientist.
 The book is a great read about the Carolina outer banks! It's descriptive with a wonderful story! The ending is well worth the wait!
 I loved this book! Expertly written, spellbinding story. Delia Owens brings the characters to life, especially Kya.  A must read!
 Incredible and amazing. A wonderful read that leaves me emotionally raw....sad, and happy, and surprised. It all makes sense in a difficult and unpredictable way.
 This is a wonderfully written book, I couldn't stop reading it, the characters were so well written. I highly recommend this book.
 Fascinating! You will not want to put this one down. This one has all the feels. Do yourself a favor, buy the book! You will not be disappointed.
 I absolutely loved this story!  It just drew you in and you wanted to know what was going to happen.  My only complaint was I thought the ending was a bit rushed... but maybe that is because I didn't want it to ever end.
 The author has a beautiful, lyrical style and her characters are vivid and almost cinematic.  The plot is excellent, the book absolutely wonderful.  I can't wait to read more from her.  She is exceptional.
 Some of the best local color I have read in decades. Excellent rendering of a touching life over the decades. The story includes a fascinating mystery that the ending of which only deepens and enriches the story.
 Great book about the low country. Tough going at the beginning, but love the heroine and her love of nature and ability to thrive!
 A captivating story....at times sad, then exhiliratng...with a protagonist so well defined that one felt she was real. A nature lover’s delight and a marsh lover’s symphony...with a clever final surprise..
 A real page turner.  The wildlife descriptions were incredible.  In addition to the beautiful scenery the story line was great.  Great read!!!!
 I loved this book, the characters were so real, the storytelling made me feel like I was there.  I couldn't put this book down!  Great first novel, can't wait for the next.
 I loved, loved this book. Kya was so real as are all the characters. I live in the low lands of South Carolina and could picture Kya's playground clearly. I cried several times in this book feeling her aloneness with the world. Can hardly wait for the movie and I have casted the characters within my mind.
 Just too implausible. I’m not big on fiction but when the characters are iether good or bad and the plot too predictable then I just find it boring.
 I could not put this book down until I finished it. The emotions the book pulls from a reader are intense. No wonder the book was an award winner!
 To me, although beautifully written,  there was too much time spent on the front end. The second half of the book was more of an epilogue than a developed story. I wanted to know more about what happened in the jury room that allowed the same people who shunned her for most of her life to reach their verdict. I would also like to know about her life after the trial.
 I loved every second of reading this book. The description of the marsh and all that lived there came to life through Delia’s writing. There were so many amazing characters to love and always hoping for Kya to triumph. I couldn’t wait to finish to see how her life ended up but  also not wanting it to end.
 Loved the book, so interesting and compelling. Couldn’t put it down. The characters were so well drawn and took me to a place I’d never been. I learned a lot about swamps, too.
 Delia Owens first novel is beautiful, intriguing and wild.The way she describes Kya’s loneliness, her love of the wilderness and understanding of wild things is stunning. This book was a true joy to read.
 I enjoyed the read but found it almost unbelievable.  Like being raised by wolves.  And the last part was shocking .  Talk about getting even.
 I fell in love with Kya, from the beginning, and the other character's.  The descriptive details of her surroundings and the nature of the story was outstanding and captivating!  Given the fact I love happy endings, I wanted to continue this story on and on. And the "twist" at the end!  Wow!
 This was an interesting story about regectin and survival.  Not all our systems work for everyone.  Be careful how and who you judge.
 This book was recommended by a friend...a little slow to start but ended up being one of the best books I've read in a long time!! The ending was the best twist ever!!
 Happened upon this book by accident and decided to give a new author a try. I enjoyed it way more than I expected. Read the whole book in two sittings and couldn't stop thinking about it for days. It was a nature book, coming of age story, love story, mystery, and crime drama all rolled into a neat little ball.  Would make a great movie!
 This book took me by surprise and held me there until it ended.  An epic book of love, loss and survival.  Don't miss this.  The lyrical prose will haunt you.
 Loved this book.  The character descriptions  paint vivid pictures and are well developed.  Highly recommend reading this book.
 Excellent debut from start to finish! A poignant narrative on survival, nature and, above all, love. You will fall in love Kya, the "Marsh Girl."
 This story started slow but by the time I was 30% in, I didn’t want to put it down. Kya’s story is heartbreaking. The book is beautifully written. I really, really enjoyed it.
 I read this book for a book club, but I can say that I read it every chance I had.I found it beautiful in its prose, photographic in description, unpredictable in the story and my emotions kept pace.I highly recommend.
 Delia Owens knows how to build suspense, lower it and then take it higher.  A monumental novel!  Don't take my words for it, read it for yourself.
 The story is most interesting but the idea of a child left to raise herself in isolation is what really makes you wonder...what will she be capable of?
 Beautifully written, believable characters and the story embraces an struggling, evolving humanity which we are living at present. Enjoyed reading this story immensely...
 This is one of the best books I have read in years.  It is beautifully written, wonderful characters who feel real.  I could not put it down.  The mixture of nature and humanity was beautifully portrayed on so many levels.  This is a story that will stay with me forever.
 The book kept my interest throughout. Described a very different lifestyle. Developed a strong woman, some unusual friendships and a taut mystery.
 I absolutely loved this book, it is the best book I've read all year.  I highly recommend this book especially for nature lovers.  I read it in two days I couldn't put it down.
 I was wondering what all the fuss was about this book. I downloaded it to my kindle and tired to read it twice, just wasn't what I was  needing to read at the time.  I had read so many  reviews, I tried again.  I'll just tell you with tears running down my face, the third time was a charm!
 Excellent story. Her descriptions of the marsh flow like poetry, and her characters are rich and complex. Will certainly look for other books by this author.
 This book was haunting  and will settle on my heart and be with me a long time.  Mesmerizing twists and turns kept surprising me formában beginning tó end.
 Delia Owens, you are quite the gifted author. This book is definitely a must read. It constantly leaves you guessing and wondering. Striking you with emotion and question. Summoning your own heart looking for answers to understand questions we ask ourselves or should ask ourselves. Especially when it comes to judgement. Highly recommended for all readers
 I absolutely loved this book.  I've been in a bookgroup for over 22 years and this was definitely one of our favorites!  The author has such vivid descriptions and character development.  I highly recommend reading this book!
 Absolutely one of the best books I’ve read, a real page turner! I really hope Ms. Owens writes another book soon, she’s an excellent and very intriguing writer. Highly recommend!
 I really enjoyed this book. The author had me at hello! Read it! You won’t be disappointed: Great book. Thank you for writing
 The characters, situations, raw emotions parallel Nature's consistent inconsistencies. Love the imagery and progression of the plot. Makes you think beyond the story...
 I enjoyed this book so much. It starts out a little slow, but once it got going it was hard to put down. I can't wait for her next book!
 I enjoyed the story line. It certainly was different. I found myself getting bored with with so much time spent in the marsh.
 I loved this book and recommended it to family and friends.<br/>Kya was a beautiful soul. I wish that I could have known her.
 Beautiful prose that makes you feel as though you are right there. Interesting plot touching on love, class, and loneliness.
 This is a book you just can't put down.  The story is so amazing and has so many twists that make it more and more<br/>interesting as you go along.  I don't want to do a book report here and ruin it for new readers, but this is the best book<br/>I read all year.
 What a good read . It is amazing what a person can do with their life when they set their mind to it. This book follows a very young girl through life’s ups and downs. You just can’t stop reading page after page. Just loved this one
 A good book is hard to put down and you can’t wait to pick it up. This is that type of book. Never read a story like this and you fall in love with Kya right away.
 It was a book I couldn't put down and I never wanted it to end!!  Amazing story.  One that tugged at your heart strings and made me thankful for the family life I had!!
 Growing up near the South Carolina low country, this novel brought back precious memories of that beautiful and fragile ecosystem. When you combine the human element, creating a title character that has really never been written about before, you have a novel that touches the heart and enlivens the soul. A simply stunning first work of fiction.
 This is the best book I've read in a long time.  I moved between reading and listening to the Audible version.  I never had a problem with the language, I think listening to someone reading it really helped.
 Fantastic writing and characters, best book I've read in a long time!! Finished it in 3 days,  will be on my mind for quite some time.
 A must read. Beautifully written. I will be reading more of her novels. Don’t miss this one..it’s a winner with a surprise ending.
 This book so well describes nature by the sea and what it would be like to grow up there as being part of the natural landscape, without the world crowding in and invading this beautiful natural world. Great character formation and so interesting you are drawn into this untouched world of nature. Loved this book!
 This was a wonderful book that really kept me enthralled the whole time. I loved the style of the writing and the set up of the book, how it switched between present and past times. The first half of the book was pretty good, but the second half was amazing! I finished the second half all in one sitting because I couldn’t put it down. Would definitely recommend!
 I don’t know where to start.  I had no expectations when starting Where the Crawdads Sing so it’s possible that allowed me to be swept up into the amazing story through the gorgeous prose.  I cannot recommend this book highly enough.  It’s an absolute must read.
 I loved this book!  It was beautifully written.  The characters were brilliantly developed - human and flawed and eminently relatable.  The story line unfolded in poignant and surprising ways.  I would recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a memorable book.  Hats off to Delia Owens for her first novel!  Thank you for this lovely experience.
 A young girl's struggle to survive alone in the marsh, a young woman's  solitary "coming of age,"  a mystery, the marsh ebbing and flowing with life -- Delia Owens weaves them all into a complex world and a wonderful read!
 This was a great story!  The author kept my interest and I became part of the story!  I didn't want it to end!  Thank you!
 I found this story intriguing from the very beginning all the way thru till the end. I’m not sure exactly why I was very captivated by it. I liked the writing style and the beautiful word pictures the author created.
 I didn’t love this book from the first page, but as I read, slow and steady, the characters and world came into my view and pulled me in. I stayed up too late reading because I wanted to see what happened next. Very very good book.
 One of the best books I have ever read!  I still think about it after weeks of having read.  Being a Southerner, I can so relate.
 This is my all time favorite book of 2018! I read a lot and loved this book. You become a part of the story and the people.
 Really good read.  Good character development and a little unrealistic in some parts, but all in all a very entertaining time.
 I really liked this book.  I read it in two evenings.  It was definitely a page turner.  The author painted a beautiful picture of the marshland and crafted a story with many twist and turns. I would recommend this book to anyone.
 I couldn’t put this book down.  It’s not often I read a book that captures my interest enough to finish the book in a day.
 I learned so much about marshland and nature through a beautifully writer story of trauma, survival and resilience. Excellent read!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book and had lots of twists and turns and it was about nature, which made me love it even more.
 A fresh approach with well developed characters. It shines a new light on marshland and sea life. Wish those books really existed.
 Such a well written story that kept me reading and reading!<br/>The ending was a surprise and yet I had a feeling I knew.
 I read this for my book club. To be honest, I was the only person who didn't like it. If you like Hallmark-type TV shows with a little science thrown in, go for it. I found it a waste of time; and worse, the plot twist at the end completely obliterated my feelings about one of the main characters.
 A little slow to start but soon became an interesting and suspenseful story...well written overall.  You really felt a connection to Kya.
 I thought the whole story was great. I didn't want to put it down.  It was sad, intense and intriguing all rolled into one.
 Oh how I loved this story.  Every living, breathing moment of it.  I was right there, with Kya, the Marsh Girl, every step of the way.
 Keeps you interested from beginning to end - a bit of a stretch, but then again, so was Tarzan - but it was still a fun read!
 Your heart will hurt for Kya. Because everyone has felt her pain before.  It makes you think of people you have judged. Especially at a young age.
 Very enjoyable descriptions of the setting. The characters were well developed and the plot had intriguing twists. I wish this author would write another novel.
 A gripping mystery, but the ending really troubled me. SPOILER ALERT! I was really shocked that not one of the reviews I read found it hard to accept the fact that Kya murdered someone in cold blood. Even the beautiful descriptions of her surroundings, the poetry, the well drawn characters, and the love story couldn’t make up for my sense of the total implausibility of Kya.
 As an audible book, the descriptions were so vivid, that many times I felt like I was right there with her on the Marsh.
 The writing was outstanding<br/>You lived with the character you felt all the emotions<br/>Learned so much about flora and fauna<br/>The commitment of truth and goodness prevailed<br/>One of the best books I’ve ever ever read
 A completely enthralling tale, beautiful detail of flora and fauna, a murder mystery to boot, and a love story. Perfect.
 I liked this book more for the detailed descriptions and for the characters than for the way it ended.....but definitely worth the read!
 Surprised that this book is such a success. Kind of long, not believable-you pretty much have to suspend any common sense.  A disappointment
 A page turner.  A gifted writer, an attention grabbing book.  All that a good read should be. A look at life in the south and racial differences that it can only perceive through the views of cultural prejudice.
 I loved this book! The storyline kept me interested from the beginning till the end. It was so tragic and frustrating, yet inspiring and beautiful.
 I loved reading this book, it was so beautifully written! This is different… love, life, pain, resilience, man, nature, hope, happiness, chances<br/>Please write another great story!
 Beautifully written. I loved the intricate lushness of this story. The time structure of the story line adds to the suspense and the author never talks down to the reader. Just brilliantly crafted and an especial treat that the author is a scientist, so the landscape comes to life on every page.
 Read Mark and Delia non-fiction books on Africa and they were outstanding.  Delias novel is one the best I have read.  It will be a classic.  Can't wait for her next novel.
 What a beautiful haunting masterpiece. I loved every minute of this book, and I hated to see it's ending. I highly recommend Where the Crawdads Sing.
 The novel is breathtaking in its vivid scenery, the realistic characters, and its detailing of people and a place that existed not too long ago.
 I loved this book and am still thinking about it 3 weeks later! If you want a book with a strong female lead, this is the book for you.
 Even though it may be hard to believe, the hard scrabble life of this young gurl was fascinating .<br/>I loved this book.
 The characters were developed so well they became your friends.  The landscape was developed so well, it became your home.
 This story will appeal to not only nature enthusiasts but those who enjoy a beautifully written Southern love story. Very hard to put down.
 This book captures my attention from the first page. It is an intriguing story of a girl that lives in isolation and in extreme poverty. The hardships she ensues and how she gets caught up in a murder mystery will keep you on your toes as the story unfolds. I usually read historic fiction but this book is beautifully written and engaging.
 I loved this novel. At times, tears ran down my face and rarely does a good read do this to me. This is the sort of story that affects the reader throughout the day and into the night. You wonder what is that gnawing at me? Then you drift back to the memories the pages provide. The story just stays with you and this is one I won't forget.
 I loved this book and will likely read it again in the future. Wonderfully written, great character development and a surprising twist. My whole book club agreed that it was the best book we've read in a long time.
 This book was very well written with excellent character development. The story was interesting and the end was totally unexpected. I would definitely recommend this book as a great read!
 I have read a lot of books. Most good, this one was incredible. I felt like I was there. Smelling and seeing all the wonders.
 This was a quick read that just kept getting better and better... and then towards the end you just can't put it down.
 Very detailed. More so than I normally like. But, so well written, great descriptors.  Great ending.  A must read book.
 One of the best written books I’ve read in a while. The prose just flows like the tides. Steady and brilliantly developed characters. Enjoyed every page!
 A page turner but at the same time, the writing is so exquisite that I slowed down to read every word.  Heart wrenching.  The author so had me in the marsh - beautiful descriptions. A must read.
 My heart went out to this tiny girl who had to make her own way of surviving. I could feel her struggles, her disappointments. As she began to move through life on her own terms, I saw her purpose evolve. Clever writing. I will read more by this author.
 When the reader finds him or herself in tears as the story winds down, you know that the author has succeeded in speaking to your heart.
 Page turner. Validates how resilient and resourceful human beings can be. Romance mixed with survival and mystery. I highly recommend
 I couldn't put it down. Wonderfully written.  I'm sure they must have made a film of this novel. I'll have to check. If they didn't, they should!
 i loved this book. The descriptions were excellent. I smell the sea, the swamp, the marsh. I heard the wings of pelicans as they escaped land on patrol of airspace.  I heard the birdsongs, felt the fog, hurt for the sadness of a child, admired the craftiness, the intelligence and strength she exhibited in many situations.
 I struggled a bit with the dialogue at first but eventually found the rhythm. A surprising take of survival and love.
 A take that hits many emotions and  educates the reader about the life in a marsh. The development of characters is excellent.The author has one sentence that expressed loneliness like no other.
 By far a favorite!!  So many emotions the reader goes through to relate to the main character.  Words can't describe how thought out this  book is from beginning to end.  The connections that are made come fill circle.  Definitely makes you reread parts because the connections are fascinating!  Nature, nurture, survival, love, compassion, all felt throughout this novel.
 Loved this book. It was so atmospheric and kept me interested to the very end . I would recommend this book to anyone.
 What a gorgeous story that wraps you into a tight hug you won’t want to end. Vivid characters. At times thrilling and at times luxuriously slow, bittersweet.
 I was late in starting this novel. Now having read it I understand each accolade it received. I feel like I was given a gift in reading it and getting to know Kya and her life and struggle. Everyone should give themselves the pleasure of reading this book.
 A beautifully written, poignant story with rich detail and wonderful characters. I didnt want it to end. Thank you, Delia Owens, for such a touching story.
 This novel is very well written.  I entered into the marsh as I read, learning about nature in a engaging way.  The story is fascinating and held me in it's grip!  I loved it.
 While this wasn't a page Turner for me I thoroughly enjoyed this entire book!! Made me very relaxed in all of its beautiful settings
 Easy read, keeps you involved with the characters. I felt like I had a personal relationship with each one. Each night I looked forward to my quiet time and chance to read.
 This is a wonderful read.  Such a great story, told in a beautiful way.  It was one of those that you can't wait to get to the end but then you're sad that the book is finished.  I loved it.
 This book is one of my all time favorites. Won't be forgotten quickly. Truly enjoyed the story and the ending was a total surprise. Highly recommend it to all.
 Loved this book.  Couldn't put it down. Finished it in 2 days and now I'm sad it's over. Definitely recommend reading this!
 I am still thinking about this book. My daughter also read it and put it in her top 5 favorites. Page turner and beautifully written.
 This book was very good and kept you on the edge of your seat.  I had no idea how the book would end but I loved it.
 Well written.  It not only had an interesting story that made it hard to put down, but I also learned a lot to boot!
 One of the best and most original books I have read in years. Draws you in and does not disappoint. Beautifully written. Absolutely loved this book!
 This was a great book. The author describes everything outdoors with such clarity. I absolutely recommend this book.
 Please read this book, as I highly recommend it.  This book will always remain on your mind....such an amazing story.
 I bought this book recommended by a coworker. Was so good. Kept you reading.you felt all kinds of emotions reading it.
 Loved this book: setting and description, main character development, mystery. One of best books I’ve read this year!!
 I liked this book. The author keeps you interested in reading to find out what happens next. The ending is good as well.
 Descriptive and beautifully written! This book took me on an emotional rollercoaster.  I am so happy to have this as my first read of 2019. It will be difficult to top this work of fiction. It's a must read.
 I bought this for my Mom, who was raised in the South.  It is hard to find a book she likes.  She loved this book.  When I asked her why she said, "..because it was such a sweet story".
 A life alone. A book about living alone and looking for acceptance. Surprisingly good. A women's story that a man could understand.
 This book highlights survival in the most fascinating way.  It is so far fetched from what our lives are but yet so relatable.
 I read lots of books. This was one of the better ones I would recommend. Beautifully written with words that make pictures that stay in your mind.
 This is one of the best books I've read in a while. It was really hard to stop reading, and I didn't want it to end.
 Okay, I don't do reviews on books often, but for this amazing wonderful beautiful book, I will! I have never felt so connected to a book in my life. I cried and laughed and all I could think about was this book, even after it finished. It's the kind of book you never want to end. READ IT!!!!
 I highly recommend this novel.  The protagonist, Kya, grabs the reader’s emotions in her solitary existence in the swamp as she tries to connect with others as she matures from childhood to womanhood. The descriptions of the swamp and especially the birds within are beautifully written. Add in a mystery and this reader was captivated!
 This is a lovely, well-paced story. Parts of it defy reason, but the loveliness carries the day. Kudos. I loved it.
 Book is good but the narrator is horrible.  It is painful to listen to her pitiful attempt at a southern accent.  As someone from NC, it’s insulting.  Just read the book.  Don’t listen to it.
 Beautiful writing beautiful heroine and story. I am recommending it to everyone<br/>So glad I picked it up as my first fiction of 2019
 This book by Delia Owens is a great read that will keep you up at night reading. The story twists and turns with great characters.
 A survival story with beautiful prose. I love a beautiful marsh since living in Florida. This love plus a story of survival makes a great framework for a book that I thoroughly enjoyed
 Loved the book.  Suffered with Kya on many levels. Delia Owens wove a great story.  Tore at my heart.  Enjoy the read.
 This book is beautifully written.  It takes the reader with it through the swamps and marsh and is an amazing tale.
 This book is very compelling from the first chapter.  No child should suffer like Kya; however she is  a true example of seeing the beauty in life no matter the circumstances. She developed her intelligence through observation, awareness, and a keen desire to learn more. The tragedy is that she never knew the tribute the town paid to her in death; she proves that sometimes a couple of real friends are all you really need in life.
 I didn’t see that coming... Loved this book from start to finish. Was so scared it would be a bad ending. Having just read the last page, I am undecided on what kind of ending it was.
 Allowed me to be transported to an unfamiliar place in time.  A story that is disturbing but very beautiful and thought provoking  i was impressed with Owen's writing and the delivery of the picture of Kyra's life. I longed to be invited into her world.
 I was so moved by this book. There was much to think about and ponder.  The writing was superb, bringing readers into the feelings and experiences of the characters. The mystery added intrigue and emotion into an already glorious story. I appreciated how the setting and point of view from a naturalist brought was an integral part of the plot and gave meaning to the characters’ lives.
 Delia Owens is best known for her nonfiction works, but Where the Crawdads Sing, her first novel, is a superbly crafted work, evidencing her background as a wildlife scientist and her skill at creating a wonderful plot with believable characters and an unexpected twist ending.
 I was mesmerized by this book.  It was beautifully written and surprising at every turn.  I could not put it down.
 The story is unlike others.  I was reluctant to read it because it sounded redundant.  But, that is far from the case.
 This book has many themes with in a story of a poor family living in the south and also has somewhat of a mystery.
 An amazing book.  The resilience of an abandoned child blended with life in a swamp.  perhaps the solace of nature.
 I  read it straight through without putting it down. The details were beautifullly conveyed without ever weighing the story down; your mind's eye could see everyrhing. Evocative and emotional.  This was a book that spoke to the soul.
 Beautiful, descriptive, believable, intriguing.  Lovely and haunting love story. Painful, yet irresistible.  Read almost nonstop because just couldn’t put it down
 I love the minds and feelings of the characters  and the descriptions of nature. It will be in my thoughts and mind for a long time.
 In my top five books of the year! Beautifully written. It pulls you in with the tides. The main character is full of courage and grit.
 This story was painted with deliberately chosen brushstrokes and color so that the reader is carried deep into the emotions and thoughts of its characters. Anyone who enjoys character development and suspense would enjoy this book.
 So beautifully written.  And, an immense story.  I could not put the down, captivating.  Truly, a book you just must read.
 A wonderfully told story that had me wondering who really was guilty.  Fantastic development of characters and great descriptions of nature.  Loved the book.
 It was such a different story with unexpected twists.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, but I did feel that the ending commenced rather quickly.
 I love the rich, descriptive writing in this book. I was immediately drawn in from the first few paragraphs. I look forward to reading more from Delia Owens.
 I loved this book!! A story that will stay forever in your heart. I can't stop crying for the Marsh Girl. Forever haunting.
 One of my favorite books I’ve read in a long time! The characters have stayed with me for a long time. Beautifully written!
 A book is great if it can break your heart and make you laugh and sigh with satisfaction.  This book wins on all accounts!
 I love nature, stories of the misjudged, and mystery.  This novels has all things I love in a novel.  I feel as if I’ve spent years in the marshes of coastal NC.
 Thoroughly enjoyable read. Liked reading about the South Carolina Marsh sine I’ve lived near there and could relate to the setting.
 Loved the details about the ecosystem in the marsh....and the comparison of the “insect and animal mating habits” to humans.
 Beautifully written from the poetry to the dialogue.  It was easy to read and hard to put down.  The premise of the story was a bit contrived.  The ending was a surprise.
 Kya comes alive in this novel and the love between Kya and Tate was a beautiful thing. Too many times we shun those who are different instead of trying to befriend them. Great novel!
 Provided a wonderful escape.  The characters are vivid and the story totally engaging.  Could hardly put it down.
 There are so many books out there with forever long descriptions of the story’s scene that bore you to tears and sometimes kill your interest in the book. Not This One!<br/><br/>Ms Owens descriptions come alive. You can see, smell, taste and feel everything. Add a good story and you have ‘Where the Crawdads Sing’.
 Kya's determination and natural survival skills are inspirational at the very least. This book will challenge your faith in humanity and leave you feeling satisfied.
 Loved this book, couldn't put it down. The development of the story was very good and the ending very satisfying.
 This was a really good book<br/>I found myself putting it down and walking away not wanting it to end, but I couldn't stop reading it either.  Can't wait for this author to write another.
 This book was so moving, so real.  I will miss Kya. Tragic and sad but also inspiring. Her strength was amazing.
 Absolutely worth the purchase!  Loved from beginning to end.  I usually don't  write a review. You want be disappointed. The main character is portrayed as different because of her circumstances.  She overcomes obstacles that keeps the story interesting.  Five stars.
 Purchased as a gift for my mother who loves to read. She loved it! This was a book from Reese Witherspoon’s recommended list.
 You'll get a surprise in the end.
 Started out a little slow for me.  A bit wordy at times. Made up for it in the end.  Very satisfying book.  Unique setting.  Love the main character.  Intellegent writing.
 Wonderful!  Very well written, it is suspenseful, heartbreaking, endearing - the whole range of emotions is captured in this book.  The characters come to life for the reader.
 The characters fit perfectly into the nature and struggles of life. It was a page turner that propelled me on and on. I appreciated the detail of nature throughout the read. The vivid characters captured my attention early on and held through all the twists and turns of this tale! Highly recommended.
 This book was recommended to me by multiple friends and I loved it as much as they did! I couldn't put it down!
 I loved this book. Rarely would I read a book again, but look forward to reading it again in a couple of years.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I loved the marsh biology as well as the amazing story and suspense if Kya’s life.  I could not put it down and didn’t want it to end.  I think it will become a movie someday. It’s the perfect plot.  Everyone I have talked to who read it said the same thing... couldn’t put it down.
 Incredible story of life. A girl abandoned by her family couragesly living in the wild. How she taught herself to survive against all odds.  Great book.  A must read for nature lovers.
 Very interesting book, could hardly put it down. Interesting tidbits about the Marsh. Good mystery. Recommend for a book club read.
 This book is one of the most interesting and exciting reads I have read in a long while.  I look forward to her next novel.
 One of the best books i have read.  Could not put down. Part sad, part happy, totally absorbing. Keeps you wondering all the way to the last chapter.
 Enjoyed the lyric beauty of this book, the wonderful imagery of the marsh and the manner in which justice was served.
 Gorgeously written, this novel transports you to a place of nature that is beautiful and terrifying all at the same time. It's a love story and a mystery and the story of the power of redemptive love as well. It has everything including a very satisfying ending. I couldn't put it down!
 One of the best books I have read in years. Everyone I know loves it. Beautifully written, descriptive and great story line.
 I was unable to put this book down. A beautifully wtitten story of courage and survival. Ms. Owens is a wonderful storyteller.
 I found the story very entertaining and the ending surprised me.  Characters were well developed.  worth rereading.
 This book was a page turner from page 1!  The writing was exquisite and drew me right into the story.  It was well crafted, thought provoking and had me thinking about the characters long after.  I hated to see it end!
 One of those books that you hate for it  to end but you can't put it down!  Wonderful characters in the story - well-written.
 A very moving story  that  was also very inspiring . This young woman's story of struggle and survival  was  unbelievably  moving.
 So in love with the characters. A romantic coming of age tale, that also includes a (gasp!) murder mystery!  A definite must read! ❤
 A lot of time was spent developing a character who then was flattened by the pivotal plot development. A good read for a sleepy afternoon.
 Loved reading a well written novel about a unique part of America with characters to love and others not so much.
 An excellent, page turning story of nature, desertion, abuse, love, rape and murder...what more can you want?
 I couldn’t put it down. The marsh girl survived amid overwhelming odds. The descriptions of nature were a bonus. Loved the book!
 Very predictable characters but sometimes that is what you want in a good book.  Just one little surprise - won't ruin the surprise for others!  Enjoy a really good read.
 Written language so perfectly descriptive. Could not put it down; read continually. Learned as I read which is why I liked the book too.
 Read this for book club! Absolutely spectacular story that is brilliantly written. I can't recommend this book enough!! Incredibly rich characters that sink right into your soul. Please read this book. You will not be sorry.
 This book was very poignant and kept my attention throughout.  I loved the gamut of emotions.  Left me needing my tissues.  Great book.
 I have to admit I chose this book  just because I needed some reading material for a beach vaca....so glad I did! This was one of he best books I have read in a long time...and I read alot. Was so sorry when it came to an end. Great characters, suspense and surprises....highly recommend this read.
 What a beautiful story. This is one of those stories that touches you with so many different emotions. I would give it more stars if possible.
 Read this book! I don't have words to explain what a good story of is. I read a lot and was a bit cynical when I bought this just because I couldn't find anything else.  I read it in one day. I couldn't put it down.  It has been a long time since I have been lost in a book or had one i just could not put down. Can't wait to read more books from this author in the future.
 I love this book and the storyline it was a great read.  The ending was a real surprise for me. Highly recommend it.
 This book was recommended to me and it is fabulous! Excellent story. I have recommended it to all my friends
 The first half of the book is better than the second half.  It is well written.  An engaging story and a fast read.  I enjoyed the tender love story.
 The book started out a little slow for me but soon grabbed my attention. Awesome ending, dont miss this one!
 Pulls you in at the first  page and you fall in love with her.  Couldn't stop reading.  It was full of interesting information.  Ending was as it should be.
 I  will definitely be rereading this wonderful story...I found myself  reading it when I should have been doing so many other things but I don't feel one bit quilty!!
 A beautifully written description of living poor and off the grid in the Carolinas in the not too distant past, an interesting and absorbing drama, and a wonderful natural history story too.  The last few chapters felt a bit derivative, like an editor asked for all the loose pieces be resolved, and didn't add much to the story.  But overall this book was worth a read.
 First the first time in my life I slowed down to read a book so I could savor every moment.  This one is hard to top.
 This book was beautifully written,, and I plan to recommend it to our book club for one of our selections for the next year.
 Delia Owens creates a masterpiece that infiltrates the soul to reveal deep human emotion.  She does so with such metaphorical grace and vivid personification that only one thoroughly knowledgeable in her craft can render reader spellbound at each page turn.  You will love this book; best of all, you will never forget it.  Her first novel a heartfelt pleasure.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is the best book I’ve ever read! From start to finish I was captivated! I highly recommend!
 Just finished and have not thoroughly enjoyed a book so much in quite sometime! It was so easy to keep turning each page as you were eager to immense yourself into the life of Kya. The writing was detailed and easy enough for you to smell the air of the marsh and feel the guilt of heartache Kya continually endured. Will definitely be recommending to others! I feel full-filled after reading!
 While I thought the beginning was hard to get in not the end made up for it.  I Loved the depth of the characters
 Where the Crawdads Sing takes you into the vivid life of the marsh and makes you want to stay and learn more about it. Kya  and Tate touch your heart. But more than that, by being set in the past it allows you to look at your own life and how you treat those around you who may not be like you or agree with you. By reading about the difference love made and imaging what a difference acceptance and love by others might have made in the lives of characters, you can see what acceptance and love can do in the lives of those around us. Ms. Owens’ storytelling takes you to a place where you enjoy her story, but also causes you to think far beyond her words. An excellent read!
 I started this book during my daughter's drama workshop. I didn't get a wink of sleep.<br/><br/>I'm okay with that.
 I seldom write reviews for books....this one I just had to.  It’s a page turner and never leaves you bored.
 I loved this book!  It was very fast paced, well written, and a great story.  There was lots of imagery that brought the book to life.  I would highly recommend!
 Really good read, the story stays with you from the start, as does the Author's vivid and interesting descriptions of the natural world and how they play an integral part of the main character. Highly recommended.
 I agree with the reviews that said painfully beautiful. Sometimes I felt so much pain for Kya, I had to put the book down.<br/>But, then couldn’t wait to pick it up again.<br/>The nature descriptions are beautiful. They took me right into the marsh in North Carolina.
 Compelling - descriptive - heartbreaking - beautifully written.  The story itself was gripping and painful to read.  Hard to imagine that this child raised herself despite abject poverty - loneliness - hunger - few supports - no formal education.  Crawdad serves as testimony to human resilience, ingenuity, and transcendence.
 One of the best fiction I have read in a long time. Amazed by the descriptions of the marshes, swamps, birds, and the relationship of the main character to nature, her real mother. But where can this be in N.C? Sounded more like the low country.
 Incredible story as a debut novel. Absolutely loved everything about the marsh, its' inhabitants and nature. Fantastic work of art.
 This is one of the best novels I have ever read. The plot, the characters and background came together perfectly.ppl l
 Beautifully written. Interesting. Sad. I hope this author writes more fiction. I am going to start reading some of her non-fiction books.
 Nature writing is exceptional with great analogies to humans<br/>Interest thriller plot...slightly contrived at the end
 Excellent read! Much more depth than your typical murder mystery. Great character development. Slow start with so much technical content but totally worth the read.
 Engrossing from the very start, I found it impossible to stop reading this book once I started. I was fully drawn into Kya’s life and struggle and couldn’t wait to find out her fate. Highly recommended! Looking forward to the author’s next work of fiction.
 Thank you to Delia for writing a beautiful story.  I so loved every word.<br/>I learned so much and feel rewarded by this wonderful novel.  I hope she will bless us with another fabulous novel again.
 Interesting read.  It was a bit far fetched, but was entertaining.<br/>The author put a great deal of research into it.
 Amazing how the mother, father brother and sister would leave a very young girl to fend for herself in a shack in the marshes. She was shunned and called marsh trash. In the mix of all of this a very popular, handsome, and athletic boy from a distant village has been found dead. Was it accidental or murder? A must read to find out how this story ends. I have not completed the book yet, but it is a page turner.
 Playing in the darkness of Kya's mind, or in the reeds and grasses of her beloved swamp, the story has a poetic lilt, a balladeer's lament, and a homecoming for all of us who are pulled by the land, the tides and by love. I was mesmerized.
 I have been an avid reader all my life and this is one of the best books I have ever read.  The author is brilliant.  Her writing takes you to the marsh with Kya and makes you feel like you are running along side her.  Rarely does a book make me cry but this one did and laugh, hope and dream.  I felt Kya's strength, insecurities, hope and love.  I didn't expect the surprise at the end.  I would give this book 10 stars if I could.
 Wonderful story with a fascinating setting and unique characters and situations. My all time favorite book;
 What a good book. Couldn’t put it down. I fell in love with Kya. What a awesome girl, strong and intelligent. Love the ending!
 I was drawn in from the first chapter. Couldn’t stop reading this beautifully crafted story. Very satisfying ending as well. I will be looking for more by this author.
 This is a book you simply can not put down! Didn’t turn out as you might think. Make this your next read.
 She makes you feel you are right there in the swamp and marches with her.  Beautifully written. I finished it in 1 day.
 This book provided me a flurry of emotions: happiness, sadness, guilt, and more. A mixture of love, passion, crime, and mystery. I couldn’t stop reading!
 This has to be my new all time favorite book. I rarely read a book twice, but I know through the years I will read this again. And probably again 😊 One thing is for sure, these characters, the good and the bad, will live in my mind forever. Worth the price and more.
 I really enjoyed the relaxing pace of this story.  It is an inspiring story about resilience in the face of adversity.  It is nicely written with a bit of a twist at the end. I highly recommend. Good for book clubs, lots to discuss.
 The story draws you in as though you are part of the scene. Compelling and something that's hard to put down.
 The writing is simply beautiful and the story is heart wrenching, interesting, educational, and beautiful.  A young girl learns to survive on her own, is rejected by all and yet craves love.  I loved this book!
 This beautiful novel speaks to the beauty and harsh reality of life.  The story touches on themes of abandonment and the human will to survive. A community of natural life and loss created to form a village where love heals. Many twists and turns throughout promised a myriad of emotions that touch the soul.
 great book, well written, kept my attention, and even made me cry.  it was absolutely well worth the read
 I believe I can SEE the marsh, the swamp, the insects and the birds, the shack, the dock, Jumpin’ and Mable, Chase and Tate.  A wonderful story!
 After the first page, you will not be able to put down this book until the very last page. Just read it!
 Immediately you are drawn into the intrigue and mystery while appreciating the characters development. As for the ending.....never saw it coming!
 Unexpected delightful murder mystery intertwined with coming of age, survival and ecology! You will not be able to put down this book!
 This was a great read from cover to cover.  So interesting to learn about the marshes and wetlands - intertwined in with a great story about a resilient young lady!  Written so well and makes you think you are right there with the characters.
 This book pulled you in from the very start. It is very fantastical, yet relatable. I highly recommend it.
 One TERRIFIC read! Kept my interest until the very last word on the very last page. Do NOT miss reading this!!
 Beautifully written, characters that draw you in, poetic description of the environment - it all added up to a wonderful read!
 Where the Crawdads Sing is one of my favorite literary fiction titles this year. Well-paced, suspenseful, and just a great yarn. Highly recommended.
 I loved this book. I’ve never read this author before but I thoroughly enjoyed this one. Needless to say the ending was a surprise!
 Very enjoyable.  At the end of the book I found that the characters were real.  I am anxious to learn more about them now.
 I loved this book—-did not want it to end.Was reading a bit @a time to make it last longer.I loved the writing..made you feel as tho you were there with the characters. And I didn’t plan on the ending!!
 Best book ever part of my top all time favorites......read this you wont be disappointed...please do yourself a favor and enjoy this great book
 I could not put it down. Haunting and wonderfully paced.<br/>Amazing first novel with an amazing cast of people I will never life without!
 Purchased for my Book Club , and not a book I would have picked up on my own based on the description.  I’m so glad someone is in charge of the reading list as the most fantastic eye opening read . I didn’t want it to end .
 This is an intense read from the start of a very young girl’s struggles to grow from nothing to someone. It is very sad at times but beautifully written I will remember this one for a long time.
 I haven't read a book like this in years. It is beautifully written and impossible to put down. I loved every every word and every second of this book
 This was one of the most intriguing stories I've ever read. It was a story of abandonment,love,and intrigue with a surprise ending
 Very interesting information regarding swamp/ocean life.  Plot was far fetched.  Nevertheless, an enjoyable read.
 I loved how descriptive this book was. I loved Kyla and her difficult journey and how despite the odds she prevailed. It was sad and joyous at the same time. It touched me.
 Can't wait to read her other books. Delia knows how to tell a story.. Being 80 years old myself, she brought back lots of memories.
 This book tells a tender and heartfelt story while describing the marsh land in the South with care and precision, and it has zinger of a surprise ending.
 Couldn't put it down. Couldn't wait to go to bed (where I do my reading on my Kindle). Loved the story lines. Loved the book.
 This is one of those stories that grab ahold of your mind, heart and soul. I read this in one sitting. Best read of 2018!
 It’s our book club book. It’s very well written. There’s a strong message about belonging and being loved.
 Story with beauty, love, intrigue, sadness, abuse of power and a very strong female protagonist set in the marshes of North Carolina.
 Don't even start to read this book unless you have the entire day free. You won't want to stop reading. That's how captivating it is.
 Kya - so similar to Scout Finch - made the story feel like a new rendition of To Kill A Mockingbird.  From the prose that made the swamp teem with beauty to the relationships Kya built over her lifetime, the story reminds us the simplest things in life leave us with the best lessons and fondest memories.
 You can feel the raw emotions of the main character throughout the different stages of her life. You grow and learn with her. The author was so knowledgeable about the marsh and it's ecosystem. Thrilling and emotional from beginning to end.
 its not often that a really unique and believable character shows up in the wealth of books out there.
 A really great book that seems almost like the type of important  literature you overlooked when you were assigned to read it in school years ago.
 Loved this book!  Couldn't put it down, and the author's style of prose painted a perfect picture that just took me there at every turn.  Highly recommend.
 Amazing details of the hardship living alone in the marsh yet the beauty of nature makes it all bearable.  What a marvelous woman she was.
 This book is probably in my top 5 favorites! I smiled, I cried... it was amazing. Definitely recommend!
 Words can’t describe how incredible this book was. I hope the author writes more novels. It was amazing and I want to read more like it.
 Excellent book, because of its surprise ending, it could almost be considered on a par with Hitchcock.
 I listened this on Audible and it was fantastic. Great story, well-thought out characters, and very well read.
 This was an amazing story of a young girl surviving in the marshland of North Carolina.  Heart wrenching and poignant, I loved Kya's spunk and her determination to survive on her own.  I also loved learning about this very interesting part of our country.  A satisfying novel.
 He story was a great one of a kind read and the details made you feel like you were right there. Highly recommend.
 This is a beautiful book of survival and the human spirit Well written and beautifully portrayed I highly recommend this book
 Lovely. Powerful. Couldn’t put it down.<br/>The story draws you in and it feels like you are actually in the marsh.
 Loved the writing.  The main character was described wonderfully.  Sure hope this author writes many more books!
 Where The Crawdads Sing has become one of my favorite books!  I was hooked on the story line immediately and didn’t want it to end!
 A beautiful story of resilience and resourcefulness.  Great attention to details of the marsh and its inhabitants.  Enjoyed it from beginning to end.
 Loved the characters and fast moving story.  The descriptions of life in a marsh and survival of a young girl in a hostile environment.
 This book is one not to miss.  wonderful interesting characters and a lovely story.  both sad and special.  Everyone should read it!
 This is a well-written story that uses excellent verbal pictures to describe situations, surroundings and people.  A real thought provoker.  Owens should write more.  She has the story-teller's gift.
 I really couldn't put this book down! I empathized so much with the main character and lived through all her triumphs and failures! The ending was great!
 This was a wonderfully written novel. I couldn't put it down and read the entire book in one day. I smiled, laughed and even shed a few tears along the way. I look forward to reading more by this author in the future.
 Loved this book. I found it to be a real page turner .  You have to love Kya obviously a true survivor
 A good story.  Well balanced and believable.  The book itself came as expected.  In very good order.
 Kya, wild, genius and beautiful, loves the marsh world and all creatures in it.  She  learns about the wildest of creatures, the human being, and where they fit into her world.  Beautiful development of characters, setting and story, with a twist at the end.  Relax and enjoy this one!
 This is the kind of book I look for--beautiful descriptive writing with a storyline that captivates!
 ...not my usual genre, but thought the book excellent.  So descriptive of the marsh, the Marsh Girl and the people she encountered in her life, her ultimately amazing successes, her tragedies.  Quite a book!
 This is well-written and a really good story.  Wonderfully rich characters and description of the region.
 This book is a sweet kind of sad. Very well written. It kept me up way past my bedtime three nights in a row.
 A delicate, sorrowful and yet loving story. The details of the marsh and the life of the Marsh Girl were impossible to put down. A two day joy becoming part of the NC coastal community and bittersweet to have it end.
 Hard to believe this is Delia Owens’ first novel. Immensely visual and tactile writing. The sights, sounds and smells of Kya’s story come to life with astounding clarity and emotion. These characters will stay with me forever.
 Where The Crawdads Sing is a real page turner.  As a nature lover I especially enjoyed the beautiful desciptions of the marsh plants and wildlife.  Most of all I fell in love with the main character Kya. I'll never forget her.
 I really disliked that her parents, brother and sister's left this innocent seven year old to raise herself.  It really affected me...but, she did it and quite well.  A beautiful story full of emotion for me.  This was a book club book.  I definitely give it 5 stars!  Could be a wonderful movie!
 Loved this novel - surprised to see it was the author's first novel. Well written, goes back in forth over time but is so well organized, it feels seamless in the changes. Complicated story yet touches on many themes in a cohesive and engaging way.
 A delightful story that captivated me and let my imagination soar.<br/>I highly recommend this book, and look forward to others. Stories she has written.
 Wow! What a great book. Very well written. You will never guess the ending. I could not put the book down.
 Beautifully written and a wonderful period piece set in coastal North Carolina in the 50' s and 60's.It's is an unforgettable character as the Marsh girl who lives alone in the wild. The mystery is pretty good also .
 I had to read this book twice because I missed the characters so much. This book was so rich. For the person who loves nature, the descriptions were actually scientific. For those who want a love story, a mystery, a surprise ending, this book had it all. You can actually feel the scenes, like you were there. A must read. I’m sad because I really shouldn’t read it three times. That is ridiculous......
 Very well written!! One critic had said 'if you like Barbara Kingsolver then you'll love this;' I was hesitant because I adore Barbara Kingsolver's writing and storytelling.  Where the Crawdads Sing stood up there with the best of them!
 Read this book in one sitting with tears running down my face near the end. The characters are alive and real.
 Very well written.  I could feel both Kya’s feral nature and her innocence.  That the world forced her to humanity in its most natural state
 This book is the best that I have read in a long time. I cannot even stop thinking about it ... so, I'm going to read it again! Absolutely fantastic read!!!
 This captivating novel is a unique coming of age story with a murder mystery at the end.<br/>Quite a twist ending.
 Great book that at times makes you sad and the will lift your heart.  I absolutely loved this book
 This was a beautiful book.  The descriptions were masterful. The characters beautifully crafted. The plot tight and riveting.  Heartily recommend it.  Best book I’ve read in the last year!
 Loved the setting and way the main character coped with being abandoned. Her story of survival was engrossing so that it kept me up at night by the light of my Kindle:)
 Heart wrenching  story line. Scientifically informative.  I will never look at a swamp the same way, that is for sure.
 What an awesome read, the Marsh Girl came alive before your eyes. This book kept me wanting more, could read put down.
 This book had the most incredible imagery. I adored the protagonist. She was someone I wanted to know better. Her struggle for survival was pure grit and determination. I absolutely loved this book and didn't want it to end.
 Such a well written book and story. A real page-turner, I couldn’t put it down. The way Delia describes the nature in this book is beautiful.
 Just finished this incredible book. Beautiful writing makes me want to go to the marsh right now just to listen and watch.
 Just lovely. Characters so true and brave. The descriptions are beautiful.  You feel as if you take every step with magnificent Kiya..
 Loved this beautiful story.  Lost in the marsh and in the character.  So well constructed.  I was absolutely mesmerized and hooked until the end!
 This book was every where I looked. On everyone's list and it did not disappoint. Please don't miss this one !
 Great book - fairly quick read - keeps your attention.  Would like to read more from this author.
 Outstanding book... as author knows her stuff about the wetlands..it'll be a great movie as sometime
 I lost many hours of sleep reading this book. So well written! Murder mystery, coming of age, romance, and family dysfunction.
 My Book Club loved this book from start to finish.  Get ready for a story you'll remember for years to come.
 My sister told me about this book and boy am I glad she did!  Great read and hard to put down.  Recommended it to a few of my book reading friends.  Must read!!
 This was, one of the best books I have read in a long time. The setting was amazing. The characters real. I loved it and recommend it highly.
 Loved this book although went into it a bit apprehensively. Got better with each chapter. A true page turner. Great
 This book was so compelling to read, a real page-turner.  The descriptions made the reader feel like you were actually in the marsh.  Best book I have read in ages, and I am still thinking about it, long after finishing the last page!
 Using the written word beautifully, Owens brings a story of mystery, love and coming-of-age, set in the most stunning environment. She brings you into the marshlands, making it a sentient naturalistic experience. Have given this as a gift to many friends already.
 Best book I’ve read in a while. A real page turner. Something new with every chapter. Memorable chapters that stay with you even after finishing the book.
 I loved this book it was a wonderful story of love and courage.  A few adult parts.  May not  be right for youth readers.
 I loved this story and the amazing descriptions of the marsh and wildlife. It reminded me of Barbara Kingsolver, one of my favorite authors who is a biologist. I fell in love with Kya, the marsh girl.<br/>I highly recommend this book and look forward to future novels by this author.  Please read, you will not be disappointed.
 You are rooting for the main character all the way through the book. She is amazing and lovable, managing to survive as a young child abandoned in the marshes. The ending is uplifting.
 I read this book in just a day.  It had me right from the start.  I could not put it down!  I was very captivated by Kya and her story.  The descriptions in the book were very vivid and easy to visualize.  I have not read a book I enjoyed this much for quite awhile.  A must read.
 Loved it. Every single second. Honestly, I couldn’t put it down for a day and a half and I wish it wasn’t over!
 After a slow start of just a few pages, I could not put this book down. Beautiful prose by Ms. Owens.  A captivating, heartwarming adventure.
 This book holds the readers attention throughout. It is well-written and the characters are complex and enchanting. Don't miss this one!
 Where the Crawdads Songs as a joy to read while I laughed and cried.  It proves the strength God has given each of us.
 ONE OF THE BEST BOOKS IVE EVER READ. HELD MY ATTENTION THROUGHOUT AND WAS SO WELL WRITTEN. IT WILL STAY WITH ME FOR A LONG TIME.
 Beautifully written. Immerses the reader in the diversity and lushness of NC outer banks marsh life. And the murder mystery ups the stakes.
 This book surely speaks to all of us who love nature.  I’ll be waiting on her next novel.  It was a very touching story.
 This was a great read with intimate character development, and a surprise ending. Unique and enjoyable, I would highly recommend this one.
 I loved this book !! I did not want it to end!!! I am looking for more like this ! Just a good sweet feel good book!
 Enjoyed this Book very much. Was able to clearly visualize Characters, and Landscapes by listening to the Author Looking forward to the Film.  Thank You
 Was well pleased with this tender and exciting book.  It was good read and a page turner.  The motions were real a good detective novel.
 This book catches your attention right away!  Twists and turns, survival. Leaves you wondering until the end.  Really was a book I couldn’t wait to get back to.
 From the first page to the last, this book made you never want to quit reading.  The words were so vivid that you could feel and see everything Kya did. This was a great book and I highly recommend it!
 I was addicted to reading this book. Great writing style, very smooth. One of my best reads in the last few years.
 It started slow but as you move through the book the story of a sweet, isolated little girl grips your attention.  You root for her, wanting her to survive but also be understood and loved.  The outlying characters also evoke deep feelings.  A great read!
 Loved the descriptive writing which conjures up a mental picture of every scene. The storyline was both informative of the time and  emotionally tugging. Loved this book.
 Delia Owens is a master story writer!!  Her use of words excels the norm. This is one I'll read again.
 This was an extraordinary read that combined intrigue, a fascinating environment, prejudice, love in surprising places,  hardship, and the strength of the human spirit.  Enjoy!
 Brilliantly conceived, profoundly insightful and exquisitely written, “Where the Crawdads Sing” invited me in and held me there, possibly forever.
 I rated it 4 stars because I very much enjoyed reading this book. would definitely read something like this again.
 Loved it, cried through it, fascinated by it,....the sweetness of youth left so alone, is hard to fathom. Is this possible? And how we judge others,...
 The first “fun” book I’ve had time to read in years and so glad it was this one! Had me captivated through the final page. A story that sticks with you. Characters you embrace or hate. An ending you want to know, but don’t want to know. Read it. You won’t be disappointed.
 Reading this novel felt like I was sitting by the marsh, observing the birds and smelling the fauna. It transported me. I recommended it to my book club and they voted yes to read it.
 I could not put this book down. One of not the best book I have read in a long time. I never wanted it to end!
 Best book I have read in a long time. Didn’t want it to end. Beautiful prose, and a fascinating story.
 The best book ever! I like how the author takes you on a journey, bridging the gaps in time. As she tells the story of a white “marsh” girl growing up in rural North Carolina, she also captures life of the African-American in the south during Jim Crow, intertwining these stories brilliantly. Ms. Owens makes sure EVERYONE’S story is told——including nature’s.
 I couldn't put the book down.  Many times during the reading, I found myself crying.  The utter loneliness starting at such an early age, was heartbreaking. I will look for any books written by this author, &amp; will recommend her to everyone I know who enjoys reading.
 Rarely does a book transport you and weave it’s way into your soul. This gorgeous novel did just that. Beautifully written story of a girl child abandoned and misused who finds solace in the natural world. Part mystery, part love story, completely wonderful
 What a rich novel full of beautifully written descriptions that put you right in the middle of marsh life!  The author uses Kya’s story to make you realize that people are not the only connections we make in life and that we should stay true to who we are in spite of what others think.
 I don't write many reviews but I was so moved by this book I am writing one now. My eyes are still moist and I can't stop thinking about it. I think I fell in love with Kya from the start just like Tate. I honestly can't remember the last time a book has affected and touched my heart as much as this one has.
 This is a beautifully descriptive book. One of the best I’ve read recently. How a book is written is just as important as the story.
 Beautiful writing, great story pulling in your heartstrings. The writing allows you to feel the marsh and the emotional pull of the main character.  I found myself rooting for her and as a mother shocked at the behavior and small mind thinking of people around her.
 I loved this book. There was one thing I didn’t like (too devious) but I won’t say what it was.
 Not long after I started reading this, I knew I was going to really love it and I made myself slow down so it would last longer. There are so many books but few that are this good. Loved it.
 This lovely novel reveals the beauty of a world that most of us will ever know.  It also speaks of loneliness and abandonment.  I was deeply touched.
 I loved everything about this book!!!  As with all wonderful books, I will miss these characters and would love to see other books by this author!!!!
 This novel has both an intriguing plot and several lovable characters. It has beauty and heartache and mystery.  Bravo, very well done.
 one of the most beautiful and complete novels that i have ever had the pleasure of reading. and this is coming from someone who usually doesn't delve into YA at all.<br/><br/>delia owens has written a masterpiece.
 I liked getting to know Kya and seeing her develop. I also enjoyed the relationships she made along the way. The ending is just tremendous.
 Found this story believable and very well written.  The indominable human spirt on display.
 Just received my book and am anxiously waiting to read it this week to my 90 yr old mother!
 This story developed exceptional characters and kept my interest throughout the full story.
 I loved this book, unexpectedly. I usually pick political thrillers or spy novels.  It is beautifully written - characters so real you’re watching them perform their story in front of you. A gift of a tale; I hope Delia Owens has more stories to tell.
 This is such a lovely heartfelt read that draws you in from the first words. One of my favorite books of the year.
 This is an amazing book and mystery. In retrospect, you realize the author was presenting clues to the mystery throughout the book, yet they were difficult to perceive at the time. I couldn't put it down. Extraordinary book. It is definitely a four-star read.
 I really enjoyed this book of survival Reading about the marsh and kyas connection to it I felt for the characters and cared to know them An easy read a good flow and written well
 This riveting story held my attention throughout the entire book. If you enjoy learning about the south and about nature through the eyes of a common girl coming into her womanhood without her mother, you will enjoy this novel.
 A great vacation read which will draw out your empathy and long for the sea shores.  I truly enjoyed reading this book late into the night without worry of having to be somewhere early in the morning. It is probably a predictable ending for some, but I did not see it coming.  I highly recommend this read.
 Interesting story of a dysfunctional family and survival, infused with information about marsh life.
 I couldn't put it down. Loved it! Highly recommend. Great story. Loved the connection to nature. Go read it now!
 Really an easy read - plus you can actually feel the author's/heroine's love for nature.  We read it for our book club and everybody loved it.
 A beautiful thought provoking story of the low country and how people that are different are either ignored or misunderstood.  This is a must read.
 Can't wait for her next book. I may even get a sample of one her non fiction books. I don't give many 5 stars.
 I could not put it down except to recharge my battery. After church Sunday morning I rushed home to finish a most amazing novel. Living in North Carolina brought it even to clearer focus.
 This book sucked me in from the beginning. I enjoyed the writing as well as the story. The ending was unexpected.
 Beautifully written descriptions of the marshes and Southern people.  Mystery with a surprise ending!
 Loved this book! So rich in detail and elegantly written. It was a wonderful engrossing and very satisfying read. Everything a fiction lover wants in a novel!
 The descriptive writing catches you from the very start taking you on Kya's journey. I suspected she was responsible but never sure. all in all, a great read.
 Loved the book one of those you can't put down.  Hope she writes more books.
 I could hardly put this book down.  It is wonderfully descriptive and has a great ending!
 Delia knows how to tell a fascinating human interest tale. I had figured out the ending which seemed perfectly logical in light of her life.Thank you for this gift.
 I could not put this book down! It’s a great read. Growing up in NC I could really visualize the marsh. It’s such a great, but  sad, story. I didn’t want it to end!
 I love reading this book, I cried a lot at the end.  It reminded me a bit of the "Boys on the Boat" story of the main character, growing all alone in wilderness after his father moved with his new wife a younger siblings to the city. This could happen in Washington state, North or South Carolina, it could happen anywhere. Super sad....
 I am going to recommend this amazing book to our book club.  I felt as if I could smell the marshes, feel the sand, and visualize the feeding gulls.  This was the best book I have read in a very long time.
 Completely escape into this beautiful novel. Heartbreaking and yet full of hope. Inspiring and provocative. I would recommend to anyone above their teen years.
 It was just a great story.  It started out a little slow but after a bit I couldn't put it down.
 I loved this book! It has everything- adventure, romance, mystery. I couldn’t put it down!
 I loved seeing the surroundings through her eyes. If you've spent time in the outdoors, this captures it.  Good book to escape in.
 This book is my favorite book of 2018. And I read a lot of books. The imagery is so beautiful and the story is a page turner.
 I loved it. I hated to put it down and would stay up at night reading. In fact I’m rereading parts of it.
 Amazingly details describing a life , a journey of survival. A true calling and passion. A love story and the pain that often accompanies it.  I looked forward to each page.
 This was a wonderfully written story that kept my interest throughout the entire book. I would highly suggest reading it!
 I love these Southern books and this one is so good about a little girl left alone &amp; raised herself
 I’d say 3.5 stars but I really enjoyed reading it.  A bit predictable in places and cliche’ but still very readable.  I enjoyed the nature part of it.
 I am a prolific reader and read at night to relax my days stress.  This book would be a great book for teens to start with.  I loved the character and the authors detail was great.  I will read more of this author.  The ending was my favorite part.
 Best book I've read in a long time.  Excellent writing and story. Can't wait to see the movie!
 This first novel of Owens is beautifully constructed  and written. She skillfully personifies marsh life and likewise Kya is a personification of the marsh life around her. This novel blends deep love of nature with deep human love and at the same time adds mystery and insight into the complexities of human prejudice.
 This book is brilliantly written. I felt like I lived with Kya in the marsh of North Caroline. This book is about loss, friends, love and nature.
 The writing was excellent and story believable with the real mystery delivered at the end.
 Wonderful and evocative portrait of both place and character. Have lent it to several book club friends and we all loved it!
 This book held my attentions from the first page.  It is a captivating story that I couldn’t put down until I finished.  I highly recommend it
 I enjoyed this book, maybe not as much as the hype but it was different and quite memorable
 This is a beautifully written story with every aspect of a great novel that one could hope for: love, heartache, struggles, survival, rejection &amp; redemption. A true masterpiece.
 A richly atmospheric novel set in North Carolina!  I lost myself in the marsh while reading this wonderful story of Kya. I learned a lot, as well. This is a book I will remember for a long time!
 The author does a good job of weaving an interesting mystery that you have to read till the very end to find the answer.
 The book was one of those, 'can't put down'.. The main character had everything needed to make her an emotional read.
 I loved this story.  Even though I have finished the book, I keep thinking about it.  I also enjoyed the actual facts about nature that the story imparted to the reader.  I have been telling everyone about this book and how it is such a good read.
 I find it hard to write 20 words or more in review of this. No words of mine would ever matter. It is simply EXQUISITE.
 Wonderfull main character; take a boat ride deep into the marsh and deep into "the marsh girl's" very private existence.<br/>A lingering masterpiece.
 Loved this book !!! I will say a couple parts Was a little slow but overall great read.
 The book was very good.  You cared about the main character Kya alot and what happens to her.
 The author’s attention to detail and description left me wanting more. What a story line!
 This book chronicles a survivalist story with a dark twist. It is riveting and tough to put down!
 A beautifully written, touching book about our natural world &amp; the natural &amp; unnatural connections of us to it &amp; each other. Heartbreaking &amp; painful at times, mysterious &amp; joyful at others; it vividly describes how both life &amp; love can always find a way, even under the most dire &amp; difficult conditions &amp; circumstances. I literally cried as I read the last three pages.
 What I loved most about this book was the beautiful, descriptive writing.  The beauty that lives in the marshes sounded so incredible.
 Good story, very similar to the Great Alone.  For a first novel, it is a winner.  Recommending to friends.
 This is one of the best books I've read 8n the last year.  See goodreads for my review.
 Nothing is as you would imagine.  Couldn’t put it down.  Just when you think you have it figured out, it twists and turns.
 An amazing story, with enough twists and turns to make me want to read without pause. And so I did. The ending caught me off guard, but I truly loved this story.
 A touching story so beautifully written that I read it twice before putting it down.  I loved it!!
 Beautifully written details of flora and fauna of the marsh. Surprise ending. Loved the book. ❤️
 Loved this book!  I listened to it and Cassandra Campbell does a fabulous job of narrating.
 This book was so captivating.  I loved the characters and felt like I knew them.  Her description of the marsh scenery was very vivid.  Once I started on Chapter One, I was pulled in and couldn't put the book down.  Read the entire book in less than 24hrs. which I have never done.  Highly recommend this read.
 I loved the book.  Written extremely well.  Kept you wanting to know what was going to happen next.
 Liked the need for imagination. And the unique character. Conflicted about the ending. Moral relativism. Read it in 2 days.
 A compelling read; beautifully written; I enjoyed every minute of reading this. It is perfect for a book club read.
 A truly wonderful book to read. I struggled in the beginning but as the story develops it is hard to stop reading.
 I just finished this story. The writer does a beautiful job of connecting Kya in her natural environment. You can picture her drawings and paintings easily in your head and feel the warmth of the sunsets. Tom Ford as director would create such a visually stunning and emotionally compelling film. You would marvel at the beauty and weep for Kya— and root for her along with her family.
 Love love this book!  Mystical book yet filled with nature.  Beautifully written.  I could not put it down.
 This book was well written and detail oriented.  I almost felt as if I could "see" every description that she gave.  Such a SURPRISE ending!!!
 This is one of the best books I have ever read!  Mystery love heart ache!!!  All wrapped into one beautiful book
 This book was a great story about overcoming prejudices,love, and being forced to grow up. A different story line than most books this author went out of their way to make the story exciting!
 One of the best books I have read in awhile.Like her writing style and descriptive writing.<br/>Kept me guessing on how it was going to come out.I would highly recommend it.
 So many great things about this book, I could not put it down. Well written, romantic but yet suspenseful with courtroom drama- this one has it all.  I would give it 10 stars if I could
 As you read ....you have a feeling you are there......experiencing  everything........great  book !!!!  I recommend this for all to read....not just nature lovers.
 A beautiful description of nature,  of human nature at its best and at its worst! Inspiring livelihood and outstanding poetry.
 Really liked the book. Held my interest from the very beginning and kept me guessing until the end
 The tale of a nature girl from a marsh environment was a unique setting. I wish the crime had more twists or connecting clues to make you question things more. The author also leaves you wondering what happened to her other siblings and why didn’t they contact her or Jodie. It was unusual that a family that grew up together in such poverty would just abandon their youngest sibling.
 This is one of the best books I've ever read.  It should become a classic like, Catcher in the Rye."
 This book was very compelling, "just one more chapter" turned into like 5 more, I finished this book in 2 days and that's not normal for me.<br/>A definite must read you won't be able to put it down.
 I completely fell in love with this masterfully-written and powerful book. Addicting, really!
 I don't finish many books because I don't get hooked soon enough but this book is so well written and a great story!
 I loved this book. It had great character development and at the same time lots to learn about the setting. Personal attitudes were so interesting
 I enjoyed this book because I can kinda relate to swamp living.Crawdads are good eats.
 This is one of the best books I’ve ever read and I read at least one book a month. I just couldn’t put it down !
 Kya, the main character, has a resilience and heart that  carries the reader into her world and mind.  You feel her indomitable spirit in every chapter and cheer her on through all her ups and downs.  As you get to know her world; you fall I love with her Marsh and lifestyle as well
 This was an easy read that kept my interest throughout! Do yourself a favor and  relax with this wonderful story!
 I loved this book, I literally could not stop reading it, it is sooooo good.  The ending floored me....
 I devoured this book. I couldn’t put it down. I highly recommend it, an amazing coming of age story but one that has never been told before.
 I read this book due to a friend's recommendation.  Thoroughly enjoyed it.  Very well written.  Highly recommend this thriller.
 I really loved this book. The detail describing the area and the fora &amp; fauna was like having a biology lesson. The story was wonderful and until the very end you never got the truth of what happened. I couldn’t put the book down.
 I did enjoy this book a lot.  It doesn’t seem possible that this kind of situation could occur in today’s world, but was a very good read.
 Not  the usual who-done-it, but a very interesting read.  I liked the book a lot--and per usual fingered the wrong villain!  Well written and very informative on nature, and an almost unbelievable central character. Try it,  you will love it!
 It is very well written  and  the author's knowledge of the marsh, makes you feel like you are there. It is an incredible survival story with characters that jump off the page. Couldn't put it down.
 Read this book in a few days. It kept my interest. It wasn’t totally predictable so that was good. Highly recommend it.
 Heartfelt fear for this little girl as she endured a tormenting home life.  It was an intriguing read, keeping me engaged throughout.
 This is a wonderful first novel about abandonment, love, murder, survival and loss. The writing immerses the reader in life in the marsh and all its beauty.
 Read this book for my book club and did not want to put it down. Mesmerizing, sad, spellbinding, intriguing, beautiful. The author painted the swamp so realistic, I lived there with Kya.
 Loved the main character and enjoyed her journey through life. I was pulling for her at every turn!
 I enjoyed this book and was impressed by the science/nature. Being a geography teacher from western North Carolina with family in coastal North Carolina, I was quite bothered by the idea of people on the coast bypassing the piedmont to shop in Asheville.
 I loved the story line.. The story twists and turns and you are very surprised at the end. And yes, I will read the rest of her books.
 Beautifully pure and compelling.  You feel fear for her as a child, disgust at those who abandoned her and shunned her.  And yet, you also see her strength and confidence.
 Casts a spell over you from the first lines. Easily creates a visual of a small southern coastal down and local people. Well told and balanced. Someone will make a movie with this
 I loved this authors view of the Marsh. The story was well told and easy to follow. The ending was unexpected but made sense. The character Tate and Jumpin were pleasant delights.
 The author describes the main character's feelings and the swamp land setting in detail so the reader can easily experience the story. I could feel Kya's loneliness, her desire to be loved, and her connection to nature. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who appreciates the beauty of nature and the need for survival. It's a book about female strength and empowerment.
 I enjoyed this book immensely.  Devoured each page in anticipation as well as regret that it would be done that much faster.  Highly recommend!!
 This is such a neat story and I did not want it to end. It kept me in suspense!  I highly recommend it!!!
 My copy came damaged. There are pages ripped, the book itself is all beat up and the strangest part is it is printed upside down????? I thought maybe just the book jacket was on wrong but no the actual pages were printed backwards and upside down. Now that I am halfway through the book there are pages missing!!!! How frustrating.
 The story was well written watching this orphan grow to womanhood.<br/>The twist was a surprise!
 This is a unique story of loneliness, survival , prejudices and love. So well written it will keep you up to the wee hours unable to leave her until she's safe. One of the best books I've ever read. Rest in peace Kya.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is beautifully written, holds your interest all the way through. I recommend it without a single reservation.
 There were some credibility issues I got around but like a fine wine there was no after taste. Interesting premise at a time when feminism is peaking. Women are an untapped source of energy, this book proves that. Move aside people the new girlie is about to arrive!
 I had a lot of empathy for Kya - I know what it’s like to be shunned and ignored; thought of as being less than or perhaps simply not as good. Great character development! Strongly recommend.
 Great book, got through it fairly quick. I am not much of a reader and enjoyed this book.
 Well written.  Great character development.  This book will stay with me for a long time.  A must read!
 Steering away from all the usual cliché this book is worth reading twice.  It provides reflection on human behavior and deeply loves nature.  Captivating in its teachings with a story so fascinating that for the first time in a long long time I really got personally involved in this book.  Tears streaming  heart quenching yet so amazingly beautiful.  Please keep writing Delia.
 Loved this story. Held my interest from page one to the end. It’s a good “who done it” along with a sweet romantic side.
 With striking prose, the author writes a selfless story of judgement, loneliness and love but mostly of survival in the face of brutal abandonment.  Kya will be with me, in my heart, a long time.
 Great book. One of the best I've read in awhile. I didn't want the book to end! The author did a great job bringing nature to life right in your own hands. This book has magic to it. I definitely recommend this book!
 I highly recommend this novel.  An amazing, intriguing story that holds your attention to the very amazing end.
 It was a great story of survival and determination in unusual circumstances. Loved the characterization.
 I loved every minute of this book. The characters are beautifully written, and the stories within stories bring depth and dimension not often found in paper.
 This was a delightful story.  I loved the characters and was sorry that the book ended.
 This book was recommended by a friend and it did not disappoint! From the first sentence to the last, my heart was gripped by Kya and the life she led. I was taken back by the ending. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys an easy, heartfelt read.
 This book pulled me in and fascinated me and then surprised me.<br/>Now I know why it’s been on the Best Sellers list for awhile.  I was just late to the party.
 I would give this a 10 if possible. I don’t reread books but this is the one that might change that! Love love Love Love there is no downside to this book.
 I couldn’t put this book down, I needed to know what was happening with Kya. I Highly recommend this book.
 Imagine growing up alone in the wild. Hard to think that this concept is even possible. Yet, Delia Owens takes you the reader on an emotional journey that stays with you long after you complete her novel.
 Great book! Finished in a day. Well written and grrat story I wasn't expecting!
 Loved the whole book.  I could hardly put it down.  The ending was a surprise for me, but it fit.
 I cannot recall a more richly descriptive story that draws the reader into an emotional potpourri of characters, multiple story lines and human nature. It is a book that I've highly recommended to others.
 Could not read this book fast enough!  Loved this story of strength and survival. The descriptions of nature were wonderful and added to the appreciation of how nature nurtures us.  Great characters who each stretched the reader’s understanding of human nature, both good and bad.  A triumph of love in a challenging physical setting and dysfunctional family.
 What a wonderful read! The story line and characters were new, fresh and well-developed. This story touched my heart, causing me to think a little differently, more reflectively. My sole disappointment in reading this wonderful story is that I've not been able to find another fiction written by Delia Owens.
 I liked how I could connect with the story.....just so real.  Great read; great beach book.
 Kya’s story was at once unbelievable and so compelling that it urged me on. She was both lovable and unapproachable. A naive victim and a true survivor.
 The writing is so elegant it feels almost  like poetry. It captures the beauty and fragility of the marshland with such grace. The story is heart breaking and uplifting and kept me turning pages way past my bedtime!
 A Love story with lots of problems and how the town folks treated the swamp people.
 I was captured at the very beginning - the author’s ability to bring the characters into such focus was instrumental in forming such a detailed vision of Kya’s world.  It’s a story not just about survival but combined with determined passions and stark loneliness - Kya prevails ... I loved it.
 One of the best books I have read in the last few years. The language was exquisite, characters well developed, the sense of place palpable, the many different issues melded into cohesive engaging story.
 I liked this book but didn’t love it.  Not a story I would typically read but bought based on reviews.  It was just okay.
 Outstanding book, very highly recommend it. So beautifully written, a great story, and a main character your heart will ache for.  Very hard to believe this is the author’s first novel.  Enjoy!
 This book was such a great read. I finished it in 2 days!! This is a story of a young girl coming of age and first love, then takes a wild turn into a murder mystery. It is a real page turner, begging you to turn each page! It will illicit every emotion you have possible and leave you racing to the end. I loved this book!
 Have placed this book in our library at a senior center. It does not stay on the shelf for long. They love it....
 I loved this book!  I am looking forward to discussing it with my book club later this week.
 Outstanding book by this first time author.  Nothing but highest praises for the book.  Number one on NY Times Best Seller list speaks for itself.
 Amazing book about strength, perseverance, loneliness &amp; adventure.  Love lost &amp; found. I'm amazed that this is the author's first novel.  Just loved it, couldn't put it down!!
 This is a beautifully told story of heart break, personal strength and courage.
 A beautifully written story that ebbs and flows like the tides of the marsh it’s written about. Perfect character development and a story you want to stay up all night long to finish.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is a beautifully written book of heartache, sustainability, survival and love.  You can feel the passion for the natural world that was Kay's whole life, the only stable entity that was there for her in times of loneliness,fear and joy.  It was the one thing that never failed her, that never left.
 Highly recommended to any reader who enjoys mystery as well as education through out the story.  Will continue to follow Reese Witherspoon book club.
 I really enjoyed this book, I had a hard time putting it down.  The ending covered a long period of time in a short few pages, but overall, I loved it.
 The author’s attention to detail is impressive. I can’t begin to imagine the amount of research this book required. Drama, romance, action, friendship, and history all wrapped up in one beautiful book!
 I really enjoyed this book. Couldn’t put it down!<br/>It was intriguing and informative as well as mysterious.<br/>The description was so detailed, I could just picture everything!
 This book was a selection furor book club.  I enjoyed reading this novel.  It was part a coming of age story, part romance, and part mystery. I really enjoyed learning about the ecosystem of the marsh.
 I kept seeing this book in my suggestions and then my daughter told me I HAD to read it.  She wasn't wrong.  It is an amazing story, and after the ending I kept saying Wow.  Just wow.  So just read it!
 This was a wonderful story with great characters and an engrossing plot.  Certainly not your typical murder story.
 This isn’t my usual style, but the characters stayed with me and I enjoyed it all the way through.
 It’s easy to get caught up reading about Kya and her life and accomplishments!  Read it over a weekend, it’s that good!
 If you liked The Great Alone, you will like this book too. Similar feel for me.
 I loved the vivid and careful developing of Kya.  The ending was unexpected and the story was engaging. Great read.
 I loved the book and thought it was well written. Great ending. Recommended it to the women in my book club.
 The story captures your interest from the start, and doesn’t ever quit!  Had to pace myself, not wanting it to end.  Savor the creative writing!
 Believeable characters who were engaging.  Love the weaving of all things nature with the human experience.  Unexpected conclusion.  Very poetic!
 Kya was true to herself; a creature of nature. Tragic, beautiful, cyclical.
 Over the holiday break, I read 5 books.  All were great reads, but this was the fifth and final book I read before returning to work, and it was absolutely the best of all of them.  It was beautiful, disturbing, happy, sad and full of suspense, right to the very end!  Hated putting it down and was sad when it was over.
 Loved this book especially the description of the "marsh" and the beautiful birds throughout the book.<br/>Enjoyed book tremendously and look forward to discussing at the upcoming bookclub.
 I thought I knew the ending but I didn't.  I loved the characters and the story reeled me in to the swamp.  Loved it!
 Loved, loved, loved this book. Beautiful prose, incredible detail, and a fabulous story. I couldn’t stop reading and I didn’t want it to end!
 This book was great on so many levels.  The story was beautiful.  The fact that she preservers through her unfathomable circumstances and find something meaningful in her life is joyful. Then the twists and turns throughout the book make it a page turner!!!!!
 This was a wonderful book.  The swamp and marsh description were great.  Couldn't put it down.  A "must read".
 I could not put this down once I started reading. Delia’s characters and authenticity is striking and allows readers to become part of the complex, unjust, brooding world and find magnificent beauty there in spite of it all. Didn’t want it to end and have missed it in the days since I closed the book.
 Loved the story and the ornithological names of birds and biological names of shells and beach animals.
 This story was so amazing!  The end has such a bitter sweet and jagged turn.  This is a great read!
 This is a well-written story and a wonderfully-developed protagonist.  What I enjoyed most were the poetic descriptions of nature.  I had a thoroughly enjoyable time reading this!
 Absolutely loved it!!!  I felt every emotion reading this book.  I highly recommend.  So glad I had the opportunity to read it.
 Found this book by chance. It was one of the best reads I have read in a while. It will keep your interest!
 What a great debut story!  I loved the entire read.  Sorry it had to end.
 I found the whole thing implausable but kept reading anyway I was drawn in byt the poetry and the hope for a change.
 A well-written,  totally gripping and fascinating story of a unique character and her life in the marshes!  I LOVED the detailed, almost poetic descriptions of the setting.  I became  totally engrossed in this page-turning mystery!  I could not put it down!
 One of the best books I’ve ever read! Marsh girl is a character for sure.
 Compelling story of a discarded human that wanted friendship. Interesting twist that you did not see. Definitely a good read and keeps you interested and guessing.
 This book was so hard to put down! I’m not someone who reads often, but this story was addicting!
 I've been waiting for a book like this since reading The Goldfinch.  They have nothing in common except that I couldn’t stop and never wanted to leave their pages.  Everyone should get to know Kya.  Thank you Delia Owens for allowing me to meet her.
 A beautiful book about Kya, an abandoned five year old, who  grows up to be a published marsh expert. It is also a fast based mystery leading to a gripping trial.
 I couldn’t put this book down. I loved learning about the marsh and all the life Kya studied. The ending was a bit predictable but still very good.
 I thought it was a wonderful novel and very well-written. beautiful nature descriptions.
 Truly a vivid descriptive read of nature,basic human instincts and emotions. Well written,you can feel the emotions of these characters.
 I loved this book! The writing is spectacular with wonderful description of the natural world of The Swamp and of life while growing up in great poverty, identified by the world as Trash. I loved witnessing the growth and maturing of the Swamp Girl. A fast moving read that I was sad to have end!
 From the first few pages it it ducked me in, and I just couldn't put it down. Really good!
 Story was well written and monthly book club gave a unanimous thumbs up.
 Very well written.  I felt I was a part of the story.  I could see the marsh, the cabin, the gulls,  all of it .  I, of course, cried and cried at especially at the end.
 The book brings to life a culture in the south that is so different from the norm.
 Amazing, beautiful and unable to put down.  Like Reese said,  "I didn't want it to end."  Tenderly written, I felt as if I was there watching it happen.  I was disappointed that the ending was so abrupt, but it also blew me away.  An amazing and highly recommended read!
 WHERE THE CRAWDADS SING by Delia Owens is a smart, beautiful, suspenseful and tender book!
 If you’re looking for a main character that thrives in the face of unimaginable adversity, this book is for you.
 Author used wonderful descriptive words and the story was intriguing. The ending was quite an unexpected twist.
 This is the best book I have read in a long time. So beautifully written, with such wonderful descriptions of the  marsh and feathers. I loved it.
 This was a terrific read. It has some twists that kept me very intrigued.
 It was a heart warming, sweet, coming of age book, I didn't want it to end!!!!
 My book club had extended discussion on Crawdads. So much to talk about!!
 This book was charming. The beautiful imagery kept me turning the page.
 Had me from the beginning and was always eager to get back to this book.
 Couldn’t put it down. Read it in one day and cried my eyes out for Kya, a true survivor.  The authors descriptions of nature and the marsh wee mesmerizing.  I highly recommend this book.
 Love this book.  Absolutely love how the author told this story!  Highly recommend it!
 I got this book for my winter vacation.  It started off sad, but my sister and law convinced me to keep reading.  I'm so glad I did!  This book is for anyone who appreciates kindness and the great outdoors.
 It was a little slow moving in the beginning but ends up a wonderful story.
 loved this book....so inspiring...the characters came to life as I was reading...
 I used this book for pleasure and would highly recommend everyone reading it.
 Slow beginning but picked up towards the end!<br/>Surprise ending. Good knowledge of the wildlife on the lagoon &amp; marshes.
 Absolutely me new favorite book ever.  Nothing I say expounding about the book will tell you anything more than the others. Just beautiful.
 The story was good and the characters were interesting. I did not want to stop reading.
 Very intriguing book. Bet’ch Can’t Guess the outcome. Highly recommend.
 Great writing with captivating characters and the “I didn’t see that coming” ending.
 There was nothing to dislike about this story.  It was wonderful.  I bought this book for myself.
 I read this book in two days and was absolutely mesmerized with the writing and description of a very special time when secrets were easily kept.
 Excellent book.  Kept my interest throughout and ended with a surprise.
 Loved the story of this book and the minute details of the marsh land.....both birds and insects.  Great read.
 I loved this book! The story captivated me from the very beginning. And it is beautifully written. Delia Owens describes the settings in such illustrative detail that I could picture the places like a painting. The ending caught me by surprise. The suspense kept me engaged throughout the book. Just a great story!
 What a wonderful story. I couldn’t put it down. Lots of twists and turns. And, a satisfying ending. Enjoy reading it!
 The story really gripped me.  I thought the writing was lyrical and evocative, and the dialect believable and interesting.  The structure of the novel was not perfect, so at times I felt it was moving unevenly -- but I did not expect the story to end the way it did, which was cool.
 I never write reviews after finishing books but I had to with this one. I could not put this book down and ended up finishing it in two days. You instantly love Kya when you meet her as a deserted little girl and want so badly to see her get everything she wants out of life. I think that’s why I couldn’t stop reading because I wanted to see her happy and settled.
 I enjoyed every page in this book. Great story.  One of the best books I have read in recent years.
 This book was such a joy to read. A truly lovely story with the added bonus of learning about nature and the marsh. I loved Kya and wanted to hold her and keep her from being alone, but then you understand that is what made her who she was.
 Loved the book. Fresh theme and heartwarming with an unexpected twist!
 Loved the story itself. Interesting  story background  about the area.<br/>Good characters. Was amazing the main character`s survival from abandoned  child to adult.
 You could picture &amp; smell every part of the marsh through Delilah’s description and feel Kya’s loneliness. What an amazing story of strength ,survival &amp; love.
 This book was exceptionally well written and had a very compelling story. It was very hard to put down.  In addition it challenges you to think deeply.  I highly recommend it. One of the best books I have read in the past year.
 Loved this book 're commended by a fellow bookseller. Kept me wanting more and to discover the marshes and life there.
 I loved this book.  It is heartbreaking to read about Kya’s lonely childhood. The ending gives a real twist that surprised me.
 Loved the book- was difficult to read after reading Educated however<br/>But was an incredible book as well
 Engaging characters, unique subject matter, definitely a different character profile and setting than I usually read.  Felt like I knew and understood the characters and the environment, which was one I'm not at all familiar with, but the author really brought the setting to life.
 If you enjoy learning from books about places you have never experienced mixed in with mystery and true love, wonderful characters, my review will never do this book justice. Just know it is by far one of the best I have read in a long time. The author really makes you feel like you are experiencing everything.
 This novel grabbed my attention from page one until the last  page and I am still thinking about it! I was truly amazed at the end! I usually figure out "who done it
 The book has a love story and a mystery. I loved the author’s descriptions of the marshlands and the town. I cried at the end because Kya is someone  you care about.
 Delia Owens writers beautifully!! I didn’t want to story to end. Easily one of my favorite books!!
 Ordered this book because it was the necessary "read" for a Book Club.  Couldn't have chosen a better book!  Excellently written.  I had a hard time putting the book down.  Very interesting ending also.  I recommend this book.
 One of the best books ever written!  Loved it...sorry when it ended!
 I loved every bit of this book. So well written and beautifully natural. Kept me engrossed until the final word.  Highly recommend.
 Bought this on the recommendation of a friend. Couldn't put it down.
 This book has so much wonderful, sad, and it is a page turner.  Read it in one setting.  Could not wait to see what happened next.
 Just a lovely book. I'm sad it's over . Felt transported to another world while reading.  Shades of "to Kill a Mockingbird" combined with nature, strong female protagonist, and a rich cast of complex characters all set in a magical place.
 The writing of this book was really good. I just found it a bit slow and drug out. Now that I’m done with it, I loved the story.
 I hope the author continues to wright novels... such a story...loved its
 Looking forward to a second novel by Ms. Owens.  Really great book.
 A beautifully written novel with lovely descriptions of nature with an intriguing mystery about the heroine, Kya.  I enjoyed the beauty and interesting twists throughout this book.  Highly recommended for keeping one's interest as well as learning about the ocean, marsh, birds and other wildlife of coastal North Carolins.
 This novel gave me ALL the feels. And the TWIST! I love a good coming of age tale with just a hint of mystery. Reese Witherspoon knew what she was doing when she picked this for her book club, and I can't wait to see the move adaptation.
 I really enjoyed this book. I learned a lot from it. The story could easily believed to be true. The mystery lasted until the end. Reminded me of Glass Castle which is a true story. Hard to imagine the hardships some people are born into yet perseverance and bravery shows them the pathway out.
 Our book club loved the book.  It was great.  Started out slow but it picked up and then became a page turner ....
 I enjoyed the book.  I was surprised by the ending, which is good!  The ending was quick though, where we had been through so much detail through Kya’s early life.
 Very interesting on southern life.  Amazing story.  Great Characters
 Too repetitive throughout the book.  More characters should have been developed.
 Totally awesome book! Very well written and heart warming with a great ending.
 I almost didn't read this book because of the title. Where I come from we call them crawfish not crawdads. But the number one bestseller got my attention and I am so glad I decided to read this book. I wish I could meet Kya.
 It was a book that my bookclub enjoyed and was good for discussion.
 This book will draw you into a world which is mesmerizing.  The tears I shed when reading come from the way the author makes you part of this story.
 Excellent very descriptive. Yes, I would recommend this book. Purchased another
 The story held my interest and had many interesting elements to it...I enjoyed it.
 Totally enjoyed this book from beginning to end. Beautifully descriptive, haunting and mysterious. The ending was a bit of a surprise.
 I couldn't imagine when I started reading this book that I would be totally taken up with it.  I kept finding reasons why I had to sit down and read some more.  It had everything I could want in a good book, including a surprise ending!
 A story about love, grief, and nature’s beauty. It’s a mystery that I couldn’t put down! The author is very gifted in personal feelings and life in a marsh.
 I loved  this novel! It kept me captive the entire book. Her characters became real in her colorful writing. Wonderful story telling. Can't wait for her next book.
 This is a great book wonderfully written with engaging characters.  Sometimes I skim through a book with lots of descriptive details but not this one.  The descriptions put you there &amp; were important to understand the characters who were unique.  The murder mystery kept you guessing which is what you want.  My book club is going to enjoy discussing this one!
 Kya was strong and intelligent. The underlying story of nature living parallel with man and how our actions are not so different because in the end we are also creatures of nature was compelling.
 Loved this book.  The writing style is unique.  Story is so special from beginning to the surprise ending
 Loved this; slow at first but this character is so resilient and brilliant. Could not put it down.
 I had not read any of Owens books. Her descriptive narrative is very well done. I could see the marshes and Kya's life  easily. The characters  were diverse and interesting. Not a page turner , but a quick read.
 Beautifully written. Couldn’t put it down. Heart breaking, heart lifting
 Once I started reading the novel, I looked forward to the evening....my reading time.  Story ended too soon..  More please
 Well written and very enjoyable. So much fiction today is just okay (not bad, not great), but this was refreshingly good.
 I loved this book because  the author brought me right into the young girls life. The feeling of closeness with her,made this a compelling story to live with, and my only regret is that the story had to end. I kept on looking at the dwindling unread pages with growing dismay. A truly wonderful book, a wonderful story, excellently delivered.
 Good story and the writing is lovely. I highly recommend this book, best one i've read this year.
 This is one you can’t put down! You get swept into the Marsh Girl’s world and don’t want out! I’m sad it’s over.
 I thought this book was beautifully written and interesting. It's the kind of book that just keeps getting more interesting the more you read it and then at the end you're mind blown. Excellent read!
 Loved this book. One of the better stories of my year of reading.
 The writing was excellent. The author is a many times published naturalist, and she did a fabulous job switching to the suspense genre. Super book
 Beautiful imagery. Thoughtful ending. A bit slow for me, as I typically read thriller/suspense novels. I would not classify this as suspense. It is more mystery.
 This book was beautifully written giving insight into a way of life most of us are unaware of.  The characters are well fleshed out and believable.  The author keeps the reader enthralled until the end.  Great read and a keeper!  Look forward to more from this author.
 This was one of the best books I have read.  The descriptions flowed as easily as the tides, and the emotional tug was ever present for this little girl.  The story was perfectly woven, and the ending was as poignant as the beginning.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book and its characters. Descriptions are wonderful, too.
 Was a gift person was happy to get it and is enjoying reading it
 Good Story
 This brilliant book will make your heart sing and ache for a life lived  close to nature and our primal origins; it will open your soul to the deepest yearning for love you could ever imagine—all revealed in clear, haunting language as powerful as the life it captures.
 This is one of the best written books of the last several years.  The imagery and language bring the marsh to life and create an oppressive yet tranquil atmosphere.  I highly recommend it!
 I loved this book, kept me interested and had a great ending....
 I feel just like Reese. What a great book. I did not want it to end. I like books that are not predictable.
 What a story!  A young girl growing up in an unimaginable way, written so beautifully, you get lost and just want to keep going. I wanted to swoop this girl up and take her away.  It is a must read.
 This was a very engaging read.  Marshes and swamps are not part of my life but I felt like I was there.  Characters were memorable and the ending actually surprised me.  I would highly recommend this book.
 Such a great book. Good story, surprising ending. Well worth the read.
 THe story telling, imagery and setting are woven in a wonderful way. It left me wanting to read more but not wanting to because I didn't want it to end.
 This is a fabulous read, a spellbinder to the end! A must read!
 I started off 2019 with the goal to read more. I chose this book because it was on the best sellers list and received some great reviews. Well, I was not disappointed!! This book is a quick easy read, and keep you guessing each step of the way. The ending was unexpected and worth waiting for, and you won’t be displeased.
 Wonderful book. Thoroughly enjoyed the concept of some living “off the grid” successfully in the 20th century.
 Loved this story - it captivated the imagination with the lovely descriptions of the setting and had a story line that held one’s interest throughout the tale.  One of the few novels I’ve read recently that did not rush its ending as if enough pages had been filled ~ rather it concluded as a full circle.
 Great read. Connect easily with the main character and a great ending.
 This was a book club book, but I am glad it was. The way the story was laid out had you unsure of the ending until the last chapter
 Loved it. This was one of the best books I have read in awhile. Page after page , this book kept me held hostage. Being from the South and familiar with the authors descriptions of the Marsh was just awesome.
 This is an amazing story of survival, trust and love. I simply couldn’t put it down. A must read for everyone.
 If this is Owen's first fictional novel, we can only hope that it will be the first of many.  She is a story teller extraordinary.  Once you begin to read, sleep and hunger fade a s you fall into the story and walk through the marsh.  Truly an excellent read!
 Richly textured, fascinating and compelling reading. I simply couldn’t stay away from this book. I literally thought it about throughout the day and would find any moments available to read a little further, savoring the characters especially Kya and her love and knowledge of the North Carolina marsh country. This is one of the best books I’ve ever read!
 The descriptions of the marsh were breathtaking. The characters are well developed. Great description of the need to survive
 Best southern novel, with a strong theme of survival, I’ve read in quite a while!  Tried, but was unable to put it down!
 Not good at reviewing books. Just know this books is great and I’d HIGHLY recommend it
 Love the story line. Well written. Would definitely recommend.
 Fantastic read! Finally a page-Turner that kept me up at night. The writing is done so well you can almost see and smell the marsh. Your heart aches for the Marsh Girl, but she is a true survivor.
 This is one of the best books I have read in years.  The writing was so discriptive.  I felt like I was living in the swamps of North Carolina.
 Enchanting. Entrancing.. I wanted to reach out and hug little Kya and found myself urging her to give Tate another chance. Perfect ending!
 To much detail of scenery, food, bugs, Birds chirping, it seem like 80% scenery and food and 20% story.  And Kya Kya Kya the redundancies of her name drove me crazy.
 I rarely write reviews, but I had to tell you to read this book!! I am so sad that it’s over. Totally worth your time.
 Maybe my expectations were too high<br/>Didn’t enjoy this book very much
 I would count this novel as the Best of the Year. It's different and gripping.
 Loved this book found it to be the page Turner other reviewers hinted about. I didn't particularly like the attempts to convey the accents in dialogue but chose to ignore that, it didn't get in the way of what was a great read
 Just a really lovely story.  The detail to scenery is spectacular and the story line keeps you interested and guessing.. Loved the ending as well.  Would definitely recommend this book!
 What a fabulous well written, very interesting story line. Good book club book , lots to talk about
 I loved this story. Rather heart aching at times and so vivid.
 Beautifully written. I didn't want it to end. So many themes to explore and discuss. A great book club read.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Both the marsh and the swamp came alive for me.  The resourcefulness of the main character, both as a child and as an adult, was both awe inspiring and entertaining.  Enjoy!
 Love love loved this book ~ I wanted to bring all the characters home. If you get the chance read it ~ you won’t be disappointed.
 This was one of the best books I've ever read.  Maybe because I'm a "country girl" myself.  Everything is so clear and easily visible.  You won't be able to put it down...
 Magnificamente escrito. Muy entretenido. De los pocos libros que he leído que hacen pensar en la realción entre uno y la naturaleza. Me recordó a Aldo Leopold, a uno de cuyos libros hace referencia en el texto. Luego leí que la autora vivió y trabajó en África. No me extraña. Cuando vuelva a publicar algo lo compraré.
 I enjoyed this book because the story was different from anything I’ve read. The characters intrigued me. As a mother I can’t imagine leaving my children, but in dire situations you react accordingly. I would highly recommend this book!
 One of those books where you wish you really did know the characters. Kind of sad I’m finished with it.
 This is a beautifully written story, drawing a glistening portrait of a southern marshland. It brings you through the past and present of a broken girl doing her best to grow under poor circumstance.<br/><br/>I loved the story and couldn't put it down. I wish the ending left a little more to the imagination, which is the only reason I am not giving 5 stars.
 I like a book that l pick up, start to read and enjoy every page. This was that book!
 Beautiful descriptions of nature, characters I cared about, and an interesting plot made this an engaging read. I loved it!
 I had a hard getting into the story, but once I got past that I couldn't put it down. The characters drew me as but I most liked how the authors descriptions of scenes made feel like I was right there experiencing everything Kya was. Beautiful
 About 75 % through I was feeling bad that it would end soon,loved the story . Pacing, suspense,all worked wondrously.
 A different kind of love story - actually more of a biography of Kya’s life.  I enjoyed all the references to nature.
 A puzzle until the end. Then the reader learns for certain who did the deed, but not how it was accomplished. I wish the author had expanded on that.
 Excellent! I gave it to my mom to read after I read it and she absolutely loved it! She is begging my dad to read it now! This author is so descriptive you can practically see the marsh and the characters if you close your eyes while you read it! One of my favorite reads so far of 2019!
 A great story told with the most beautiful words.  You will feel like your'e there!
 I enjoyed this story and wasn’t sure about anything till the ending. Well developed characters and a good all round book. Enjoy!
 A great story right to the end. Very well developed characters. Beautifully written, some of the events were achingly realistic.
 It was an engrossing book and I loved the storyline, characters, geography...totally held my interest!!
 I thought the story was good, but I felt that the descriptions were too "wordy".
 What an amazing book!  A must read! It wasn’t at the top of Readers Lists for nothing. Deserved all the accolades and a first time novelist on top of all that. Job well done!
 A very good story but feels a bit slow and repetitive at times.  The second half was more interesting than the first.
 My daughter gave it a 9 out of 10, and she’s very picky(lol)
 Pretty good mystery with backwoods coming of age twist.  You won't be able to put it down.<br/><br/>. . .
 It was a wonderful book.  The writing was full of wonderful descriptive words and sentences.  It held my interest and complete attention.  The ending was a complete surprise.
 Good style of writing ; some descriptions painfulĺy true; good who done it.
 This book grabs you from the beginning. Beautiful story and imagery.
 I really enjoyed this book. I was really surprised at the ending.
 The author could place you right in the marsh.  I felt as if I were floating in the boat with Kya.  My heart ached for her loneliness.  But the story became predictable, and the trail went on too long.  Writing was strong, story just got weaker after the first third of the book.
 Five stars for the story of a small young girl neglected by family and shunned for being poor and living in the marsh. Being alone at a young age found that the creatures of the marsh filled in the loneness that fulfilled her life and future.
 Great read. I enjoyed the book but still wondered what happened to Kya's dad. One can assume he did pass away but I hoped he would return a changed man. This book certainly shows that prejudices, even in this day and age,  unfortunately still exist.
 I had ordered this book some time ago but had no idea how intrigued I would be!!  I am looking forward to reading more from Delia Owens in the future.  The story is amazing - feeling the emotions of Kya, the main character, is a certainty.  You will not regret beginning to read this book - only that you have to put it down to accomplish other tasks!!
 One of the best novels I have read!  Truly a "page Turner".  This book is addictive. You want to keep reading and forget doing anything else.
 I truly enjoyed the story. It was informative and had a very interesting plot. It is a book that I didn't want to end.
 The detail of Kya’s relationship with nature made this story so personal and real. The emotions she felt as a little girl, lonely, were so vivid and well written, that I felt them myself. The climax of the story created a shortness of my breath and clammy hands. What an amazing story.
 I thought it was a wonderful book.  I enjoyed it very much.
 Loved the book. This book was an easy read and kept my attention.
 I loved everything about this book. It is a story that is so captivating, but the best thing about it is the writing. This author writes so beautifully. The reader gets a relatable glimpse into each character’s heart and mind. It is a powerful tale that breaks the heart and offers hope and faith in the human spirit.
 About 5 chapters in I started telling everyone I talked to how much I loved this book! The story, the writing!  I fell in love with the characters.
 Well drawn pictures of the low country wildlife form the foundation of this equally well-drawn novel. Captivating characters people a well connected plot. The reader longs to walk those beaches, woods, and swamps.
 I absolutely loved this book. Couldn’t put it down. I definitely recommend anyone read this book. The end definitely made me smile.
 One of the most extraordinary books that I have read in years and I’m a voracious reader.  This will be remembered years from now and cherished like “To Kill A Mockingbird.”
 I enjoyed the story although disheartened at how life could abandon her to allow the marsh and nature provide her needs.
 Very very good,, a little mysterious,, informative, just plain good
 Really enjoyed the story.many twists and turns into a world,I would never know had I not read this book.
 Enjoyed the story, sort of predicted the ending, but the descriptions of marshal life are a amazing.  You can see this story as true
 this is one of the  best books i've read in a long time.  I couldn't put it down and then was surprised at the end.  Excellent book!
 A story of survival. Emotional highs and lows. Quick read that keeps you wondering til the end. Abandonment and commitment rolled into one!
 Loved this book!!  The story kept you guessing the whole way!!  I recommend it!!
 It is a very touching story and very authentically Southern.  It was inspirational for me to see this woman rise to overcome hardship, abandonment and social rejection.  Great read.
 I wasn't sure about buying this book at first. But you fall in love with the little girl fast and that kept me engaged for the next 4 hours! I feel in love with how the author wrote about nature and the dream of living within the simplicity of it all. Great story and lovely writing.
 Enjoyed this book very much.  I have bought this book twice more to give to friends,
 This book is exactly the type of novel that I love, I would love to read more about the characters in this story.
 I read this for our book club. It was so real at times that I had to put it down because I was afraid of what came next. Absolutely excellent book, full of suspense and great drama.
 This was a book club choice. I loved this book! It was so descriptive that as I read, I could see the trees, birds, creatures, marsh, etc.
 Not a student of nature and it's beautiful environment this book was an eye opener revealing another world .  I couldn't stop reading this book and stayed up all.might to finish it. Thank you Delia Owens.  I spent all my childhood summers in North Carolina and it was an awakening
 Keep tissues handy!  This is an incredible story of a young girl who is abandoned by her family but ultimately finds love in nature &amp; a Boy who shares that love with her.
 Loved this book once I got into it. Great characters, even the smaller ones. Highly recommend.
 Well written page turner. Enjoyed the character development and how well the book flowed.
 I wept at the end of the book... not because it was sad but because I was so full of emotion and love for the story. I proceeded to read the last chapter for a second time... I didn't want it to end! Don't hesitate to buy this incredible book!
 The most implausible, ridiculous unbelievable plot ever!
 The writing is flawless, the story flows! I wanted to see what transpired yet i didn't want the story to end.<br/>It was such a joy reading a well written book!
 Great novel!  Our bookclub read this for our inaugural gathering and everyone was so enamored with the characters and story we couldn't stop talking.  Easy read and enjoyable for all!  Highly recommend
 Couldn't put it down, twist and turns were fun... well written and one could easily be in the marsh with the characters.
 It certainly was a page turner, kept me reading late at night.
 This was  a vacation read for me. I absolutely adored the entire story and can say honestly I went in blind. Through the entire book there was  not a single point that I was not enthralled and interested. I found myself constantly thinking about the next chance I'd get to read a bot of this book.
 Like it so much I chose it as my February book club read.
 Loved the character development, the description of the marshes, loved the mystery &amp; loved the love story.....I was very sad when it was over.  I hope that the author can follow up w/ a 2nd one as good as this!  I will be a fan forever!!!
 Really enjoyed this well written book and was blown away by the surprise ending.
 Great story of a strong woman coming of age all alone in a swamp beginning at the amazing age of 5. It is beautifully written with poetry here and there. You can almost hear the birds talking to her. There is lots of excitement as she falls in and out of love and later accused of murder. It culminated in a fine twist at the end.
 Best book I’ve read since All the Light We Cannot See..<br/>Recommend to any and all!! Men and Women alike
 Learn about a life so different from your own.  Excellent, beautiful descriptive writing.
 Truly disappointed that this book had to end. Wish it could have lasted forever.  Can't recommend this book any more highly! Will always be a favorite that I will surely read again.
 An absolutely beautiful book. The story flows and I got very attached to the characters. I just finished it this morning and have been thinking about the book all day. Do yourself a favor and read this book. It will be one of your favorites of all time.
 I found it to be a page turner I could not put down. The ending surprised me.
 I loved everything about this book.  What a treasure.  It is now among one of my favorite books.  Maybe it will make the Great American Read next year?
 I struggled getting past the nick name “Marshgirl” for the main character. Not sure why, just didn’t care for it. Book was good, at times unbelievable.
 Beautifully written! Couldn't put it down. Highly recommend
 I just loved this book.  Living alone w nature and surviving the hardships. At a loss of what to read next.
 Great character development.  It deserves the five stars
 An immensively absorbing read full of colorful characters and vivid images, at times brutal, at times peaceful and heartwarming.  Triumph over tragedy, and the hero's constant quest for love and acceptance on her own terms.
 This is one of the best books that I have read in my seventy years.  I could not put it down.  The descriptions of wildlife and behavior fit so vividly with the script.
 wow I loved this book well written and a story of hope and the twist at the end
 It held my interest from the first page to the last page. If you are interested in a truly great read, this is it!
 Good story, well written. But honestly kinda depressing.
 Great novel! I hope to read many more. I could not put this book down. It felt so real. I read every word. I felt connected to every character.
 Never saw the end coming.  What an awesome story.  Living here along the MS Gulf Coast, it was not hard identifying with Kya’s environment.  There are many of these same river shacks near here and in passing them, I often wonder about the people who live in them.  Thank you for writing such an enjoyable story.
 A great book! Read it in just a few hours. Very moving.
 Engaging well written &amp; thoroughly entertaining.  Written so vividly I could smell the marsh.
 What a wonderful story.  Poverty and abuse.  Beauty of the marsh so described I can see it in my mind. Love and deception. Death and growth.<br/>I enjoyed every page of this book.  Oh, a what a twist at the end.
 I loved this book. The gentle flow of the words, the passion and pain. Kya is a fierce warrior and a delicate flower all rolled into a woman of mystery!
 This story touches the soul. The author was able to make you feel as if you were walking in her shoes.  And I loved the respect given to all things in nature.
 This book contains many things:  character studies, beautiful and instructive descriptions of marsh life, poetic language and poetry.  A truly good read.
 Beautifully written and a pleasure to read. I could not put this book down. Would definitely recommend reading this book!
 Loved the story.  Could hardly put it down once I got into it.  Interesting plot twist at the end.
 I don't usually write reviews but I couldn't put this book down.  I'm already homesick for Kya and didn't want it to end.
 I liked the fact that the story flowed and did not veer off the original plot.  Also an exciting and unusual adventure.  Ending a shocker.  Loved it.
 Read this for my book club and loved it. Excellent character development and great plot line. Highly recommend it. Best novel I have read in a while.
 I was relieved the abusive father didn't sexually assault Kya. I liked the relationships between Kya, Jumpin', Jodie and the boy whose name I forget.
 I read about 2 books a week and this is the best book I’ve read in about a year! The twists and turns, the emotions and suspense, and then the surprise ending... this is one of those books you can’t wait to finish to see what happens but then mourn that it’s over. Such a great read!
 A novel and a main character that touched the heart and soul..this book has definitely earned its place as one of my favorites.
 Melodramatic with twist ending. Excellent descriptive location.
 This book is truly a masterpiece, unforgettable, heart wrenching and powerful in scope. A spell binding story of love, pain, loneliness, tenderness, self reliance and determination. Five stars is not enough !!
 Fabulous, heart-wrenching book.  I came to really care about the heroine.
 This is a beautifully woven story. Imagery of coastal nature is so vivid that you can hear the gulls shriek and smell the salt spray.
 Very original, great book. Well written and I loved it.
 This is the tale of life - simple in nature and complex in human nature. Highly recommended for all to experience.
 I just loved this book. It was well written and poetic without being precious. The entwined storylines were mesmerizing.
 I didn't want to put it down and I didn't want it to end.
 beautifully constructed, written, heart wrenching tale. Started it in the morning, and didn't stop until finished!
 This story was engaging, wonderful, maddening, sad. I can’t put into words how I feel as I sit here with tears streaming after reading the last word. Wow.
 This was honestly one of the beat books I’ve read in years. The author told the story in a way that was descriptive but interesting and utilized a lot of information of the marsh and it’s wildlife. I couldn’t put it down and might even read again!
 As an avid reader, I truly enjoyed this story. Once I opened this book, I had a difficult time putting it back down.
 After seeing this book on Reece Witherspoon’s reading list I decided to read and so glad I did! The fastest I’ve read a book in a long time. Hoping the movie will follow.
 I enjoyed this book very much, very well written, kept my interest thru the entire book
 This is one of the best books of this or any other year. Lyrically written with amazing characters and an astonishing story. The ending ( no I won’t tell) is perfect. Congratulations to Delia Owens on a triumphant novel.
 I love the way she describes things. I could feel and smell and sense the environment, the struggles and the joys and the environments that surrounded them.
 I really liked the writing and the story.  Very interesting story line which kept me waiting to turn every page to see what happens.
 The book captures the reader from the beginning and weaves an interesting tale of a different culture in America.
 After the opening I thought this might be too depressing, but it evolves into a wonderful book with a great story
 coming of age tale that captures the marsh of the carolinas
 It could be me but this book didn't grab me at all.
 One of my favorite all-time books ever.<br/>A beautiful story of survival. I cannot stop thinking about. Just loved it
 Well written with a bit of mystery and lovely views of nature and life intertwined.
 I loved this beautiful novel. The marsh where the story takes place comes to life as do the characters. A must read!
 Well written. Not a super page burner...just a good read. Don't buy, borrow.
 Everything  great novel about human and life struggles
 What a vivid story. So full of life if the marsh and the life of an abandoned child. With nature Kya raised herself to become one of a kind. Which meant despair but full for hope and life vet she didn’t realize she had.
 One of those books that is hard to put down.  Beautifully written.  Loved it.
 This book should teach every reader to be less judgmental.  It should also lead us to see that to every belief we hold to be "good " and "right," there is always an exception.  This author has woven a story that touches on many levels of love, morality, survival, and nature.
 The story is a little unusual and different but very captivating.
 Truly a good fiction. Not a poor pitiful me story.
 Greatly written. Kept my interest from the first few sentences till the end.  It was a love story, a murder mystery, story of isolation and of nature. Loved it.
 What an incredible story teller. This is the best book of  2018 and 2019 (finished on 1/2/19.
 I loved the way the book unfolds and to watch Kya grow up.
 I read this lovely book in two days (while on a tour packed vacation).  Very well written and held my attention wanting to know the end, but not wanting the story to end.
 What a wonderful and interesting story. You won’t be sorry if you purchase this book
 If you want to read a great book that you don't want to end, this is for  you!
 Very sad, but very good to read.  Keeps you engaged.
 Great book couldn't put it down.  Exciting ending.
 I realize I am going against the grain in criticizing a NYT best seller.  Every work of fiction requires a certain level of suspension of disbelief.  This book greatly exceeded my capacity.  The story has some very clever plot ideas which with a bit more work could have been more successful.
 I loved this book. Very impressive for a first novel. Great writing, interesting characters and story
 This is the best book I have read in a long time with the characters so well defined and a story line that kept me guessing
 One of the bestbooks that I have ever read.  Beautifully written.  I will read it again.
 I enjoyed the characters and found this to be an easy read, but found the plot and ending to be a bit predictable.  Overall, a good book.
 This book was recommended to me as a Book Club favoriTe.  It educated me about so many things  in nature from insects birds and many marsh creatures I did not know existed.
 Great book!  Very well written - excellent character development.
 Loved this book. Great characters. Good story. The ending was interesting and maybe not totally surprising. I recommend this book.
 I end up fast reading it is slooooooow as molasses in winter.
 Where do crawdads sing?  The title drew me in and the author kept me entranced with her colorful descriptions.  I became part of the marsh as I could see the critters she wrote about. I recommend this book. I loved the story as it unfolds.
 Fantastic writing. I loved the way the author described the nature, but also felt like I knew the main character, as she really walks you through her life with great detail. I didn't want this book to end.
 I really really liked "Where the Crawdads Sing" and have thoughts to share but reviews of literary critics who read regularly will prove a more convincing review.
 I admit I loved this book from the start to the end.
 I love a book that can transport me and this book sure did that. I felt like I was in that little boat with Kya exploring the marshes and lagoons of North Carolina. It is a beautifully written mystery - a rare find.
 A wonderful, amazing story!!  If you have any interest in nature and a clever, heart warming but surprising plot, this is the book. Compelling!!
 Not much more I can say. I read over 60 books a year and believe this to be a new favorite.
 This fascinating read of great details of nature will be appreciated by adventurous people who have enjoyed the Okavango Delta from a Mokoro canoe. The detail the author used to describe bird feathers grabbed my attention throughout the story.
 Everybody is reading this but me. it was a gift to mother who reads a lot. she loved it
 This book was one of the best that I have ever read!  Now one of my favorites of all time!
 Super storytelling about small town prejudice, nature, struggle and love. The most difficult question is who plays the lead.
 Words can’t express how wonderful this book is. It captures you from the first sentence to the very last. I give very few books 5 stars but this one deserves at least that many.
 This was really good book. I love how you can really feel the characters. Many emotions that make you feel you are in the book with them . I really enjoyed .
 Loved this book and couldn't put it down.  I love nature and murder mysteries and found the coming-of-age theme engaging as well
 I have never reviewed a book, but coming from a person who reads 4 to 5 books a week, this one was wonderful!  Hard to put down, and the plot was engrossing.  I would encourage everyone that loves a good, fast-moving book to give this a read....it will be worth your time!
 A sweet, little novel taking place in the marshlands of North Carolina written by a naturalist, with gorgeous descriptions of nature and deep love for Kya,the fiercely independent protagonist who survives a lifetime of losses through her abiding connection to nature and the love of a few kindred souls.
 Beautifully written. The descriptions of the natural surroundings, main character's struggle to live alone as a small child, the details of the flora and fauna were all wonderful. Could  not put it down.  The ending was great.
 A book you will want to read again and a story you'll never forget.
 This book is beautifully written and enjoyable from start to finish.  Our entire book club loved it.
 I only downloaded this book as so many friends recommended it.  Must say I am glad I did read the book though a bit difficult to get into.  I was at 36% before, for me, it became interesting.
 Super great book!! I had trouble putting it down!! Similar and worthy as "to kill a mockingbird" with all the magic and prejudices of the south, and people in general<br/>Highly recommended!!
 Such beautiful writing in this book...the author makes the Marsh come alive. The coming of age aspect of the book is poignant and believable. Read it!
 This book captivated me &amp; held me prisoner from beginning to end. After completing it, I immediately went to order another novel by this author only to find this is her 1st novel. Good for her! Brilliant
 It is rare that I find a book that I can’t put down. I received this book yesterday and finished today.
 This story is of the loneliness we all experience but also the frustrations of being around others who interfere just by their presence, even the beloved.
 We thought it was a good book Holds your attention.
 I loved this book. The writing was excellent. It pulled you in and kept you there. Great storyline. The only critique I might have,  is that it ended rather abruptly. She could have left it open to the imagination. Just my opinion. I would definitely read more from her.
 This story was set in North Carolina and is a story of great love for nature and how a young girl survived all that life threw at her.
 This was a very moving story. I enjoyed it a great deal and would highly recommend it. Once I picked it up it was difficult to put it down. Then I didn't want it to end.
 I really enjoyed reading this book, looked forward to opening it up every evening. Great character building!
 Good Read - 25+ weeks on the NY Times Best Seller list for a reason 😉
 Beautifully wtitten story of a very unique main character.
 The characters just came to life.  You could feel Kya's loneliness and need to feel loved.  I was hooked from the first page to the last.  And the ending, WOW!
 the writer does an excellent job of describing the environment &amp; has created characters with whom the reader can easily empathize with
 The resilience of children is demonstrated very aptly in this story of survival, loneliness, and heartbreak.  Easy read.  Hard to put down after you begin.
 An intriguing story about people who live under the radar of society whether by choice or exclusion. The characters are very real as are their choices and attendant consequences.
 Beautiful book... wonderful character development, luscious descriptions, compelling plot, inspiring ideas. Harp to poor down.
 I really enjoyed this story and did not want it to end. I would recommend.
 Can't say enough about this book. I'm re-reading it again to take in the little details that I may have missed the first time. Don't miss it.
 Bought the audio version for our drive home to MI from CO.  Excellent story and a great production.  I am strongly recommending the book to my family friends.  Gave it to my 98 year mother who reads constantly and she could not put it down.
 Especially enjoyed the description technique.
 It was a wonderful story to pull at your heart  I loved it and didn't want the story to end.
 I liked the writing and the character development.
 The writing of this book is remarkable and enveloping.  Loved the  varied characters including the setting which was one of them.  Author has done a remarkable job weaving fact and fiction.
 I enjoyed learning more about the marsh, as a plus, but the story  was intriguing, and I have recommended it to others.
 Gently pulls you into the story with breathtaking descriptions of the marsh, the wildlife, but mostly the love Kya has for her home. Desperate for this young abandoned child to survive on her own, the author makes you feel so protective of Kya and all she encounters. I could not put this book down!!
 What a wonderful vivid story of loss, love, forgiveness and consequences
 The story is so well written. I couldn’t put it down.
 I enjoy books that have insights into human behavior.  I like to learn something about, places, history or in this case about the environment of the marsh including its plants and animals.  I thought it was an entertaining read.
 The book drags on and on. I'm not a fan of this type of writing.
 I loved this book!  I felt all the emotions for the main character, Kya.  I didn't want  the story to end.
 This is a beautiful story, exquisitely written and I didn’t want it to end!! Ms Owens masterfully created the characters and the setting for the story to bring a whole new level of awareness to the ecosystem of the marshes. Highly recommend this novel!!
 This was a predictable story of survival with  a provocative ending. Interesting look at the coastal culture. A bit sappy, but entertaining.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time. It was kind of hard to imagine a 6 year old surviving on her own, but once you get past that you are just awe struck with this girl's life and survival. Also received a botany lesson, among other things. I cried at the end, but it was a mixture of happy and sad tears.
 Interesting but not to the level of hype I was expecting.  Enjoyed reading and learning about the swamp life but felt like much of the book was cliche and predictable.
 Beautifully written, captivating and exquisite. Fall in love with Tate and Kya. Feel her emotions and turmoil as she worked effortlessly to enjoy her days. A must read
 A good book — some portions of the story were far fetched
 I liked the book.  However the solution to the murder was a little far fetched.
 Awesome book!  Loved the story.  Product was just fine.
 Such a beautiful, moving story.  It touched me to my soul.  I don't write long reviews.  Read it, you won't be disappointed.
 While it was difficult for me to find swamp life intriguing, Ms. Owens’ writing  sucked me in and I couldn’t put the book down. The botanical aspect of the story added a fascinating layer to the plot.
 A very interesting and fast read.  I would read another book by this author.
 This book was one I couldn't put down.  I actually learned a lot as well.
 Where the Crawdads Sing was one of the best books I have read of late. The characters live in my mind. I sent this book to my daughters, first one, then the another. I want this book to be made into a movie. It is a novel that I will reread just to savor the authors talent at creating such a story.
 A surprising ending for all to enjoy.  Set in the early 60s this is a love story with a little courtroom drama and great characters.
 Great story, well told, terrific characters. Not perfect but close enough.
 This book is full of things to like.  The nature writing is wonderfully woven in with a plot that keeps popping up with new surprises.
 On my list of favorite novels. Beautiful, heartbreaking, uplifting  and more! Truly a memorable book!  Will be recommending it to everyone!
 I am reading the book now. I love it, great book.
 Great story. Couldn't put it down. From beginning to end it kept my interest.  The end didn't leave me hanging.
 I absolutely loved this novel! I tried to make it last as long as I could! I knew I’d be sad when I finished because books this good are hard to come by!
 This novel simply transported me to another time and place. Kya is a fully formed character, and yet, impossible to know completely. The descriptions of the marsh and the creatures there were vivid and beautiful. I loved it.
 There really wasn’t anything to dislike.  The story, characters, and relationships carried their way through from beginning to end.
 Heartbreaking, beautiful, lyrical.  What a contrast of characters! One of my favorite books.  Ranks way up there with “Gone With the Wind”, “Angela's Ashes”, “The Nightingale”.
 Great read!  I didn’t want it to end.  It will be my choice for the next time I host our book club.
 loved this book and style of writing.couldnt put it down
 This one of the best books I've ever read..
 This is the most beautifully written book I have read in ages. Bravo.
 One of my favorite books! Couldn't put it down and hated for it to end. Highly recommend!
 Wonderful story and beautifully written, with vivid descriptions full of color and sound. I almost felt that I was there.
 I was having trouble reading from the written book, seemed as if the paper used reflected too much in the lettering making it a ‘glare situation’ for me. I chose this book for my monthly bookclub meet, as it was my turn. Therefore, I had to turn to the audiobook. This is the first time ever I used an audiobook and I’m living it!
 Just whish it would have ended a bid differently
 One of my favorite books of the year!  So engaging it was hard to put down,  looking for the next great read!
 On the Best Sellers List--doesn't surprise me.
 Had a difficult time putting it down. I love to find a book like this.
 One of the best books I’ve read all year.  It’s a moving story of a girl (Kya) left on her own and her will to survive the difficult life she had throughout her life.  A unique storyline that was beautifully written.  I was shocked at the ending, but  in hindsight it was perfect.
 This one gets my vote for the best book I read in 2018.
 Loved the book but didn’t like how it ended
 Great read and always keeps you guessing.
 Good story line. Keeps you pondering until the end.
 I loved this book. I couldn't put it down!
 Terrific story.  Should become a classic.
 I loved this book and for me I couldn’t wait to pick it up again....a page turner for sure.
 Great read that I would highly recommend.  Good story that kept me wanting to read on.  One of the best I've read in 2018.
 It was a very enjoyable book with interesting characters.
 Great read. Entertaining and sad I loved it.
 Like the discussion of the swamp and it incredible role in nature
 This book caught me from the first page. I loved the chactures and the different relationships they had.  I tried to read slowly to prolong the book as long as possible, but could not put it down.
 One of the best novels I have read.  Very well written with something for every type of reader.
 This is the first book I have read in awhile, and it was hard to put down. Set in NC this book has romance and murder mystery all while telling the life story of an incredible young girl. Absolutely loved it!
 Loved the waiting, the characters and the story
 Excellent book and look forward to her next one
 It has all the elements of a good book: love, mystery, tenderness, harsh reality, raw emotion. Beautifully written and I look forward to other books by Delia Owens
 I really enjoyed this book, great story!
 This is the best book I’ve read in a long time.
 Loved this book from the first word to the last. The author captures each person so perfectly that you can feel the whisper of their breath in your hair.
 I loved this book. So complex. Mystery, love story, intrigue, science, and poetry.
 Kept me engrossed from page one to the very last.<br/>Beautifully written.  I could feel the marsh, the sand, and smell the air.
 Rarely have I read a book that so thoroughly drew me in to the characters and their surroundings.  As I read, I was among the marsh reeds watching Kya grow.  Wonderful character development, intricate and intimate descriptions of a world usually out of sight and its impact on each character.  Truly well done.
 Liked the human interest parts and I like to cry at some point in a book. I did in this one. Found a little too much nature explanation but all in all I enjoyed the book a great deal.
 Not enough adjectives to describe this wonderful story. It is educational and informative as well as poignant, touching and spellbinding. I would give it more than 5 stars if I could.
 This book was very good and an easy read.
 Well-written and beautifully detailed. The story stands on its own, but if you're at all interested in nature, you will love this book!
 Wonderful story. When people abandon you who can you trust with your heart!
 Great read!! Really enjoyed this story 😍
 Amazing book about the strength to overcome adversity!
 ...a poem to nature. Surprise at the end!
 Best book read all year!!  Beautifully written with drama and suspense.
 Absolutely beautifully written page turner. This book had me thinking how could she survive? What a wonderful story of female empowerment! I felt like I could feel the scenery throughout the book. I truly didn’t want it to end. I felt like I one Kya.
 This was one of the best books I have read in a long time.  Could not put it down.  Fabulous!  So happy to see that it is going to be made into a movie.
 Very well written. Holds your attention.
 Loved this book.  Didn’t want it to end.
 A light “beach read”. Started out interesting but the end dragged and was pretty flat.
 Great story with unusual twists and turns.
 I could put it down! Absolutely fantastic. I haven't enjoyed a book that much in a long time. I look forward to her next book.
 This is a  amazingly beautiful love story that takes place among the miracles of nature in the marshland .and estuaries of the Carolina coast.<br/>Breathtaking!
 This book was very well written! You really feel for the sweet girl in the story and anger at the town for the way they treat her! Hard to put down until the great ending!
 Definitely the best book I've read in a long time. I was hooked after the first couple pages!  I couldn't put it down!  Great well developed characters, beautiful setting, plot that tugs on your heart strings. Beautifully written!!!
 This book is a wonderful read! Kya is a beautiful character whose life was determined by the nature of the marsh.
 Pleasure reading Recomended by friends
 The author gently tells the story of the NC marsh, its land and inhabitants. As a Carolina girl, I believed the author also a marsh native, since the novel's language echoes the beauty of the Low Country. The  heroine, Marsh Girl, moved the heart of this reader with both pity and pride.
 Lots of twists and turns.  The main character keeps bouncing back from seemingly insurmountable odds.  Lots of details woven into the story in a masterful way.  Never seems dull.  I've recommended this book to a number of people.  Some were unable to put it down and read from cover to cover.
 Great story - full of sadness and poignancy, but keeps you on the edge of your seat till the end
 great story- beautifully written, learned a lot<br/> sorry when it ended!  loved it!
 So good!  This book got a 9 at our book club, which is rare.
 Very well written love story with a surprise ending-A nature child shares her love for Nature while her life continues
 Had no idea how this would end.  Great book!
 This is a thought provoking, beautiful and at times heartbreaking mystery.  A great read.
 Thank you , I enjoyed truly enjoyed this wonderful book. Wished there was more like it. Poor little girl. I’d love to read a book about Jumpin and Mabel<br/>Karen Almond
 I was disappointed that this did not live up to expectations - kept waiting to get totally engaged in this book-
 A gripping read.Didn't want to put it down.Though about character long after I finished reading it.
 This is the kind of book you try to read slowly so it will last longer.<br/>To tell you even one small thing about the details of this book is to rob you of the pleasure of coming across it yourself.<br/>I will read it again in a few years.<br/>Celia Curtis
 Beautifully written and it kept my attention to the very end. I highly recommend this book....coming of age story with a murder mystery twist
 Loved this book from beginning to end.
 Had trouble understanding the dialect
 Beautiful novel. The characters, the setting in NC, storytelling all are fantastic. You finish with this very contented feeling that you it has been time well spent. Such a satisfying feeling that reader wants at the end of a great book.
 I read several reviews prior to reading this.  A few negative reviews made me hesitate, but I’m glad I ignored them. I couldn’t put this book down. Great read.
 Number 1 best seller so obviously moves along as a thriller/ mystery type book with good character development<br/>Corny romance elements but overall liked it
 I loved this story.  I couldn’t believe her family left her!  The story is very lyrical and beautiful.  It will keep you reading until it’s finished.
 I highly recommend any book in the Reese Witherspoon book club.
 The author makes you feel for the characters involved.  This book is beautifully written and will stay with me as time goes.
 A new region for a novel....loved the setting and unusual characters.
 I loved the journey of this book and didn’t want it to end. Smart and thoughtfully written. I look forward to more from this author.
 I have not read this author before but bought the book after reading a review.  I felt the writer took the time to understand the unique environment and masterfully pulls the reading into caring for an eccentric child of the swamp.
 Great read with a super surprise ending! Loved all of the characters and how well this book was written.
 This was a beautifully written and powerfully compelling story. Kya is a deeply interesting and unique character who you never stop rooting for and her relationships, though few, are meaningful. I didn't want the book to end. You will not be disappointed!
 This was an interesting, sweet story.  The characters are well fleshed out and they move along in the story with no dead space.  I loved the reveal at the end.  Most nights I read way to late as I couldn’t leave the story.  Recommend to anyone looking for a satisfying, well written, solid story!  Loved it
 This book is compelling, unusual, insightful, dramatic. A must read!
 I was so very sad when this beautifully written story was over. The prose were a gift to me.
 A must read.  EXCEPTIONAL &amp; THRILLING
 Great read!  Highly recommend.  Couldn't put it down.  Lyrical writing, intriguing.
 This story captivated me to the very end. I had to read it a second time so that I could be close to the characters once again. Delia Owens breaths life into Kya’s surrounding creating a picture so vivid you can easily place yourself there. Highly recommend!
 This is one of the best books I have ever read.  The descriptions of the marshes and their denizens is descriptive and mesmerizing.  Loved that the seagulls were so well drawn.  The heroine, Kya, is compelling.
 Though the story was pure unbelievable fantasy, I still enjoyed it but with stress. I would recommend it nonetheless. Amen.
 Sure to hit many Bestseller lists. BEAUTIFUL book.
 Love when a book surprises me. Good job to Author on her first novel. Great read. Read it straight through. Less than 48 hours. Couldn't put it down
 Did not want the book to end, read for Book Club and loved it.
 Everything was good and the story wove in many directions making it necessary  to keep reading throughout.
 This is one of my all time favorite reads. Great story.
 This is the first book in a while that I truly enjoyed reading start to finish.  Beautiful writing, engaging story!
 A book you won't want to put down !!! I just discovered Delia Owens!! Love her writing style!! Great Book
 One of the best books I've read - very detailed and vivid descriptions. You'll fall in love with Kya!!
 As an outdoor lover myself (and  collector of things left from nature also) I felt like I was there in the marshes with Kya from the descriptions told in this great story. Everyone would love this book! Especially if you enjoy nature, suspense, and love! I highly recommended this book 😁
 The story is weak, a bit trite, and at times quite unbelievable. The descriptions of the marsh, however, are hauntingly beautiful.
 Easy, smooth reading with a story that kept my interest.
 Well written and good story with interesting characters.
 Story had great potential but was let down by just ok writing and predictability.
 This book was so well written. Her words and descriptions in such beautiful clarity.  I hope she writes another book SOON!
 This is a wonderful bonding of the natural world with a single soul. Her adventures and growth are both beautiful and believable. Don’t miss this experience!
 I absolutely loved this book and hated for it to end!  What a struggle the main character had, but she was so resourceful and talented!  I also enjoyed learning about her creativity.  The theme pulled at my heartstrings.  Outstanding and beautiful writing!
 Wonderful summer read. Entertaining &amp; heartwarming.<br/>Perfectly gratifying mystery &amp; love story.
 I liked the writing, the character and her relationship to the marsh and especially the visual about the firefly and it's two different light patterns. The pattern that lures males to reproduce and one pattern that lures males to eat them. Great book. Enjoyed reading it.
 Recommend by the wife  A great story with the ending you know is coming, but you want to read to get there anyway.
 From the carefully worded descriptions that artfully pictures the scene to the wonderful story, this book is beautifully done and is a treat (no, a treasure) to read.
 This book twists and turns to the very last page.  She was abandoned and had to grow up by herself., not having the love of family or friends.  Could not put it down.
 I love the way this book is written.  It is rare to read a book with such a great story and perfect ending.
 This is an excellent heart wrenching book. I absolutely loved it. Made me cry it was that good.
 Very interesting.  Could not put it down after starting to read.  Would recommend this book.  Very, very good read.  Very sad love story.
 Didn't expect to like this, yet another book about misfit characters, but the book is beautifully written and kept drawing me in.  I ended up loving it and highly recommend it, rare for me these days with fiction!
 This is a wonderful story from the first page to the last!! Loved it. I highly recommend this book. You will not be disappointed.
 Very well written and interesting story.
 Well written and thoroughly enjoyable.
 Read this for my book Group and found it very interesting and different.  It had me crying in places.  Really enjoyed this story about succeeding against great odds.
 This is my favorite novel for 2018. So lyrically written, so real it could be a historical novel; it covers so many of today's relevant issues and how they unfold in a life...poverty, abandonment, family, love, hatred, racism, murder, domestic violence, betrayal, the environment, persistence, loyalty and so much more.
 Very well written!<br/>Keept my attention all the way through and was sorry to finish it.<br/>This being the author’s first I can’t to read the next one.
 One of the best books I read in 2018 for sure.  Actually one of the best I've read in a long time.  I hope Delia Owens decides to write another novel soon.
 Unlike any other novel, the tale of Kya and her life solitude is utterly captivating. It reveals a Person and habitat as rare and foreign to this reader as it is interesting. A must read.
 I have read a lot of books, but this is up there with the best.  I loved the story and could not put it down.  I felt so sorry for the little girl that was left by herself. The people that helped her , loved them too. The scenery was brought alive to me. Beautiful story. I will have to read it again..  Amazing book..
 One of the best books I have read in a while 💕
 Took me awhile to finish as my attention wandered. Loved the descriptions of the marsh, its flora and fauna. However, it was a bit predictable. Also the court case did drag on a bit. Would definitely read more by this author.
 Great book!  One of the best I’ve read in awhile.  Beautiful descriptions of marshes &amp; nature.  Surprise ending!
 Moving. Challenging. Surprising.
 It’s clear that Owens is a naturalist; her descriptions are captivating, but the story is more so. Read this for its good writing, interesting plot, and strong main character.
 One of the best local books ever. I couldn't put it downd and was sorry to have it end.
 A book like this only comes around once in a great while. It was definitely my favorite read of the year.
 I loved this book.  I often find myself thinking about it well after I've finished it.  I loved (and hated) the characters and really felt like I knew them.  I've already recommended it to several of my friends!
 Best book I've read in a long time and I read three or four books weekly.
 One of the best books I’ve ever read... read it In about 3 days! I even cried at a tender moment! Love love love this book! The reviews saying it’s not realistic are ridiculous... it’s a story and if you’re too wrapped up in the accuracies you’re missing out!
 Good characters and story line.
 Read this book in 4 days which for a mom who works full time that is a record!
 I couldn't stop reading, had to shade tears and had to laugh, what an amazing and very entertaining book. I am living in NC and know the mentality of the people in the country or "swamps", again a very, very nice book, lovely story !!!!!!
 It is well written .  Very touching story.
 This was a beautiful book! One of the best I have read.
 A well written book with numerous twists. Leaves you truly caring for the main characters and a feeling that you could reach out and touch the landscape.
 It started off really well.<br/>Unfortunately,  it did get a little far fetched as far as the story goes.<br/>The landscape descriptions were beautiful
 A beautiful, multi-layered story about love, loss, friendship, society and so much more. Wonderfully told and totally captivating. Do yourself a favor and read it.
 LOVED THE INFORMATION ABOUT NATURE, ETC.  I ALSO LIKED THE TWISTS AND TURNS IN THE PLOY
 Entertaining,informative and surprising
 This book was a beautiful piece of prose that follows the journey of Kya, a young girl abandoned to nature and forced to grow up in a world lonely of people, but flush with marsh life. I couldn't put this down!
 This book is hauntingly beautiful and a mystery which left me losing a night’s sleep. The marsh becomes a character in the book and I will never look at it the same way again. You can’t help but feel you know and support the main character and her plight. Highly recommend this book.
 I loved this book. It was like reading poetry. Can't wait for her next novel.
 Beautifully written; poignant; gripping;  the best book I have read in years!
 A truly well written and loved book.  .
 What an amazing novel. Often heart wrenching in its sadness, but uplifting in its tale of survival against so many prejudices and disasters. Once started I couldn’t stop reading, waking in the night and continuing until I was forced to sleep. A true wonder of a book.
 I read this book in less than 2days!  It was wonderful and probably worth rereading!  I would recommend it highly.
 I couldn't put this book down, and I read it in two days! This book is a good combination of a mystery and love story. This is a must read book!
 This was an enjoyable read about a girl abandoned by her family who learns to survive in the ecosystems of a North Carolina Marsh.  She faces trials figuratively and literally.  While not realistic, this book was enjoyable.
 Extremely well written and ebook that kept me coming back!
 I heard it was a good book and bought it for my mom!
 Lyrical writing.  Quite a mystery too
 I liked everything about this story.
 This is a beautifully written. Often poetic in descriptions of the swampland of North Carolina. The courage, compassion and survival instincts shown by the heroine, Kya, will captivate any reader.
 The description used in the writing of this book is amazing.  The plot is very intriguing. However, I found the middle of the story a bit tedious.  It did pick up nicely as the plot got more and more suspenseful though.  I would definitely recommend this book for reading on a cold and wintery day!
 This story is heartbreakingly inspiring!! I raced through emotions and couldn’t put it down!! What a hard wonderful world this author creates!
 A great book that is so descriptive i felt like I was there watching everything.<br/>Poetry, a love story and a who done it murder.
 The plot was a bit predictable.
 great book  Couldn't put it down
 By far, one of my favorite books. The story is told beautifully.
 Interesting take on a mystery from the south. Moving descriptions of birds,grass,water and young love. Compelling story of a little girl of impressive intelligence.
 Great story and well developed.
 I loved this story. It had so many facets.
 Loved this book. You can’t wait to see what happens in the marsh girls life next. Makes me want to explore the North Carolina coast!
 This book had an interesting plot with a surprising end. It is an excellent choice for a book club discussion because it include so many themes for example abandonment, survival, prejudice, love, justice and moral dilemmas such as, "Is murder ever justified?"
 Loved this book...hard to put down!
 One of the best book I ever read.
 I was totally engrossed with this story. Amazing on many levels. You never know what hidden talents people have. Kya was a special person who dealt with life in her own way. A great read!
 Loved this book. Would recommend it to anyone and everyone who’s ever felt love, sadness, and isolation, which should include everyone in the world...
 I can’t even find the words to express how much I loved this story of perseverance and strength, love and loss! Incredible!
 This was a hard book to put down...LOVED it and have recommended it to friends on social media!
 When you put  yourself  in the place of that girl , you can’t stop admiring her!!Loved it!!
 Loved it.  Her style is unique and refreshing. Definitely one of the better ones I have read this year.  A great story and a good mystery.
 Fantastic and imaginative. I was caught up almost instantaneously and it was a hard book to put down. Beautiful words that evoked amazing pictures about nature.
 I just finished reading this novel tonight. I’m going to start reading it again tomorrow; that’s how much I loved it. I’m also going to plan visiting the Carolinas with a whole new insight, from Kya, about the beauties I will see in the marsh.
 Great story and very well written!
 It’s been awhile since I’ve read a truly captivating book. Beautifully written, rich with the mystery of marsh wildlife, the reader is led to ponder the intricacies of human nature..
 This was a beautiful, sad, touching story. I wish I hadn't had to end. A fast read, I couldn't put it down.
 Very heartfelt story intertwined within a mystery. Makes you think about how to treat others who may be different than you
 Loved the book and the surprise ending.  Red hat should have been a good clue.
 It was hard to put this down as the story was completely compelling and the writing lyrical and beautifully descriptive. I would highly recommend it,
 Informative and interesting. A good read  but it is contrived.
 It was informative pertaining to nature  A mix of romance &amp; mystery  very enjoyable read
 Author found a way to keep the reader engaged.  Fun book to read.  Highly recommended.  Interesting and compelling at the same time.
 So nice to read a good story that I kept itching to get back to. I learned a lot about ecosystems of marsh country and the behaviors of insects and birds. The author writes beautifully so the book was a pleasure to read
 I gifted this to my mother in law who said she read the whole thing in one sitting.
 This was a wonderful book.i did not want it to end! Beautifully written, a treasure. Fantastic
 Thought it wa swell written
 I liked the whole darn book and the descriptive part didn’t even bore me.
 This is a selection from my book club. I'm so grateful it was chosen. I probably would not have read it otherwise. Had to give it 5 stars. So well written, I couldn't put it down.
 This book intrigued me from the beginning of the cover title.What could this possibly mean. Every character was just superb. It's like I envisioned them as well as many other parts in my mind over and over. I thought I had the story figured out even. Very clever, perfect ending
 Loved the way she puts words together
 This book was interesting, well written and fast paced.
 I could not put this beautifully written book down! Add it to your must-read list!
 A delightful writing style
 One of the best stories I have ever read.  I’m so glad I got to read it.  Thank you Hello Sunshine Book Club!
 I liked everything about this book
 This was a very enjoyable fast read with a surprising ending.
 Amazing. Great story.  Fully developed characters.  Gorgeous writing. One of those books you don't want to end.  Can't wait for the next !
 Just as ordered, good value
 What a heart breaking but wonderful story.
 Don’t let the first quarter of the book put you off—I was encouraged to return to it and so glad I went back—the pace swiftly picked up and I couldn’t put it down...you will not be disappointed!
 Just finished the book and know that I will be haunted by Kya and also Tate. I try to write more but I can't right now. This whole cast of characters embodies such true humanity that I feel like I haven't left the world of the book.
 An amazing story...a book I couldn’t put down.
 A great piece of literature capturing the feel of the times. The words create a special landscape of sand, water and nature.
 Enjoyed reading something a little different! A great page turner, couldn’t put it down ! Loved the characters, especially the marsh girl!
 This book is so excellent on many levels - artistically - the visual images it evokes are wonderful; socially - what our prejudice does to people old and young; what poverty really means; abuse of children and women; and on top of it all an amazing mystery.  WOW what a first novel.  It's hard to top this one!
 A trite and shallow story of the world’s only natural beauty to not need soap, toilet paper, tooth brush, doctor or dentist as she grows up alone...learning to read and write in a day and teaching herself chemistry, biology, drawing and painting.  A renaissance woman whose house, boat and engine never needed repair and whose lipstick lasted at least 10 years. You have better things to do than reading this book...a walk outdoors in the real world would be a much better use of your time!
 Starts out a little slow but it’s so worth the wait. Full of so many details, you feel you’r e right in the novel. A book written to make you think. Love the life comparisons and the poetry.
 Just when I thought I knew what happened, just when I was congratulating myself on figuring out the mystery, I was just so wrong...  wonderful novel - read it yesterday in basically one sitting.... enjoy!
 I just finished this amazing story and am left wanting more, wiping away tears. Just a great, great read.
 I could not stop reading!
 Great book! Highly recommend it! So glad it will be a movie.
 The book was an easy read, and hard to put down once you started reading. Liked it a great deal.<br/>Only negative, some parts were a bit unbelievable, though didn't take away from the story
 I really enjoyed the descriptive writing throughout the story. The story was well crafted and kept my attention right through to the end.
 One of the most beautiful books that I’ve ever read. The feelings elicited were many. The poetic writings as just beautiful. The characters were well developed. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I could not put it down.
 Excellent writing and story. Also learned a lot about the marshes. Hard to put down and sorry it ended. Our book club really liked it too and we had a great discussion about relationships, discrimination and survival.
 HI loved this book. It was a great read and once I got into it I could not put it down
 Buy it. Read it. You will love it.
 So different to anything I have ever read. It was hard to get into at first bc the setting is so atypical, but it becomes a page turner that I would spend hours at a time reading.
 Good characters, good story, well written
 I absolutely loved this book! So well written and completely captivating. A beautiful story and a must read, I can't recommend it enough!
 Fast paced and poignant..... stays with you long after the last page...
 I loved every single word.  It grabs you from the first paragraph and doesn’t let go even after it’s over.
 This was the most heartbreaking, tragic yet beautiful novel I have ever read.  It is a story of resiliency, trauma, nature, survival, love, hate and peace.  I connected to the Marsh and Kya on so many levels.  Definitely did want the story to end and hoping Delia Owens has the next one in for print already❤️
 Riveting story line kept me guessing on the outcome to the last chapter. Written in a lovely easy style. I like books that are believable and this one came very close.
 This book was great. It was a page turner and I read it in 2 days because I wanted to see what happened.
 Loved this book so much. It’s such a treasure to find a book that you don’t want to put down. Such a beautiful story of nature and love.
 Had very mixed feeling bout this book. Hard time staying with it in the beginning but it did pick up and then had hard time putting it down.
 This was a fun read, following the growth of the main character in a context so different from any personal experience of mine.
 Good message from this book but some things were unrealistic.
 Enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed enjoyed I don't like twenty words I don't  like twenty words I don't like twenty words
 This was a delightful book.  I listened on Audible and the narrator did a very good job.  I was enchanted with the characters and the story line.
 A  page turner that you hang on every word!
 Really enjoyed the beautiful descriptions of nature  and the relationships with nature that sustained this child for so many years. Allowed the reader to have deep response to several of the characters.
 I read each word with my heart in a flutter, tears ready to spill, breath raspy and uneven. So moving, so picturesque. I ached for this girl. A great read!
 This was an amazing story of abandonment, love and betrayal.  The author's portrayal of the marshes of North Carolina are vivid and live with you throughout the book.  A page turner, I could not put down....Will be in my guests rooms to share with others.
 This was beautifully written. Interesting characters and weaving of past to present. You will enjoy it.
 I loved everything about this book - the characters, the exceptional descriptions of nature, and the emotions that came with reading it. I would recommend it to all my book loving friends. Thank you, Delia, for many hours of joy.
 This book was charming and poignant. A testimony to the human spirit and the fight for survival.
 Wonder book, very hard to put down.  I loved the way the characters were developed in the story.
 Loved how the author wove different themes of nature, family abuse, societal mores, and a 'whodunit' against a poetic vision of marsh and lagoon environments. Felt as though i was right there in the Carolina marshland.
 Held my interest to the end; did not want it to end
 Couldn’t put this book down.
 This was  a great read - and I never saw "that" coming.  Be sure to finish it all the way through. 'Nuff said!
 Good story and well written.  Enjoyed reading and would recommend
 I loved every part of this story.  The main character is complicated and layered and I was not able to put the book down!
 easy and interesting read.
 I am picky about books but loved this one! It keeps you on your toes.
 This book was so good it made it to my top 5! :) SO wonderful
 Beautifully framed, images that will haunt me attractively and with some aversion at the same time.  The story blends a poignant reminder of a history most of us lived through along with the eternal natural world and shows how to learn and benefit from both.
 What great story teller. Living in North Carolina..I know the sound and smells of our great marshes. Delia<br/>took the reader on an adventure through survival.  Readers...Please don't miss the chance to meet Kya.
 If you are looking for a book that will have you fighting the "just one more chapter" rationality, this is the one to read.  I didn't want to read the last chapter because I didn't want my view of Kya's life to end!  Beautifully written.  Thank you Ms. Owens for sharing her story with us.
 Very interesting read, brings a lot of awareness of emotions from one end of the spectrum to the other.  You just want to keep on reading.
 I read "Educated" first and found it more depressing than uplifting.  I then read "Where the Crawdads Sing" which starts with a similar situation but moves quickly to the story of survival and friendship.  Perhaps knowing "Educated" was a true story made it harder to read.
 Kya is a wonderful character that you will cheer for from page one. You are grateful for the few people that saw her special gifts and encouraged her. The marshland came to life and was more than just a background in this beautiful narrative.
 This book kept me entertained and enthralled from beginning to end! Loved my read. I would recommend it to anyone
 The descriptions of everything were so good. You could see it all in your mind. Beautiful!! I thought, at times, it went on a little to long but the story and outcome were very good.
 Loved this book! Once I started I could not put it down!
 Could not out it down!  Well written, terrific, engaging story with an unexpected twist.  The author paints a colorful picture of the main character’s life and weaves in interesting bird descriptions.
 One of the most beautiful books I've ever read. Beautifully written, very interesting, and it touched on every emotion in the human spectrum. I loved it.
 Enjoyed this book a lot.  Interesting perspective on culture and how we treat others who are different.  Good suspense as well as interesting story line.
 Loved this book, very descriptive of an area I’m only vaguely familiar with. Heartwarming and I highly recommend it.
 I could read this book forever. What a fine movie it will make!  I hope there is a place like this still. The book brings you down to earth to what's important and how we must learn to take care of ourselves.
 Not quite believable, but a good read.  Interesting, ending is a surprise.  I would suggest this book, kept my attention.
 Magical book. Truly beautiful and inspired love story. Thank you Ms. Owens for writing a this rich novel about sacrifice and what it takes to truly love.
 Loved this book. Did not want it to end! Great characters and descriptions of the wildlife and marsh.
 Well written &amp; intriguing! Didn’t drop the ball on the ending like some authors do. I loved the book, I highly recommend it!
 Book moved along with very descriptive narrative of the environment and character descriptions
 I could not put it down!  Every time I sat down to read I was somehow transported to the marsh. I could almost smell the trees and rich earth. Wonderfully written and truly captivating, I can't wait to share this book with friends.
 This story was heartwrenching so many times but so beautiful. I felt so satifsfied after finishing reading this book. I recommend it now to anyone who will listen.
 Great characteristics and explanations that made you feel so engulfed in the book from the very beginning. Some parts so sad and others so intriguing you feel as though you are right there in the book!
 I'd give it 10 stars if it were allowed.
 This is a touching and moving story.  I felt like I was right there with Kya during her experiences.
 A great story.  I highly recommend it.
 One of the most well written books I’ve ever read. The author blended natural history with a compelling story. I hated to finish it.
 I feel like I have been on a true adventure thru the marshes and lived among the birds.  A true experience.
 A fascinating read! Gripping from the beginning to the very end!<br/>I really enjoyed Where the Crawdads Sing! Gives one a deep appreciation of the environment they live in.
 Everyone in my bookclub loved this story. That never happens! The nature aspect fascinated us
 This was a fabulous read. I couldn't put it down. Enthralling really. Certainly not the same old mystery store. Liked<br/>it so much that I searched for other Owens book and sadly this is her only novel. Hopefully there will be another. LA
 Best i have read in long while.  Couldn't put down.  Great story of personal survival .
 THE HONESTY AND SHEAR SURVIVAL ON THE EARTH AROUND THIS ANMAZING WOMAN.
 Loved everything about this book.
 I literally couldn’t put this book down. I sobbed as the story was finishing. Not only because of the ending but because it was nearing the end. Highly recommend!
 extremely exciting and very unusual.
 Great book- well made
 Who manages to survive in spite of severe adversity. Makes her own indelible mark on the world .  Reaffirms the need of humans to be accepted and loved and the shattering consequences of the love being betrayed.
 I could hardly put this book down. It is a compelling read about a child / woman who has to<br/>learn to fend for herself in the harsh marshland. It is beautifully written.
 A lovely story with something of a fairy tale quality to it. Reminds me a bit of The Snow Child which was also beautifully written. I didn’t want it to end!
 So enjoyable, I didn’t want it to end! Surprised and happy about ending!!
 I loved it! What a great writer. Can’t wait to read more of her books.
 The author has an exponential talent to involve you, not only in details of nature, but in the mysteries of life and relationships.
 Really good novel. Love the story line of a girl who came from no one and nowhere to a published author - all because of the marsh.
 A sad story but a writer who told the story well. I very much enjoyed it.
 Could be one of my favorite books ever. LOVED IT
 This book started off slow for me but I blame it on my motivation to read that month not the story. Once I actually got into it I couldn’t put it down. I really enjoyed this book, it’s going to be hard to find another one to live up to it.
 I didn't think I was going to like it, but the farther I go into it, the better it got.  Twists and turns!
 Very well researched and beautifully written.
 The best book I've read in a very long time.  I'd highly recommend it.
 Absolutely the best book I ever read. The development of the main character was beautifully handled by the author along with the others she came in contact with.
 I couldn’t put this book down. The writing was superb and kept a pace that drew you in. Always wanting more! The character development was perfect and made me feel so much for all of the characters in the book.
 It's been a long time since I've read such a beautiful book. The detail and imagery of the story and the resiliency of the main character throughout are why I chose such a high rating.
 A good book using science and nature to create an interesting tale w many metaphors<br/>The end has a bit of shark jumping but is intriguing and interesting nonetheless
 Didn't want to put it down! Got it on sat and finished it Sunday nite at 1:00 in morning....was left wanting more
 Ended too fast. Surprise ending! Loved it!
 Of the thousands of novels I’ve read over the years, this is one of the best. A beautifully-written multi-faceted story. You can read a synopsis elsewhere but don’t bother...just read!
 Great writing and well developed characters made for a book that I couldn't put down. I loved the descriptions of the natural world woven throughout the story. One of my all time favorite novels!
 Incredible story telling, descriptions...plot always a surprise.  NEVER have I enjoyed a book more than this one.
 There is not a lot to say about this book other than it is the best book I have ever read !
 Good thing I bought this over the holidays because I didn't want to put it down. The first 50 pages are just ok but after that, it takes off and I couldn't stop reading. Highly recommend.
 Easy and interesting read infused with the environmental impact of marsh lands.
 This was one of the best books I have ever read and I read 2 or 3 books a week.
 The author provides the reader with an elegant description of the wild life and botanical beauty of coastal wet lands while weaving a complicated tale dealing with hardships of loneliness, prejudice and cultural bias. Greatly recommended as a must read.
 Good character development.  Decent plot.  A good read.
 The way the author worded every part of the narrative was mesmerizing.  I loved this book.  Beautiful language, beautiful story.
 I really enjoyed this book.  The characters were well written and believable.  The story line was not predictable which I enjoyed and the ending left me dumbfounded.  Strongly recommend this book.
 This is the first review I’ve ever written but I had to share my enthusiasm about this book! I have to agree with others who say they couldn’t put it down.  It was beautifully written &amp; I hope to read more from this author.
 The story of Kya draws you in until you feel like you are drawing each breath with her and truly seeing what she sees. Best thing I’ve read in a very long time.
 Kya, the marsh girl- her story is beautiful and heartbreaking. I felt as if I was there in the marsh living her isolated life, I especially loved the poetry verses mixed in. If you want to be lost in a not too distant time and place read “ where the crawdads sing”
 As each chapter unfolded I became more and more infatuated with the thinking and the actions of the Marsh Girl. This book is a great read.
 The best book I've read in a long time ! Just the right amount of suspence to keep your mind wondering what's next!
 A compelling story set in a beautiful landscape. The author paints a lovely picture of the natural world as backdrop to human drama. Enjoyed the book, but did not like the audiobook narration and opted to read the Kindle version instead.
 It as hard to put this book down. It will hold your interest from page one. Kya survives the impossible.
 This book had it all, celebration of the inner strength and intellect of a girl / woman against all odds, love story, murder mystery and powerful ending all written with poetic elegance. One of my favorite books.
 Read this in one night.  Couldn't put it down.
 Loved this book beautifully written couldn’t put it down I highly recommend anyone who enjoys a good love story of sorts
 Bittersweet story of innocence and survival. I especially liked the surprise ending.
 Can’t put this one down!
 The pictures of nature created in this book are amazing. You feel the wind, taste the salt and let the sun warm you. Throughout the story I felt repelled, amazed, shocked, surprised and sad - sometimes all at the same time. I very much enjoyed reading this book up till the very end!
 Perfect beach read! I finished it in a day!
 If you love to read, this book is for you.
 Even though I love to read, quite often it puts me to sleep within reading a few pages.  This book held my interest and couldn't get anything done until I finished it.  Well written.
 I have recommended this book to others. very easy to read
 Our book club rarely agrees on whether we all like a book. We all loved "Where the Crawdads Sing".<br/>And on the rare occasion we all like a book, our discussion is usually briefer because of it. Not so, for "Where the Crawdads Sing".
 What a wonderful story. Beautifully written with a fascinating twist in the end. Best book I've read this year.
 Well written story with well developed characters.  Would recommend to anyone who enjoys  nature. While the ending was expected the author articulated the closing very well b
 Very good book!!!
 Really enjoyed reading.  I thought it was well writen.  Definitely kept my interest.
 Beautiful written: Where the crawdad sing brings you into the marsh so well that you feel right there with Kya...enjoy the ride!
 Absolutely loved this book! The descriptions take you to the place that Kya called home, and taught me things I didn’t know I wanted to learn about living life in a marsh. You won’t regret one minute spent with this book!
 We'll written, almost poetic.
 It was definitely worth my while! Couple of issues with portions of the plot but this author will certainly get better with more novels she writes!
 Loved this book. Very well written,a pleasure from start to finish. Fiction combined with some very interesting and informative scientific facts. Something for everyone including those who want a love story.
 Only January 16th, but guessing this will be my top pick for the year. The sense of place, the artistry, and the story was absolutely riveting.
 Best book this year
 This was a good read in the style of southern story telling, but I'm not sure the story holds up from a credibility standpoint.
 A heartfelt story with mystery and intrigue- I couldn’t put it down. I would definitely give it an A-plus. I loved it!
 This book kept my interest throughout! So true to life! Shows much research and in depth knowledge of subject matter; beyond the storyline. I highly recommend this book. I wasn't familiar with this author when I ordered this, but I am glad I did!!!!
 I cannot say enough how heartbreakingly beautiful this book is!  Everything from the story, the characters, the language itself was amazing. I loved that the writing became more complex and sophisticated along with Kya’s abilities to read and study!
 Good easy read
 I loved this book.  Beautiful language and imagery.  Compelling story.  Wonderful character development.  Highly recommend it!
 An amazing book about life and loneliness in the south. The book provides an amazing feel to the marsh and the life one would live being an abandoned child in the wilderness. The well written words kept me on the edge of my seat, wanting Kaya to survive the life she truly wanted.
 What a wonderful novel!
 This book was very beautifully written and the story was good even though a bit trite and maybe unbelievable.
 One of the best books I have read in years!
 Loved it the story and the surprise ending.
 Loved the book
 Complicated story of a unique young lady who grew up alone in a tear down shack and overcame her difficulties facing the world and a possible romantic life.
 Just the right amount of science and suspense.
 Could not put this book down.  An incredibly moving story
 Fabulous story with twists and turns.  I couldn't put it down.  Definitely recommend especially for a book club!  It will bring out many lively discussions.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is compelling from page one. Almost impossible to put down- informative, enlightening, and runs the gamut of the emotional spectrum. A superb book!
 This book kept me enthralled from cover to cover. I thought I had figured out the mystery ending but I didn’t. Great book. A new favorite for me.
 Loved the book!
 Could not put this book down. Talk about an unexpected ending! Definitely recommend this book. It had be in tears by the end.
 The author compels the reader into Kya's isolated and innocent world. Gripping and well paced. I would definitely recommend this novel.
 Great read. You are drawn into the story very quickly. Great characters and surprising ending.
 Loved this book! Loved the way it was written, loved the detailed descriptions of wild life in the North Carolina wetlands. Story keeps you guessing and surprises you. I read the whole thing in 2 days! I couldn’t put it down, I love a book that grabs you like that! I would definitely recommend
 I really did not want this book to end. Can’t wait for the next one by this author, Delia Owens.
 This is one of the best novels that I have read in years.  As a Southern, the interpretation of the dialect and use of colloquialisms was beautiful.  Read this book.  It will hold you until the last page.  I loved it.
 I enjoyed this book. Although maybe not too suspenseful, it carried along at a good pace. I enjoyed the marsh details
 This book had me hooked from start to finish! The development and depth of the characters, the emotional attachment to those characters, and the suspense!!! I'm amazed! Wow! Please read!
 The characters were well developed and the plot had a few surprising twists and turns.  I just really enjoyed reading it!
 Reading material with love, suspense and drama. Loved it!
 Amazing so far!
 Great book! Loved the characters.
 The best book I’ve read in years!
 Great book. Nice easy reading. Recommend higly
 pretty good
 Very good read. Love the descriptions and insight.
 I could not put this book down. I want to live with Kya in the marsh and glean all of her knowledge about nature.  The author has a wonderful way with words, lots of imagery that create beautiful pictures in your mind.
 Kya taught me to appreciate nature, to think differently about the beauty of wildlife, and the symmetry of bird life.
 I loved this book.  So well written that you could smell the marsh.
 Just an excellent story
 It was so sad in the beginning but so very interesting all the way.
 I absolutely loved this book!
 It is a wonderful read.  Beautifully written with well developed characters and a plot that both enchants and challenges the reader.
 Loved everything about the book! From the characters to the setting to the way this book just pulls you in! I didn’t want it to end.
 Too much time taken with descriptive explanations of thungs;otherwise, I loved the book.  Last half kept me spellbound--didn't want to put it down. Left me in tears at the end.
 This book was amazing, part murder mystery, part love story, along with beautiful descriptions of the North Carolina low country, was so sad when I finished it.....
 Recommended to anyone who loves beautifully written words that can take you places. I heard the seabirds and felt the breezes.
 Such a good book, couldn’t put it down! Very interesting and well written. I can’t wait for her next book
 Great read
 I'm still reading it. Love this book.
 I love this book.  I won't reread books but I think I would this one just because my mind was going one way and the story took me another way.  This is not a predictable story.
 Loved this heartfelt book
 One of the most interesting books I have read in a long time.
 I did not want this book to end!
 Very different than anything I have ever read. It is a poem of nature and it’s beauty. Almost lyrical. But with a good story and plot that carries the reader along. Really loved this book.
 I loved the book and really loved the ending.
 This book has become one of my favorites!
 I loved this book
 interesting and entertaining
 Excellent  story from the  beginning to end.  I didn't  want it to end.
 Words can’t describe how I am feeling after finishing  this book.  I wiped away lots of tears. As a teacher, I pray that no student ever feels unwelcome at school. I read this for my Book Club and am so glad I did.
 Great read.
 A thoroughly creative and refreshing novel.  I do find it hard to believe that a young girl could live alone for so many years but the story caught my imagination and I really enjoyed it.
 This book conveys everything good about the human spirit.  A wonderful read.  Delia Owen's ability to connect human survival and the mysteries of nature is remarkable. Highly recommended.
 Read in under 24 hours it was so well written, intriguing, and entertaining. Now I have to read more of the author’s work
 I could not put it down! It wrenched my heart until the last line. Beautiful story of defying the odds and Sunday Justice
 Book club
 I really liked this book. It was silly and initially not my thing, but had a good story and I like It . Strong stories and a bit out of fashion, but they have their place. It was a good read, and perhaps that is the best measure of a good book
 It made me cry and I loved it!!  Kind of a slow start, but one of the best books I’ve ever read.
 Beautiful story with unexpected turns and pure love. The best book I’ve read so far this year. I’m also inspired to read the authors non-fiction books.
 I couldn’t put it down. The author connects you to the characters. You feel what they must be going through. You believe in them  It is such an interesting story of struggle, heartbreak, mystery and growth with twists and turns.
 One of my all time favs
 Great book
 I enjoyed the book tremendously and suggested it to four others who also really liked it.  The writing was clear and poetically beautiful.  The images came alive as I read the story.  I highly recommend this book.
 Wonderful story. Characters are well developed.
 This book was FABULOUS!<br/>Don’t miss it!!!!<br/>Couldn’t put it down!!!
 A compelling read. The author reeled me in time and time again with unexpected twists and turns.  I highly recommend this book
 Very interesting book , well written....
 Great book
 I usually don’t like books like this that have a big mystery and bounce around while you wait to get more info, but I couldn’t put this one down.
 I got caught up in this book from the start and couldn’t put it down. An easy read but with some interesting twists.
 I finished the book in record time. It's the kind of story you wake up thinking about and adjust your schedule to read. The characters are so rich and you will find your heart breaking and bursting. A great book about the life of the forgotten in the South. A perfect beach book selection.
 Kept my interest and loved the story.
 Good story with a mystery thrown in. Who doesn’t like that?
 Best book I've read all year. Filled with romance, mystery, coming of age, and more. This is now my top 5 favorite read.
 This book is very well written and keeps you guessing until the very end.  The characters and the setting are fully<br/>developed and captivating.  I have recommended it to many others and they have shared their delight in the book as well.
 Different reading for me but I really enjoyed reading about this part of the south and the "swamp girl" survival<br/>on her own.
 I absolutely love this story. Even though I felt it started out a little slow, but it turned out to be an amazing story. I really hope Netflix or someone else picks it up for a short film or mini series. The book keeps you guessing up until the very end. Highly recommend.
 The characters were well developed and the plot was intriguing.
 Easy to read,  A lovely story. Truly enjoyed this novel.
 I found the story unique &amp; engaging. The story setting is coastal NC. I am from NC &amp; enjoyed that connection as the setting is integral to the plot .
 It was written so well and with good description.
 This story took until chapter five before it really caught my attention, but I am so glad that I kept reading. The story of Kya was heart wrenching, and inspiring. This is the best book I’ve read in a long time, with a twist at the end that did not leave you hanging!
 It's been a long time since I've been so engaged with the characters in a story. Couldn't put this book down.<br/>Have recommended this to all my book lover friends.<br/>More. Please
 Heartwarming story with many surprises.
 I loved the writing
 It is extremely well written.  I felt like I lived in that marsh, took delight in the channels, birds, insects, wildlife and flora.  Grieved the loss of family one by one and shared her loneliness.
 Loved this book from the first page to the last!  Great story line.  Hopefully this will someday be a great movie too.
 If you enjoy reading books for the writing...not to mention a suspenseful, gripping story...you should read this book.
 Loved the book from beginning to end. A real story of survival and the different  types of love in the world.
 Must read.
 I could not stop reading. The way the author develops Kya throughout the entire book kept me flipping through each page. It’s a genuine story and an inspiring one at that.
 Well written and a beautiful story.
 The main character is a compelling heroine who survives a.hard and lonely childhood.  You root for her and genuinely want her to succeed.
 A little unbelievable, but very well written, kept me interested.  Definitely worth a read.
 Beautiful prose and interesting story telling. Hated to finish and leave the marsh. Looking forward to her next novel. Soon I hope.
 Believe all the positive reviews - an excellent book
 Slow start for a novel with this many stars. However, by the 8th chapter I was intrigued. Brilliant finish!  Leaves the reader in awe and the plot twists and turns to its final pages.
 I really enjoyed the book. I thought parts of it were a little unrealistic.
 This book weaves a wonderful tale of a strong, smart girl with a will to survive and her love of the beauty of nature
 Well written,  poetic. A beautiful journey through nature. Written so well you could hear and feel life in the marsh.
 Such a well-written, beautiful story.
 I couldn’t put this book down.  It will remain one of my favorites!  I purchased it for my Kindle, now I will purchase a hard copy for my library .
 Beautifully written. Who didn’t want kya to be justified. To live a life she deserved.  But who wanted her to end her life buried in such a secret.
 Good read with an unexpected ending.
 Any Reese book club book is bound to be good and this did not disappoint. Such a great book!
 Had me from beginning to end.  Beautifully written. I could feel the Marsh around me! Amazing it was her first novel.
 Interesting story.  Not quite believable but compelling.
 Written well
 Couldn’t put it down.  Intriguing!
 A unique, heartfelt story with an unforgettably rich setting.
 What a great book, I honestly didn't want to put it down.  I felt like I knew what each character was thinking.  Well written.
 One of the best books I've read.  It was good from the first page!
 The book brings to life the marsh inhabitants and those who benefit from all life.  Thank you to the author for binging it to<br/>Life.
 Great book - great condition!
 Wonderful book!  Must read list
 Wonderful writing. So creative
 I’ve never read a story that combined two times lines so well. It develops the story and characters just when you need it to. It’s a story that opens your eyes to the outcasts and the implications of a prejudiced community.
 THis book was so amazing, so unique and different. I enjoyed every minute and couldn't guess for one instant what would happen.  This book was the epitome of why I so love to read!!!  Just read it and you'll see for yourself.
 I have read a number of books in the last few weeks because I am on vacation. This book was the best of the lot. I love reading a book that holds my interest and made me anxious to open it again and again. I seldom write reviews but I want other readers to know how good it is. Enjoy!!
 If you want a smooth, well written book that will keep you up all night, this is it!
 A story of survival, mystery and love. An excellent read set in the rural North Carolina marshlands. You feel like you get to know Kya personally.
 Loved the easy, interesting read. Kept me captive throughout the book. Felt incredibly sorry for the abandoned little girl who surpassed unbelievable hardships to survive and excel beyond belief.
 Oh my goodness...I could not put the book down...I read it in two days<br/>fabulous read!!
 This was one of the best books I have read in a very long time.  It had everything needed to capture my attention, and was extremely well written.
 Loved this book!  Well written and a page turner.  Could just envision the marshland and the local surroundings depicted in this story.
 This is a good story and nicely written
 Fabulous story.  I could not put it down.
 Beautiful, from start to finish. An amazing book. Richly written. So beautifully articulated that I could sometimes smell the turnips, grits,and the marsh. This is one to read and reread time and time again .
 I enjoyed things book immensely. Great story, wonderful descriptions of the natural world and deep insights into people and place. Can't recommend it enough.
 I loved this book. The authors way of writing kept it all very interesting and I found her descriptions of nature above and beyond. Good story line, in my opinion.
 Very interesting. Make you wonder how a child could survive infer those conditions.
 The improbable story of a young girl left to fend for herself in the marsh, her life, loves and challenges
 Excellent book
 Loved this book.  It is beautifully written and an easy read.
 This Atlantic salt marsh saga with twists and turns hits very close to home.  A heroine like none I've ever seen. Masterful.
 A book that you cannot put down. A book you didn’t want to end.  Any avid reader would agree this book is one of the most heart wrenching books ever written.
 This book was well written; kept my attention and interest throughout!  Would like to experience more of this author's work!
 Excellent read. Page turner. Great story. Well written. Highly recommended.
 Will not send back, but a little disappointed in the shape it arrived today. Can’t wait to read the book!
 Such a good book!
 The descriptions of the marsh and all that reside there,human and wildlife create a character by the author.  Sad but amazing  tale of a child and what she lived through and what she became...
 I don’t normally write reviews, but after reading this fabulous book I felt compelled to share some quick thoughts...<br/><br/>This was such  a beautifully written story- one of my new favorites by far. I absolutely, 100% highly recommend in every way! Love, love, love this book!
 This book was informative and interesting.  I learned more about marshes than I ever knew before.  The story was fascinating.  I don't want to say too much.....you just have to read this book!
 Where the Crawdads Sing is a beautifully written book. The plot is emotionally moving and brings the reader into the setting so you can see the natural world and feel the raw emotions. I could of kept reading was sorry to have it end.
 This was a great book! The twist at the end was a real surprise.
 Loved this book.  It was very well written, although not always believable.  This was a book you didn’t want to put down.
 A beautiful story...beautifully told. ...I didn't want it to end.  This author is truly gifted. I look forward to more of her works.
 This story took my breath away, I wish it had no end. The beautiful writing evoked images in my mind that were as vivid and riveting as an award-winning movie, and perhaps someday this story will be.  I cannot wait for Delia Owens' next work of art.
 I found this book riveting.  I read mainly history and other non fiction, but this is by far the best novel I read read this year.  My wife just read it and feels the same.  It's an appropriate read for all ages.
 Could not put down!<br/>This book was amazing, well written, quick paced with just enough intrigue.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It has romance, mystery, and information from years gone by. Very entertaining. I would recommend to others.
 Good book. Starts slow with excessive descriptions then picks up and tells a good story
 The Story was sad as far as she had to endure all this prejudice. But she survived. I liked the Book!
 A very touching story.  Hard to put the book down once you start reading.
 This was my book club book this month. I didn't want to put it down to go to sleep.. which rarely ever happens. The protagonist is endearing and you really empathize with her. Also, who doesn't love a good twist? I would highly recommend this book!
 Loved this story.  It is extraordinary.  The setting, characters, the mystery-totally absorbing.
 I enjoyed the life history. The murder plot adds some thrill.
 I loved this book.  It takes a little time to get into the interesting part, but it's worth it.  Loved the writing style.
 This book was awesome. It's like you were in the marsh. A heartbreaking love story. Holds you until the bigger end
 Awesome book! The writing was so great that reading was effortless. I did not want the book to end. Such a great read. I would highly recommend this book!
 I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK
 I used it for person enjoyment.<br/>This story ran the gamut of emotions. Very fast read. Captivating
 I bought the book for a book club read. It was ok,but a bit too much description for me. Which made sense when I got to the end and realized that the author was a biologist. I felt the story was stretched out in the beginning and rushed at the end
 Wonderful!!!
 Couldn’t stop reading! Such a good book that keeps you turning the pages
 Loved it, brilliant writing and creative storyline
 Difficult subject matter but wonderfully written.  You can smell the salt air in the marshes!
 This is the best book ive read in quite some time. Thoroughly entertaining and unputdownable.
 Quick paced, perfect book club option
 i enjoyed this book and I think it will be made into a movie. It was different
 Was not what I expected, but a good book.
 Excellent book!!!
 Read Educated. One a novel and the other a memoir. Great comparison for discussion!!!
 Great writing about nature and relationships. It was mostly realistic if not 100% so.
 Loved all the references to nature and the<br/>carefully developed characters.  A beautiful, but sad,story of loneliness and eventual love.
 Lack of credibility but interesting story line.  Surprise ending?
 This is a truly wonderful story about a young girl growing up in the swamp who has to overcome a lifetime of horrendous obstacles, including a number of people who abandon her. Her life takes added twists at the end.
 Just beautiful. I loved every part of this novel. Cannot wait for the film. Masterpiece.  Kya is a character I will never forget.
 I couldn't put this book down and then didn't want to finish it feeling I couldn't possibly enjoy the next one as much.
 I enjoyed this book tremendously.  I read it every night before going to bed. It took approximately three to four weeks to.finish
 Awesome story<br/>Book club
 Creative story with great character development
 This book was in fine shape.. no complaints. I was pleasantly surprised as it was the cheapest one online too!
 I loved this book from the very first word to the very last word!! Beautifully written. I strongly recommend this book.
 It is kinda of long, but is a quick read because you can't put it down. Such a good book by an amazing author
 Such a wonderfully told story!  I was sorry it was finished, but felt it came full circle to a wonderful end!
 This story is intriguing from start to finish. You will not want to put it down.<br/>A gift of the wonders of the marsh and the grit it took for Kya to survive.
 Great read, reminiscent of To Kill a Mockingbird but from the perspective of a Boo Radley like character. The imagery of the NC coast was wonderful and the ending was deeply satisfying. Definitely recommend adding this to the top of your list.
 I started this book on a Saturday and finished it the following Monday because I couldn’t put it down.  I had to keep reading to find out what happened.  Definitely a page turner!  You feel for the main character and everything she goes through.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I usually read Horror, which is my favorite, but this book was such a nice splash of cool water!  Would highly recommend!
 Very entertaining book and you begin to really feel for the main character. The ending was a surprise.
 Great read.  Felt like I was with Kya as she moved from rejection to wholeness.  Best book I have read in a long time.
 The story is refreshingly new.  The author has captured the landscape and the people beautifully.  Ms. Owens’ magic with words is passionately poetic.  Could not put it down.
 The story is written in nice enjoyable prose and with a rich vocabulary. However, the characters are too one-dimensional to satisfy me and I prefer less 'unnecessary' detail.
 Great book well worth reading
 The descriptions of the location and the characters provided a detailed understanding of the their unique facets. I couldn’t put it down.
 Loved the characters and the way the story unfolded in this book.
 Great story.  Keeps your interest.  Different type of story.  Enjoyed it very much.
 An excellent read! Very descriptive- lots of detail of the marsh. An emotional story that held my interest throughout the book.
 Sometimes you need to read about a whole new world that could exist with a character that won’t be a victim.
 An absolute beautiful story. So well written.  Had so much feeling and warmth.  I kept reading and reading. Could not put it down.
 Great read.  I’m from coastal NC, it resonated.
 This book has beautifully written descriptions of nature and the author has a light touch even when dealing with serious topics. I recommend it.
 Have read a book so fast in a long time. Could not put it down.The book had a great story.
 It was good, but I expected more from all the rave reviews. It’s worth the read, it just wasn’t the “can’t put the book down” kinda book.
 Loved the descriptive writing that made you feel a part of the story. Where the Crawdads Sing captured the loneliness of the main character Kya as though you experiencing it yourself. A very good read.
 One of my favorite books of the year and I read all the time.  Beautifully written.  Could not put it down!
 Interesting main character. I have recently read Before We Were Yours and Educated, and these three books have similarities. Enjoyed reading this book.
 The most beautifully written book I have read in a long time!  If you have an appreciation for nature and God's creations, you will LOVE this book.  This book has it all.  Beauty, pain, real life sorrow, mystery  and love.......
 I loved this story. Highly recommend.
 Was listed as nonfiction on Amazon but wasn't? The author has written several award winning nonfiction books but this was misrepresented.
 This was a beautifully written book with an intriguing story!
 All emotions in this book!  Very sad throughout, but very well written.  The detailed descriptions of the river and swamp were eloquently written.  Surprise ending for me.
 99 out of 100 stars!
 Love the description of the geography of this region. It was an important part of the story and was told in an interesting way that added to the plot. Love those dysfunctional family novels. I guessed the ending but it was still a great read.
 Made my heart smile. At times, I felt I was living in the Marsh with her. I didn't want it to end.
 I really enjoyed the book.  The mystery of it.
 This book was used for a book club reading and created a lot of good conversation.
 Loved this book.  Kept my interest and curiosity the entire time. Wonderful story, well written, easy read. I have a vivid imagination and the writing made me travel to wonderful places. A real joy!
 Loved the entire book
 This book really spoke to me. Amazing story and one you will not want to put down.
 Loved this story of a woman who met inbelievable odds to achieve a life worth living. Beautiful language ... “I was where the Crawdads sing!”<br/>Love the story... left me wondering and thinking for many days!!!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Up to the end, it had me guessing at what would happen next. It was really well written and thought out.
 Incredible.
 Its a easy read with a great ending. This book made me cry on multiple occasions.
 Story of a woman’s struggle to survive. As many women must learn especially in today’s word. Rely only on your own strengths.
 The story of Kya’s life and the marshes where it takes place make for an alluring and satisfying read.  The opening paragraph is stunningly written.
 A stunning, stunning novel. So full. So heartbreaking. So healing. So beautiful. 8t hit home, especially in regards to domestic abuse and abandonment, forgiveness and loneliness. I felt a part of the marsh, and the story, and the poetry. So gorgeous.
 This was a bookclub selection and i really enjoyed it.  Lots of details in the characters that kept you intrigued<br/>and wanting more
 Great read. Can’t wait to see the movie! Loved it. A little slow at beginning but the story line was great and Kya is a great character
 Such an astounding, unimaginable, yet believable story. Very heartfelt through the whole book. If you aren’t normally drawn to nature you will be after reading this. This book definitely leaves you wanting more.
 The author’s ability to describe the marsh, its sights, its sound and the sensations of the water and the wind was amazing! I was truly transported. I loved the interspersed poetry. A good read!
 Gave as a gift.  Was told they were planning to buy for themself, so was really happy to get it.
 O did not want this book to end!
 author paints pictures well.  good escapism
 I could not put this book down.  It was much more than I expected.
 I enjoyed this book. It is written in a way that makes you want to keep reading.
 I couldn't  put the book down.  It was so well written and the story so mesmerizing.  Very sad at times but also uplifting in many ways<br/>One of the best stories I've  ever read. .
 Elegantly written, both sad and courageous, haunting and deeply touching. A mystery and an endless love story— who could ask for anything more?  I loved it, in case you couldn’t tell!
 Well written.
 Awesome read with some twists, turns and  thought-provoking ending
 It's not often that a novel's plot and characters develop so nicely together.<br/>Very compelling.<br/>I enjoyed it a lot.
 My word! What is there not to like?  The title hums and one is brought to the edge of rembrance!  I adore the prose and the isolation of experience that the author brings to us .<br/>Please more of this wonder of creativity.
 Great story
 Wonderful characters, good writing, interesting story!
 An amazing story of a genuine girl who faces adversity. A beautiful yet heartbreaking novel. If you like Nature, this is a great read.
 This book was exciting and beautifully written.  I loved it from the beginning.  The ending was awesome.
 Nice book that set a holiday pace, is well written and engages the intellect.  Would recommend.
 This story is so well put together.  The details of science, social status, and relationships are so beautifully woven together that you just cannot put this novel down.
 Loved, loved, loved this book!
 A great story and well written-very enjoyable. The ending was too fast.
 Bought by chance. Reread by choice.
 Absolutely fantastic book! I could not put down. Takes you to another time and place. Highly recommend!
 This novel captivated and held my attention from the first page to the last. Kya's struggles, grit, and demonstrated ability to stand on her own merits demonstrate the power of will  and triumph.
 I was transported to the marsh and had a fabulous trip, without the bug bites.  You did a great job telling an intriguing story.<br/>Thank you,<br/>George
 couldn't put it down
 I didn't want this story to end. Kya is one of my favorite characters  in all t h e hundreds of books I've  read.  Please Delia Owens I hope you have already begun your next work of fiction.  I I'll  be  looking for it.  Please hurrey.
 I've been a fan of Mark and Delia Owens's books for years and was most definitely not let down by Delia's novel! She seemed to allow Kya's feelings and thoughts to flow like warm honey. I don't think anyone will be disappointed at the end of this book.
 I am still haunted by beautiful portrayal of North Carolina's marsh wetlands as a context for this story of  Kya's rising above incredible personal hardships and local bigotry to achieve impressive greatness. This book was a pleasure to read. I highly recommend it.
 Loved the whole book. I felt like I was there with Kaya, the main character experiencing everything with her. This was an audio book for me. Very well read.
 A beautiful coming of age story that also involves a murder. This book haunted me for days after making it difficult to start another book.
 Very caring read... great plot and kept your attention!!! Just needed to know what you already knew!!  Then, it was no surprise...touche!!
 So perfectly written, you could feel every word that the author wrote.  I can't believe it's a debut novel, it's so great!
 An easy mesmerizing read. Was in the moment all along. Life, love and death with a twist. I recommend this book.
 One of my favorite books. Couldn’t put it down.
 Very different and entertaining. Liked it a lot
 Totally great book my a first time author
 Good Read
 The book was just fluff
 Best book
 This is thd best book i have read in a very long time!  I loved tge descriptions of the marshes, wetlands and birds.  My daughter works for the Audubon society and i am giving this to her for Christmas.  I was sad that it ended.  The story was great!
 It is one of my best read for a long time. I thoroughly enjoyed it from the beginning till the end. It seems very real and engaging!
 I was drawn in by the main character and then also snared by the many sporting characters. More development of 1 or 2 would have improved this book but all in all an easy, captivating read.
 Like mystery? It's here. Like romance? It's here. Like to sit up till 3 AM reading? Definitely here. The characters are so well developed and the story is ever changing that you don't know where it will end up. Just read it.
 I loved everything about this book!! I didn't want it to end, I am sure I will read it again.
 This was such a touching story.  I have never read one like this, and was sad to have it end.
 Well written. Great character and plot development.<br/>Couldn’t put it down. I’m from NC and the settings were spot on.
 An engrossing tale that draws you in, captivates your focus and takes you on a wild and unpredictable rollercoaster ride.
 Very good book. Felt emotions for the girl
 Nice read. Very descriptive prose of the swamps lands and coastal waters. Very heart warming.
 Clear display and very helpful for memory impaired individuals
 Something a little different, &amp; a little something for everyone. Romance, murder, child abuse, coming of age, all beautifully written &amp; with a real feel for the South. I was sorry to finish it.
 I loved the writing. The descriptions of the area and the life she lived. It was a beautiful story.
 The whole book is beautiful. Every detail. Not only does it make you crave the feel, sound, and scents of nature, but you can’t stop turning the pages to unfold a love story and a mystery. Highly recommend!!
 The story keeps the reader intrigued and is written beautifully. Images of life by a little girl alone in the marsh and the sadness she felt at being left behind by everyone she knew made it a book that was hard to put down.
 I loved the book. I started and finished in 2 days.  I enjoyed the way the author kept the lifestyle throughout the Kyas. Beautifully written.
 This book was spell binding from the first sentence to the last.  Couldn't put it down or stop thinking about it after reading. Memorable in so many ways.
 So good!  Captivated me from page 1!
 Loved everything about this book. If I could give a 6th star I would.
 What  a  great novel. Well  done
 Where the Crawdads Sing is one of those books that gets you hooked quickly and then don't want to put it down.
 Buy this and read it!
 Beautifully written book that left me with the desire to tell everyone about it! I can’t think of another book I read this year that I can say that about. Its an engaging poetic  love story, whodunnit that you won’t be able to put down!
 I don't typically struggle to put a book down but this one kept me up reading.  Characters were well-developed and Kya made you connect with her  and want a good outcome.  All of the information birds and insects interwoven was a bonus!
 This book was so great, this tired mother of two kids that don’t sleep managed it in 2 days. I couldn’t put it down, and lived every minute of this. The detail, the beauty of the scenery described, and Kya’s inner monologue... just wow.
 One of the best books I’ve read in quite some time.  Engaging with a very surprising ending!
 This book is beautifully written! I loved it.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read. The writing is magnificent, the concept unique and the characters are memorable. I couldn’t put it down yet I didn’t want it to end. I highly recommend it and can’t wait for the author’s next book
 Was beautifully written.  Kept suspense up throughout the entire book
 Enjoyed very much. Good read
 At times while reading, I thought the story was too melodramatic.  However, I stayed interested and by the ending, I thought it was absolutely excellent!
 Entertaining easy reading.  Keeps you wondering "who did it" right to the very end.
 An amazing read - I didn’t want it to end.  Riveted to it from the very first sentence.  Makes you really explore your own internal feelings.
 Loved it, finished in a day and a 1/2.
 It left me breathless. I couldn’t put it down. I’m sorry it was over and will put in in my read again someday pile.
 Couldn’t put it down, kept me turning page after page after page! I Highly recommend that you read this book!
 Great book!
 Great book!  Moved quickly and you got caught up in the story. Loved it. Sending to my sisters so they can read it too.
 This is a sweet and lyrical tale. Although some parts struck me as unlikely, the prose and evocative descriptions of nature and nurture won me over, pulling me into the current of this story.
 Great writing! The story kept drawing me back to the book, hard to put it down. I have sampled many books on Amazon and never purchased because the writing just didn’t “flow” for me. Not so with this book.
 One of the best books I have read this year.
 Loved this book. It had just the right amount of happiness, sadness, mystery, and romance.  A story of overcoming unbelievable odds.  I am recommending to my friends and family.
 This book not only took me to the marsh but to the soul of it. For a first time novelist, this was pure poetry.
 I really enjoyed this book because of the author's ability to keep me reading! I didn't want to put it down. The pictures she painted of the environment and the character's were so real. The conclusion surprised but didn't disappoint.
 A definite page turner and hard to put down.  So glad our book club chose this book - the discussion will be exciting!
 Very engaging read absolutely unputdownable. Wonderful prose, good storyline. Beautiful scenery descriptions, love, life nature, everything you need for a good read
 Fantastic book that I simply did not want to put down.
 Beautiful descriptions of Ocean marshlands.
 Hard to put this story down. What a ending.
 I loved this book, it was such a good story and so beautifully written. I felt like I was in the North Carolina Marsh.
 Great book!
 Wow! It pulled me in from the beginning and kept me engaged until the end. The writing was elegant prose that deeply moved me. An amazing work of fiction wrapped up in a who-done-it mystery.
 Great read!
 I know a few others who nave loved this book.  Unique, easy read.  Good imagery.  Highly recommend
 This was a great book to read. It had several story lines and gave you a true picture of the characters and beauty of the Carolina lowlands. I highly recommend it.
 A wonderful story! This will be one of the must reads!
 This was a great pick for our book club.  I read it all in 2 days.
 You won't want to put this book down! Delia Owens keeps your attention throughout the entire story of the Swamp Girl.
 This is not just a story of a woman fighting for her innocence but one that allows the reader to understand who she is and what made her that way.  The real story is about her, her relationship with nature and how it carries over into her interactions with people.
 I wish I didn't read it so I could read it again. Best book I've read in quite some time.
 Loved this book! So sad it ended! Can’t wait for the movie!
 This book was the best book I have read in years. Very moving and I couldn't put it down.
 Loved every page of this book!
 Well written and intriguing story, even if a little far-fetched.
 This book entranced me from beginning to end.  Never predictable, it twists and turns just enough.  You genuinely feel all of Kya’s feelings along with her, from love to death.  Gripping but a flowing read.  Loved it.
 I truly loved this story. Hauntingly exquisite. I will definitely read it again some day and look forward to any more books Ms Owens writes in the future. Lovely.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time,and I am proflific  reader. It will bring you to tears in places, and remind you that not all people fit into one box.
 loved every page....BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN....lovely, engaging story....couldnt put it down
 The beauty of nature, a sympathetic character and a mystery entwined.  I simply couldn't put this book down but dragged my feet because I didn't want to reach the final pages.
 I was angry at the beginning of the story, but settled down and enjoyed the life story of the Marsh Girl in the end.
 I loved this book!  It spoke to me page after page. My only mistake....I didn’t buy a hard copy. Kindle purchase. It deserves a spot on my book shelve with special books I won’t part with.
 I didn't want to put this book down and I'm sad that I reached the end of the story. The writing makes you feel everything Kya feels and you believe you are actually in the marsh with her.
 Hard to put down and stays with you for a long time.
 Beautifully and lyrically written.  A story about a child growing to be a young woman in extraordinary circumstances.  A testimony to her innocence, resourcefulness and persistence.  I highly recommend!
 Loved this BOOK !! Best Read this year !!
 Enjoyed this thoroughly! Well thought out and enlightening.
 So we'll written.  A wonderfully sympathetic character and believable story in a rich and wonderful setting.  If you like actual literature, read it.
 It was OK
 This book will get you sucked in quickly, and it’s hard to put down.  A tale of loneliness, love, and a thirst of knowledge that few of us know, we get drawn in to the life of Kya, and her Marsh. This is a must read.
 I really enjoyed this book. It caught my attention quickly and I thought the quality of writing was excellent.  I was initially afraid it was going to be one of those recommended books that takes forever to get into - not this one!
 Although I'm an avid reader i hate writing reviews. The words that spun this tail could bring tears to my eyes. I was there living in the marsh in all its wonder and isolation. This read stays with you in your heart.
 Loved this book.
 One of the best books ive ever read..and the ending was so unexpected!!
 I love this book!! Full of southern description, but still a real story of a heroine from early childhood through adulthood, finding a way to survive more adversity than one could imagine. Add in a murder mystery and it’s the perfect page-turner.
 This was a very good book!  I enjoyed it very much.
 Beautiful writing and story!  Wonderfully descriptive!  Loved the book!
 Totally fun read and never had a clue where it was going!
 I really enjoyed reading this book.
 What a great read! It was real and raw at the same time. The charcters and scenery came to life for me. If you liked Prince of Tides and loved the character Scout from To Kill A Mockingbird, you will love this book!
 The ups and downs and twists and turns of this book were well done. The nature element was a nice addition. Well written. No slow parts.
 Kept my interest from the very start. I didn't see the ending coming.
 This was the best book I  have read in a while. Beautifully written weaving nature into a love story - very clever twists and turns that kept me mesmerized. The authors knowledhe and passion for nature enabled me to feel like I also lived in the marsh with Kya.
 I was immersed from page one. I think when everyone, one by one, deserted  the sister, leaving the marsh, never to return. Then  death. The final twist, murder, but well deserved. Thrilling Conclusion. By far the best I ever read.
 Best book I’ve read in a long time. Great story, mystery, characters, and full of interesting surprises.
 A wonderful, beautiful written novel about a small girl who survived and thrived, became a self taught woman in the marshes of North Carolina...but it's so much more.  I did not want this book to end!
 Very entertaining story
 This story tore at my heart. Such a powerful  character. I  was riveted from the first chapter. Read it and be thrilled with the ending.
 This was, by far, one the best books I've ever read and I highly recommend it! Mesmerizing from beginning to end!
 I liked the story premise and descriptive nature of the book. It was easy to follow and really didn’t want to put book down once I started. A lovely story.
 Wonderful story
 I loved the Beautiful detailed descriptions of the North Carolina marsh and coast and the sweet but disturbing story of the Marsh Girl. The whole story was very engaging. I’m not sure that I agreed with the ending.
 I am writing this in tears, what an amazing book. So many emotions through out this book. I laughed, I cried, I yelled. I highly recommend this book to anyone! A must read!
 Absolutely wonderful book!  The descriptions of the wildlife of the marsh is truly amazing.  The Author totally conveys the effects the loneliness on a person.
 Very good read. You will not want to put it down once you get into the story!!
 A powerful, heart-wrenching story of an epic, cruel childhood, and the strength of the human spirit. Definitely one for the collection.
 A beautiful story. It was so soul touching and the language in the book is like poetry<br/><br/>A def must read
 My spouse and I both rate this as at least a top five all time book we’ve read, and more likely a top three.  The first thing we did when we finished was to look for more by the author.
 This is a favorite!  Recommended to my book group
 Loved the main character, Aya! Such a beautifully written book - descriptions if the marsh and coast were exquisite!
 Very well written book with many plot twists and turns.
 Great story with a powerful lesson about helping each other. The twists and turns of the story are unbelievable.
 It was well written and kept me wondering what would happen next.<br/>I enjoyed Kya's like in<br/><br/>It is well written and I couldn't wait to see what would happen next.<br/><br/>I enjoyed reading about life in the Marsh
 Great book!
 I found this book beautiful and compelling. Loved every page.
 A wonderful read, couldn’t put down.
 Incredibly heart-wrenching, suspenseful, beautifully written, felt as if I were right there in the wild with the Marsh Girl.<br/>Usually I fly through a book, but this was one to savour.
 Read this book in 4 days beautifully written. Loved the descriptions of the marsh . Loved how she described the natural beauty of the low country
 Page after page, I was stirred to imagine the fear this little girl lost must have endured. Abandoned by all but her birds and shells, I fell for her. Twist at the end was unexpected and yet, worth every page. Well developed characters, beauty at every turn.
 Excellent story. Hated to put it down
 This book got me hook, line and sinker. I literally could not put it down. The story pulled at my soul, at my heart and my tissue box. Well done!
 I thought it was the best book I had read in a long time. It captivated me from the first few pages and could not wait to see what the story was.
 Loved this book, an easy read while tackling some hard topics in a way that involves all the feels. Great for young ladies to read I think, for courage and a different point of view on how we become "educated" in the ways of the world. A lot of heart in this book.
 I did not want this story to end. So beautifully written. It’s hard to believe this is a first novel!!!!  I will anxiously await her next
 Loved the description of the characters and loved the resilience of the characters.
 Not a standard chick summer read -- this left you to think more -- really great -- have recommended it to many!
 Great writing, good character development. Wonderful story!!
 A gorgeous story of humanity ...of survival and ultimate triumph with seemingly insurmountable challenges along the way.  The author invoked such compassion for Kya, I found myself on the edge of the seat to see her to fair treatment and ultimate happiness.
 The protagonist Kya<br/>will stay with me for a good while.Beautifully written descriptions of the swamp and those who dwell there.
 An unusual setting and subject matter kept me glued to my reader. The advanced level of self-taught education was a bit unrealistic.
 Good book
 That one can survive even under the worst of circumstances.
 Block off 2 days. Curl up. Be prepared to be engulfed by this novel.<br/>I was sad when I reached the end.
 Very unique story line.  More than engaging. Great character development.
 I loved this book because of the marsh education I received while following a delicious plot!  This was my kind of book!
 Fast-paced, well written, well deserved accolades for this great novel.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a great read.
 Interesting read
 I loved this story. The setting and the ending. I couldn’t put it down and finished in a day. If you don’t read any other books, read this one.
 Ingenious novel, woke up in the middle of the night to continue reading this book. Loved the character development. Cried for this neglected child and I knew as well the likely end.
 This was the best book I’ve read all year. I read it so quickly because I couldn’t put it down!  I loved the main character and I learned so much about the marsh that I didn’t know.
 Heartbreaking, beautiful, raw, emotional story.  You just want to reach out and hug the main character in this story.  Loved the unlikely friendships that formed.
 This book is just too heartbreaking...I don't recommend it, even though it is well written.
 The best book I've read in quite a while. Such a beautiful book about nature but also a mystery! Just read it!
 What a wonderful book. The writing was superb and I could visualize the marshes and water wonderful
 Slow start really enjoyed
 One of the best books I have read in a long time. I truly felt for Marsh Girl and her unwavering determination to survive her childhood. This book will stay with me for a long time.
 Very well written, hard to put down.  now having read it, I understand the excellent review of other readers.
 Enjoyed reading this book and you will too!!!
 one of the most enchanting main characters that I have read in a while. Stunning coming of age story filled with love, heartbreak, melancholy and culture.
 This was the best book I have read in a long time. It was so well written with many surprises. I didn't want it to end.
 Interesting content.  Well formed characters.
 Starts off a little slow but the beautiful descriptions of the marsh, birds, and plant life pull you into the world of Kya and her amazing ability to survive and thrive on her own.
 This is a beautifully written story of loss, unlikely friendship, love and death. This story will grab hold and keep you engaged until the last page!
 Great Book!
 Starts off hard to follow because of the language, but stick with it.  You’ll love it! The characters really stick with you.
 This book is beautifully written. It combines mystery with human struggles and life in the marshy backwater of a small southern town. It is a page turner.
 Loved this book!! One of those books you don't want to stop reading. Can't wait for her next novel
 The imagery in this book is astounding, Owens transported me to the marsh, every sound, smell, to the feel of sun in skin. I'm hoping there's more to come!
 Beautifully written in so many ways. Heartbreaking with a compelling story... I stayed up way too late with this one...I highly recommend it.
 Where the Crawdads Sing was well worth reading. The author captures the readers attention with a sad and loving storyline.
 This is the best novel I have read in years. The author is so detailed in her story telling. I had it loaded on kindle on my phone and hated to put it down for charging time. Wonderful adventure, educational, heart wrenching Love Story!!!
 Great read! Beautifully written ...a very enjoyable pleasant book  to curl up with. Highly recommend this book. I will certainly read more books by Delia Owens.
 I couldn’t put it down.  This book is one that I will read again and again.  The imagery, the characters, the poetry, the marsh!  My goodness the ending!
 Different. Interesting read.
 I loved this book and highly recommend.
 This book is pure joy. I loved kya and seeing her journey, her emotions were so relatable. I was rooting for her the whole story. I didn’t want it to end! Beautifully written. HIGHLY recommend!
 The best book I have read Lately.
 PERHAPS A LITTLE TOO LONG
 I loved this book very much. a little hard to start but what a wonderful story.
 I loved the book. Well written and kep my interest to the very end🤗
 A stunning debut novel. Beautifully written and a real page turner. I cannot wait to read her next book. Don't hesitate - read this book!!!
 Great flow. Interesting characters. Accurate detail of area. Real page turned. Tough to put down.
 Thoroughly enjoyed it from beginning to end with quite a few strong and powerful moments along with a surprise ending
 I had heard good things about this book but was completely blown away. I loved this book. The main character Kya pulls at your heart strings. What an incredible story around an even more incredible cast of characters. Read this book now!
 Loved it all, the story, the characters, the authenticity!!<br/>Happy, sad, frightening and a joy to experience.  A must read !
 Really good book. One of the best I read lately.
 Great coming of age story with a mystery thrown in.  Loved the ending.  I also liked the lack of self pity by the author
 This book was written with so much imagery and emotion. I got lost in the swamps and felt the loneliness, fear, and heartbreak. Best book I’ve read in a very long time.
 Great book and beautiful story
 Love
 Great story. Suspenseful. Wish it wouldn’t have ended!
 Very interesting well written read. Author really takes you on an unlikely trip through the life of a deserted young child's life. Could ok dent put the book down.
 I loved the development of the characters and the author's prose - beautiful.
 Such a great book
 Wow. This book stayed with me for days after reading it.
 I know that word is used entire,y too often these days but this book truly was awesome. A real page turner; endearing, frustrating, liberating, root for the underdog read.
 Well written. held my attention. Enjoyed it.
 Fascinating. A lot implausible.  A 6 or old child living alone with no money tested limits of my belief.  The twist at the end was totally unexpected.
 Highly recommended read!  Beautiful story of the marsh with some mystery and love thrown in. Could not put it down.
 It was a wonderful book from start to finish, could not put it down!
 I couldn't put this book down.  It was well written and fun to read.
 Loved the book.
 I found this book to be predictable and rather boring. Yes it has a twist but that was not enough to make me happy with the book.Not enough meat, lots of description .
 I loved the book when I read it.  When I gifted the book to my wife for her birthday, I was gratified that, after she read it, she was also effusive in its praise.  Others I've recommended it to are also giving very positive feedback.
 This is a great read. So enjoyed the characters, the story and the style.
 Loved the description of the marsh, you could smell and hear it..  What a surprise at the end.
 Great read. Loved it
 Kya is a gritty, brave and smart character that will be hard to forget.  This is a book I can’t wait to recommend.
 This book lures the reader in for an adventure of a growing girl living in the marsh lands. The captivating excursions of Kya leave the reader with a desire to explore the richness of life.
 Beautiful descriptions of wild life, nature weather and the cycles of life told through the heartbreaking story of an abandoned little girl who, against all odds, survives.  A very accurate portrayal of a certain time and place which seems immortal.
 This book has beautiful prose but also had a story line and mystery that drew you in and held you to the very end.
 This was a great read.  I found myself thinking about Kya all day long.  I love when an author can make me want to meet the characters in their books.  So well written.  I have suggested this book to all of my friends.
 i really enjoyed the book, especially the ending
 Very good read.
 I must’ve met even though this book had excellent recommendations, I was not excited to read it. From the first time I’ve picked it up, I could barely put it down. I feel as if I lived in that March write along with all those other characters.
 Beautifully written
 The author takes us by the hand and makes us love the natural world as much as she does. We should feel fortunate to have had the experience of reading this exceptional work.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book, and will look for other Delia Owens novels.
 Such a great book.  Didn't want it to end.  Now I look at swamp land and marshes differently.
 Loved this book! Great read!
 Amazing, a long and beautiful journey of our place within nature, ourselves, and others. Just stunning. Un-put-downable, though lingering on the beautiful language was a joy.
 Fantaatic book!  Loved the story line and fell in love with the characters. The “North Carolina accent” would bother me some- i didn’t feel it was accurate, but really enjoyed the book and would recommend!
 A great read. This was an interesting look at North Carolina in the mid 20th century.
 I enjoyed this book in both kindle and audible format. Perfect for weekend reading until your eyes are heavy then switching to audible
 It’s wonderful book!!!!
 This sweet story of how life is difficult at best, leaves the reader fulfilled, and a little surprised.
 Lovely novel with a nice combination of intrigue and passion.
 Love it
 This book is beautifully written with an incredibly compelling storyline.  I loved it start to finish.
 The best book I’ve read in quite a while! I didn’t want it to end and absolutely loved the characters.
 Beautifully written, unique plot line with the perfect twist.
 Wonderful read. The visuals were vivid, the characters interesting. I wish the author had written 200  more pages to develop characters like Jumpin' more fully.
 Loved this book!  Couldn’t put it down.  Great characters, felt like you were in the swamps with them.
 can't stop reading
 What a wonderful story. The ending will take your breath away. The author paints a beautiful picture. The setting and the characters will haunt me.
 I really enjoyed this book, it's different than what I'm used to. There were some unanswered questions I had, but still worth the read.
 It grabbed my attention from the very beginning to the very last word.  Beautifully written.  Enchanting, haunting, heartbreaking, magical all at the same time.
 This book sucked me in from the very first page. I couldn’t put it down, and I was absolutely emotionally invested in the characters. Highly recommend!
 Really good story, I could not put the book down.  I have already recommended to several friends
 Where the Crawdads Sing was a moving experience.  The prose transported me to another time and place.  The natural descriptions and character development were extraordinary.
 Where the Crawdads Sing was a beautifully written story of hardship but also that of love and complex relationships. This book was a roller coaster of emotions and will make you mad and sad and you will cry and smile! Amazing book!
 Very interesting book. Couldn’t put it down.
 Great story!  Could not put it down you should read it.
 Such a well written, fascinating story!  I could not put it down!  Owens' use of imagery was fantastic, I felt like I was there in the story smelling and seeing and feeling!  Highly recommend this one!
 Loved this book.  Couldn’t put it down.
 An excellent read.  I read through this book very quickly.  There were so many great reviews, and they were indeed correct.  Loved this very poignant debut novel.
 I loved this books. It moved along perfectly. They way that it was written was so wonderful and descriptive. I never wanted it to end.
 Couldn't put it down!  Excellent characters, story
 Loved the trip thru the swamp and small port town.
 The book is a good read.
 A cross between Wendal Barry's "Jayber Crow" and Barbara Kingsolver's book about the butterflies.  The story line moved so I wanted to keep reading but because her use of words mattered, I didn't want to rush.
 The story was engrossing and I enjoyed the interspersed dialect and local cultural details of the era. It was a quick, interesting read with a strong lead female character.
 Amazing.  Masterful writing.  Like nothing I've ever read before.  Upon finishing the book,  I immediately missed,  and continue to miss,  Kya.  Delia Owens in an incredibly gifted novelist and paints a layered, complex story I won't soon forget.
 This book will definitely go down as one of our book club favorites. The story of Mia aka The Marsh Girl is so shocking and inspiring and keeps you reading way past your bed time!!! Loved it so much!!
 Liked the story a lot disappointed at the ending
 Spectacular writing about nature. Vivid character development. Not a fifth star because I felt that the ending was contrived, and somewhat hastily.
 I love this book! Living among the marshes and swamps in Louisiana, it just felt like home and it spoke to my soul. The author did an amazing job describing characters, places and emotions. I hated for it to end. 5 stars!
 Excellent read. Sad, lovely, guessing until the end who committed the murder. A book where it is hard to leave the tapestry that the author wove.
 The whole time whilst reading this book, I pictured being made into a movie. I just loved the way the book seemed to come to life with every turn of the page.
 Loved this story. Emotional and wonderful; sorry when it ended!
 I thought it was slow in the beginning but boy did it pick up fast and kept the excitement until the last page.<br/>What a twist at the end, I didn't see that coming. Over all a very enjoyable book.
 Well written and always with love towards the environment.<br/>The author writes with power and authority.<br/>I found it a pleasure even when it was foreboding
 What a great book. I found myself engrossed with the story always wanting to know what was going to happen next and it kept me like that until the very last page.  I couldn’t put the book down
 From the first page you are drawn into a world apart. Life seen through a child exposed to violence and abandonment. She learns to survive by observing the minutiae of life in the marsh.  Beauty and brutality rolled into a masterpiece.
 You are amazing.  The depth, rhythm and flow of your prose led me to a beautiful place where nature and reality were a tightly woven living cocoon. A place I did not want to leave.  Can't wait for your second novel.
 A book about predudice, nature and love.  The kind of book I normally don’t read but now one I would highly recommend.  I look forward to read another one of her novels
 I have a penchant for books about the South. This one did not disappoint.
 I truly enjoyed the beauty of the writing.  I hope Owens fiction does for many more what Aldo Leopold and Thoreau did for me.
 Best book ever!
 Pace and timing of storylines are paired with description of people and surroundings like a good wine and cheese with a fire. Am enjoyable read.
 Would recommend it !
 Just when I thought I had it figured out, I didn’t. Loved every part of the story and wish it hadn’t ended. Loved it so much!!!
 This was an amazing book. I highly recommend it.
 Loved this book!  Took a bit to get into and then I couldn’t put it down!  One of my favorite reads in a very long time!
 Best book! I could not put it down😊recommend it highly. Hope she I'd already writing her next fiction book?! Fantasyic.
 A mystery with a great story of growth, perseverance, and love.  Ohhh how I so enjoyed this book.  Highly recommendable.
 Read this book for our monthly book club and I couldn't put it down.<br/>The story came to life through my imagination.
 Although I enjoyed reading this book immensely, there was one situation that I thought was out of character of the protagonist.  That was when she traveled on the bus to a nearby town. But overall it completely held my interest.
 Thought provoking.  Great depth of nature and intrigue.  Much time spent in choice of vocabulary. Good character development.  Author has depth.
 Wow! Where do I begin? I dont even know how i chose this book, but I'm so glad i did.  First time in a long Time I've felt so in tune with the characters.  Each day I couldn't wait to see what was in store for Kya
 It was a book that you hated to have end.
 This was an amazing book
 Very good . Holds your attention. Sad to think this can really happen.
 I absolutely loved this book. Some of the descriptions still haunt me.
 This book had everything, an intriguing story, beautiful writing and a surprise ending.  I have chosen it for my book club and I am looking forward to a great discussion with friends!
 Great read
 It is beautifully written and a fascinating story.  You have to read to the end and you will find it very hard to put the book down.  Enjoy !!!
 This was a "could hardly put the book down" kind of a read. One of the best books I've read since I got my Kindle. I highly recommend it!
 I chose this rating because this is the best book I've read in awhile.  It was so well written.  The author's description of the marsh and its moods and of Kaya's feelings and emotions were exquisite.  Just a really great read.
 I loved the way this story was woven together portraying bone chilling loneliness, human cruelty, human empathy, curiosity, love and even vengeance!  Very satisfying read.  I didn’t want it to end!
 Best book I've read in a long time
 Delia does an incredible job of bringing you into the marsh understanding the beauty and meaning of nature that helped Kyra survive the pain and hurt from being abandoned from her own family.
 The author did a beautiful job in making the characters real.
 Book club choice - Loved the author's prose in her unwinding of the tale.  Story line fascinating
 What a great read from start to finish. Character development is excellent and truly keeps the reader on edge. Wonderfully written
 Very good read. Keeps you suspended.  Love the ending
 Warning to readers: at one point when reading this book you will not be able to put it down. May interfere with<br/>family interactions during this time. You have to read this book to fully understand this pun.
 Eloquent and a great soothing book. I just loved it!  Simply a must read.  I hate that Amazon requires that you have a specified number of letters.  JUST STOP
 It was a very sad novel for me. The ending was just as sad as the rest of it.
 Great read. Unable to put this book down. Story was different than the usual murder mystery<br/>Characters were very well drawn.
 More twists and turns than the lane leading away from the shack. It makes me want to feed the seagulls, walk barefoot in the sand, and feel the heartbeat of the earth through the souls of my feet.
 Well written.
 Sensitive proximity to Nature in the style of Barbara Kingsolver. Wonderful underlay of subplots that keep one on the edge. I am singing its praises to all my friends.
 This novel really tugs at your heartstrings. So hard to believe how she was such a survivor with so much going against her.  I really enjoyed the diversity of the characters and how their lives came together. Excellent novel.
 Wow a must read!!! I literally read this book in two days and could barely put it down...only for a little sleep and cooking lol.... I definitely can’t wait to see it become a film....books like these are why I love to read❤️
 I loved this book! Delia Owens paints beautiful pictures with her words. I felt like I knew the characters, and I really thought the story she told and the characters who lived in that story fit the pictures she was painting.
 Worth every penny. This book is amazing in so many ways. I would recommend this to anyone. I have been a reader all my life and very few books have touched me the way this one did. Must read. I promise you will not regret it.
 I was getting upset in the beginning of what was happening, but couldn't put it down great surprise ending
 Amazing read. Page turner.
 Great easy read. Reading along I thought I had figured out how it would end and was totally wrong on The Who did it!  Would recommend to friends to read.
 A beautifully written, enduring love story about an abandoned child  raised by nature to emerge as a fiercely independent and educated girl of the marsh.
 I had a feeling I knew who done it but was wrong. I totally appreciate the back story and current situation. This is movie-worthy...Reese should definitely direct/produce this one!
 I loved the story, the poetic description, the author's knowledge of the swamp area, and the rather surprise ending.  I didn't really like the chapters going back and forth in years.  That was confusing to me.
 I loved the writing and the poetry and beauty of the marsh in which she grew up. An Exciting and intriguing love story and court room drama.
 Really enjoyed- so many twists and turns  highly recommend. Easy reading  and so interesting. Could not put down and then sad when I finished reading wanted more
 Great read.
 Wonderful story, I laughed , I cried andI couldn't put it down.  I'm sure it will be made into an award winning movie, it is my book choice for my book club in March.
 This book had me from the first page.  I read it in 2 days!!! I highly recommend you read this book.
 What an amazing story of abandonment and love set in one of nature’s wonders. I couldn’t put it down.
 Unbelievable story that touched my heart in so many ways. Can’t recommend it enough!!!
 A wonderfully written novel with sorrow, happiness and mystery all woven into a book that you can’t wait to finish.  However, once you read the last word, you wish there was more.
 This book pulls you in. You wonder where it's going at first, then you're totally intrigued and can't put it down. It had my undivided attention right to the very end.  Well done!
 Loved this book !! Her attention to detail made you feel like you were there in the marsh with Kyla .Surprise ending for sure .
 This book is so captivating and beautifully written. Finally a page turner that’s impossible to put down.<br/>One of the best books I’ve read in awhile.
 The best book I’ve read in a long time. It drew me into the story in such a way that I felt I was walking alongside Kya, the main character. I couldn’t wait to see what the conclusion was, but I didn’t want the book to end.
 It was so much a great read! Looking forward to the movie.
 I hope they make a movie out of this book!!
 This was a wonderful book! I enjoyed it very much. I hope Delia Owens writes lots more novels. I would read them all!!
 Good writing. Interesting characters, but implausible ending.
 Compelling story, beautifully written.  The best book I’ve read in a long time.  Emotional and achingly sad, your heart is involved from the first page to the last.
 Started to read and could not put it down.  Loved the writing style and the story from beginning to end.
 Created vivid imagery!  I could not put it down.  Found myself thinking of Kya and her actual life in the marsh....
 Loved this book, every word. Can only hope she is writing her next novel. Thank you Delia Owens❤️ Write On.
 Beautifully written book with well developed characters. It's hard to put this down once started.
 I loved this book!  The author was able to make me “feel” the way that the main character, Kya, felt. Excellent writing and plot.
 Main character was smarter than you could have imagined, highly recommend!
 This book was a great story...best book I have read in awhile. I loved it!
 Beautifully written, full of wonderful information about the natural life of the marsh, a main character you won’t forget with a full supporting cast, and an intriguing plot.  I hope she writes more fiction.
 Amazing book....could not put down
 Words cannot express how much I loved this book...the author takes you far into the marsh to hear the crawdads sing!
 Loved everything about this book. The resilience of “the marsh girl” is unmatched. And Tate understands her like no other. I was surprised by the end which made it that much more of a pleasure! I highly recommend this book
 Loved this book and detailed description of the marsh. Couldn’t put this book down.
 What a book! What a story! Masterfully told with exquisite language and imagery. To think this is the author’s first novel is mind blowing! Thank you for this book!
 The descriptions really brought the marsh to life. Heart wrenching emotions of her growing up and the pains of prejudice throughout her life really touched me. I was really moved by this book.
 Good read, keeps your interest throughout.
 The writing in this book is extraordinary!
 Haven’t read the book yet but they’re making me do a review before I read on my kindle. I’ll keep you guys posted.
 This book is beautifully written.  It is about resilience, nature, abandonment, love, and is even a murder mystery. I couldn't put it down.
 It's the best book that I have read in years and I read at least one book per week.
 This is true to life. We love, we hate, and we mourn. And everyone loves a good fight. This book hooked me with the first paragraph and didn't let me up for air until I read the last paragraph
 really like the story.  great book!
 Wonderfully written, engaging read!
 Beautifully written. The author’s metaphorical style brought nature to vivid life. The story itself is a testimony to the imperfection of human nature while simultaneously celebrating its ultimate strength.
 This book tugged at every corner of my heart.  It made me ache, cry and be immersed in such a beautiful world - I found myself never wanting to leave.
 Read right through this great little book.  Really enjoyed the story and the outdoor experiences.  Would recommend to anyone.
 I felt like I was there in the marsh with kya even found myself dreaming at night about this story.  I do recommend this book
 Loved every single word
 Book club read!  I was “hooked” after reading the first chapter.
 This is a captivating story which easily touches the heart. Couldn't put it down. Routing for the main character all the way.
 A beautifully written story that truly takes you to someplace different.
 Heart wrenching story. Beautifully written<br/><br/>Good commentary of exclusive behavior
 This book was so amazing!  I was instantly sucked into the story plot and binge read this book in two days.  Highly recommend.  This was one of my summer 2018 beach reads.
 I couldn't put it down.  It could have gone on forever.
 Wonderful book. I can’t believe the ending! A must read
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book<br/>!not only was it well written the beauty of her story telling was spell-binding.  It was a book you just had to finish as you were so  caught up in not only the characters but the swamp itself.  Well done!
 I really enjoyed this book. It’s an easy read that kept me captivated with each chapter. I read the whole second half in a few hours, I could not put it down. I am now sad that it has ended.
 I enjoyed this book. I recommend it to readers interested in ecology and biology. This book evokes so many feelings. It is worth a read.
 I loved this book. It had me in at the very beginning. Read it!
 the author handled loiness well but the end was weak and trite.
 Draws you in and transports you to the coastal marshes. The characters are vividly<br/>portrayed. A wonderfully woven tale.
 Very well written.  Story line gripping.
 Wow..just wow
 Well written account of an unusual life.  Poetry, love, mystery suspense and a surprise twist ending.
 What a wonderful read. It's amazing what one does to survive. I loved the closure of the book and hated it to end.  But, end it did gracefully.
 Loved this book!
 Phenomenal book.
 Really enjoyable
 Wow this is a great book with a surprise ending.
 Beautifully written and the character sticks with you.
 I purchased this book based on the reviews and being on Reece Witherspoon's book club.  It did not disappoint!  I looked forward to going to bed each night so I could get lost in its pages.
 The child's loneliness and courage in the face of abandonment and rejection is compelling. The woman she becomes is mythical. Her relationships with the wild things of the marsh and the few genuine people whom she loved heart rending.
 This is a wonderfully captivating book.
 A book to be read over and over. I loved it!
 This is a beautifully written story. The author creates images in your minds eye that will stay with you for awhile. It is a story about human nature and mother nature. A few surprises and no loose ends.
 Excellent read, gut wrenchingly emotional novel with a great story of life long survival and loss. A book that moves you from the opening to the end.
 The writing style of this author reminds me of To kill a mockingbird. It pulls you in, captures you and then takes you away in the wonderful world of The Marsh Girl. I haven’t read a book this good in a very long time!
 Entertaining, and a lovely read!
 Most descriptive writing that captures the soul of human existence in relation to each other, to the environment, and to one's self. An intimate encounter with life, love, good and bad and the acknowledgment of the strength of the human spirit.
 Love loved the book!
 My sister-in-law told me about this book and she has great recommendations.  I loved the characters, the language in describing the low country, and the mystery that runs through the book.
 I didn’t want it to end!  It was sad and sweet.  The writing was vivid, I could picture the shack and the Marsh perfectly.
 I loved the story, the descriptions of the N Carolina marshes and all that they entail  Great read!
 It kept my interest all the way through.
 A personal read, thinking I knew the killer, &amp; not finding out I was wrong until the few pages. Plus all the interesting detail about the Marsh land. All in all it was a wonderful; read &amp; can't wait for her next book.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was difficult to stop reading, and when I wasn't reading I found myself thinking about Kya and her adventures.
 Great read. I enjoyed this book very much.
 Best book I’ve read in a very long time.  Wonderful!
 Intriguing story........kept my interest throughout.
 This book is one of the best I’ve read in a long time. Beautifully written, it is a mix of mystery and love and heartache and family.
 A novel of marsh life, love and mystery.  My interest continued to the final words.  I would recommend this novel to all.
 I loved the story of survival and learned so much about the land and life in southern US
 An amazingly story, started a little slow and depressing, but well worth the read. The ending will shock you!
 This is an outstanding book.  Highly recommend to anyone who loves a good read
 This is not the type of books I usually read but I’m so glad I did! It was a great read!
 This book was amazing, right up until the very end.  I would read it again.  The author wraps you up in words, like a warm blanket on a cold day.
 I love the story of Kya! The descriptions of the marshes flora and fauna place you right there. I could almost smell the brackish water.<br/>Delia Owens needs to keep writing. I can't wait to read more!
 This is one of the most beautifully written books I have read.
 I loved every minute of this book. It had love, sadness, suspense and resilience. Can't wait to read Delia 's second book!
 Wonderful story of tenacity in a child abandoned in marshlands.
 So beautifully written, I felt I lived the story, too.<br/>Delia gives us a deeper appreciation of nature and nurture.
 Loved the incredible power of survival. Although unimaginable that a child could endure this, it was a spellbinding and believable story from the beginning. The nature and science were an added bonus!
 The most wonderful book i have read in a very long time.  Holds your interest from page 1.  Highly recommend
 This was an amazing and beautiful read!  Couldn’t wait to get back to it and loved every page.  The mixing of biology and mystery, beauty and murder, it was a page turner!
 An extraordinary story of a uniquely isolated girl and the community that both loved and shunned her. So beautifully written, visually stunning.
 One of the best books I’ve ever read! Cannot give it enough praise!
 Both the story and the setting are timeless. A glimpse into the rhythms of the marsh as well as the rhythms of growing up.
 I liked the fact that I was held captive in the suspense untill the end.<br/>Very good read for people fascinated by other people.
 I absolutely loved this book. I rarely read books a second time, but I’m already planning on reading it again.
 Quick read that really pulls you along and into the story.
 Intriguing book although the plot was somewhat improbable.
 Great read!
 The world of the Marsh Girl is tenderly and brilliantly woven for us. Her story unfolds and I was captured. You never quite put your finger on her, though you feel like you know her. I loved this book!
 Kept me engaged throughout the mystery. Intricate descriptions of the marsh. Sad story.<br/>Wished a little more postscript retelling what actually happened, although enough inferences were present.
 Best book that I have read in a long time.
 This book is beautifully written and haunting. The book stays with you long after it is done. I will experience nature at a deeper level thanks to Kya.
 Enjoyed every word . A lovely book written by a poet . I see a movie in the making , but I wonder if the beauty of the wetlands can be captured on film as beautifully as the author has captured it with words.
 You will forever remember Kya.  From her heart wrenching,  lonely childhood to surviving life's obstacles she fought to overcome. A lovely testament to the strength of the human spirit. Hope the movie version does it justice.
 Loved this book. Our group read it for book club and everyone enjoyed this story.
 Kya was abandoned by humans but her connection to nature gave her a companionship that was her lifeline. Her love for Tate was one for the ages and tender from the start.
 This book was captivating. Once started, it was hard to put it down.  As my reading time approached, I always look forward to another evening of reading a wonderful book.
 Absolutely beautiful.  Her prose sings and her descriptions transpors you to Kya’s world.  Brilliantly done with a twist no reader sees coming.
 Well written, descriptive, good characters
 I have read many wonderful novels but in my 67 years I can't remember another book that I literally could not put down. I read this book in two stints. The first was 6 hours and the second was 14 hours. Highly highly recommended!
 The description of the marsh and loneliness and love are poetic. The story captures you from the beginning to the very end. From the detailed description of feathers to insects and human nature, all of it was beautifully written!
 This was the most beautifully written book I’ve read this year. I loved it.
 This was a great read with an ending I did not see coming.  I did not want it to end!
 One of the best books I have read in 2018..I recommend it to everyone I know who loves to read.
 Her words and descriptions carry you along right with her all the way. A masterpiece...right up there with “ To Kill a Mockingbird.”
 Loved this book.  I never wanted to put it down but on the other hand I never wanted it to end.
 I laughed, I cried, I had goosebumps... this was a wonderful book. I would highly recommend it.
 Beautifully written, skilfully drawn characters, a compelling storyline, all in all just a wonderful book. The sort of book that you think about long after you've finished reading it.
 This book kept me going . Very good story  the writing was beautiful with perfect adjectives to describe the whereabouts and people and emotions. Well done
 Easy reading in a beautiful setting.  You could feel and taste the marsh. A great selection for book club discussion.
 About halfway through this and it is hard to out down.  The story is so well written, you feel like you are there main character.
 Loved this story and learning more about the wildlife living in that area.
 Great book
 Really really loved this book never expected the ending. Would definitely recommend this book.
 A good read
 This book is beautifully written.  It had surprises, mystery, love, loneliness and sheer grit.  Anyone would enjoy this magnificent book.
 This story was captivating and deeply moving.  I loved the strength and determination Catherine developed over time.  I could almost smell the marsh and hear the birds.
 Very disappointed in this book. Had high hopes with all of  the positive review's but, story line is long,drawn out and very mediocre-don't waste your money on this one
 The author was true to Kya and is able to let you realize her world as colorfully as Kya did. The every day beauty and wonder we fail and choose to miss. Read this book
 Loved the book but a little disappointed with the ending.
 Loved it!
 The first 1/3 of the book is a bit slow but it starts to move quickly after that.  Excellent choice for a book club.
 Loved the story.  Never like jumping around different timelines.
 Great read! I loved the story, the whole story!!<br/>I was fascinated by the way she described the Marsh, I felt like I was there, I love when you can get lost in a book, I definitely got lost in this story!
 I never recommend books for others to read because we all have such different tastes, but this one was way beyond wonderful and I have recommended it and others have thanked me for recommending it.  I loved it !
 Absolutely wonderful story and a beautiful impression of nature at it's best.  You GOTTA love this book.
 Loved this book.  The characters have stayed with me, long after I finished reading the book.
 Fabulous story beautifully told.
 A very gripping read - from the first page to the last.
 Very good read.  Alfred Hitchcock like.
 Very well written and enjoyable.
 Great book!  Very heartwarming, uplifting book as she overcomes many obstacles with several surprises along the way.  Interesting North Carolina marshes.
 Loved the book. It kept my interest and I didn’t want to put it down. The book had everything I look for in a book.
 This was my pic for book club. Could not put it down. It created great discussion.
 It was a wonderful story and so well written. I loved every minute of it
 Literally. Devoured the whole story in two evenings staying up way too late to see how it ends. Great story. Beautifully written. Allow yourself to get lost in the marsh with Kya for a few hours.
 I enjoyed reading this book and learning about Kya.  I felt so much pity for her and anger at the town, amazement and wonder at who she became and who she could have become, given the opportunity.
 Once I got into this book, I couldn’t put it down. I really enjoyed seeing how the two threads of the novel came together.
 Marvelous character development. One of the best books I’ve ever read! I can’t wait for her next novel.
 This book kept me interested all the way through. Learning how a child, left on her own so young, fights fiercely to survive, learn, love, and forgive, is remarkable.
 One of the best books i have read in a long time!! From beginning to end an amazing journey of courage and fortitude few would ever possess
 This novel invokes so many emotions, raw and real emotions, making this a story you don’t want to put down.
 Masterfully written.....I could feel the marsh and  her journey.  Loved every word.  The characters and  scenery come to life on each page.
 I almost never give a 5 star rating but this deserves it.  Read it in two days, couldn't put it down.  Read it.  You won't be disappointed.
 This is an excellent book. It has a slow start but once I continued<br/>Could not put it down. I especially liked the ending.
 One of the better books I have read all year.......  definitely kept your interest from the first page.... will read it again.
 Was anticipating a good read based on the marketing hype. Instead, I found sophomoric dialogue and plot as well as annoying overdone dialect. Would be better found in the “women’s” section with romance novels.
 Loved this e-book. One of my favorite novels.
 I loved this book. It was a pleasure to read.
 This will be one of the few books that I will remember for years to come.  It is the best!!
 Best read in a very long time.  Hope to find more books by this author.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time, absolutely loved it!!  Such depth, so much going on and none that I would have imagined.  Excellent  4 Star for sure.
 This book draws you in, makes you want to know more about the mysterious marsh girl, her life and how she survived. But it turns into much more as the story unfolds.
 I could not put this book down. It is very well written , an amazing story of survival
 A book written from the soul that connects us all. Yes. I was angry, I cried, I sympathized and I loved. I will read it again and maybe again. The Poetry was a great addition too!
 I was drawn into the story from the first sentence. It was a pleasure to read and I'm glad that I did.
 One of the most beautifully written and satisfying books I have read.  Multi-sensory with well drawn characters.
 It was a little hard to get into. But after about 3 chapters in I was hooked!<br/>There is all types of emotions in this book; love, hate, sadness, happiness and loneliness. Great novel and highly recommend it.
 This book is well written.  I couldn't put it down.  The climax was unsuspected.  An excellent read.
 Couldn't put it down.  Absolutely excellent. Keeps you engaged every page. I loved it. Can't wait for her next book!
 Beautiful story.  Amazing detail. Loved the heroine!
 This story kept my interest and I fell in love with the characters.
 I didn't want this book to end.  I fell in love with the characters.  I loved the twists and turns the plot took.
 I really enjoyed this book and appreciated how the author wrapped it up. I’m not sure if everyone will love the ending though.
 Poetic and beautiful. Amazing story, one of the best novels I’ve read in awhile! A must read ... can’t wait to read it again.
 I enjoyed reading this book immensely.  I have studied west coast salt marshes most of my life and this felt like going home.
 Great book. Highly recommend. Absolutely fantastic narration.
 Loved everything about this book. The setting, descriptions of nature, characters, plot twists. Impossible to put down. Highly recommend to anyone and everyone.
 Great book with vivid character descriptions
 Descriptions of nature and wildlife are vivid and moving. Speaks from the heart of emotional deprivation, isolation and familial abuse, as well as the healing balm of nature and love.
 I was taken by how engaging this story this was. The author has a natural art of captivating the reader in a story that does not have much action but is so rich in its descriptions of the simplicities of life and existence.
 One of the best books I have read in a long time.
 This is one of the best books I’ve read in a long time.  Highly recommend.  Will stay with you for a long time.  I don’t usually give reviews for books but I had to for this one.
 I wish there were more books by this author.  There was an unexpected ending.  Great book.
 Awesome book, page turner.  Didn’t want the story to end!
 The book grabs you and reels you in from page one and doesn't release you until the last! Now in my shirt list of favorites!
 I loved the book.  It kept my interest from start to finish.
 Loved the story! First book in a long time to sweep me away.
 wonderful story, enjoyed the bog references
 Enjoyed getting lost in this novel. The characters were strong and the writing kept me turning the pages . I would recommend
 I loved every word of this book!! I lived it as I read!!! Thank you!!
 Beautiful from beginning to end.  This is a must read.  The author develops warm, inviting characters and you will feel like you are exploring the marsh with them.
 Fabulous story.
 Read this book in one sitting, could not put it down!  Kept my attention and was so fresh!  A very unique read.
 This was one of those books that you keep reading, because you want to see what happens next. Many times I was tempted to skip to the end to see how Kya turns out. But I resisted, and it was worth the wait.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time!  Beautifully written with a beautiful story. Would be great for book c!ubs.
 I chose this book for a small club I'm in. I could NOT put this book down!  I haven't had a book keep me up at night in years. I highly recommend it.
 Tears at your heart, beautifully written, vivid descriptions, highly reccomend
 I loved this book!  Couldn’t put it down!!
 Was a little hard to get into at first, but definitely has become one of my favorites reads this year. The ending is so creatively and beautifully done. Well worth reading! Probably my favorite Reese's Book Club pick this year.
 Bravi!  Fabulous story. Smashing great reader. Breathtaking conclusion.  This is my new favorite Audible book. Do yourself a favor. Get a cup of coffee and start to listen.<br/>You’re welcome!
 A beautiful story about Life, Love, Loss, Courage, “Where the Crawdads Sing” will touch heart and soul from the first page to the last.
 This is a book about aloneness:  the depth of this emotion, which everyone experiences at their core, from which forms their substance.
 This is the first time a book has brought me close to tears in quite some time.  I highly recommend
 Loved the book
 Our Book Club choice for February.  A beautifully written book that kept me spellbound from beginning to the very last page.  It is a story about an amazing woman and her journey that I didn’t want to end.
 Great story loved it
 Excellent book, I am reading it all over agin. I have already recommended it to my daughter and  several of my friends.Kia
 Great writing and great story!!
 Beautifully written story.  Captivating mystery &amp; love story, with vivid descriptions of a Carolina costal area.  Characters as relevant now as in the novels time frame.  Kept me guessing until the end, hard to put down.
 So many life lessons in this one story. Kept me captured, reading at all times of day and night until finished. The story flowed and filled my mind with pictures and thoughts.
 A beautifully written novel that masterfully mixes an intriguing plot with a character's umbelievable story. A reader cannot help admiring the main character and her reactions to circumstances. A perfect read to get lost in.
 Great book, finished it in a day!
 Romance/mystery, modern harlequin romance. Not my thing, lots of stereotypes and silly love scenes but decent escapist read, especially at the gym.
 Wow!  An amazing book.  Loved the author’s writing.  I hope this author writes more books soon!
 Loved it.  Twists, turns, tears and joy.
 This is a compelling story that will stay with me for a long time!
 This is one of the most beautiful and poignant novels I have ever read. Having grown up in the deep south, I easily connected with the characters.. A must read!
 Probably one of the best books that I have ever read and I am an avid reader
 An absolute must read! You will not want to put it down, and will want to keep reading!! Pulls on your heart strings, but puts fire in your soul; leaving you complete!!!!!!!!
 Really enjoyed this book!
 I don't remember ever reading a better book than this. I can hardly wait for her next endeavor. I will recommend this wonderful novel to everyone.
 what a wonderfully intriguing story of The Marsh girl. Don’t underestimate Kya. Brings out every emotion: sadness, joy,<br/>longing, and surprise
 The text describing the marsh is poetic.  The story is captivating with well developed, believable characters.  I will recommend it to my friends.
 LOOOOVED this book! I really FELT Kya’s loneliness, pain and love. I haven’t been able to say that about a character in a long time. Highly recommend!
 Very well written. Bittersweet. Well developed characters and the setting was so easy to imagine. Really good and easy read.
 I never wanted to put the book down.  Very easy to read.
 The story grabs you right from the beginning!  Beautifully written. It's clear the author is quite knowledgeable about the subject matter ...learned a lot!  Loved this book!
 I loved the compassionate portrayal of a young girl left alone to grow into a young woman alone.
 Great story, nice character development and a nice scenic escape along the North Carolina coast.
 Quality of the writing and the surprise ending.
 Hard to put down once you start reading.  An interesting study of<br/><br/>  an unusual community I didn't know existed. You'll be glad you opened the cover.
 Great original story.  Beautifully written story that takes place in the south.  Great details about the nature and characters.  Hope she writes another novel.
 First book I loved in a long time...I reads a lot of books!!! BAM
 Loved this author and her writing. Definitely keep me interested and wanting more! Can't wait to read more from Ms.Owens...thank uou
 One of the best boos that I read recently, did not want to put it down until I had completed it.
 I felt like I knew the characters in this book because of the way the author fleshed them out so well!<br/>EXCELLENT READ FROM BEGINNING TO END!
 Very beautifully written.  Sucks you in from the first page till the very last. I loved that the extra details weren't overwhelming. They added just the right amount of information to fill in the story.
 Reads smoothly.  Writing is often like poetry.  Enviromental desccriptions great.  Plot good.  Characters good.  A pleasure to read.
 at firs t I thought that this was a "chick book"-not for a male chauvinist pig. but as I<br/>go into it i discovered a good mystery
 If you are a nature lover, please read this book!  What a delightful first novel, I didn't want it to end.
 different, which I liked
 Excellent, page turner. Some lovely descriptions. Thought I figured out ending. Then wasn’t sure and was surprised at the end. It was what I suspected initially. Recommend it to all my friends and strangers in stores.
 I loved the resilience of Kya in this story and her interactions with nature. An interesting read from start to finish.
 One of the best reads of the year. I was caught up in the first paragraph and was in a thrall for the rest of the book.
 Great story
 Loved the book. Of course I live in NC and have a place at the beach ..But it was very interesting. The ending surprised me.
 This is a great read! It was my book club selection and we all enjoyed it!
 This is an engaging story that captured my attention and my heart quickly.
 Easy to read, twists &amp; turns &amp; a great ending!!! Loved the book!
 I loved this book from start to finish. It was a real page-turner for me. Beautifully written with twists along the way.  I finished it the day I started, it was that good!
 It was a great story had me from the beginning
 This book was very good as far as it was historical and a great story about a young girl and her adventures and hardships. I would highly recommend this book.
 The author’s style kept me reading without being able to put the book down. Totally engaged in the life of a girl that is so different than the lives of others. Recommended to mystery and story lovers.
 Such a great read!! You really feel for the main character throughout the whole story and want to cheer her on the whole way. So many unexpected twists and turns. Read this in my book club and it was a hit among all!
 I loved the way this book was written.  It held me from the first words to the last. So rich in character, language, and imagination I can't wait  to read everything Delia Owens writes.
 I enjoyed this novel, the character development as well as the descriptions of the setting in the NC marshland.
 Great book
 Great book !  Really enjoyed it. Well written.
 Kept me interested
 Loved, loved, loved this book; read it in one sitting!
 I fell in love with the plucky heroine of this novel. Loneliness made palpable, intelligence left to develop on its own, she is what makes this book 4 stars.
 There was a lot that was not believable for me and the nature descriptions were too long, but I enjoyed some of the characters and the way the ending wrapped up the story.
 Wonderfully written story. When I read a book like this it's hard to move on to the next book.
 Enjoyed this book very much.  Surprise ending was great!
 Great word visuals that brought the setting to life. Character development was integrating and forward/flashback use keeps the reader involved wondering what happens next.
 This book was chosen by our neighborhood book club.  It was not only educational, but the author did that while telling a great story.  It kept my interest the whole time.
 Just a wonderful book!
 Hard to put down and easy to pick back up when I did have to put it down!! A story that is hard to fathom,but so fascinating. Ms. Owens should write another soon....I will be waiting. Thank you for warming my heart.
 one of the best books I’ve read in a really long time. I could easily see this becoming a big screen movie, the scenery just plays out in your minds eye like you are there throughout the entire story.
 This book will be remembered.  Savor it.  You will want to read it quickly but don’t.  Go slow. Worth it!
 This gripping tale of survival will keep you up until you've turned the final page.
 Beautifully written story, of strength and the will to survive. Under solitary conditions in a swamp filled world, of creatures as friends.
 Wonderful read  Joy and pain and abandonment rarely expressed better. Loved the book and it's characters. We can live with loss and still live with dignity.
 This is one of the best books I have read in years.  The character development, setting, theme and plot are extraordinary.  Where The Crawdads Sing is a book with a soul!
 The best book ever! Laughed and cried. Felt like I was there!
 Like this book very much. Easy read.
 The story Captivated me - it was a great story!!!! Well written and I loved the character development! I recommend it
 An amazingly well written emotionly filled sstory that tackles such topics as prejudice, surviival and love.  Five star for sure.
 This book is a good read. The main character, Kya, was resilent, strong and you felt for her. I thought the ending was a bit of a surprise. Enjoyable book.
 This story was beautifully written. I felt like I was there in the marsh with Kya. I loved the characters. I loved the ending. One of the best books I’ve read this year.
 Wonderful, different story!  Also, you lean about the barrier islands and the wildlife there. A great read. Don’t miss this one.
 I fell in love with the characters in this book. I want to hug the swamp girl and Jump'n and Mabel and Tate and Jodie. Well done. Great read!
 Amazing book! Couldn’t put it down!
 This book defines the phrase “books take you places.” The story line has something for everybody but the language transforms your living room into the North Carolina marsh. Exceptional! A must read!
 Very well written. I loved the story, the characters and the ending!
 It was thrilling, I could not put it down! I related to her loneliness ion the book, and marveled at her braveness.
 I loved this book.<br/>It is a great example of The result of prejudice and discrimination.
 This book left me speechless and wanting to come back and read it a second time. Amazing fiction story.
 Must read. This book is so beautifully written. My only fear is they’ll ruin it by trying to make it a movie. It’s my top read so far this year. Easy A+++
 This book was full of everything I like in a good book: romance, history, suspense, and surprises! Anyone who loves any of these things will thoroughly enjoy this book!
 I couldn't love this book more. It kept me intrigued from start to finish and I couldn't put it down. It definitely sits near the top of my favorite list!
 When someone asks "what was the best book you have ever read", this qualifies as an answer.
 I loved this beautifully written book. It is one of those books that you don't want to end!
 This story kept my attention from start to finish. I could not wait to have time to read the next chapter. Beautifully written and rich with emotion that takes you intimately inside each character.
 A wonderful novel taking place in the swamp lands of the Carolinas.  The author kept me guessing as to who did the crime until near the end.
 Read the book for our Book Club and it was thoroughly enjoyed by all of us. Definitely recommend it!!!
 I could not put this book down. I read it in 3 days. Highly recommend
 I read this book in just about two days... didn’t want to put it down! The storyline was entertaining and kept you wanting to read chapter after chapter.
 Good book
 A page turner for all the right reasons. It is well written;growing up in the Midwest I have minimal understanding of<br/>Louisiana marsh life-so educational; and characters to fall in love with.
 Wonderful book.  Highly recommend
 I couldn’t put this book down. The story is so compelling. The descriptions are poetic. I could almost smell the marsh.
 Amazing writing, compelling story and remarkable knowledge of birds and their habitat. One of the best books of the year.
 I loved this book, beginning to end. Hated when it was over and cannot wait for the movie.
 Great story, could not put it down. Adding this one to my favorite shelf.
 Beautifully written...evocative, sensitive, poetic...well-crafted tale that captures the flavors and rhythms of coastal South.
 One of the nest books I have read this year.
 Couldn’t put this down. Beautiful with underlying mystery. This one has it all. I don’t recommend starting this unless you have a free day to finish it.
 I purchased this based on reviews. After finishing the book, I am still thinking about the characters, especially Kya.  Moving and never a dull chapter.  A MUST READ!
 One of the best books I've read in a while. Don't wait--read it now!
 Coming of age story. I much preferred it to the book Educated. Kya was resourceful and sometimes had hard times, but her story had a much more plausible happy ending.
 Great book from start to finish!
 A  beautifully written novel!!  The descriptions of nature are breathing and the novel keeps you in suspense from the first to last page while learning so much about marshes of NC.
 Great story. Couldn't put the book down!
 The writing was excellent and so was the storyline. I also liked learning sone interesting facts about some of the critters living in the swamps.terrific
 Good book. Kept me guessing til the end.
 OUR BOOK CLUB PICKED THIS ONE AND WE ALL LOVED IT AND COULD NOT PUT DOWN WHEN WE STARTED  IT . ONE OF BEST BOOKS
 I'm an avid reader and this book was the best one I've read in months. I felt the emotions of loss and wanting in this book so deeply. It was a timely, unique piece that I truly enjoyed.
 Beautifully written and hard to put down.  I can hardly wait until she writes another one.  Book clubs everywhere will enjoy discussing the great book.
 I love how the author describes the girl and her surroundings.  The whole time reading this book I could picture the surroundings perfectly.  I throughly enjoyed this book right from the get go.
 Great book
 This was a page turner.  It was beautifully written with a lot of suspense.  A big twist at the end.  Completely enjoyed it.
 As a biology teacher, loved the book.  The descriptions of nature were poetry.  The book had a rhythm of nature and the sea.
 One of the best books I have read and easy to read a 2nd time through.  Look forward to good book club discussion this week.
 This is a wonderful book.The characters are very believable, the plot is crafted very well and this resulted in book I read very quickly.
 I really loved this book. It shows how a young girl survives on her own mixed with romance and a murder mystery. It was hard to put down!
 Great story &amp; it doesn't end until the surprising last chapter. Well written!
 Great book! I recommend it to everyone!
 Couldn't put this book down. Read it in one weekend. Kia and Tate, Jumpin and Mable, forever in my heart!
 Loved this book. It was A very moving story. A book I wept over and did not want to end.
 As a small girl my daydreams were so similar to this story. I loved my daydreams coming to life in this book.
 I was enchanted with the writing from beginning to end.
 A beautiful story with a connection to nature.  Special to me as . I live in the low country of NC.
 I will be so tired today , but this book kept me reading all night!  So worth it!!  Loved every twist and turn.
 Amazing visually descriptive novel that would make a fabulous movie or short series. Scenes of the "marsh" could be breathtaking. Hope someone films it. Can't wait.
 I loved the book...I have recommended it to many friends. You will Weep and Smile and your heart will hurt for the lead character. Kya is a survivor !
 An excellent read that you just can't put down.
 Beautifully written about a place unknown to me
 Good read
 I enjoyed every word of this book. It was a compelling mystery with a likeable heroine. The scenery descriptions were pure magic. Highly recommend.
 This book is such a great read! The story of Kya is one that totally captures your heart! I literally couldn’t put it down!
 One of the best stories I’ve ever read. Each sentence drew me into the marsh and painted a picture in poetic style. I truly enjoyed every character as well as every page.
 I know it’s fiction cause there ain’t no way this could happen in real life.
 I couldn’t put this beautifully written book down. The author is able to conjure up vivid descriptions of the natural world
 Great book. Thoroughly enjoyed
 My girlfriend loves to read! I thought this sounded good and she says it may be the best book she’s ever read!
 Beautifully written. Made me feel as if I was there in the marsh with Kya and Tate. It is 1:30 in the morning and I should be asleep but I couldn’t put it down. Great read.
 Towards the end, I finally convinced myself that the perpetrator met the obvious fate, but was shocked and pleased at the ending; justice prevails! Beautiful story
 Amazing story!  I would highly recommend.  Full of detail and descriptions of beautiful surroundings. Draws you in and you don’t want to put it down.
 I haven't enjoyed a novel this much in years...so beautifully written...I am left sad the story's over and look forward to Ms. Owens next novel!
 I loved this book! The author wove the story in a manner that made me want to keep reading.
 although I surmised the ending, still was a great read. Enjoyed the setting, since I have spent much time in the area.
 Mesmerizing story!  This novel is so beautifully written and I couldn’t put it down. It is definitely one of my top ten favorite books.
 I enjoyed this book. Could not put it down had to see what happened. Would recommend to fellow readers, drfin
 This is on my list of best 10 books.  Have recommended it to my friends who are all avid readers like myself.
 I truly enjoyed reading this book. Beautifully written and kept me captivated. Worth the time to read for sure! 5 stars all the way.
 This was a book that I couldn't put down. It is a blend between To Call A Mockingbird and Fried Green Tomatoes.  The writing was elegant. It made you think and it really made me want to explore some marshes
 I loved this beautifully written story. It has a calming affect.
 I enjoyed this tale of Kya. Beautifully written and very descriptive of the marshlands.
 Great book.  Well written, makes you eonder what each of us might have become if we had no one to love us and support us.
 The book started much better than it finished.
 I absolutely loved the book. I haven't been successful with reading any books through the end this year, but this book got me hooked and fall in love with reading once again. This book is an art!!
 Great book; very well written; characters fully developed.  Grabs you from the beginning; can’t put it down.
 This is beautifully written with rich characters. The smells,sounds and beauty of the marsh will stay with you for a long time.
 Beautifully told and descriptions of the marsh.  Moving language and engaging story.  Emotional tale of loneliness, hurt, romance and freedom.  Highly recommend!
 This book takes about 100 pages to get into, keep pushing forward. Your heart will swell, the lump in your throat will appear. The plot twist will make you smile bigger than you have before.
 Brilliant story line and characters loved it
 You won't put this book down. I fell in love with the marsh girl. The simple beauty and harsh reality of loneliness, betrayal, and fierce independence take the reader on an unexpected journey.
 Very well written.  I could feel the atmosphere and smell the odors.  A number of gripping parts to keep you interested.
 Oh how I loved this book!  The characters were both so unique yet believable and the story offered interesting twists that kept my interest.
 Amazing first novel!!! Endings rarely live up to my expectations... not here!!! Read this book.
 I couldn't put it down.  The descriptions of the marsh, the birds, the weather was such an important part of the story that it felt like I was there.  Loved it.
 Great read! For me it was a little bit of a slow start the first couple chapters, but then I couldn’t stop reading it once it took off. Read it through to the end and could not put it down!
 This was such a great book. Its the kind you would go back and read again .... with more feeling.
 This book is now one of my favorites! It is such an inspiring story about a girl who succeeds against all odds. And it reminds the reader to never forget the beauty and importance of nature in this world.
 Lovely story, engrossing,endearing. This books stirs thoughts about the old South, loneliness, self-reliance and how society reacts to those whose circumstances are different from the norm.
 I just loved this book. It was wonderful!!!
 Unbelievable first novel. I couldn't finish it fast enough yet was sad it was over. I would highly recommend this book!
 The main character was believable and unforgettable. The story kept my attention and interest as I fell in love with the characters.
 Really enjoyed the descriptions of the marsh and the story, I would highly recommend this book. I love the parallels she makes between animals and humans, very interesting and fun read.
 Well written.  Good development of characters. Unexpected ending worked.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Thought I figured it out.  Was wrong.  Great read.
 Beautifully written story.
 I loved the style of writing. the details and the very intriguing story.
 Not at all a hard to read book. The farther I got into it the more I didn't want to put it down. I could see it being made into a movie someday. I'd go see it.
 Excellent, emotional story which is superbly written.  Set in a time which is so vastly different to ours.
 This was mysterious and beautiful.  The writing makes it easy to slip into the swamp.  It's a page-turner!
 fits well, looks good
 I read the book for my book group. Loved the descriptions of where it took place and felt the author did a wonderful job of "painting"  the different characters - I could see them vividly.
 I absolutely loved this book and couldn’t put it down. A wonderful story, beautifully written.
 I liked it.
 Great read.
 Fantastic Read, can't wait for the motion picture! This book touched my heart and made me cry like 10 different times.
 Needed more pages. Didn’t want to end. So beautiful knowing thee life of a lonely girl near water and all it’s beauty.
 The descriptions of nature were amazing.  It gave you understanding on Kya's education in life and how she perceived relationships.
 Amazing story. Beautifully written.  Couldn't put it down but didn't want it to end.  I highly recommend this book. Thank you Delia Owens.
 An incredible story of abandonment, poverty, discrimination, love, race, survival on top of a murder mystery. Inspiring rad and tight character development. Did not want this book to end.
 Great story telling.  Be prepared to cry.
 This book grabs you from page one. It isn’t over until it’s over. I really think the author developed the characters.
 Highly recommended to me and I was not disappointed. Very good read  Kaya was a survivor in spite of an absent family
 I could not put this book down once I started reading it.  I highly recommend it!
 This was a great novel and I enjoyed it very much. I like to spend time in the marshes in South Carolina and this book brings back the memories of canoeing and kayaking with my children.
 The book had words from pages cut off!<br/>the covers of the book was very flimsy.<br/>the back page as completely wrinkled<br/>some pages had misaligned type like it went through the copier crooked
 I gave this four stars because even though I was enthralled with the story and the characters , for me personally I was disturbed by the ending
 This is one of the best books I have ever read, I have recommended it to many of my friends.
 I loved this book for the interesting compelling story and the delightful descriptive prose.
 Descriptive and exciting
 Couldn’t seem to put this book down.  Sometimes I felt it was a little predictable but in the end it didn’t matter.  It was well written and the descriptive passages took me deep into the swamp
 A very good read. Loved the addition of the poetry.
 Wonderful book!  I highly recommend it.
 This book grabs you from the first page &amp; holds you till the last. Don't miss out on this on this very unique novel!
 Interesting story about a young girl who grows up on her own in the Southeastern tidal swamps.  Well worth the read.
 Beautiful, poignant, sad, hopeful - an incredible story of losing and finding love; of the beauty and pain of the world around us.
 This is a wonderful book and is now on my list of favorites.  It is well written, with many descriptions of nature and human interactions.  I am highly recommending this book to all of my book-loving friends.  Judy F.
 Having found “Cry the Kalahari” a compelling read I was intrigued to read her first novel. It is superbly written and quite unique. I could not put it down!
 This was a timeless classic with every element of a great story. Love, loss, adventure, and growth. The authors easily flows between Time periods connecting all the dots. Inspires a range of emotions.
 This book was made from sweat blood and ink. You can tell that ones heart was poured into this book. And I respect that. This book is not fantasy but the damn truth. A hard lifes truth.
 Loved this book! Read for our book club!
 I loved this well written book!  The novel weaves a mysterious and beautiful story that kept me riveted page after page, and when it ended I wanted more!
 Undoubtedly one of the more captivating stories I’ve read in years.  Sincere, vivid and real, truly a page turner til the very end!  Loved it!
 Loved the story and the development of the characters. It immediately draws you in and is the perfect length to read over 2-5 days if desired.
 This book was very interesting and unusual. Heartfelt, sweet but sad also. It shows what can be to to overcome adversity if u put your mind to it.
 Not only was the language in this story beautiful, but it provided a moving account of overcoming abandonment. As a biologist, I felt very connected to Kya and loved the appreciation of nature that this book inspires.
 wonderful story
 Full of life in the marsh So poignant and moving. Laughed a cried with Kya and difficult iLife. Kay at the least had some supporters during her time of trying to grow up.
 Kia was so intriguing.  I could hardly wait to turn the page to see what was happening in her cruel, lonely; yet awesome world!
 I couldn't put the book down it was so good.  I highly recommend it!
 A wonderfully told story covering personal tragedy, perseverance, and a love of beautifully described nature with elements of intrigue, love, and mystery.  One of the best of the year in our opinion.
 I recommend this book highly!
 The author's descriptions of all things natural were stunningly beautiful.
 Wonderful book
 One of the best books I’ve read, beautifully written and well researched. Loved the characters and living vicariously in the marsh landscape.
 Wonderful story, well written, pages move quickly, kept my interest.
 Delia Owens writing was so well done. The story line and descriptions completely take you into the story. That was a good read.
 I loved this book and didn’t want it to end. It is a book I won’t forget.
 I read this book for pleasure.  I loved it all.
 I haven’t read a book this good in years. I’m only disappointed that she hasn’t written more novels. Seriously an amazing book.
 Sort of a beautifully written combination of To Kill a Mocking Bird, A Sand County Almanac and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
 Amazing story so well written
 Owens's first novel is well written. Delia Owens uses imagery to bring the reader in. The plot is gripping and the characters are well developed. I recommend this book!
 Warm story of a young girl trying to make it on her own.
 I could not stop reading this book. Read it cover to cover in one sitting. I hope the author will pursue writing more fiction!
 I hope to read it gain--it is so good
 This beautiful book is rich with the sights and sounds of the swamp. You are immersed in the heat and humidity and can even smell the musty marsh odors. A breathtaking story. Brava.
 Great book...loved the characters....held my interest right from the get go!
 Excellent and well written novel with a surprise ending.
 This book was so, so good. Relevant even now. It’s one of those that will stay with me and I will think of often. Do yourself a favor and read this book.
 Beautifully written book. Nature takes the lead role. Characters are deep and stay with you for ages.<br/>Spine chilling twist at the end.
 Good reading to get lost in.
 Amazing read ! I had to keep reading and just couldn’t stop. Quite a twister at the end of the book!
 This beautifully written book has it all: science, poetry and an incredibly suspenseful mystery with shocking revelations til the very end.
 Good writing
 Wonderful read
 This is one of the best books I’ve read in a long time.
 Will recommend to every person I know...with extreme confidence that they will be greatly rewarded for their time and effort.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is a marvel where our lonlieness meets nature's calm. A beautifully painful read through and through.
 Possibly the best book I have read.<br/>A love story. A tragedy. An epic.<br/>Absolutely wonderful.<br/>Thank you Ms Owens
 I was reminded that no matter what you come from, it's your choice to change your destiny!  That's what Kya did.
 Well written with a “twisty/turny” storyline.
 brilliantly written and great story
 Excellent book. Interesting and moves quickly once you get through the first couple of chapters. Author surprises you and also pulls it together nicely.
 Thrilling and heart wrenching, this book was one I couldn’t put down! Highly recommend for anyone who loves science, a good book, or both.
 Once I started reading this book, I could not put it down. Written<br/>so well with great story, and very descriptive marsh setting. I would highly recommend this captivating book.
 I liked the book a lot kept you guessing and had a very good life lesson twist as well.
 I didn’t want the story to end but when it did, it really was the perfect ending. Great first novel
 Loved this book. It is beautifully written and transported me to other places and times.  The book is a study  in human nature, prejudice, survival and triumph.
 Beautifully written, poetic and sad. A testimony to survival against all odds and a lesson for all of us<br/>Worth the read
 Didn’t expect it to end as it did, but glad I read it.
 I really liked the story, good characters, and easy to read in one sitting.
 Absolutely phenomenal book that I was unable to put down. The character development and rich details of the Carolina coast made the pages come to life. I cannot recomend this book enough. 5 stars
 Excellent book.  Reminded me of Pat Conroys writings.  I keep recommending to everyone.
 Great book!
 My book club choice and we really enjoyed it
 Loved the character development, descriptive writing that makes you feel as if you life in the NC coastal town, and of course the mystery of the story.
 Beautifully written, great descriptive language, and makes a reader aware of the pain of loneliness and the blessings that can come through time alone.
 Love the story, the characters and the writing.<br/>Didn’t want it to end!
 It was a most interesting book from the area I grew up in.  I cannot understand parents leaving a<br/>child and letting her raise herself  which she did very well.  I couldn't put the book down.
 Loved the way the story made you hope for a better life for Kya.  Full of honest emotion and hope against the odds. Recommended for sure.
 Good ecological knowledge.
 Great story, memorable characters, beautifully written!
 I truly enjoyed  this book
 Read this in one day! Great easy and quick read. Twists and nuances that left me wanting to read more of her works.
 Great writing. Great story. Totally kept me engaged and learned much about the swamp land in Louisiana. Highly recommend it
 Beautifully written, well drawn characters, suspense and mystery developed, lovely picture of a time and place
 Highly recommend this novel..Mesmerizing .descriptions of marsh life and it's inhabitants..  Mystery twists and turns until the final page..wonderfully written...Southern writing at its finest..
 Excellent read. The authors ability to bring you into the life of Kya and her connection to nature and humankind was truly amazing. Highly recommended for those interested in a life lived on the edge.
 I’m always reading something so when my daughter recommended this book I down loaded it and dived in . It’s one of the best books I’ve read in a couple of years . Very enjoyable .
 Keeps you up alla nigh!! Story that keeps you guessing throughout. Makes you hungry for wild life and alone time.great read
 Great book,  good discussion for book club.
 Beautify written. Totally engrossing story.
 Fabulous plot with an unpredictable ending.
 The symbolism, imagery, and beauty of this novel leaves me breathless. What a journey “Where the Crawdads Sing” takes a reader - absolutely beautiful.
 The language  and phrasing  in this novel are as steeped in nature as Kya and the marsh. Beautiful work. Words are inadequate to describe this reading experience. Bravo Delia Owens!!! Thank you.
 Enjoyed this book
 This book grabbed me and I could not wait to see how the story was going to unfold and end.  Author evokes feelings through her writing.
 This was a great read.  Totally different yet familiar. My kind of book.  Read it straight through.  Learned a lot about South Carolina!
 The beginning is slow, but it is a riveting story once you get into it.  Shocked by the ending, but enjoyed this book far more than I thought I would.
 I don’t want to do a review. I just want off the page. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Blah. Thanks
 A page turner full of rich description of a lonely life of an abandoned girl living in the marshlands of NC
 Very much enjoyed
 This was a beautifully written book. I enjoyed all the characters, especially Kya. I didn't want to put it down. I highly recommend this book!
 The description of the marsh and its environment with all the critters that live there is awesome.  Delia Owens has become one of my favorite authors.  The end of the story was very moving and a big surprise.
 Fabulous!
 Could not put this book down.  Great plot that kept me interested!  I finished it in one night.  Read it now.
 I thought the first 3rd of the book was interesting but then it became a romance novel with an unusual location.  The author did do a good job of making me feel the environment which I enjoyed.
 Beautifully written and captured my full attention.  Couldn't put it down.  It<br/>Wasn't a suspense, or on the edge of your seat read, but rather just a book to lose yourself in and feel something.
 A beautifully told story!  The marsh came alive through the authors’s words. Kya’s story made me both happy and extremely sad. Tears flowed many times...  I couldn’t put it down.
 This story is beautiful. The details took me right there to Kya's marsh. I couldn't put it down. I wasn't a bit surprised when tears welled in my eyes several times while I read.
 I really loved this novel. The characters are memorable. The story line is heart rending but also inspiring.  I’m glad to have discovered the Author.
 This book was excellent!! I couldn’t put it down!! Now, I’m missing the book and want to read it again!! Highly recommend!!
 Wonderful story line that kept you glued to the book.  Also the descriptions of the swamp and all it's living things made you almost able to visualize them and her love for them.
 A quiet journey through a young girl’s near impossible life situation.  Shows the necessity of human connection even when that connection is damaging
 Great book! Fastest I've ever read a book.
 A marvelous read from beginning to end. I enjoyed every minute and was rather sad when it ended. Everyone will enjoy this
 What a beautiful story. Few books bring me to tears,  but this one did. Could not put it down.  Exceptional!
 Enjoyed this novel very much.  The strength of the heroine is simply amazingly; this book is a page turner..
 Loved everything about this very well written book!
 This story was a bit different from most novels, which was one reason it was so good.  Once you start reading you can forget about your schedule because you will be so absorbed.
 Yea. Something differenrt. Nice.
 Enjoyed the book. It did take awhile to explain the singing of crawdads.
 great storyline
 This book deserves the hype.  One becomes torn between not wanting to put it down and not wanting it to end.
 I liked the end twist totally unexpected,and the survival skills at such young age were amazing
 Could not put it down.  Loved the ending.
 This story encompasses a range of topics that a thoughtful and insightful reader will appreciate, and can shift your perspective, even if ever so slightly.
 Beautifully written story of nature, love and life. Very moving. Very literally visual. A novel to savor and read again.
 I absolutely loved this book! It was a fantastic read and beautifully written story. I’ve told all my friends about it!!
 This is the best book I’ve read in years! Buy it!!!! How is this her first novel!?!?!? Spectacular from start to finish!
 Fantastic development of all characters in the book over a period of time -- so descriptive and fulfilling!
 A gripping, beautifully written book about survival, prejudice toward those who are different, the strength of the human spirit, and a surprise ending. I couldn’t put it down..
 Captivating story of the life of a young girl who steals our heart and teaches us so much about nature, the forgotten and the abused.
 Story of a resilient lady.
 I have shared and recommended this book.
 This book is well written, surprising and a compelling story
 Excellent book!  Well written.
 This was a really good book. The plot and characters were very well developed. The authors descriptions of the marsh and the birds were wonderful.
 Enjoyed character development, visualization presented and story overall.
 This book held my interest from beginning to end.  Written so beautifully.  Highly recommend it, you will not be able to put it dow.
 couldn't put it down!
 The best book I have read for awhile. Keeps you intrigued and rooting for the characters to survive their own lives
 Beyond  good...artist with her words! What an awesome  story and so well written...Well done. Thank you! I will look into your next.
 Excellent book.  Very well written and the descriptions put you there.
 Wonderful, heart rendering, lovely and ugly journey of life.  Connects with the strength we all have, but most never have the need to find this basic will to survive and accomplish so much.
 I couldn't put it down... finished it in 2 days. I stayed up until after midnight reading it each night to finish it, and I have a 4 month old if that tells you how precious sleep is to me!
 I loved her descriptions of the birds, the shells, the plants and the animals.  Found out the author lives in Idaho where I do.  Her knowledge of the habitat was amazing.  Enjoyed the book.
 I could not put this book down. The text reads like a dream and like the marsh, pulls the reader into its tides. I hope this author writes another novel soon- I will be anxiously waiting until then!
 I love to read and enjoy many different genres. This is a great story with beautiful writing. I totally recommend it!!
 This book was a bit slow to start, but then I couldn't put it down.
 This was a well written book that captured you on page 1 and didn't let your attention wane throughout the whole book.
 This is an amazing book that involves a culture few have heard of, a lonely yet fulfilling love story and a murder that will leave you surprised.
 Excellent book. Well written.
 Really enjoyed the writing which described the Marshes and the Carolinas.  Kept you very involved and wanting for more.  Excellent!
 I enjoyed this book. Some of it might have been a little hard to believe, but it is an quick paced, interesting and enjoyable read.
 I was drawn into the marsh by the author's elegant descriptive language. I enjoyed this unsuspected ending. A page-turner for sure.
 Loved the writing, loved the story, loved the surprise ending.  Those who love nature will appreciate the descriptive details, too.
 Incredible story! This is one of those books that had me up all night reading. Beautifully written, mysterious, and a wonderful feeling of closure at the end.
 Excellent novel. Here was someone who truly loved and appreciated nature. Made one take a hard look at the world view of diversity and what produces greatness.
 It was engaging from the very beginning.  The descriptive writing brought me to the scene.  Loved the story of  heart felt relationships through the struggles.
 Like I said... that while being poetic, introspective, and an intriguing read. Nicely written. Plus, some courtroom drama for those that need some of that too.
 It was hard to put this book down! A lonely but beautiful story of how one overcomes the obstacles that life puts in the way! Highly recommended.
 Great read
 Loved the book.  Couldn’t put it down.  Unexpected ending.
 The events of this story are so improbable that reading it was not pleasurable. There was also  much diversion into biology and nature which did not really forward the plot.
 Loved the whole story . wow what a story .Really felt a part of the story. Well written and thought out.
 Could not put this down.  Awesome book
 Beautifully written captivating drama that uplifts the human spirit.
 Bought book for personal reading based on recommendations of friends.  Book has also been read by my husband and will be cycled throughout my closest friends.
 Captivating.  Loved every minute of this book.<br/>I recommend this book to everyone that can read.  Very clever- did not know the ending until the very end.
 Wonderful read.  Complex layered characters that develop with the telling of the story.
 Have not read this author before, but definitely look forward to reading more!  Great read!
 Enjoyed. Stays with you after you are finished reading it.
 One of the best books i’ve Read in a long time. Beautifully written.  Wonderful character development. Couldn't put it down. Kya was a fascinating case study.
 Page Turner!  Not to be missed. Waiting for this author's next book will not be easy. If you love the coast of north Carolina wrapped in a compelling story this is for you!
 One of most beautifully written books I've ever read. A wonderful story that held my interest from beginning to end.
 The world created in this story comes so alive. You can feel hear even smell each page. Wonderful and original story
 The descriptive writing really draws you into the story of<br/>The marsh life and the " marsh girl".  Very well written.
 This was our book club selection. Was not given the best reviews by club, we all felt it was over-rated
 I was completely vested in Kya from chapter 1!  The story of her life is incredible...the loneliness, the challenges, and the final acceptance.
 I really enjoyed it
 Beautiful book. I loved it
 Great story, a little contrived
 IT HELD MY INTEREST FROM THR FIRST PAGE TO THE LAST A VERYGOOD BOOK
 One of the best books I have read in years.  It took hope Delia Owens 10 years to write this wonderful story.  I hope she writes another book in my lifetime.
 Excellently written novel that painted a detailed picture of the marshlands and its creatures. Felt transported to a wild place every time I opened its pages
 I thought it started off a little slow, but then it was hard to put down.  Also a little unrealistic at times, but still thoroughly enjoyed it!
 Best book I’ve read in a long time. Beautifully written!
 What a great read with a fantastic ending. I read ALOT and this was fantastic!
 This book was captivating from the start. With every page turned I anticipated the outcome but was shocked and even felt a little giddy with the twisted outcome. Everyone should read it!
 Overall a good book. I would have given it a four star however, the language was offensive
 Just finished. Already want to read it again. Most enjoyable and informative. Surprised at the outcome
 I could not stop reading this.  I was rooting for Kya the whole time; from the time she was left alone with an abusive father to the very end.
 This was a good fast read!
 I read a lot of books last year and this is always the one I think about. No matter to content, that is what makes a good story.
 I almost felt like I too was living<br/>In the cabin. The abanonment and loneliness you could feel. Great quick read
 The book was used for pleasure reading.  It was excellent and holds your attention throughout.
 This is truly one of the best books I have read in a long time.  I could not put it down.
 Each character and place is so beautifully described that you feel right in the dialogue.
 Loved this book. You can picture yourself in the marsh and realize that you’re not alone.
 I love this book.  It was so hard to set it down, I caught myself reading until 3 or 4 in the morning and only setting it down because I had to get some sleep before work.
 Beautifully written engaging story. I couldn’t read it fast enough, but hated that it was over. The author did a very nice job of incorporating her naturalist background.
 Excellent read!  I would highly recommend. A beautifully written story of people and of nature - gentle yet compelling. May this be the first of many fiction submissions.
 I have not read a novel this great in a long time. The depth of characters is beautiful and descriptions stunning.
 This book had me from the beginning. Kept me in the middle and satisfied me completely at the end. A wonderful story and completely different from what I’ve read lately. Pure enjoyment.
 I couldn’t put this book down.
 My wife devoured it in three days<br/>She couldn’t wait to grab her kindle and buzz through the book
 I don't usually do reviews, but this book is so good that I must tell everyone to read it. Excellent!
 Love love love!!! This book had me hooked from the start and yas stayed with me long after i was finished!
 I loved the scene Delilah Owens describes in her Novel. I felt like I was there in the swamp for each experience. Amazing read! Will keep you on your toes.
 I really enjoyed this book and finished it very quickly. The short chapters are easy bookmarking. I didn’t want the story to end.
 Loved everything about this book. It goes into depths of humanity through such an interesting perspective. This book is amazing.
 The detail used to explain the marsh draws you in as if you were there. The feelings for Kya and her plight tumble over each other.  Could not put down!
 This was a beautifully written book with an amazing story and fabulous ending ! Loved it
 This book was a bit of a slow start but worth reading once you get started!!
 The book held my attention and I hated to put it down!
 Best book I have read in a while. So well written!!! This is a great book, one I highly recommend!!!
 What a talented writer. I felt the heartache and the agony of Kya at the same time I learned a lot. Excellent writing and great description of human and animal behavior!
 Loved this book!
 Excellent writing, wonderful story. As much as I wanted to know the ending, I didn’t want it to end. A must read.
 Kept me interested from start to finish. I could see her, see the place, know her, and everyone in the community.
 Great book.  Gentle uplifting and renews one’s faith in a higher good!
 This book was very detailed, I loved the way she describes everything, I could almost see the marsh and all the birds, could even imagine the house that the poor girl lived in.
 This novel has it all.  Rich characterization, mystery, love story and lessons in the beauty of nature.  Well written, thought provoking and beautifully written.  What more can I say?
 Well written and captivating.  Amazing story from start to finish.  Loved the  murder mystery, the trial and how they was woven into the story of this remarkable woman.
 Great on history of the times. Class system in Great Britain. As a geologist I was fascinated about the fossils.
 Enjoyed this writer's imagery of the marsh and the twist at the end.  Hope she writes more fiction.
 Slow start but strong finish. It was somewhat predictable but overall a very enjoyable read! You kind of suspect the finish from the start.
 I couldn’t put it down.  This one really keeps you guessing.  Very well done, I’d suggest you definitely read this one.
 Kya came alive, her thoughts and dreams became real.<br/>This novel should inspire everyone who is captured by it to become who they are inspired to be.
 This beautifully written book was read in a single sitting that had me smiling, crying and breathless at different junctures.
 Great story. Likeable character could it put it diwn
 This may be the best novel I have ever read.  It is written beautifully, and definitely a book that is hard to put down.
 Good read
 An absolutely beautiful book. It will stay with you forever. Best book I read in 2018!
 As a fan of Barbara Kingsolver, I enjoyed the writer’s language, style, and narrative.
 I really enjoyed this book.  The only thing that I didn't like was the way that it ended.  It seemed premature.
 One of my favorites of the year! Right up to the very end.
 Beautiful writing, great insight and a page turning story make this the best book I've read in years. Enjoy it!
 Loved this book! Very descriptive of the conditions and area she lived in as well as you feel affection for the character and the hardships she endures!
 Loved reading this book! Slightly disappointed in the ending and lack of detail regarding the murder but realize the book was more about the love story.
 Interesting and complicated tale of race, class and gender woven together with the wonder of nature.  First book that has captivated me for a long time.
 Loved every page. Never wanted it to end!
 Thought it was well-written but ending predictable.
 Loved the story and the writing
 It held my nterest from page one.  Very interesting and compelling story.
 Beautifully written story of a woman who finds her own way through unusual circumstances. With a bit of romance, a bit of mystery, and a bit of an ode to the marsh, it’s delightful.
 It is not easy to find kout how to  lose.out of.this book and get back to my home page it stinks<br/><br/>e.
 Loved this story, the descriptive sentences and the pint of view, one of the best books I have read in a while
 I bought this book because so many people referred it. It lived up to the hype. A Wonderfully written book.
 Well written and very entertaining in many ways.  I was engrossed from start to finish.  Hard to believe it was the author’s first novel.
 Totally entertaining book. It was quick read for our book club. I could not put it down. It kept me guessing until the end.
 Engaging plot where you find yourself awestruck at the human capacity to remain resilient and resourceful against all odds.
 Wonderful wonderful book!
 Wonderfully moving story of one young girls's inner strength.
 I am not quite sure why I read this but it was wonderful.  The author leveraged her knowledge of science and creativity to create an incredible and well written story.
 Started a Book Club. This book was our first choice.  After the first meeting, everybody loved it!
 Couldn't stop reading Kya's awe inspiring story. Excellent writing and I was surprised totally at the ending.
 The book just captivated me from the beginning .it was hard to put down and it’s hard to fine books like this
 Great book! I couldn't put it down because it took me on a wonderful journey!  I will recommend this book to my book club!
 This was terrific. Such a well-crafted story, it's hard to believe it's the author's first novel. I sincerely hope it won't be her last.
 Amazing read. This is such a wonderful story and I only wish it would have been longer!  Perfect for nature lovers.
 I read a lot of books and For all the reasons above and a million more....this book is special. I highly recommend.
 I got lost in this book and truly thought the Marsh Girl was real and I was going to find a way to befriend her.  I was captivated by this story.  Loved the ending!
 I had trouble putting it down.  How could anyone abandon such a child?  The thought keeps me awake at night.
 I absolutely loved this book!  I can now add this book to my favorite book list.  This is a must read!
 This was really a great book I enjoyed it so much.  You should read it.
 I loved everything about this book. It is a page turner and couldn’t put it down.  This is one of my favorite books ever!
 You root for the heroine in her struggles against all odds.
 Wonderful story.  A pleasure
 I couldn’t put this book down.. the writing pulls you into a beautiful written story.  This book will stay with me for a very long time. Thank you for the journey.
 I highly recommend. This is a book I will talk about for years to come. Beautiful. I didn’t want it to end.
 Excellent book. Will be one of my favorite authors.
 Could not put the book down and yet I didn't want to finish it. Best read in a long time;I felt like I was living with the Marsh Girl.
 It was a little predictable but at the same time I enjoyed the book. Reminded me of a Hallmark movie.<br/>3 star<br/><br/>Thank you, Kindle Marty
 Man this book had everything i was really taken to another world. I believe this would make a good movie as well nice job . Hopefully many more to come from this author
 unusual and the ending was surprising
 Kept me hooked until the very end, I could not put it down. Kya is an inspiring girl/woman with many powerful life lessons. I look forward to reading more novels by this author.
 I just adored this book! Wish there were sequels coming! I see some of myself in Kya's character.<br/>Just delightful. I'll miss all the main characters and the thriving marsh!
 I loved this book.
 Great book! Way better than my last book that was chosen for book club! Captivating and interesting plot and characters!
 I loved the book and encourage others read to read it. There were many messages to ponder...prejudice, racism , an appreciation for the wildlife and the outdoors.
 I REALLY enjoyed this book! It kept me engaged throughout the entire read &amp; I’m glad it came so highly recommended.
 This book was fantastic; didn’t want it to end.
 I loved this book. The book had me hooked from the beginning . Sad that it is over. Definitely recommend .
 The writing about the natural world is rich and luxurious. The marsh springs to life with every word. I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 I loved this book. I read it in one day because I could not put it down. It was a great read.
 Read slowly and savor every word of this beautiful story! You will find grace and will ache to spend more time with Kya once the novel is finished.
 Loved the book . I give it 4  1/2. stars.  I loved the suspense.<br/>Didn't want to finish. When I finish a good book i always feel<br/>I am telling a friend goodbye.
 Probably one of the best books I’ve ever read.  Easy to read; but so hard to put down. I had to read it in one sitting.
 I loved this book.  The heroine was so strong.  The plot had enough twists to keep me guessing.  This was a great bookB
 Loved this book. So descriptive. Felt sad for Kya at times but she learned so much more from her life than most people. What a survivor. I was with her till the very last page.
 A unique and wonderful story.  Taking place close to home in SC made it special.
 A beautifully written story of natures justice
 A slow build. A beautifully constructed world, and portrait of inner strength, with nature as your guide. I got lost in this wod.  .
 One of the best books i’ve Read in years. Riveting plot. Very well written. Can’t wait for her next book!
 This book was recommended by a friend. I loved it! Great story, awesome ending and wonderful character development. Well worth a read!
 If I could have given this book a "10" star review I would have!  It was such a page turner from beginning to end!!!! Hopefully the author will write again!!!!!
 Spellbinding. Young love and murder. A story that few can sympathize with but many empathize with. Loneliness and love both shared and pushed away. Mesmerizing.
 I really liked this book!
 Extremely well written and adoring story with a unpredictable plot.
 This was an awesome book. Lost some sleep because i couldn't put it down.  Worth the money and the time.
 Loved it!!!!  One of the best books our book club has read.  Cant wait to read this author’s next novel.
 I enjoyed this book immensely. I didn’t know or care where it was headed because the ride was beautiful.
 Beautifully written poetic page turner that reminded me of To Kill a Mockingbird.  I loved being educated about coastal marsh life.
 After the first couple 1off chapters, this book was a page turner!  Definitely this at your heart strings...I couldn't put it down.
 Raw emotions, specially when the verdict is revealed. brings the marsh to life. Highly recommended.  Reese Witherspoon was spot on!
 Like it.  Interesting and a good story.  Well written and informative.  I would recommend this book to anyone interested in nature.
 Slow start, but excellent characterization .  Book got better as I read, hard to put down the second half of the book
 A wonderful tale full of longing and love. A nice, easy read that is a perfect poolside page-turner. Would recommend.
 Could not put it down, keep me I  on the edge my seat the hole time. I'm a 61 year old male and I cried several times reading this suspenseful,  creative and heart felt book.
 Great read!
 Stayed up late every night until I finished the book. It really kept my attention. I hope the author writes another novel!
 Interesting and informative at the same time.
 Didn’t want this book to end.  Poignant and fun loving.
 Although the story was difficult to accept as believable circumstances, it was intriguing and offered opportunity to speculate on outcomes
 Amazing story. Never wanted it to end! Bought two copies to give out to loved ones!
 An amazing and interesting read.  Compelling and moving.
 My book club read. The nature information was interesting but the story was a bit too fictional for me.
 This novel transported me into the Marsh. Well written and a great plot. Easy reading and very beautiful. Was sorry it had to end!
 Sacrificing little sleep, I couldn’t stop reading this book. I have never wanted to see a book translated into a movie...until I read this book.
 It's a heartwarming and heartbreaking story of survival, love, fear, loneliness, and compassion.  Set in the marshes of N.C. mostly in the 60's.
 I enjoyed the writing and character development. I did not see the  surprises at the end coming at all!
 I loved this book! Such a great story! I loved the main character! I would recommend this book. Best book I’ve read in a long time
 Loved every second reading this book! Beautifully written, I felt like I was right there in the marsh. I love being outdoors, so I really connected with the main character .
 The setting in the southern marsh was so interesting. The characters were so real and the story so tender and cruel.
 This is the best story I've ever read. Unique in its portrayal of a beautiful, strong and kind outcast. Just read it
 I simultaneously read as fast as I could, whilst absolutely dreading Finishing it. I’ll be reading on repeat for the foreseeable future. I wish she were real and I could have known her.
 Good story.  Liked the storyline.
 Excellent read
 Really loved this book. The story is great!
 One of the best books I have read in ages!!
 A unique story that is well written, engaging, and tugged at my heartstrings!
 Loved this story.  The love of the characters and the love of nature made this a special story for me.
 Nature will pull you in and the story will keep you turning the pages! Lovely, an amazing first novel! Can’t wait for her next book of fiction!
 I could not put this book down. Wonderful!!
 Her writing is sometimes lyrical and the story was compelling. I read it for a neighborhood book club.
 This was one of the best books I have read in a long time! I could not put my kindle down! I read the whole thing in less than 24 hours!  Hope to see more from this author!
 Loved this book
 Loved the story, initially I wasnt warming up to it because the heartache felt so real. But I couldn't put it down.
 I couldn’t put it down.  Many thoughts along the way, but none that matched the surprising ending. Loved this book!
 I loved this book from the picturesque writing Of the marsh and it’s inhabitants to the suspenseful ending and everything in between. I  highly recommend it.
 I loved the characters<br/>I loved the discriptions<br/>I could see it all
 I liked the details of Kya’s struggle for survival.  I read it for pleasure.
 What a great read! Highly recommend.
 Too contrived
 Charming and intriguing. Kept my attention the whole way through
 A rare and beautiful book. It will now be the one I call my favorite. Please read this amazing story.
 A beautifully written book that I could not put down. Such great images and an intriguing mystery. I highly recommend this book.
 The title intrigued me, the story took me on an adventure. Warmed my heart and made me feel right along with Its. Great read highly recommend.
 This was a great book from beginning to end. If you liked the movie Nell then you will love this book.
 I simply couldn't put this book down! It is that good!
 Very moving.  Always engaged with the characters.  The words wrap you in a warm blanket.  Perfect ending.  You actually care what happens to the characters.
 I read all of the reviews before I got this book.<br/>I was convinced it was THAT good. I was wrong!<br/>It was GREAT.
 Terrific read!
 I read this book in two days, finding it hard to put down.  Now I have to search for  her next book.
 Sometimes sad, always makes you want to keep reading. I couldn't put it down.  Surprise ending. You won't be sorry you read it.
 Rarely does a book draw me in like this one. I immediately fell in love with the Marsh girl...and other characters. This story will stay with you long after finishing it.
 Interesting mix of a girl growing up in tough circumstances and mystery.<br/>Would have liked a bit more at the end, felt the wrap up was too quick but enjoyed the read.
 Gripping story, engaging characters ....a story that captivates the reader until the very last page!
 Beautifully written. The descriptions and details put you in the marsh right along with Kya. It definitely left me longing for more!
 Loved this book. Read it for my book club.
 Could it put the book down! Excellent story and testament to the human spirit. I highly recommend this to anyone.
 Best book I've read in years!  Beautifully written!
 Amazing. Touching. Loved the descriptive narration with great suspense too. Heartwarming and heartbreaking at the same time. Sad to have it end, but a perfect conclusion.
 Really enjoyed the writing.  Enjoyed the culture insight to the area.
 Could not put this book down!!
 A very interesting read that everyone can enjoy.  I loved the sprinkle of poetry throughout the book. The author made me feel the swampland.
 Wonderfully developed characters, very real setting.  I highly recommend this book.  I wanted to read for myself to see what the fuss was all about.  It's the real deal.
 I liked the book, it is a great mystery that keeps you guessing . The ending took me by surprise! We read it for the book club I belong to and everyone enjoyed it  also!
 Book hardcover is upside down. Printing is fine, but thought someone should know. Never ordered a book who’s hard cover is upside down. Has anyone else had this problem?
 A beautifully written story. Pulled me in from page 1 and was hard to put down. Definitely is going to be my book club choice.
 The writing was excellent - difficult dialect was perfectly captured. The characters were excellently developed.
 Highly recommended to the poetic, artistic lovers. Absolutely captivating in both character and setting. I look forward to reading it again!
 My book club read it this month; all of us appreciated the beautiful descriptive passages, especially if the birds. The surprise ending was a big hit too.
 I have never written a review of a book, but had to after reading this.  It is just a great book. Don't miss it.
 I loved every word in this book. Beautifully written. I can't wait to read another book by this talented author.
 Didn’t want this book to end! Was surprised how much I enjoyed it. This story will pull at your heart strings.
 Beautiful descriptions of nature throughout and a compelling story that picks up steam and is so hard to put down at the end.
 Where the Crawdads Sing did not disappoint! A page turner that was truly difficult to put down!<br/>Highly recommend to all!
 Makes the marshes and nearby communities of North Carolina come alive on the page, interwoven with a riveting murder mystery.
 It was a slow start but once I got into the story the plot developed along more interesting lines.
 Loved every aspect of this book. It has haunted me in so many ways. Beautiful and thought provoking writing. Just a great and gentle read.
 Just an epic novel, spanning decades and set in a magical, yet harsh, environment. Great character development. At once heart-breaking and uplifting. I loved this book!
 The story of a young repeatedly abandoned child draws you in, but like many things, there is more to the story.
 I Loved the book and didn't want it to end. Great story about a young girls survival against unbelievable odds.
 Good read with an interesting twist at the end. Will be interested to see how it plays out in a movie. 👍🏻👍🏻
 This meandering book was highly enjoyable. Easy read, interesting story, well written. Captured me immediately and held me to the end!  All of my book club enjoyed it!!
 This book was touching and beautifully written. One feels the depth of Kya’s love for her marsh and her loss of human connection.
 A book that kept me riveted.
 Great story!
 Fabulous book. I really enjoyed it and couldn’t put it down.
 Very good book. Reading about the marshes in North Carolina and different species was a bonus of a beautiful story and love.
 A sad but moving book about life and living. Made me think of all the things we take for granted.
 This was a real page turner for me.  It kept me up till 1:30 AM  reading.  Could not put it down!
 In many ways I related to Kya's loneliness. What do we endure to not be alone? She was a free spirit, wild and free! I loved the suspense.
 I was pulled into the story right away and was captivated until the end!
 Description doesn’t bore. But, draws you in. Beautifully written.<br/>Great story. Won’t regret reading this book. Always picked it up to read. Didn’t want it to end.
 I couldn't put this book down. It one of my favorite if not favorites now. It kept me engaged and ran through so many emotions throughout the book. Must read for sure.
 One of the best!  I wish this author had more books to read.
 Great book, could not put it down. What a story!
 A little on the dark side.
 Well written imagery and insights into the emotional toll of isolation.
 Well written - descriptions are vivid
 Beautiful writing
 I loved the visualization from the book. I felt like I was in the swamp while reading the story.
 I read this book in 24 hours. A great read for your vacation! Expect the unexpected, while gaining knowledge and appreciation for nature.
 I had problems with the little girl being abandoned by her parents and siblings.  Nonetheless, it is a great story about how one can survive against odds and succeed.
 Really enjoyed this novel. Especially the main character! I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good coming of age story as well as ties to the souther coast.
 This is a good read, makes you feel the emotions of the main character.
 read it in 2 days
 I sat down one afternoon with this book and a cup of tea, hardly moved for the rest of the afternoon.  Great story, hard to put down I read it from start to finish in one setting.
 Great book - one of best read recently. 9/10. Read in two days - enjoyed the story.
 The premise of everyone abandoning a 10-year-old child was a bit hard to fathom, even if it was 50 years ago.
 Loved this story. The writing was amazing and it was difficult to not think about it between chances to read.
 I loved this book!
 This is such a beautiful heart touching story. Couldn’t stop reading it I was addicted. Highly recommend you read this.
 Could not put this one down.
 Very well written, great story. Hard to put down. Everything ties out in the end but suspense and anticipation were great.
 Beautiful and heart wrenching. I loved every page, and re-read many in awe. Please read this amazing novel, you will be so glad you did.
 The story pulls you in immediately. The main character is complicated in a good way but so understandable. I highly recommend this book.
 Descriptions allow you to be i n the wet lands you can see all the birds grasses insects  one of the best books I've read in a long time
 Narrator was pleasant to listen to and it was a nice ride.
 Very easy to read, heartwarming page turner.<br/>It reminded me of Glass Castles.
 I loved every minute of this book.  Kya is so strong.  Tate is loyal and loving.  I recommend it to anyone who loves to be captured by a strong story!
 This is one of a kind books that you just hate to finish.  I read a lot and this is one of my favorites  , ?
 I loved every description of the nature and wilderness and was captivated by the elusive Kya.  The firefly seducer.... Literally could not put it down
 It was pretty good but not as wonderful as other reviews state it is.
 I started out thinking that I wouldn't like this book, but changed my mind the further along. Brings people into a whole different world.  Survival.  Being devoted.
 Great read. I couldn't put it down.
 Sad book about the way we judge people without asking questions.  A good read.  Read whole book in one day.
 Excellent story.  Writing was well done. One of the best books I’ve read.
 The story of the girl was simple, yet so moving. The people who were her lifeline stood solidly behind her.
 Marshes were beautifully depicted! The writing was almost poetic at times. Loved the suspense also. Anyone who’s a nature lover will enjoy this book.
 Loved this book!  Didn't want to put it down!
 This was an easy read that did a great job of developing characters.
 Gripping story fascinating character development with an unexpected twist at the end  Author obviously knows the marsh land quite well
 Good read, nothing special
 I enjoyed this book so very much.  I read a ton and this book is among my absolute favorites.
 This is such a great read!!  I was pulled in at the very beginning and didn’t want to put the book down!  I highly recommend this one!
 Really enjoyed reading this book.
 I loved the lyrical, descriptive passages about the swamp which almost seemed to become another character.
 I could not put the book down.  It is beautifully written and I loved everything about the book!  I was so sorry to see it end.  Best book I have read in awhile!
 This book brought the marsh and feelings alive. I felt like I was there enjoying every part of the marsh and shore. You could feel Kya's loneliness.
 One of the best books I ever read.
 i liked and enjoyed the entire book tremendously.
 Oh my gosh! This book will stay with you forever. Poetry in motion.
 Beautifully written and a great page-turning story. Now I want to visit the marsh areas of the Carolinas where the book takes place.,
 A surprisingly complex story mixed with love,nature, and complicated relationships. For a first novel, Delia Owens has hit a home run
 Thoroughly enjoyed this novel.  Good character development, interesting setting, fast paced.
 Loved this book. Interesting info about nature and<br/>Some unexpected twists.
 This was a great read! I was engaged the whole time. I liked the conclusion so much I read it four times.
 Great read!!!  Got my attention from beginning to the very end... looking forward to movie of this one...
 This book held my interest from start to finish.  Always a surprise around the corner.  Love this author.
 Great Story!!!! Loved it.
 I loved getting lost in this book. Heartbreaking, beautiful, and just pure poetry.  This is one I will go back to read again in a few years just to enjoy the writing.
 It was a good book but to predictable for me
 This is an amazing story of a strong and courageous woman!!<br/>I really loved the writing style — a great author — hope Delia writes more novels!
 I enjoyed thi book. The story was different than anything I had read before.  I did not guess the ending.
 well written, powerful woman protagonist, good ending
 Brilliant plot twist and beautiful descriptions. You felt as if you were seeing the Marshes in North Carolina through the eyes of someone who treasures her home.
 BEST BOOK OF THE YEAR......beautifully written and couldn't put it down.  I'm going to reread it I liked it that much.
 A wonderful story of courage &amp; resilience. Great read!
 Great book, loved everything about it. I couldn't put it down and now Im sad it's over!!! Highly recommend this book!!
 A story that makes you feel despair and joy at the same time. The author made the marsh and the characters come alive.
 Delightful. Ending felt complete and story was unpredictable. Would recommend.  Easy read and earned every bit of 4/5. Check it out!
 Used product for casual reading.
 I loved the references to the swamp and southern terms that I'm familiar with.
 Well written
 This book held my interest as I had trouble putting it down. Kya was a lovable, simple character that succeeded against all odds. Loved the ending
 I enjoyed this book so very much!  I could visualize so much of the scenery and the story line kept me intrigued.  I’d highly recommend this book!
 I could not put this book down, beautifully written!
 This is a good story with lots of information about the swamp, told from Kya's experience. Also has a very good ending.
 A riveting read!  The plot leaves you guessing.  This book explores human endurance and survival while also showing the healing effects of nature.
 Well written, great story. Actually even liked the reader!
 Great story.<br/>Couldn't put it down.<br/>Can't wait for the movie.<br/>Why do I have a minimum word requirement for my review?
 This book was one of the best books I have read this year. Very well written, engaging and a great story.
 Nice story with surprise ending
 I couldn’t quit reading this book. It is beautifully written and spellbinding. I loved it!
 Beautifully written, held my interest from beginning to end, whereas most books do not. I Highly recommend this very special novel.
 Loved this one and highly recommend it to all readers. Definitely different and really captures you. Loved how i felt as if i could see the marsh
 The details came to life for me and it was amazing.  Felt like I could see the whole thing like a movie
 Beautifully written, richly developed story and characters.  This novel will grab your attention from the very first page and hold it to the end.
 A beautifully written book. You are emotionally hooked from the start. Wonderful development of the characters and setting. Don’t hesitate to read.
 Beautifully written.
 Did not anticipate the ending.  Could visualize the characters and the marsh. Beautifully written. Kya's loneliness, intelligence and grit made the story real.
 I could not put it down!  Intriguing story line and gorgeous descriptions and imagery.  Loved every moment as this story unfolded.
 Loved this easy tead
 I couldn't put this book down.
 What a great book! Beautiful, evocative writing.  Deep character development (at least for the protagonist...). You'll blow right through it. Highly recommend.
 Great read
 I thought this book was entertaining however it didn’t feel at all realistic. Especially the second half. It certainly would be nice if it were.
 Seriously, I couldn't turn the pages fast enough. Please read this book, you won't regret it. I can't wait to see what Delia Owens creates next!
 Was a great read—a book I couldn’t put down—a book I rushed home to pick up and finish—-a great read!!
 Just loved the character Kya and the interesting  story told.  Different from most good books in a very good way.  Didn’t want to put down.
 Just pulls you in entirely. A wonderwel view on nature beauty and strength. And on the ruthlessness and kindness of mankind. What a debute!
 If I could give it more stars I would.
 This would not be my normal book to read but it sucked me in with the authors writing style. I enjoyed this book and will definitely read more by Delia Owens!
 I loved the compelling characters. This was a unique story with interesting characters. Kept me interested to the very last page.
 I enjoyed this book immensely. I’m sad it’s over, but am completely satisfied by its ending. I highly recommend it.
 Favourite book in a long time! I already want to read it again!
 Beautiful, rich prose. Bravo to the author. well developed characters. You are in the story. A real pagde turner from start to finish.
 The entire book, held my attention. It brings out so much emotion..kya was a beautiful wild specimen who desired family and love.
 Liked the writing.  The story was pleasurable and painful at the same time.
 Sad story
 Love love LOVED this book!  Finally a story that is different. So engaging and hooked me immediately.
 Great story with rich language. A mystery and tribute to the human spirit.  If you love nature and a great story,  try this one.
 This book was very hard to get into at first, and then it sucked me in. This book has life lessons every page turn. I highly recommend this book to everyone!
 Fantastic book!  Didn't want it to end.
 Outstanding characters, story and delivery. An unusual selection, for me, so glad I made the choice! Kya’s story is a must read.
 Loved that Kya made something of herself.  She also was able to reconnect with Tate. Could not put this book down.
 This book spoke of another time before roles of men and women had begun to change. I very much enjoyed Kyas story.
 A very touching story, moved me to tears in parts. Kya touched my heart right from the beginning. Loved this book.
 It was a fabulous book that really kept my interest, I couldn't put it down, just wanted to see what happens next!
 The story of an outcast who weathers abuse, ostracism and prejudice to rise above her persecutors. As my wife will attest, I couldn’t put it down. Well done!
 I loved this book!
 I loved every page. I will be anxiously awaiting her next novel. It was suspenseful and intriguing with unforgettable characters
 Great story of strength and determination to survive and how people could be blind and judge mental. Enjoyed the story and the ties to nature.
 I loved the descriptions because I could visualize the scenes.  Lovely writing, compelling story.  I highly recommend this book.  A good read.
 Enjoyed the story.
 Wow! What an amazingly sad, yet beautiful book! This is a MUST read! You will not be disappointed!!!
 A wonderful story with great characters. I couldn’t stop reading. It is a story that stays with you even after you finish.
 My husband and I both loved this book!
 I would recommend this book to a anyone who enjoys nature, both human and biological. It has love and mystery, hope and surprise.
 liesure reading ....  ending is a total surprise!
 This is a wonderful book. The story was so good and the writing was beautiful. It highlights how prejudice comes from a lack of understating.
 After chapter three had to stop listening. The reader’s fake accent is irritating. Waste of money .
 Loved this book.  Perfect for my book club.  So much to discuss.  Hated for it to end.
 Loved the story !!
 Gripping, interesting, straight forward, well written, supprising.
 Liked everything
 I really enjoyed this book. It was well written and captured my interest throughout. I was anxious to know what happened next.
 I couldn’t put the book down. The descriptions of the marsh made me hear the sounds. Looking forward to the movie that Reese Witherspoon will be producing.
 Loved the book. It was a great story.
 I loved this book so, no dislikes....
 An excellent book! One I truly enjoyed!!!
 Thank you for a wonderfully written novel. The sentiment that we should all look to nature for grounding in today’s world and embrace people of all kinds.
 A page turner from the moment I opened this book until I finished it - I think I’ll read it again!
 Such a refreshing and beautifully written novel. It's an amazing story about a young girl will to survive, love and loineles.
 The book was well written and very entertaining.
 The mystery resolved in a very surprising way. I can usually see it coming, but not this one. Excellent writer!
 I liked how the main character was developed and how she find a way to survive. The ending kept me in suspense.
 Couldn’t put this down! Great writing! A great who-done-it!
 Excellent, unusual story.
 Well written, good story.
 This was recommended and what a pleasant change from the Tom Clancy genre. Easy to read, difficult to put down.
 This book lives up to the hype. I absolutely love her writing. I could not put it down. I cried multiple times!
 It was fantastic!! Held interest. Great ending.
 This author can turn a phrase. She was so descriptive. It makes you want to go to the marsh. Hard to put down.
 Unlike so many books, this one was well-written and left me wanting to read more! I cannot wait for her next book!
 Great read. One of the best books I have read this year.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Stayed up late into the evening because I couldn't put it down! Been awhile since I have read a book this good!
 I chose 5 stars because this is the first book thats kept my interest from start to finish. This book is just unforgettable!
 It was an interesting book but I didn't love it. I felt bad for the main character and the small plot twist was interesting.
 I tried so hard to read slow... it was impossible.  Best book of the last three years, absolutely best best best hands down.
 Very good read
 I loved this book.  I'm sad it's over.  The story of Kya will stay with me.  The setting was so vivid.  I laughed and cried and even the ending surprised me.
 This was the best book I've read in years.  Don't miss it.
 Fast moving, emotional, suspenseful heartwarming and I learned a lot to boot. Going now to check out her other books.
 Didn't want it to end.. A great read for sure!
 Couldn't put the book down. Very well written.
 Really enjoyed this book. The writing style was excellent.  I missed Kya when the book was over.
 Well written and story took many twists and turns....right to the end.
 Excellent book
 Excelent incredible book
 Writer kept me entertained ! A real page turner! Surprise ending . Unpredictable i loved it! Can't wait to read more of her books. Thank you ms owens
 Fabulous<br/><br/>What a movie this book will make !  Couldn’t put it down !<br/>One of those books you wish never ended
 Such a simple, beautiful, imaginative story. Your heart will break over and over again, but it’s definitely worth the read.
 Enjoyed every word describing this wonderful journey. Loved the twists and turns from the beginning to the end. I look forward to more from this author!
 Filled with heart and strength. Takes you to a place where you never thought you’d go. Love from many angles.
 I was drawn in from the first page and kept fascinated right to the last page! Can highly recommend this book
 Loved the book.  Couldn't put it down.  Loved the ending.
 I liked the characters.  The ending was a total surprise.
 I loved this book.  Kept me into it from start to finish.  I hated to put it down.
 I really enjoyed the characters and descriptive verse.  Highly recommend the read!
 Couldn't put the book down, read it in two days! Beautifully written! The story was both heartbreaking and breathtaking at the same time.
 Just an amazing work of storytelling and mystery. I didn’t know what the outcome could be until the very end.
 It was a great read and hard to put down. It easily flows from one chapter to the next.Really a great ending.
 . This is the best book I have read in a long time! Loved it! I highly recommend it!
 You cannot put it down!
 Loved this book
 I loved this book because it kept you guessing about what was going to happen next.  A well thought out  and executed<br/>story line. Keep on writing.
 We read this for book club and everyone loved it. Beautiful writing and a haunting story. I would definitely recommend it.
 Be ready to sink into the life of Kya. Beautiful writing. Beautiful setting. Beautiful story. Well worth the read of this non-fiction author.
 Very creative and you become so enveloped with the character development. Really enjoyed this story and the descriptions are incredible.
 Loved this book. I couldn't put it down. I totally recommend it!! Love, suspense, hate, grief, and beauty all in one.
 Excellent read!!  Could not put this book down!!  Beautifully written and love the main character.  I cried in several areas of the book!!
 This book is one of the best novels I  have had the pleasure of reading. It is an example that  initial lack of skills does not bad one from learning.
 This book moved me deeply. Amazing story of survival and nature and intrigue and love. ❤️. I strongly recommend this book
 Beautifully written, wonderful story, and prose so descriptive that you felt you were there. I wanted more.
 The product was fine.  The packaging from Amazon left white debris all over our kitchen when it was opened.
 Great story
 Beautifully written, wonderful story. Highly recommend.
 I can't recommend enough •  sweeps you up and carries you away from beginning to end! Delia Owens is a Yes!
 Loved this book... will be discussing at our book club.
 It is an outstanding book - well-written, substantively interesting, well-paced. A real gem!!
 Great read. Character development was excellent. The plot kept you turning pages til the end.
 This novel captures the hear, the imagination and the senses all at once! A must read and one that is difficult to put down! Compelling, poignant and heartfelt!
 Wonderful story with a beautifully detailed writing style, I was swept away. Such a beautiful depiction of life and love
 Great read
 nice story
 I couldn't put this book down. A hauntingly beautiful story that will make you feel like you were living alongside Kya in the marshes.
 Loved the entire book.  Well written, kept me intrigued and then took me down a totally different path...numerous times.
 one of the best books i have read in awhile.
 I absolutely loved this book!  I could not put it down.  It hit straight to the heart.  I am glad I purchased it.
 I couldn’t stop reading - the story draws you in and you have to see it all the way through.
 Vivid, poetic language.  Top ten best books I’ve read this decade.
 Loved everything about this book! Beautifully written, good plot, very interesting main character! This book has moved into my top 10 of all time!
 Probably one of the best books I’ve ever read...a love story intertwined with a murder mystery but also so much more than that. Beautifully written.
 A must read! Profound inspirational nostalgic (lived in Bayou country). Mystical forlorn...the reader walks beside Kya through the bayou the marshes
 Wonderfully full story of nature’s way with love and cruelty. Kya was a heroine in her story and a villain in her town.
 One of best books I’ve read in a long time. Captivating with a twist. I can’t believe it’s a first novel.
 Great story with delightful descriptions of the marsh and marsh life.  A very different kind of thriller.
 This was a 5 star book. Powerful and moving. Couldn’t put it down. Did not wa t it to end. Congratulations on a beautifully written book.
 Great read. Highly recommended
 Great novel of particular interest for nature lovers! Interesting story of loss, love and survival. And growing up alone in the wild.
 Extremely excellent use of proper and slang english words to describe and paint the scenes she portrays here. Loved it.
 Wasn’t sure I would like this book, but I loved it! Beautifully written story!
 Excellent book from beginning to end!
 Couldn't put this book down. Great plot and character development, with a worthy twist. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys reading.
 Excellent book and I highly recommend it.
 Usually I am disappointed with the endings of so many books.....but this one is a surprise. Well worth reading.
 I loved this book. One of the most enjoyable reads in a long time
 Loved this novel. A strong girl becomes a strong woman, taking flight and putting up a courageous fight. Highly recommend. I could not put it down!
 Suspenseful, romantic, mysterious storytelling about the life journey of an abandoned girl growing up into adulthood. Recommend the book to adults.
 What a beautiful story.  Kya was such a gentle soul, but if necessary she learned how to stand up for herself.  Highly recommend this book.
 Kay is a amazing character. She raised herself to become a caring loving productive member of society when the odds were against her.
 Great story of preserverance.
 Fun book with lots of twists.
 One of the best books I’ve read!!! Want to reread it again, and have recommended it to everyone!!! Simply wonderful!!!
 This is one of the best books I have ever read. I will recommend this to everyone I know! Must must read!
 This was a wonderful book.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 A beautiful story of a child growing into womanhood. A wonderful portrait of an amazingly strong woman has something to teach each of us.
 Enjoyed this book!
 The story was heartbreaking but told in such a beautiful way. I absolutely loved this book and highly recommend everyone to read it.
 Loved the story but it started out slow!
 Living close to the coast and visualizing the story.
 I enjoyed the book and look forward to our book club discussion.
 Great book! Lyrical descriptions of the setting and a testament to human grit and spirit. Fast-paced, tbought-provoking and at times a tear-jerker
 Could not put this book down. So descriptive and will pull you in as you get to know and feel Kya's hurts and heart.
 Vivid and unique characters. Stunning and detailed descriptions of the marsh, the sea and wildlife. Excellent pacing.
 Very immersive story.  It made me feel like I was there experiencing it first hand.  I highly recommend reading this!
 A quick and suspenseful read with many layers.  I did not want it to end.  Would also be a great movie.
 This book will make you cry!
 Beautifully written and great story all wrapped up in one, awesome character development!
 Great read really got me into the story and the characters.  Great twist
 Great read...I laughed; I cried; I loved the story.
 The story of Kya is so well told that the reader feels  a connection to her.
 This was our Book Club book and it was absolutely loved by all.
 Enough different to be interesting.  I really enjoyed it.
 This was an outstanding read. The author has a way of transporting you into the story. I loved everything about this book.
 Had a hard time putting this book down.
 So very good. One of the best I’ve read.  Can’t wait for another one.
 Probably the best book I have read in years
 Enjoyable book that explored life on a North Carolina Coast. Ending was good and an unexpected twist.  Easy to read.
 At first I wasn’t sure I would like this book, but it blossomed into a story I could not put down - such beautiful writing and storytelling!
 This book is beautifully written!!<br/>I love it.
 Still reading it
 A little predictable but well written.
 Awesome read with an unexpected twist.
 Wonderful book. Awesome ending. I will probably read it again.
 Great book, different story line than typical books. Easy read
 Wonderful story and fantastic writing.  Definitely a favorite.
 II took me a while to get into the story. As the characters were developed, I couldn't put the book down.
 A great, well-written read.  I loved the insights into human nature as well as nature itself, striking a heart-warming and heart-aching balance.
 I loved this book so very much. I loved the process of reading it, getting the know the characters, and developing a love for the main character.
 Loved this book.
 Very entertaining, not predictable.  The ending is a sweet treat.  Good read all around.
 Excellent descriptive writer and story. Ending was disappointing/sad and predictable. Otherwise, I would give 5 stars. Would make a great movie.
 An amazing story of isolation, love, hate, nature and mystery<br/>all resulting in an acceptance of life as it is.
 This book is overrated and I am not sure why.  I was disappointed with it and struggled to finish it.
 Loved this book!! I enjoyed every minute of it! I’m sad it’s over! I need another book just as good!!
 It dragged a little during the court proceedings. All and all enjoyable novel.  Great job describing the marsh. I would recommend
 Excellent
 Excellent book! Great story and beautifully told.
 I started the book and didn’t want to put it down
 Loved loved this book great read highly recommend
 Thank you, Delia Owens, for this beautiful story!
 So beautifully written, touching, and heartfelt. I loved every word of this book. An amazing first novel by this talented writer.
 Excellent book.
 This book was very intriguing. I finished it pretty quickly bc I couldn't stop reading.
 I always feel disappointed when I finish such a good book because I'm afraid that I won't find another book as good as the one I just finished.
 Beautiful writing, wonderful story and character development.
 One of best books I've read! Beautifully written , mysterious and captivating! I hope she writes more like this one!
 Book flowed nicely from start to finish you are engaged all the way....to  the very end!!
 Well written, clever book.
 I loved this story from beginning to end! It was extremely engaging. I can't wait to discuss it with my book club.
 I WAS BORN IN ARKANSAS. THIS BOOK REMINDED ME OF MY CHILDHOOD AND MY DREAMS. ALSO I LEARNED NOT TO BE FRIGHTED BY CRAWDADS OR MOST ANYTHING ELSE.
 Great read of survival on her terms! Hard to put down and so well written. Easy to recommend to all.
 Loved the story of a strong female character overcoming obstacles and finding success and happiness.
 This was a great book! The main character was so well developed that  you pull for her til the very end of the book.
 Just rec’d the book - was excited as giving as a gift to a friend. Disappointed that the cover is marked up - looks almost used.
 Best book I've read in a long time. Beautiful story, beautifully written. I cannot recommend this book highly enough. Wonderful.
 Great read. Charming book
 I really enjoyed the poetry of the story. Both in how it was told and the way it played to your ears
 What an intriguing novel.<br/>I thoroughly enjoyed the strong character development and the descriptions of the marsh.<br/>I read in one sitting
 Fabulous telling of a story and connection to nature. I will read more by this author.
 Amazing book, could not put it down!
 One of the best books I have ever read! Interesting from start to finish!
 Loved this book.  An unbelievable story written beautifully.
 Well written with detailed description and intriguing story.
 My mom loved it
 Bought it for my wife.  She loved it
 Very. compelling though unrealistic.
 This novel was amazing. Amazing.<br/>Beautifully written, engrossing plot, all the feels.<br/>I’m looking forward to the author’s next book!
 This was recommended by a friend and I was not disappointed!
 One of the finest books I have read.  The story is so beautifully written and complete.  Love and suspense.  Wow.
 This is my new favorite. I couldn’t put it down and was so sad to get close to the end. This needs to be a movie!
 Well written book about an abandoned child who explores the marsh environment she lives in.
 I liked everything that this book offered  kindness suspense encouragement this was a wonderful book that everyone should read my grandchildren will f
 It was hard and gut wrenching at times but I always wanted to keep reading!  Loved the good and bad parts of life told so well!
 I highly recommend this book.  The story was so good and interesting!  Loved the  NATURE in the story.  Good read
 Slow at first but unfolds into a gorgeous story
 This was a great book. A who dunit til the end.
 So far this is one of my favorite books I’ve read in awhile!
 a GREAT read!
 I loved it!  I hated for it to end!
 You will not want this book to end!
 Enjoyed this story very much...didn’t want the book to end.
 Loved it! Has a little bit of everything and felt it was a unique story and journey that I didn’t want to end!
 Captured my attention from the very beginning, I didnt want this story to end. I would recommend this book to everyone I know.
 This book was so good!!  It had a little bit of everything-love, crime, poetry, suspense!!  It really made you think and feel.
 The plot development keeps you hooked and wanting to read more! The ending is well developed, and is not what you will expect!
 Felt such a connection to the Marsh Girl.  Couldn’t put this book down.
 Wonderful story of human strength and courage.
 Very interesting life, but also sad. The details of mental illness ignored.
 I really enjoyed this book.  The wonderful poetry and prose made the marsh come alive.<br/>A story of survival against all odds.  Loved it.
 Very good book. Recommend to all!!
 Full of survival, intrigue, mystery, and love.
 Loved it!  Such a good book.  I didn’t want to put it down
 The author's soul is revealed in the nature of her artful descriptive words.  This story is carefully blended with harsh reality and beautiful innocence.
 One of the best books i've read in a long time. Entertaining, beautiful, satisfying!
 Just another close look at how vulnerable the women who are excluded from society through no fault of their own. Lovely book, horrible fate.
 Read it for book group. Learned many interesting facts about nature. Interesting twists in story.
 Best book I have read in a long time. The characters have depth rarely seen. As I read, I could visualize every single scene.
 it was good, just not what I thought it was. I more on suspense and thrillers.
 Loved the depth of the characters and the way she wrote about nature in both a scientific and breathtaking way.
 Captivating story and amazing writing.  Imagery through words so well done.  Highly recommended to all who enjoy nature, love and suspense.
 I considered calling in sick to work to finish this book. No really, it’s so good. The main character is so likable &amp; the storyline is well-paced.
 Great read!
 Loved this book!  Just a great story and so well written.
 Your heart will cry and rejoice at Kya’s life. One of the best written  books, I couldn’t put it down. On par with Nightingale.
 I have not read a book of this depth in a long, long time. Most enjoyable. I loved the intrigue.
 This was so wonderfully written!  It was a amazing how much strength this young girl had with no one but herself and nature.
 One of the most beautifully written and emotionally satisfying books I have read in years. I cannot recommend it too highly.
 Thank you Reece Witherspoon for suggesting this wonderful book. I could not put it down. Loved every single page!!!!!
 I liked the entire story line.  Was not happy with the constant back and forth (past to present)
 This was one of the best reads I've had in the last few years.  Beautiful descriptions that did not overwhelm the storyline.
 This book was amazing. Couldn't put it down!
 Loved this book!  Brought me to tears in many places but the history and the ocean and the mystery drew me in. I couldn’t put this book down
 It was different than any book I've ever read, good read
 No comment
 Absolutely beautiful. I cried.  I have never written a review before, but I loved this wonderful story. Thank you for writing it .
 But it is so much more than a love story.  Rich language, vivid imagery and common of age in the North Carolina swamplands.
 Didn't want it to end.<br/>I loved the characters and setting.  Such vivid details.  I will recommend it to all my friends
 Way too tragic, but it sucks you in and you just can't stop reading. I would prefer though to not read about such tragedies
 This book. Incredible. I just finished it and I’m left speechless. I couldn’t stop reading and loved it. I’m sad it’s over.
 Bought this book twice, one for my collection and one to share.  The story is that good!  Looking forward to reading again.
 Couldn’t put it down! The captivating story is so well written and the author makes everything come alive. Sad but amazing.
 I read it in 2 days.  A really good read!  I hate when I’m done with a good book.  Back to my search I guess.
 The story kept my interest up!
 Beautifully crafted and written. The descriptions of the low country in the Carolinas made you smell the sea and feel the wind.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. I would highly recommend it.
 This book was difficult to put down.  I just wanted to keep reading.
 This book was so interesting that I couldn’t wait to finish it. I think it took only 4-5 hours for the entire book. I hope you like it.😃
 Spell binding...keeps you attention from the first page.  Looking forward to more novels from this author.
 I loved this book. I found it interesting and Unpredictable. I read this while on vacation and couldn’t wait to read it every single day.
 Loved this book from the very beginning... heart warming and suspenseful through and through . Excellent choice for your next book club !
 Great reading. Book chosen by book club and created wonderful conversations as we progressed. I loved the surprise ending.
 A tough story to stomache but spellbinding
 Very interesting writing style  Great book
 The descriptors of the  main character's personality and the magnificent seacoast draw the reader into a special swell an isolated life.
 I couldn't really put it down...took little breaks here &amp; there, but finished the book in a day &amp; a half because it was just so...GOOD!!
 I enjoyed this book very much.
 Beautiful prose, heartbreaking story. A gripping read!
 Loved every minute of this story. Beautifully written.
 Once you start reading, it’s hard to put the book down. I like the way the different concepts of love transformed through out the story.
 This book was so good I finished it in a day because I couldn’t put it down. Hands down best book I’ve read this year. Highly recommend!
 A good story with a twist
 It started off a little slow but this book captivated me and will be a book a return to often
 This book was hard to put down and will be even harder to find another one like it or better.
 I enjoyed this book, but they constant marsh references seemed overkill at times. Not real believable at times. Sad story
 Such a beautiful, heart felt story that was so perfectly written. Such a special story about an even more special young lady - I loved it!!!!
 Loved this book! Great mystery, love story, character development!
 The writing is quite beautiful and the story unusual and touching.
 Enjoyed this book from beginning to the end, couldn't put it down.
 I loved the simplicity of nature through a child's eyes and the love she shared with Tate.  Could not put it down after the first half.
 Wonderful book to read. Surprise ending!!
 I couldn't put it down.  I'm from North Carolina and this book brought me back.
 Nicely written book with a twist in the end.
 Enjoyed
 A truly captivating story.<br/>How do we define prejudice, loneliness, ignorance? How can one young girl be profound and self-reliant?
 but really implausible plot/lots of holes
 I am surprised that this is her first novel. I hope she writes more soon. You will not be disappointed.
 Read in one day!  Great story that kept moving quickly.  Lovely descriptions of landscapes and characters.
 A beautiful tale of nature, love and abandonment- with a courtroom drama to boot. Poetry in every line. Would recommend.
 Hauntingly beautiful! Every world held my full attention, cannot recommend this book enough!
 The imagines are vivid and story takes you deep into a wild marsh. The plot was great but I was left wanting a bit more.
 Likeable protagonist.  Good story. Interesting information about coastal plants and animals.
 She is a very beautiful writer. You suspend reality a bit to enjoy the book but i did so with pleasure. What a joy to read this novel.
 this book was beautifully written.I can't stop thinking about it.
 I absolutely loved reading this! I was captivated from the first chapter and it was a struggle to put it down! Beautifully written....
 Exceptional prose and poetry
 Great book. Great quality A+
 I’ve had my eye on this book for a little while. Physically a beautiful book and I can’t wait to dive in.
 Well written.  Surprise ending
 Loved the book. And the fact that narration could be added to it for my mom,who has aphasia,due to a stroke,could read along with it.
 This was beautifully written. I loved the characters and got completely submerged in this book. I can't wait for more books by Delia.
 Incredible writing, descriptions, plot, suspense. Just amazing!!
 I could visualize the marsh, the water and the seabirds she loved.
 Easy read. Couldn’t put it down the second half!
 Fabulous story and a great read! Keeps you interested until the very end!
 What an incredible book. I haven’t been able to put it down. Every paragraph is perfect and the story grips you from start to finish.
 I loved this book! Couldn’t put it down. Very well written and a great story.
 Awesome!  Loved this book!! The story is brilliant my heart just ached for Kyra she was such a brave courageous child.
 What a soft-hearted gem of a book this was. I would read this again and again for the love of<br/> nature and poetry.
 What a great read! I loved the characters and couldn't wait to see what would happen next.
 An amazing book from start to finish, i couldn't put it down! Highly recommend! You will love it, i did!
 Beautiful tribute to nature. Many plot twists to keep you hooked. Enthralling and poetic, I thoroughly enjoyed this wonderful novel.
 Tremendous writing and visualization!  This book has a bit of everything, family relationships, nature, romance, and mystery!
 I loved reading this book from the beginning to the end. It was engaging, descriptive, well written and a fascinating story!
 Great writing,made you see every think very easily like you were there. Liked the way it was written.very easy to read.
 Great read!  Excellent discussion for a book club!
 Although this book has a slow start, you become sucked in and can not put it down. Kya’s story is both heartbreaking and inspiring.
 I couldn’t put it down. Lovely descriptions and very suspenseful. Makes me want to visit North Carolina’s marsh land! Recommend it!
 Beautiful book
 Fabulous book!
 Enjoyed this book.  Beginning to end.
 A gripping novel that held my interest from start to finish. Beautifully descriptive and very well detailed. Sad but powerful.
 Such a great story!!!
 Loved it from beginning to end!
 Good condition
 Wonderful story of life's messy, ugliness, beauty,  and love.  How one woman survived it all. Could not put it down.
 Great detail of nature and loneliness and a plot that makes this a book hard to put down. Read it, you will love it.
 It wasn’t until midway through this book that I really got absorbed into it. Such an intriguing story.
 Great story, well written
 Well written- descriptive - totally unbelievable story. Hard to believe the rave reviews were so pervasive.  More of a beach read.
 Beautiful story...
 Fascinating story, something a little different for a change.
 Beautiful story. Couldnt put it down. And I still want more!!
 A girls struggle and a mystery. I couldn't put the book down.
 Awesome book!
 Beautifully written and hard to put down. This book will stay with me for a while. Can’t wait to see what Delia Owens writes next.
 Love the book
 Riveting courtroom trial
 Well done; not expecting the end of story twist1
 I loved this book. One of my all time favorites!
 I liked the character development and air of indepen throughout the novel.
 This story is full of imagery and rich characterizations.  The plot is unexpected and full of depth.  A great STROY
 Couldn't put the book down. It is an absolute must read. Every chapter is a puzzle put together like a masterpiece.
 So, so good! I don't typically take the time to write reviews but this one earned every star. Best book I have read in a long time.
 Beautifully written. Enjoyed imagining Marsh life with Kya as she lived it.
 come to life.  Several subtle subplots,well drawn.  My first read of her work.  Will do more.  Truly deserves number one ranking.
 This book was very well written, the relationships and plot unfolded so well. This is an absolutely beautiful story. A must read!
 Loved this story, loved the ending.
 A great read...had to put everyadide to finish.
 Had to buy a copy for my mom! She loved it too!
 Oooo my, what a great read!! Did not put it down. Read straight through!!
 Loved the book
 I felt like I was reading "To Kill a Mockingbird" for the first time!
 Beautifully written and mesmerizing images of nature. One you will never regret taking the time to read and will recommend to others.
 Could not put it down!  The characters come alive till you feel you know them!  I didn't want it to end.  Amazing!
 Read this book in 2 days and couldn’t put it down. Such a unique story and beautifully written, highly recommended
 Great read! One of the best books I have read in awhile I belong to a book club and all the members felt the same.
 This was a wonderful read. The language was beautiful and the story compelling. I loved the book and have suggested it to friends.
 Loved this book. Her descriptions paint a picture. I felt every emotion possible. New appreciation for nature and precious life.
 Beautifully written. Surprise ending.  Nature or nurture? I’m never surprise at way people can treat each other.  Give it a try.
 Great story, great characters!!  Highly recommend the book.
 Great book!
 The author was very descriptive as she was a naturalist.
 Great story. Loved the characters, loved reading about the marshes of NC. Finished in one rainy day!  I highly recommend.
 Just an all-engrossing read that I couldn’t put down!! Five stars for sure!!!⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
 I couldn’t put it down! Beautifully written. Definitely a book that gives you the feels! I would highly recommend everyone read this!
 This is a beautiful book.  Heartbreaking and yet somewhat magical in it's rendering of the setting.
 Wasn’t sure I’d like the book but was sucked in after the first chapter. Great writing, some sad times but has an awesome ending! Love this book!!
 The book leads you into discovery of a life lived with nature. A powerful novel of love and loss. Hard to leave the characters.
 I loved this story. Very well written and full of human emotions. Liked the mystery theme as well as a story of human survival.
 A wonderful, sad, thought provoking love story.  Maybe a bit far fetched but would highly recommend.  I read it in one sitting.
 Great book! Keeps your interest! Do yourself a favor and take the time to read this book. You won’t be disappointed!
 This story! The emotions were so real to me, it completely drew  me in.  I will read this story again and again.
 This is by far THE one! Surpassed all descriptions that were offered....read it in one day! Love, love, love it!
 I loved how the author described everything in nature..It made me feel like I was there while I read this novel.
 I absolutely loved this book.  One of the best I've read in a long time.
 Couldn't put it down.
 An amazing book! Loved the story line! Amazing someone could survive In those conditions and accomplish so much!
 This was an excellent book. Hard to put down
 Excellent writing about a young girl surviving without any assistance. An ending you truly will not see coming!
 Hope she writes more
 You can’t put it down.<br/>Amazing descriptions of the coast and unforgettable story
 I did not want this book to end! A beautiful love story! Recommended for anyone who loves heARTFELT stories of love and loss.
 One of the best books I've read in a while. Couldn't put it down!
 I loved this book, I couldn’t put it down.
 This book was beautifully told.
 Well written, moving and emotional. It was hard to put down once you got to know the Marsh Girl.
 It is a good easy read, likeable characters
 This was one of the best books I've read in a long time!
 A Great, ‘Coming Of Age’ story! Also a who dunnit thriller.
 I was engrossed from start to finish, this is a great story.  Very strong female lead character. I will read this book again and again.
 Did not want the book to end  Discriptions placed me right in the marsh.  Great  reading. Couldn't put it down
 Very well written and enchanting. I would recommend this to all who live near the coast. You can almost imagine being there.
 Uniquely written lead character and story woven around a girl who raises herself with an ending that challenges your values.
 You won't be able to put this one down! It is so well written, and the story grabs you from the first chapter!  I love it!!!
 Reading this felt like heading back to the south. Great story, great characters and beautifully written. I want to read it again
 Story was compelling. Story of preverance.
 An excellent read!
 One of those books you can’t put down. Very well written.  Plot twist at the end - wait for it!
 Highly recommend. Didn’t want to put it down. Twists and turns throughout - right up until the end. Loved it.
 Loved the book from start to finish!!!!!!!
 I loved this book! Read it in just a few days over the holidays and I was hooked! It reminds me of Wendell Berry's writing.
 Good book. Very well written.
 The characters, location, and comparison between nature and humans was very interesting
 Very good story, interesting location, surprise ending
 Amazing from start to finish. Breaks your heart and warms it at the same time. LOVED this book
 Beautifully written- captivating- couldn’t put it down.  The characters were fully developed and fascinating
 This book was good from the beginning to the very end! I was sad when it was over.
 Enjoyed this book. Finished it...in a day and a half.
 Beautifully crafted story and so well written!! A delight to read.
 Best book I have read in ages. Beautiful writing, wonderful story.
 Finished this book in one day.  It kept my attention and I was surprised by the ending.
 I would recommend this book.  I can't believe it is her first novel.  It is a well told  descriptive story.
 Absolutely loved this book ....one of the best stories I have read in a long time highly recommend book !!!
 Excellent deep story that makes you appreciate nature and understand seclusion on a level I had not before.
 Very well written. You are immersed in the environment where the story unfolds.
 Loved the story! Characters were amazing. I couldn't put This book down. This is one of the few books I would read again.
 Has so many great elements... coming of age, romance, nature, mystery, murder! All compelling and fun to read. Highly recommend
 Wow! Great book from beginning to end. I have a new appreciation for the marsh.
 I LIKED THE FORMAT A LITTLE SURVIVED WHO HAD OVER CAME HER FAMILY
 Best book I’ve read in some time.
 I liked the suspense and the interest in swamp life.
 Enjoyed this book very much! Ironically my maiden name is mentioned...Kress’s Piggly Wiggly.
 Couldn't put this book down.  It was one of the best I've read in years - right to the end!!
 Really liked this book. Kia lived a hard life with no family, but in the end learned to love
 Couldn’t put this book down... it certainly did not disappoint! I look forward to future reads from Owens.
 Beautifully written depiction of Marsh Girl's life in the marsh.  A page turner with an unexpected ending.
 I could not put this book down.  I haven't read any other books by this author, but she is on my list now!
 Read on plane travels. Great story!<br/><br/>Easy read and the nature descriptions are nice touch. Makes it come to life.
 It took a few pages to pull me in then I was hooked!! Amazing characters! I felt like I knew them by the time I finished
 The book was wonderfully written. It had history, mystery,love and compassion all in one book I would recommend his book
 Story is compelling; narrative is rich and varied; characters are intriguing.  I did not want to stop reading this book.
 Excellent reading!!  Loved it!
 Kept my attention the entire time. I couldn't put it down. The storyline is very original. I would definitely recommend.
 I was drawn to the story right away which i like to do.  Will recommend this book to people i know.  Gave it a five star
 I liked the writing style and the way the story drew you in. I couldn't stop reading. The characters were so compelling.
 Loved it, wonderfully written, couldn't put it down
 Beautifully written story about surviving and love.
 I loved this story, a love story with a murder/mystery entwined.
 Heartbreaking and beautiful. Our book club gave it rave reviews.
 A very good read!  It kept my attention throughout.
 Wonderful book
 I couldn't step reading this book. It's a must read book. I have recommended this book to all my friends.
 At first I loved the nature writing and then I got wrapped up in the mystery and I could not put it down.
 Uniquely beautiful. Loved it from beginning to end. Delia Owens is brilliant.
 You "felt" everything in this writing!
 Keep my interest right from the start-
 I really enjoyed this book.
 Wonderfully written book. Sweet story that had me in tears. Great story of preserving and true love! Loved loved loved!
 Great read! Well written
 Educational, suspenseful, and well written. Well worth the read
 Romance, heartache, murder, prose, imagery, surprise... This book has it all. A must-read.
 I very much enjoyed this book. I had to stay up on my vacation to finish it until the end.
 Loved reading this book.  So strong was this character. Surprise ending.
 excellent bppk--everyonr rnjpys it!!!
 Honestly one of my favorite books I’ve ever read. I was legitimately sad when it was over.
 Excellent story, elegantly written. I didn’t know what to expect but this book delivered more than I could have hoped!
 I enjoyed it so much more than I expected to. I would recommend it to friends.
 It was very interesting. Felt similar to The Great Alone but not as lengthy.
 This was a page turned and I didn't want to put it down. The characters were we!l developed and I highly recommend it!
 I haven't read a book like this before. Such a wonderful read.
 The descriptions of he marshes and lagoons were extraordinary.
 I read this book in three days in between work and life, it is one of my favorite books of all time! ❤️
 Loved this beautifully written book!
 This is a beautifully written novel!
 Great book!!
 A great read
 Enjoyable read
 Great quick read. Beautifully, expressively written. Kept me turning pages.
 I enjoyed this book very much good story line just when I thought I had solved it another twist I highly recommend it
 One of the best books I read this year! I can’t believe it’s the author’s first novel. Couldn’t put it down.
 Just an interesting story.  Couldn’t put it down
 I enjoyed this book from start to finish, couldn't wait to get back to it every evening.
 Very interesting story, would make a good movie. Yes a bit far fetched but entertaining.
 A little slow at times but well worth the read. Just a beautiful love story with many twists and turns
 Do not skip this book.  It is so beautifully written.  I absolutely loved it and couldn't put it down.
 Great story. Bought a copy for a friend, arrived looking terrible.  Not giftable. Thanks Again Amazon!
 A page turner.
 I read this book in one day. Stayed up until 2 am to finish because I couldn’t put it down and cried through the last 30 minutes.
 Loved this book...got lost in it...couldn't put it down.  I loved the ending...it was a bit of a surprise ...lerfect
 I was sorry to see it end. I wanted it to keep going! Why do I need to write a certain number of words for a review?
 Stunning.  One of the only books that I have read that can hold a candle to a Pat Conroy novel.
 I really enjoyed this book! It's an easy read and one I did not want to put down!
 Overall great read
 Loved, loved the book.
 Awesome book.  Well written.  Enjoyed the characters and her information about the life in the marsh.
 The imaginary with the author writes brings the characters to a 3-D life.
 I loved this book so much. It’s so beautifully written, it takes you on a unique journey. Best book I’ve ever read.
 I loved this book!  So descriptive and beautiful. Fell in love with the characters and story line!
 This is the longest most boring book I have heard in a long while.  I am 2 hours into it and it is soooo dragging.<br/>I can not believe the reviews I have read about how good it is.  I do plan on listening to the rest of this book and if it ever improves I will update this review.  So far her Mom has left .... blah blah blah.<br/>Ok I finished it.  It never got any better.  I thought it was the most boring book I have purchased on a long time.  I do not recommend it.
 This is a must read-  incredibly captivating and a fast read.  I couldn’t put it down.
 Good read
 Beautifully written and captivating. I could not put it down. I loved every page of this book. I highly recommend.
 Truly one of the deepest emotional books I have ever read. I pray Delia chooses to write more fiction.  Brilliant!
 Pushing the envelope of belief, but wishing it all true.  This is one of those page turners that keep you on edge.
 With so many great books to read, I rarely re-read a book.  This is one of them.  What a wonderful book.
 Simply amazing.  Couldn't put it down, and am so sad that it's ended.  Cannot wait for more from Delia Owens.
 So well written.  Great story.  Will recommend it to my book club and all my friends.
 Completely different from any thing I ever read.  Some parts pretty unbelievable, but a great story
 This book is well written and keeps the reader guessing until the very end.
 I love this book from beginning to end. I couldn’t put it down. Definitely recommend!
 Intricately woven and intriguing story full of science, art and poetry.
 I really enjoyed this book from start to finish! Had a hard time putting it down!
 Best novel I have read in quite awhile.  Hard to put down
 Has all the elements that make a great read. Love, mystery, over coming all odds....
 It was a wonderful story, I really enjoyed the ending, I could not put the book down
 Awesome book. Story told very well and flowed nicely even though jumping in time. Kept me guessing what was going to happen next.
 Ending was a surprise for me!!!
 A great read!  Loved this book.
 Liked the fast wealth of information about the marshes of N. Carolina.
 Could not put this book down.  It’s one of my top five favorite books.
 I couldn’t put it down.  The abandoned child, the marsh, and wildlife steal your heart. This was a great read.
 This book was hard to put down. Loved the characters and the setting. I’m looking forward to the upcoming movie.
 I loved this book.
 One of the best books I read.  Great ending
 The best book I have read in a very long time. Beautifully written so that the reader sees, smells the marshes.
 Loved the story...
 See, smell, hear the marsh.  You can't help but fall in love with loneliness, all the while aching for company.
 This book is well written and just flowed.
 The first book that ever brought me to tears. LOVED IT!
 A very good read.
 Read it for book club and everyone liked it alot.  Definitely keeps your interest.
 Great book,amazingly written.
 Easy getting into story....and the longer you read the deeper you get! Great book!
 Very much enjoyed this book!  I especially liked the ending!  Not what I expected!
 Good book, a real page turner!
 If you have one thing to do in life, it's to pick up this book and read it. Now!! Just wow.
 Cute little read. Looked forward to getting back to it each evening after work and it kept me hooked during many weekend hours.
 Fabulous story. Had a hard time putting the book down.
 Love this book! This is one that you want your friends and family to read. It was hard to put down. Great book!
 I loved this book.  it was reminiscent of Pat Conroy writings about coastal land.
 book arrived quickly and was in great condition!  Story was soooo good"!!  Highly recommend it!
 I loved this little book it had me laughing crying all at the same time. I couldn’t put it down
 Fantastic story! The language is beautiful. The characters and the landscape of the marsh are vivid and memorable.
 This book resonates...and quite lyrically beautiful at points.
 This is a beautiful and heartfelt story. I couldnt put it down, yet didn't want it to end. I will read it again!
 A good read a little slow but welcomed me back every time I put it down and picked it back up.
 I enjoyed how I was engaged with the character and the building of her relationship with Tate.
 I loved this novel! It was heartbreaking but drew me in to the characters lives.
 I'm only half way into this novel but it's very good.
 This book pulled me in from the beginning. With beautiful imagery and characters. I was sad to end the book.
 Amazing story! Loved every page of this book! I felt so connected to this character by the end of this book.
 Came in a timely matter....One of the best books I have ever read.
 One of the best books ever Couldn't wait for the ending and sad that it's done On a scale of 1-5 stars it's a 10!!
 Our book club read this and thoroughly enjoyed it.  It's amazing what some people (children) can accomplish!
 Winderful characters, great story line.
 Loved the book
 Loved the book!!! Great for a book club.....
 There were a few surprises in the story line. I really enjoyed the originality of this story.
 I listened to it in bed to keep my mind occupied;so I could fall asleep faster.
 Vivid descriptions of the marshes! Strength of the main character was inspiring
 This book is filled with surprises.  The words paint pictures and make me want to visit Kya’s lush, fragrant marsh.
 Best novel I have read,<br/>Kya captured my heart from the very beginning and I was enthralled to the end.
 I was savoring this book the whole time I was reading it. Right from the beginning I didn’t want it to end.
 Drew me in from the beginning and kept me wanting more the entire novel!  Very good read with great ending!
 The writing is absolutely beautiful and elegant, without trying. The story is one of a kind. I could not put it down!
 I did not want this book to end. This has become a new favorite in my collection. I will be recommending it to fellow readers.
 So well written and a delightful read!
 Engaging read
 INCREDIBLE, heart-wrenching story that is written beautifully. Didn’t want this book to end!
 Best novel I have read in a long time.
 Beautifully written. Haunting.
 I loved this book! I could not put it down. I highly recommend if you love books with the Southern feel.
 Outstanding story.  I can understand why it was no. 1 on the NYT list!  I highly recommend it to everyone.
 This novel was written with colorful words and emotions from beginning to end. It took me on a marsh trip.
 Ordered this book on a whim, and it turned out to be the best book I’ve read in a long time!
 A story that covers a lifetime and all the ups and downs along the way. Great read with interesting characters
 The book was amazing and was disappointed when I finished the book. I didn't want the story to end.
 I liked the parallel stories and the rich descriptions of nature.
 Amazing book
 Awesomeness one of the best books I've fear this year. I could not put this book down I stayed up all night reading.
 My favorite book of 2018
 Book was OK—not great lit, although there is some nice writing.
 Beautifully written. Both tragic and hopeful. Hard to put down!
 Really enjoyed this story. Recommended book to friends already.
 Great book that makes you think AND stays with you!
 Exceptional book!  I recommend it to all.  Beautiful story and prose.
 My Favorite book group book in years
 Such a beautiful, bittersweet story.
 I loved the book.  It was  great story and kept me interested the whole time
 Great read.
 Good story telling. The ending seemed to fade away a bit but over all I enjoyed this book.
 Absolutely loved it. Reminded me a little of the Glass castle.
 I really loved this book!!!!
 Good story .  Well done.
 Great read. Kept me thinking about the characters all day, even after finishing the book.
 Very enjoyable book!  I recommed it to all those who enjoy nature, spiced with a mystery!
 Couldn’t put it down!
 Hard to put down read!
 Such a good read. Read it in less than a week and cried at parts. Loved it!
 Outstandin
 Good book. Very engaging. Read it cover to cover too quickly.
 Really good read! Kept my attention from the very first page.
 Great book and was very hard to put down! Not overly descriptive and placed me right in the marsh. ****
 Could not put it down, just would have liked it to be a paperbook, so I could go back and reread several things.
 Great read
 I loved this book. It's a keeper...in my heart.
 Very well written, after I got about 1/3 of the way through I just couldn't put it down!
 Interesting!  Kept your attention.  Laughed and cried with the characters.
 Great story.......Great characters.  This woman has a way with words......
 By far one of my new favorite books. So well written and thought out.
 I chose this rating, because the story drew you inyo Kya's l8fe. I felt her pain and sadness. Read it.
 I loved this book! I found myself thinking of Kya and how she survived even when I wasn’t reading.
 Loved it!
 Great book. Enjoyed every bit and didn't want to put it down
 Book club discussions
 I realy liked this book and recommended it to my niece which is the first time I've done that.
 Well written and hard to put down
 Good story and beautiful writing.
 It was this months selection for our Bookclub!
 A story that pulls you in with a great ending.
 Great book with well paced writing, good plot line and beautiful imagery.
 Liked !!
 Book club pick. One of my favorite books ever.
 Loved the story.  Well written..  Always something interesting happening.
 It was an excellent read with unexpectant twists and turns.
 One of the best books I've read recently...highly recommend
 So hard to put down! You simply fall in love with the main character and root for her the whole time.
 Awesome story .. cover to cover.
 Interesting characters and story
 Amazing book! So well written and great story
 Beautifuly written and difficult to put down.
 Best book I have read in a long time!  Well written!  I will be reading more books from this author!
 This book was unlike any other book I've ever read. The author is a true storyteller. I highly recommend d this book.
 This is a delightful read!  I couldn’t put it down!
 Love this book and the writing.
 Best read since The Book Thief!
 My all time favorite book! I wish this author had more books like this!
 This book was one of those that you never want to end...It is engaging!
 Great read!
 Kept me reading into the night
 I loved this novel. One of my favorites. I couldn’t put the book down.
 I like books that I look forward to reading. This is one of them. You can't help but root for Kya.
 Wonderful story that’s beautifully written.
 well written and very descriptive putting you in the story.  I didn't want it to end
 Absolutely great!
 I absolutely loved this book! The story and characters stay with you. Can not recommend it enough.
 good book I enjoyed it a lot.
 What a great read.  Could not put it down.
 I couldn't put it down.  I still think about the characters weeks later.  Loved it!
 Well written novel.  Truly enjoyed the characters and emotion evoked.
 One of those books you don't want to finish because its so enjoyable.
 One of the best books I have read. Couldn't put it down.
 Loved this book!
 Loved this novel
 I love this book.  I thought the writing was wonderful.
 Great story, interesting from the beginning to the end.
 highly recommend
 This book was amazing. I felt so connected to the main character. Really good read
 Loved this book. Amazing. So well written
 Loved this book!!  Couldn't put it down!!
 This was a wonderful book and I have recommended it to many friends.
 I thought it w developed very well. Certainly had a shocking ending.
 I read it in one day and won't forget the story for quite some time.<br/>I couldn't put it down.
 I absolutely LOVED this book! It's one of the best books I've read in years. Highly recommended!
 Beautifully written!  Loved every moment.
 I really enjoyed this coming of age story
 Plot a little far-fetched, but a very compelling read.
 Well developed characters. Interesting story.
 A great read and so good that it went too fast. Very well written
 Fantastic story line and I loved all the natural history and biology in the book.
 While not plausible, very entertaining:)
 This book was very entertaining and interesting.  I gave it 5 stars
 The best book I have read in a long time!!  I couldn’t put it down.  The writing flows so well.
 Learned about the swamp.
 Loved this book! Took a while to get into it but once I did couldn't put it down
 Loved this book. Could not put it down!
 Felt like I head read the story before.
 Very engaging. Couldn’t put it down!
 I loved the storyline of this book....mystery, love, it had it all
 One of the books you enjoy reading and are happy you have read it!
 Lovely story but rather unbelievable that a child could raise herself in the marsh lands of NC
 Most beautifully written, full of descriptive poetry, feelings and texture.  Was a great story
 I flew through this novel, and didn’t want it to end. Delia Owens is a wonderful story teller!
 Interesting, kept you guessing. Likeable characters.
 The book hooked me from the first paragraph and held me until the end. Loved it
 Great story vividly told.
 This book will make you sit down and keep reading!  Awesome book!
 Loved this book and the twists it took
 Good story, surprising ending
 Finished this is one day! Excellent read
 By far my top read book of 2019.  It is an amazing book that you can't forget.
 One of the best books I’ve ever read!
 Caught my interest from the beginning.  Read this for book club.
 Very good book, our book club read and everyone really liked it.
 This book made me cry and that is a good thing! I can hardly wait for the next book. Hooray!
 I loved the book didn’t like the way the father treated everybody but everyone turned out ok
 I loved this book -- I recommend it to everyone.  Best book I've read in ages.
 the subject of the book was very interesting .  Good to have an unusual plot .
 Very well written, captures you immediately.  I loved the story.
 Great read.
 Well written with a good twist
 Great book quick reading! Book Club!
 Love the book! Couldn’t put it down!
 On the same level as "To Kill a Mockingbird."  Need I say more?
 Very powerful story about isolation, prejudices, and redemption
 This book went to the wrong kindle<br/>It should have been sent to Barbara’s second kindle
 Absolutely loves this book! Couldn’t put it down!
 one of the Best Books I have read,  beautifully written, could not put it down......Hope it becomes a movie
 This was an amazing story and such beautiful prose. I highly recommend.
 Excellent story told with lyrical writing. Worth taking extra time to savor this book.
 Page turner, great writing!
 Great book.  Didn't want it to end.
 It was a very good read, let’s you know to never judge people!
 Fascinating read.  Hard to get anything else done!  Loved it!!
 I absolutely loved this book and highly recommend it!  Best book I’ve read in a long time!
 Could not put it down!
 Fun story with a surprising ending.
 Beautiful, tragic, surprising and  heartwarming.
 Best book I've read since To Kill a Mockingbird.
 GOOD WRITING  HOPE TE AMKE A MOVIE FROM THE BOOK
 Excellent
 Loved everything about this book. Hands down the best book I’ve read this year. I didn’t want it to end.
 this story is beautiful &amp; ugly; sweet and sour; readers will laugh and cry.
 Beautifully  written!
 Kept my interest from the beginning to the end.
 I had a very hard time putting this book down! It is an amazing story and so incredibly well written.
 Excellent book. All the great reviews are right on. Made me cry several times!
 Loved her writing- so descriptive
 Amazing storyteller. Kept my interest the whole way through.
 A good read. It held my attention and I had to know how it all came together in the end.
 Very entertaining and easy read. Kept me interested with and ending I didn’t see coming.
 Loved it! I found it hard to put down. I really liked the ending. It did not leave you guessing.
 Extremely well written.  Wonderful characters.
 Strong story of grit and courage and heartache
 Amazing book, couldn't put it down!!
 A great read. Recommending it to my book club
 One of the very best novels I have ever read.
 Miss reading this book!!! Read in two days!!!
 A little slow in the beginning
 Intriguing.  Good story teller.
 The story well written suspence
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book and the surprised at the end.
 This was a wonderfully written book about nature and the human spirit. I couldn’t put it down.
 I enoyed the story.  Great character development.  Descriptive language.
 This is a beautifully written book.  I was captivated from the beginning to the last page.
 One of the best books I read in a long time.
 Easy read.  Very entertaining.  Great story.
 Something for everyone- beautifully written.
 This book is the best read i have read in  say 6 months,It will make u cry!!
 I really enjoyed this book. Great ending and a lot of great characters.
 Simply wonderful.
 It's one of those rare stories you don't want to end! Do yourself a favor and curl up with this book!
 Boor
 Very interesting read, big surprise ending!
 I loved the descriptions of nature. A beautiful story of perseverance.
 Fabulous book. Really enjoyed the story line, descriptions and the twist at the end.
 It was so wonderful to hear a GOOD AUDIBLE BOOK by a great NARRATOR!
 Wonderful story!
 Great story!! Loved the book!
 I devoured this book in 6 hours. The best book I have read in a long time. Absolutely breathtaking prose.
 Superb story.  Well written. Highly recommend this book
 A fabulous book
 It arrived quickly and it's a great book.
 Great story! Could not put the book down!
 This books draws you into the main character and you feel what the character feels.
 Loved loved loved this book. The emotions this book invoked was a nice change of pace for me.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  I literally couldn’t put it down.
 Excellent book! I really liked the murder mystery but with a deep background story
 loved the book
 Great book....main character is so likeable and interesting . Overall great book !
 I loved the strength of the little girl.
 Loved this story....just might have to read it again!
 It was a page turner.  Just loved it to the very end.
 Well written.
 Great book---
 I loved this book and I will recommend it to everyone
 This was a beautifully written book. 😊
 Beautiful book! I couldn’t put it down!
 Excellent read. I couldn’t put it down.
 Great book! Didn’t want to put it down!
 Loved this book.
 I cried so many times. Will make you feel so many emotions at once.
 An excellent and thoroughly enjoyable read.  Couldn't put it down until the end!
 Written well
 Beautiful heartfelt story
 Couldn't put it down.  What an ending!
 Half way through the book and I am in love with it.  Don't want to put it down.
 A beautifully written novel that touches your soul.
 Excellent read.  Could not put it down.
 Great book!
 Great book!
 Read this for a book club I’m in. Would highly recommend!
 Loved this book did it want it to end
 Loved the writing.  Loved the setting and the ending
 Great reading, could not put it down.
 Excellent story. Beautiful prose.
 Great book!
 Could not put it down, have shared it with many friends who felt the same way!
 This was one of the best books I've recently read.
 Plausible?
 Again, I could not put the book down
 Sweet read
 The character development within the setting was extraordinary.
 Loved the book.  Would love to read more like it.
 Great book. You will remember it for a long time.
 Loved this book and the ending will surprise you!
 She paints with words.
 Wonderful
 Loved it!
 Good read
 Loved it!
 I didn’t want to put the book down!
 This is one of the best books I have read in a very long time!
 Very well written story. I felt like I was watching a movie. Just beautiful.
 Didn’t want this book to end! Loved the characters portraid perfectly by Delia Owens.
 It gave a good understanding of the Marsh Lands of the South.
 Loved this book! Sweet, painful, and mysterious. Worth the read!
 Loved it
 There was nothing to dislike about this book!!!
 Author seemed to be in a hurry to end the book.
 One of the all time favorite books I have read.
 Beautifully written.
 Great writing, captivating story!
 I could hardly put the book down.
 I loved this book! So beautifully written and a great story.
 This is a beautifully written story. Read it right now, you'll be glad you did.
 Bhhhj in bc isn't key is an my if after my trip at CCB her RT key is Ng kg
 It's a page turner. Great story.
 Where the Crawdads Sing is a great mystery read fun to the end.
 Loved this book...did not want it to end. Highly recommend.
 Many twists and turns with a surprise ending.
 I loved this book!
 I loved all the twist and turns
 well written. Very interesting.
 Didn’t want this book to end, can it please become a movie!!!???
 This book definitely held my interest from cover to cover.
 Our book club pick of the month.  Everyone LOVED the book.
 Great story. Timeline and many descriptions were right on!
 The characters were well-developed, the ending was superb.
 I LOVED the book!!! Couldn't put it down. Have recommended it many times
 Loved this book!!
 Beautiful writing!  Wonderful story of survival and love..
 I enjoyed this book very much.  I used it for my own pleasure of reading
 Excellent Excellent character development and story line.
 I loved everything about this book!  Great read!
 Didn't want it to end!  Great weekend read!
 Very touching. Such an interesting, strong, yet fragile main character.
 Loved this book.
 I bought the book new but it looks used without a jacket.
 The character development through the story
 Awesome book. One of the best I’ve read in a long time!!
 Loved everything about this book! Could not put it down!
 It was a wonderful book and made you feel like you right in the story.
 Great book.  Loved the writing. Good story
 It was a great book. Couldn’t put it down.
 I absolutely loved this book.
 book. Goes on my list of all-time favorite books, highly recommend. X X X X X X X X x
 Beautiful and stunning read !
 Compelling story.  A great writer.
 Fantastic read. Best 5 hours of my month.
 An enjoyable read, but I bit unrealistic.
 One of the best reads in a very long time
 Love love love. Makes me want to live with the animals.
 Fabulous story
 Didn’t want the book to end. Best read in a long time.
 Written exceptionally well! A great book
 Book was well written and did not mire itself anywhere
 Delivered in great condition, good read!
 made me sad, made me laugh -- good features in a book
 Hard to put down!  Very unusual and interesting story
 Great read!  Loved this story and will certainly recommend to my friends.
 Outstanding book. Couldn’t put it down.
 Loved this book! I highly recommend it.
 Excellent writing.<br/>Beautiful story
 Wonderful read!  Definitely five stars.
 Loved the ending!
 Great story!
 Did not want it to end........ wonder what a movie would be like???
 Excellent book. Writing is picturesque.
 Wonderful prose &amp; imagery
 Awesome book. I loved it!
 Really great read. Loved it! Couldn’t put it down 😃
 Very well written. Kept me in suspense
 Great book!
 Great read!
 Great book!
 Great book.
 Beautiful worded story of survival and independence
 Purchased this book to read for Book Club.<br/>akb
 It held my attention. Last 1/4 couldn’t put it down recommend it.
 Loved the book. Couldn’t put it down.
 I absolutely couldn’t put this book down. I read pretty fast but found myself really taking my time. A really superb story and felt like I was right there. That’s my kind of book! Gotta get this one! 🙌
 A great book , loved it
 Wonderful book about human strength and character!
 Beautifully written, touching story.
 I recommended to friends and family.
 Great story. Interesting characters. I highly recommend this book.
 loved it.
 i read it
 My book club read this and loved it.
 Good read
 I enjoyed this book very much. Great storyteller.
 This book instantly hooked me. Such a great read!
 Excellent book which has become my favorite!
 Well written, couldn't put it down.
 Loved the story and the characters!
